Letter...
Finally, 2001 is behind us.
We knew at the outset that 2001 would be a difficult
year. Without the spending generated by the Olympics and elections, and with all indications of a slowing economic environment, we anticipated tough times
and prepared for them long in advance.
But no one could have predicted what happened. The adver-
tising environment developed into the worst since World War II. And the events of Sept. 11 were a devastating blow to the already shaky economy. The attacks changed us, changed the company and changed the world.
Gannett met the challenge. At all our newspapers and television stations, at all our assorted operations and at corporate headquarters, Gannett employees hunkered down and worked. We produced newspapers and television broadcasts that were read or watched by millions more people than ever before.
The Gannett culture kicked in and people did the day-to-day work of the company with dedication, creativity and intelligence. I am very proud of this company’s people and the way we persevered in 2001.
In the end, the numbers are not the best we’ve ever had. But our geographic diversity, aggressive cost controls and the hard work of our employees led to one of the best year-over- year earnings in the industry, despite the fact that Gannett has always operated tightly and has some of the highest margins in our business.
Operating cash flow was $2 billion, down 7% from 2000. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.12. Revenues for 2001 were $6.3 billion, up 2% over 2000.
And there are other bright spots.
The Internet operations of Gannett’s community newspapers in the aggregate were profitable. This achievement was the result of Gannett’s management philosophy: We simply used caution and wisdom in our approach to the Internet notwith- standing the wild business climate surrounding dot-coms during the past few years. Our rule was to treat the Internet as a busi- ness, and it paid off at the local papers in 2001. Meanwhile, USATODAY.com is suffering revenue declines similar to other national sites.
Internet operations at Newsquest plc, our division in the United Kingdom, also were profitable. Revenues from all our Internet efforts were about $71 million.
Newsquest’s operations overall eluded the economic pres- sures that restricted our units in the USA. But we are seeing signs that the U.K. will have some weakening in 2002, especially in employment classifieds. Even so, many economists there predict they will have more positive growth than is projected for the U.S. or the Eurozone.
The Broadcasting Division proudly reached a milestone in its goal to have top-rated local news shows in each of our markets among the key demographic of adults ages 25-54. For the first time in 2001, all of the stations were No. 1 or No. 2 in their
            2
    
 markets for late news during a key ratings period for that age group. WGRZ-TV in Buffalo, N.Y., went from third to first place in late news for the first time in the station’s history.
The three top stations for late news in the nation among 25-54 year olds in the November 2001 ratings were Gannett’s KARE-TV in Minneapolis, KSDK-TV in St. Louis and KUSA-TV in Denver.
The Division also smoothly completed the transition to a new leader with the retirement of Cecil Walker and the installation of Craig Dubow as president and CEO.
Broadcast and our newspapers pulled out all the stops for coverage of the terrorist attacks in September and their after- math. Circulation spiked at USA TODAY and our community newspapers just after 9/11. Records were set.
The lesson was clear: People who said our industry was dying were simply wrong. People crave news in times of crisis and Gannett is ready to deliver it in a multitude of ways – in print, on the air and online. We have virtually 100% name recognition in our markets and the credibility to back it up.
Gannett’s community newspapers moved forward on all fronts during 2001. Major press projects were approved and money was committed to upgrading facilities at The Courier- Journal in Louisville, Ky., The Honolulu Advertiser and the Detroit Newspapers. On the editorial side, the Newspaper Division continued its pursuit of the critically important young reader. The 300-page “X Manual” was compiled to help the papers share ideas such as redesigned and repurposed classified sections and enhanced entertainment or business coverage.
USA TODAY’s association with Gannett Broadcasting grew during the year as USA TODAY LIVE brought more USA TODAY content to our television stations every day. An agree- ment with The Weather Channel to share content with USA TODAY – in print, online and on the air – was announced.
Another example of convergence is the cross-divisional cooperation among The Arizona Republic, KPNX-TV and their joint Web site, azcentral.com. Stories on business, sports
and education worked together to leverage expertise. Special joint projects such as the “Dying to Work” series on illegal immigration multiplied the impact.
The move to our new headquarters in McLean, Va., was completed. USA TODAY now has the facilities it needs and the company has a new home.
The uneven newsprint market, which began the year with an announced increase of $50 per metric ton, turned in our favor. Supply and demand would not support the higher prices and,
in fact, resulted in significant downward pressure on prices. Gannett now is buying newsprint at some of the lowest prices in 10 years.
A change in the accounting rules for goodwill and intangible assets was announced in 2001, allowing us to improve the way we will report EPS in 2002. As a result, our amortization expense for these assets will be reduced by approximately $234 million.
And the easing of interest rates by the Federal Reserve Board has benefited Gannett greatly. We ended the year with about $5.1 billion of debt.
So, we have a number of positives to contemplate as we
move into 2002, not the least of which is the hope for a recovery in the latter half of the year. There is also the return of the Olympics and some hot political races. And, the Federal Communications Commission is finally in the midst of reviewing the antiquated cross-ownership rules that have dampened progress in our industry.
Gannett’s financial discipline and good sense have gotten us through a tough year. And those principles make the good years all the better.
                      3
 FROM DOUGLAS H. MCCORKINDALE, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
   