         LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Gannett had a terrific year in 2012.
With our 100-plus local media organizations, strong na-
tional brands and marketing solutions that scale from local to national and back again, we are uniquely positioned to do what no other can.
We have deep local market knowledge, trusted products, effective services, an expansive reach and a strong financial profile. For us, 2012 was a year of effectively leveraging all of our advantages and launching a bold new strategy to redefine Gannett from the inside out.
With the Board of Directors’ support and our employees’ tena- cious resolve, we are on the offense at Gannett. We are leaning into our challenges and transforming them into opportunities.
While we expect 2013 to be a challenging year when com- pared to 2012, it will be just as important as we continue to suc- cessfully follow through and execute on what we started. We are confident that our efforts will continue to strengthen our market position and lead to a stronger future.
In 2012:
• We achieved our first year-over-year company-wide revenue
growth since 2006;
• We strengthened and differentiated our U.S. Community
Publishing platform through the launch of the all-access content subscription model, which drove circulation rev- enue increases for the first time since 2006. We are meeting or exceeding our revenue and operating profit goals;
• Our Broadcasting segment had its best year in history and took market share, with most stations gaining position in their markets;
• Total digital revenue across Gannett increased 19 percent and represented almost 25 percent of total revenue. We also funded nearly $75 million in strategic product, platform and efficiency initiatives.
Our clear sense of purpose is at our core and helps guide what we do. Each of our media organizations fosters con- nections among friends and neighbors, schools and students, voters and politicians, consumers and businesses. The more trusted connections we build, the stronger our communities grow. We are a company that is committed to working for the greater good of the communities we serve – a commitment that never wavers – as we embrace our new blueprint for growth as a digital media company.
In February 2012, we laid out our plan to return Gannett to sustainable revenue growth and increased profitability while positioning the company for expansion in the digital era.
We are happy to report that our comprehensive strategy to leverage our powerful local brands, national scale and financial strength is working and we are once again gaining momentum.
In 2012, through the combination of a 150% increase in our annual dividend to $.80 per share and the accelerated share repurchase program that we announced in February, we paid more than $158 million in dividends to shareholders and
ANNUAL 2 REPORT

  MAKE A DIFFERENCE DAY
INSPIRES MILLIONS TO VOLUNTEER
For more than 20 years, USA WEEKEND’s Make A Difference Day has inspired millions of Americans each year to volunteer in their communities. Last fall marked the first time all Gannett markets
organized volunteer projects and led employ- ees in service to their communities. A total
of 136 Gannett-led efforts were organized nationwide involving nearly 27,000 employees and community members, helping an esti- mated 478,000 people. The Gannett Founda- tion provided grants to each unit to partner with local nonprofits.
Among the efforts:
• DetroitFreePressemployees
were among more than 550 volunteers and 100 skilled workers who boarded up 185 dangerous vacant homes on the city’s west side.
• In Annandale, VA, 120 volunteers, including staff from Gannett corporate, USA TODAY, WUSA-TV and Gan- nett Healthcare Group painted classrooms, constructed play- grounds and sandboxes and landscaped the ACCA Child Development Center, which serves disadvantaged children.
• InAtlanta,WXIA11Aliveem- ployees joined 350 HandsOn Atlanta volunteers who fanned out to 11 sites across the
city. Among the good deeds: deliveringmealstothesick, building a community garden and tutoring disadvantaged kids.
• In the Cincinnati area, more than 70 Enquirer Media employees worked on four Habitat for Humanity homes under construction.
• In Palm Springs, The Desert Sun partnered with Klein Clark Sports for the 27th Annual Palm Springs Tram Road Challenge. Desert Sun staffers were among the 1,500 volunteers with proceeds benefitingthe21-member agencies of the United Way
of the Desert.
        purchased approximately 10.3 million shares for $154 million. This was only the first installment on our plan to return a total of approximately $1.3 billion in capital to shareholders by 2015. In 2012, we produced a total return to shareholders of 41% compared to 16% for the S&P 500 overall.
Our operating revenues totaled $5.4 billion in 2012, an increase of over 2 percent from 2011.This represented our first year-over-year revenue increase since 2006. Revenue from digital businesses and offerings company-wide reached $1.3 billion, a record, or nearly 25 percent of total revenue. Profitability was up as well, with net income attributable to Gannett excluding special items up 6.3 percent. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for the full year totaled $2.33, an increase of over 9 percent from 2011.
We continue to make significant progress on a broad range of initiatives that are bringing our strategy to life – even as we deliver on our promise to return more value to shareholders.
GROWTH STRATEGY
Our growth strategy is aimed at achieving three main objectives:
• Enhance our local core news and marketing businesses;
• Leverage our hometown and brand advantages and
accelerate growth by entering into or expanding high
growth businesses;
• Continue to optimize our assets and maintain a strong
financial profile to fund our growth while delivering increased shareholder value.
We are implementing this strategy through an ambitious, aggressive but attainable plan to achieve long-term revenue and margin goals while transforming Gannett into a digital power- house. The plan is built upon unique Gannett advantages, includ- ing our position as a trusted source of relevant, reliable, valued news and information in our markets and the close working relationships we have with more than 150,000 small to medium- sized businesses. We also are leveraging our strong financial position, which is the result of many years of prudent financial stewardship. Maintaining a strong balance sheet and appropri- ately and carefully allocating our investment dollars are Gannett hallmarks that remain fundamental to our approach.
KEY INITIATIVES AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Since announcing our new strategy and capital allocation plan, we have moved quickly on many fronts and made excellent progress across all areas of our business.
We created an integrated national sales organization in 2012 to fully leverage our local-to-national reach. Gannett has a unique offering when our national brands like USA TODAY and USA WEEKEND are combined with our 100-plus local brands.The organization is committed to growing national advertising revenues across Gannett’s robust publishing and digital businesses.
One of our major strategic initiatives last year was the rollout of our new all-access content subscription model in 78 local domestic publishing markets on time, on plan and on
ANNUAL 3 REPORT

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
budget. This program makes our unique, local, high-quality content available when and how consumers want it, digitally or in print.The subscription trends we are seeing are very encour- aging, including the growth of digital subscriptions. Nearly all the digital-only subscriptions are new, with about two-thirds coming from a mostly younger demographic that has never subscribed; another third are consumers whose subscrip-
tions have lapsed and now are coming back for our content.
As a result of this successful rollout, circulation revenue grew company-wide for the first time in six years and resulted in
$20 million of additional operating profit in 2012. We expect to generate an $80 million increase in operating profit in 2013.
Through Gannett Digital Marketing Services (GDMS), we launched new and expanded offerings aimed at helping tens of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses in our markets use digital technology more efficiently and effectively to reach their customers. By year’s end, we completed the planned GDMS rollout and were offering a robust suite of digital services in all of our publishing and broadcast markets. Our offerings range from our own products such as DealChicken, an online coupon and special offers site, which tripled revenue in 2012 compared to 2011, to Internet advertising and social media optimization services. In the third quarter, we added new social engagement advertising and consumer loyalty applications through the ac- quisitions of BLiNQ Media and Mobestream Media, respectively. Our GDMS offerings open attractive new opportunities in a fast- growing business segment and enable us to deepen our long-
standing relationships with advertisers, who continue to look to us as a familiar, knowledgeable and trusted partner. In this first year of introducing our new GDMS offerings and services, we are very pleased with our continued progress and the response we are getting from customers and advertisers. As we enter 2013, our talented GDMS team is bringing in new business at an accel- erated rate, customer satisfaction is high and repeat business is strong. We are very enthusiastic about GDMS’s prospects for the coming years and see tremendous opportunity. We will continue to invest prudently in this initiative as well as look at acquisi- tions to fill in product or capability gaps.
In September, we relaunched our iconic USA TODAY brand as a multi-platform news and marketing company optimized for the digital era. We built on the brand’s strong founda-
tion and developed a new brand identity that communicates
a more modern, anywhere, anytime news leader that truly
has its finger on the pulse of the nation. We put content front and center, invited readers to“Join the Nation’s Conversation” and reinforced to our audience that USA TODAY is the “go-to” news source for smart, concise, meaningful reporting with redesigned print and web products. Results of this“reimagined” USA TODAY prove that the re-launched products and brand are making a difference with our audiences across multiple platforms, and our advertisers have supported us with over
100 digital campaigns since September 2012. In fact, in 2012 USA TODAY’s app made the list of top 10 most downloaded free news apps on iTunes and received“Best User Experience”
ANNUAL 4 REPORT

GANNETT AND GREAT JOURNALISM
Gannett has a strong commitment to producing great journalism and as a result, consumers trust our brands. Our industry peers, too, recognize our good work.
This year one of our own, Patti Dennis, vice president and news director at KUSA-TV in Denver, was named News Director of the Year by Broadcasting & Cable magazine.
Her honor is well deserved, as were our other local, regional and national awards won by many of our media organizations and journalists. To highlight just some of our excellent work: Three of our media organizations – The Detroit Free Press, KARE-TV in Minneapolis-St. Paul and KUSA – won a total of four national
2012 Edward R. Murrow Awards from the Radio Television Digital News Association (RTNDA). USA TODAY won the prestigious 2013 Alfred I. duPont-Columbia Award, and USA TODAY, along with The Arizona Republic and the Burlington (VT) Free Press, were among
finalists in the 2012 annual Pulitzer Prize competition. Other awards are highlighted on www.gannett.com.
             from Digital Hollywood. USA TODAY also was named “Mobile Publisher of the Year” by Mobile Marketer.
In addition to creating those USA TODAY award-winning tablet and mobile apps, Gannett Digital steamed ahead with its mobile team rolling out more than 200 other mobile products in 2012, including new iPad apps for our Gannett broadcast stations.
During 2012, we also built out and streamlined our
USA TODAY Sports Media Group to fully leverage one of the country’s strongest local and national sports news and infor- mation franchises. As a result, Gannett digital sports platforms now attract on average more than 22 million unique visitors monthly and consistently rank among the top five digital sports destinations. Our goal is to have some 35 million unique visitors per month by 2015, and have one of the industry’s most recognized and effective sports marketing platforms in place.
In the U.K., Newsquest has done a great job of managing in a challenging environment and it is looking at its own set of strategic initiatives that include focusing on growing digital advertising.
Our Broadcasting division delivered its best year in history, punctuated by record revenues and profitability along with significant growth in market share. In total, Broadcasting con- tributed operating income of approximately $444 million, an increase of 47 percent compared to 2011.
Its results were driven by a record level of political adver- tising revenue, which reached $150 million for the year. Our
TV stations earned a significant increase in election-year ad spending through effective inventory management, strong sta- tion ratings and a very good footprint in key states like Colo- rado, Florida, Ohio andVirginia.They also took full advantage of record viewership of the 2012 Summer Olympics and a new, locally focused sales strategy to achieve $37 million in bill- ing, an increase of nearly 60 percent compared with the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing. Year-over-year retransmis- sion revenue increased by 21 percent and we expect it to be
a significant contributor to results in 2013. Broadcasting also benefited from new digital products and capabilities.
CareerBuilder, our industry-leading online recruiting and employment information company, delivered another solid year of revenue and market share growth while expanding its reach in key international markets and adding important new capabilities. CareerBuilder continues to operate the largest
job board in North America, attracting some 22 million unique visitors each month. Internationally, CareerBuilder is gaining momentum to be the leading franchise in key European, Asian and South American markets. Its sites, combined with partner- ships and acquisitions, give CareerBuilder a presence in more than 60 markets worldwide. Its overseas operations grew by 20 percent year-over-year. In September, CareerBuilder made a bold move in the fast-growing online recruitment field by acquiring Economic Modeling Specialists Intl. (EMSI), an eco- nomic software firm specializing in gathering and interpreting large amounts of employment data and labor market analysis.
ANNUAL 5 REPORT

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Combining this unique capability with its global platform enables the company to deliver deeper, broader employment data and insight that will change the way companies recruit. The EMSI acquisition builds on CareerBuilder’s already suc- cessful Workforce Analytics offering.
Gannett Publishing Services (GPS), initially formed in 2011, is an integrated nationwide business that now provides custom- er service, pre-media services (photo toning and ad production for both digital and print), printing and distribution for all 81 local U.S. Community Publishing newspapers and USA TODAY. In 2012, its first full year of operation, GPS leveraged economies of scale and best-in-class processes to deliver significant cost savings as well as leveraged its assets to grow new revenue by providing services commercially to other publishers.
2013 AND BEYOND
In 2012, Gannett embarked on a new course and moved quickly to put plans and investments into action to create
one of the nation’s premier media and marketing solutions company for the digital era. For the first time in years, Gannett is playing offense, taking strategic steps to shape our future. We are convinced that when it comes to our communities, our investors and our employees, nothing is more important than our success in building a strong, profitable business driven by our sense of purpose.
We anticipate that the economy and changing industry con- ditions will continue to present challenges in 2013. In addition,
our extraordinary achievements in 2012 set a high bar, fueled by expanding our political and Olympic revenue to historical company proportions. But, we know that our plan is sound and we are confident in our ability to execute our strategy. We have an exceptional leadership team that is determined to move our transformation forward quickly. Our many advantages include our employees who are dedicated to ensuring that Gannett remains a vital resource for the millions of consumers and
tens of thousands of advertisers who rely on us, and that we continue to be an important and positive presence in the com- munities we serve.
Based on our successes in 2012, we are exceptionally well positioned to accomplish all we have set out to do and are fully committed to delivering increased value to our shareholders. We are confident we will succeed.
Marjorie Magner,
Chairman of the Board
Gracia Martore,
President and Chief Executive Officer
           ANNUAL 6 REPORT
