 Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman, President and CEO
 2
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Record revenues, winning strategies and a clear- eyed approach to our changing and dynamic industry put Gannett solidly ahead of the pack in 2004. We achieved these results despite a wavering recov- ery that perked up the economy periodically but refused to promote improvement steadily and consistently.
Our numbers for the year were strong, but getting there required the tough, disciplined management Gannett is known for. Operating revenues were a record $7.4 billion, up 10 percent from 2003. Net income was a record $1.32 billion, up 8.7 percent from the year before. Operating cash flow was $2.4 billion, an 8.1 percent, year-over-year increase. And diluted earnings per share were up 10.3 percent to a record $4.92, compared with $4.46 for 2003.
We are very proud of these results, and very proud of the managers and employees who got us here. I firmly believe the Gannett team is the strongest in the industry. We have dealt with years of tough economic times, war and industry turmoil, and we keep winning the race. Now, as the information business faces new challenges and exciting changes, the employees of Gannett are proving to be what you would expect: innovative, flexible and farsighted.
We began 2004 seeking growth, top-line and otherwise. The guiding principle was to deliver news and information to people when they want it, how they want it and where they want it. In the media business, this meant opening our minds to new and different approaches and audiences. Gannett’s people responded.
We ended the year with new publications in key locations around the U.S.; acquisitions, including ones such as Captivate, that broadened our horizons;
growth in our employment classified options through CareerBuilder.com; and new ways to make money from new technology like high-definition television (HDTV).
We also were determined to attract more advertisers by adding press and color capacity and bundling sales across platforms. And we found new ways to attract subscribers as we transition from telemarketing techniques.
We even made a traditional revenue enhancing move – raising the single copy price of USA TODAY to reflect its true value to the reader – and succeeded in an unusual way: We kept readership high, and our advertisers happy.
   
 “Record revenues, winning strategies and a clear-eyed approach to our changing and dynamic industry put Gannett solidly ahead of the pack
in 2004.”
      GROWTH
Early in 2004, Gannett saw opportunities to add to our existing businesses in interesting ways. NurseWeek came on board in February, expanding the reach of
our solid Nursing Spectrum group. The combination reaches out to nurses throughout the country with their popular magazines. Later in the spring, we joined once again with Knight Ridder and Tribune to invest in CrossMedia, a company that repurposes print advertis- ing for the Internet. By the summer, CrossMedia had launched ShopLocal.com, a Web site appealing to shop- pers who want to browse online but do their buying in person. Meanwhile, CareerBuilder – our other business partnership with Knight Ridder and Tribune – was ramping up against the competition and becoming the top employment site on the Web.
In April, we acquired the assets of Captivate, a com- pany that installs TV screens in elevators so riders can gather information during otherwise wasted time. The goal: deliver news, information and – importantly – advertisements to a quality, essentially captive, audience. By the end of 2005, Captivate is expected to enhance its
format to increase its ad inventory and expand to 8,000 elevators across the U.S. and Canada.
Acquisitions such as Captivate, CrossMedia and Clipper – the direct-mail advertising magazine company we acquired in late 2003 – are part of our strategy to find new and interesting ways to reach readers and expand our traditional base.
But, throughout 2004, our desire to make acquisitions that would truly position us as competitors in the 21st century information age was thwarted by the govern- ment’s regulatory controls. Laws barring ownership of newspapers and TV stations in the same community remained hung up in court and the bureaucracy of the Federal Communications Commission. We believe these unreasonable and antiquated regulations must be changed.
SUCCESS
Gannett brings strength, quiet confidence and determi- nation to the table whenever we want to accomplish a goal. In 2002, we decided we wanted to reach new, younger audiences. We tested free, weekly publications
3

 4
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
in a few locations, found the right recipe and developed a plan. By the end of 2004, we were reaching young readers in nine communities across America, and plan- ning more launches for 2005. Similarly, Gannett is developing and launching Spanish-language publications to reach that growing segment of the population.
In the U.K., Newsquest continued its tradition of targeted launches of winning niche publications. This year’s launches included the Stratford Guardian – a pub- lication for the London borough that hopes to host the 2012 Olympics – and the Engaged Investor.
At USA TODAY, circulation reached an all-time high of 2,311,954 in September before the price increase. While the increase impacted some single copy sales, efforts were made to increase sales in other ways such as home delivery and Blue Chip (hotel sales). The result was a net gain in average daily paid circulation by year’s end. An increase in advertising rates on Jan. 1, 2004 – another one is set for 2005 – also helped the bottom line. USA TODAY is a premium newspaper that delivers quality to both readers and advertisers and should be priced accordingly.
Before the 2004 elections rolled around, and for the past couple of years, Gannett Broadcasting knew that the
best possible way to attract advertising dollars to our
21 TV stations was to become the No. 1 or No. 2 rated station in the market. The strategy and hard work paid off, and many of our stations were top-rated going into 2004. Cleveland, Sacramento, Little Rock, Ark., and Columbia, S.C., showed particular gains. The result: $120 million in Olympics and political revenues in 2004.
Quality journalism also is a key to success, and our TV stations, newspapers and Internet sites consistently are award winners. Gannett properties in the U.S. and U.K. won more than 1,230 local, state and national journalism awards in 2004. Among them: the coveted Pulitzer Prize for editorial cartooning for Matt Davies of The Journal News in Westchester County, N.Y.; the 2004 Scottish Newspaper of the Year for the Sunday Herald in Glasgow; two national Edward R. Murrow Awards for KARE-TV in Minneapolis-St.Paul, and one for KUSA-TV in Denver. Gannett’s was the only local television group to win three national Murrows.
On the Internet, Gannett’s presence has grown both in popularity and revenues. Gannett’s U.S. newspaper and television Web sites, including USATODAY.com, had an average of 18.7 million unique visitors per
  
 month in 2004, a 35 percent increase over 2003. Those numbers translated into profitability in 2004, still a
rare commodity in Internet businesses. Broadcast sites saw a nearly 35 percent gain in revenue over 2003. USATODAY.com had a 48 percent revenue year-to-year gain over 2003, while Newsquest’s Web revenues were up nearly 50 percent, figured in dollars. And Gannett community daily newspaper sites saw a phenomenal
60 percent gain.
Finally, Gannett Web sites played a huge role in one
of the most significant accomplishments for our news- papers and TV stations in 2004. As four hurricanes swept through Florida in August and September, Gannett outlets used their Web sites and their tenacity to perform beyond expectation. Mighty feats of delivering news and helping their communities occurred at our properties amid tremendous personal and professional hardships. The Pensacola News Journal, for instance, sheltered families and faced flooding, but continued to deliver the news. Tampa-St. Petersburg’s WTSP-TV
was forced to evacuate, but stayed on the air from a temporary studio. Our two Jacksonville TV stations,
The News-Press in Fort Myers and FLORIDA TODAY in Brevard, all did amazing work in horrible, scary conditions. Huge surges in traffic to our Web sites kept communities together during the worst, and Gannett’s operations succeeded in their core mission: Get news and information to the community, no matter what.
That, in my mind, is the definition of success.
INVESTMENT
Gannett has a long tradition of making itself better by investing in its people, equipment and the future. This year was no different.
New state-of-the-art presses came on line in Louisville, Ky., Honolulu and Oxford, England, in 2004. New color capacity was added to Des Moines, Fort Myers, Fla., and Nashville in the U.S. and to Worcester and Colchester in the U.K., to accommodate the increasing demand for color advertising.
Installing high-definition television (HDTV) has
been a costly government requirement for our stations, but KUSA-TV in Denver saw more than just compliance.
5
  
 “Now, as the information business faces new challenges and exciting changes, the employees of Gannett are proving to be what you would expect: innovative, flexible and farsighted.”
      6
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
It saw profit potential. The station began airing all-HDTV newscasts – including shots from the news helicopter with a specially devised camera – then sold the new way of seeing the news to advertisers.
Diversity was a major theme at Gannett in 2004 – the diversity of our people and of our businesses.
In late spring, a Knight Foundation report on newspaper companies ranked Gannett No. 1 in having staffs that best mirrored the number of minorities in individual communities where the company has newspapers. We take great pride in this achievement because we firmly believe that a newsroom should reflect its community. Diversity, simply put, makes good journalism.
Another form of diversity consistently has made Gannett stronger as a company. With properties in small, medium and large communities; in every region of the country; and in the United Kingdom, Gannett was able in 2004 to weather regional challenges in the econ- omy, and changes in advertising patterns. When national advertising weakens, we have the strength of our local ads. When local is difficult, national seems to step up. And the U.K. economy handily seems to balance changes in the U.S. It is in years like 2004 that Gannett’s investment in geographic diversity pays off.
A truly good investment for Gannett in 2004 was the purchase of our own stock. The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.3 billion worth of shares during the year and 20 million shares were acquired. The fact is, Gannett’s stock is an excellent investment.
LOOKING FORWARD
I believe 2005 will be much like 2004 for Gannett. With regulatory matters unresolved, dynamic changes happening in the industry and an economy that refuses to be consistent, Gannett will again need to call upon our strong management, innovative people and track record. But you can rely on us to win the race for our shareholders.
Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman, President and CEO
 