  In 2008, we aggressively continued our transformation into a company that is innova- tive, nimble and intently focused on the customer. We welcomed the explosive growth in people’s need for instant, accurate and credible information as a true opportunity and continued to adjust quickly and creatively to the changing nature of our industry. After all, providing news and information is what we do best.
Throughout the year, we continued to make smart decisions about acquisitions, prod-
             Letter to Shareholders
   CRAIG A. DUBOW, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
A slowing and increasingly troubled economy dogged Gannett throughout 2008, affecting both our results and the progress of our transformation.
We had many successes during the year – growth in online revenues, a number of key investments that strengthened our portfolio and the launch of multiple innovative ini- tiatives – but the combination of secular changes in our industry and the unprecedent- ed global economic downturn took its toll.
Overall, operating revenues were $6.8 billion. Net income from continuing operations would have been $747 million were it not for impairment and other charges in the sec- ond and fourth quarters totaling $8.4 billion pre-tax ($7.4 billion after-tax). These charges caused us to report a net loss from continuing operations of $6.65 billion or $29.11 per share.
These numbers, I believe, reflect the economy and the changes in our industry but – especially with the impairment charge – don’t adequately demonstrate the true dynamic of the past year at Gannett.
ucts and priorities within our divisions. Innovation was applied to every process – from ad sales, to newspaper delivery, to creating new digital products.
We actively worked to keep costs in line by consolidating, reorganizing and restruc- turing while attempting to ensure that our products and brands remained rock solid in anticipation of the eventual economic recovery.
And we successfully funded the company during the incredibly difficult credit condi- tions of the past few months; renegotiated credit agreements; and paid down debt. Our balance sheet provides the flexibility we need to navigate the difficult economy.
In other words, we pressed forward with our transformation, stayed focused on the future and managed the company with discipline and foresight.
We began 2008 by doubling the fire power of Gannett Digital, naming Chris Saridakis as Chief Digital Officer to drive new business and moving Jack Williams to head of Gannett Digital Ventures, which oversees our key partner-
ships including CareerBuilder and Classified Ventures. This ramped up the division’s efforts and
began a year of fervent activity.
Early on, we launched quadrantONE, an
online sales organization focused on premi-
um advertisers, with partners Tribune Co., Hearst Corporation and The New York Times Company. And we completed the rollout of AdTech, our internal ad serving network. AdTech gives us the capability to provide national advertising across our local sites and
to target our new content verticals such as the Moms sites.
These internal and external ad networks closed the loop and allowed us to deliver to
advertisers what they have asked for: scale combined with ease of use.
In a move that strengthened our core operations, Bob Dickey was appointed presi-
dent of the U.S. Community Publishing division in late February.
He dove in quickly by overhauling the operation with a reorganization of regions, a
consolidation of operations and printing facilities, and a ramping up of the regional toning centers for photo production.The move toward outsourcing ad services contin-
 Gannett acquired an additional 10 percent – and a controlling interest – in CareerBuilder in 2008. As the U.S.’s largest online job site, CareerBuilder.com put 1.5 million jobs in front of job
seekers – at home or at work – in print and on the Web. More than 22.5 million unique visitors come to the site every month to check out opportunities in every industry, field and job type.
            2 2008 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT

  ued and he brought in a new generation of leaders to the former Newspaper Division. These changes, begun in April and completed in June, resulted in a tighter organiza- tion that is focused on revenue-producing opportunities, growing our community con- nections and delivering on our First Amendment responsibilities in our Information
Centers.
Delivering news and information across multiple platforms in ways customers
want is the goal of these innovative Information Centers, which have replaced newsrooms in newspapers and TV stations across the company. This multi- platform, 24/7 approach is delivering more and better local information to our Web sites, but also our print and broadcast products.
In late May, we were shocked and saddened to learn of the death of Chuck Fruit, a member of our Board of Directors and Coca-Cola’s senior adviser for marketing, strategy and innovation, and one of the nation’s foremost sports and media marketers. Chuck was a delightful and kind man who added greatly to our Board both in terms of personality and expertise. He has been greatly missed.
In June, we acquired the remaining equity shares of ShopLocal, a company we owned in partnership with Tribune and The McClatchy Company. ShopLocal’s strength is in its relationship with all the nation’s top retailers through its business of digitalizing sales inserts.
Within the original partnership, ShopLocal had failed to realize its full potential. By buying out those partners, aligning it with our PointRoll rich media company and gain- ing management efficiencies, we were able to create an end-to-end solution for retail- ers who wish to advertise on the Web. ShopLocal turned profitable in the first quarter of ownership.
We also made a minority investment in Mogulus, and our use of live, streaming media on all of our Web sites exploded.
Throughout the company, innovative use of live video on Mogulus complemented our coverage of major news events. The Des Moines Register helped set the tone with live-on-video candidate interviews during the Iowa Caucuses, followed by its national- ly televised candidate’s debate.
Election Day at our newspapers, including USA TODAY, saw live, streamed events that augmented print coverage. We wound up with record Web traffic, as well as huge sales the next day of keepsake editions of the newspaper.
Hurricanes and high school football games are now being shown live by newspaper staffers as well as TV reporters with the “studio-in-a-box” capabilities of Mogulus.
In fact, video on the Web has become commonplace and high quality across the com- pany, not only for our Broadcast division. The Detroit Free Press won two national Emmy awards for video produced for its Web site, freep.com.
The awards were two of hundreds of honors won by Gannett operations during the year. We won four prestigious national Edward R. Murrow Awards for our TV stations: KARE-TV in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minn.; KUSA-TV at Denver; WLTX-TV at Columbia, S.C.; and KTHV-TV at Little Rock, Ark.
Detroit won again, this time an Associated Press Managing Editors (APME) Public Service award for its investigation of the mayor of Detroit. APME also gave a Public Service award to The News Journal in Wilmington, Del., for its examination of Delaware’s only mental institution.
No wonder the scope of our products continues to attract audiences deep into our communities. Evidence can be found in a Scarborough Research study that measures the number of adults in 81 top markets that access a community’s publication and
Gannett Digital and USA TODAY developed
a news application for Apple’s iPhone that has
swiftly become one of the most popular – ranking as high as No. 4 among the free apps available for the iPhone.
The USA TODAY app went
live in late December, featuring USA TODAY’s latest headlines, Snapshots, sports scores, photos and more. Also offered are cur- rent weather conditions, up-to- the minute regional radar and
a five day forecast based on the user’s exact location via GPS.
    2008 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
  A major push for Gannett is to deliver reliable and relevant
        owned by Gannett, Tribune, McClatchy and Microsoft, continues to take market share in the U.S. while growing overseas. Other digital classified solutions include our part- nership in Classified Ventures, which operates cars.com and apartments.com.
Toward the end of the year, our successful social networking sites for moms – which began as the innovative Indymoms.com in 2006 – were rebranded MomsLikeMe.com. These newly named and designed sites with deep local roots enabled a more consistent national advertising platform and let us launch sites in major non-Gannett locations.
 Letter to Shareholders
                 local content that can be scaled nationally. That’s the underlying component of some of our digital efforts. For example, our local Moms sites were unified across one single platform –
a MomsLikeMe national brand. Using Ripple6, a leading provider of social media ser- vices, we brought the Moms audience together in an online community. Through the use
of Ripple6, which Gannett acquired in 2008, the company is expanding this community beyond geographic boundaries.
related Web site. Gannett had the top three newspapers for weekly market penetration of newspapers, and the combined penetration of newspapers and Web sites. The Rochester Democrat and Chronicle was No. 1, following by the Gannett Wisconsin
Newspapers and The Des Moines Register.
Meanwhile, USA TODAY continued its tradition of bold innova-
tion with a free Apple iPhone application that is among the most popular for the product, reaching as high as fourth most downloaded. We now have more than one million downloads and more than one million Snapshot votes. The team from USA TODAY, Gannett Digital and PointRoll that developed the “app” is
among the most creative and diligent in our company. In fact, as consumers move to the mobile platform, we are ready for them with a broad network of mobile sites that can deliver local news instantly wherever and
whenever the customer wants it.
In September, Gannett acquired an additional 10% of CareerBuilder from Tribune, giv-
ing us a 50.8% controlling interest in the No. 1 jobs site in the USA. CareerBuilder,
MomsLikeMe sites are available in 80 communities now, including the nation’s top metro areas, and there is a national MomsLikeMe.com site that serves as a portal.
In parallel, we continue to grow our network of entertainment sites, Metromix, in part- nership with Tribune Co. By integrating Metromix staffs with our local units and linking from the local news site, our newspapers and TV stations have received richer enter- tainment coverage while attracting new and young audiences.
Our rollout of HighSchoolSports.net continues across the country with access to audiences in more than 35% of high schools in this country. The sites logged more than 1.3 million unique visitors in January 2009, according to Nielsen//NetRatings.
Moms, Metromix and HighSchoolSports.net exemplify our plan to create and grow networks of Web sites with local-local connections but national scope. Giving national advertisers the opportunity to reach audiences in our local communities of users is a differentiator for us.
Along those lines, we ended the year with the acquisition of Ripple6, which owns and operates the social networking technology that powers the Moms sites.
Ripple6 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gannett and will continue to offer its best of breed social media technology and analytics not only to Gannett but also to an array of top-tier marketers and Web publishers.
With its acquisition, Ripple6 joined CareerBuilder, ShopLocal, PointRoll, Planet Discover and Schedule Star (which operates HighSchoolSports.net) in our new Digital segment. Pro forma revenues for this segment were $689 million in 2008. When added with revenues from Web sites associated with our Publishing and Broadcast opera- tions, our pro forma online revenues surpassed $1 billion.
Concurrent with this growth and driving transformation through the company are cross divisional initiatives that work to change the culture while improving efficiency and outreach to our many customers.
4 2008 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT

 Driving a national advertising sales strategy is a project called SalesOne, which allows us to approach national advertisers in a unified, organized way from a print, digital and broadcast perspective and to reduce redundancy of effort both on our part and the advertisers’.
Similarly, we launched ContentOne at the end of the year. ContentOne will funda- mentally change the way we gather and distribute content across the company. ContentOne also will attempt to guide coverage of major events not only to reduce duplication of effort but also to provide national advertising sales platforms.
Ultimately, the true step forward for ContentOne will be to make a market for our con- tent separate from our traditional products, which means our content will become one of our products. The project is underway now and is testing its processes, acquiring its infrastructure and probing advertiser interest.
Both ContentOne and SalesOne are initiatives that span platforms and divisions – they not only are a smart use of resources but also culture changing for the company. We are truly capable of delivering information on multiple platforms, at any time, any- where. It was our vision three years ago and it is a reality today.
All told, it was one of the busiest and most productive years for Gannett in terms of product innovation, driving customer satisfaction and changing the culture of the company. Were it not for the pressure from the economy, we believe the year would have been a breakthrough in accomplishing our strategic goals.
Within our core operations, many changes took place during 2008 driven both by the economy and dramatically changing reader habits.
A standout initiative, driven by innovation and steeped in consumer research, is taking place in Detroit, where we publish the Detroit Free Press, MediaNews Group publishes the Detroit News and we produce and distribute them together under a Joint Operating Agreement.
Here, innovation teams reached out to customers and advertisers to find out what they really wanted while finding ways to significantly reduce production and distribu- tion costs. The result will be a major change in the way we will print, deliver and price products in Detroit.
Beginning in the first quarter, Detroit subscribers will be offered improved daily electronic versions of the newspaper, while they still are receiving home delivery of the newspaper on Thursdays, Fridays, and Sundays. Printed
copies of the newspaper also will be available at newsstands
seven days a week.
This is a truly bold step, and will be closely watched across
Gannett and in our industry.
In our Broadcast group, which saw strong revenues from
the dynamic political year as well as the Olympics, we began
taking steps early on to prepare for the cyclical changes typical to the division. We centralized the division’s master control and graphics functions, revamped our on-air personnel strategies and successfully increased our retransmission fees from cable and other companies.
We prepared for the transition to digital TV from analog and were ready when Congress postponed the deadline from February 17, 2009 to June 12, 2009.
In U.S. Community Publishing, as I mentioned earlier, several production functions such as photos and ad services were centralized. Regionalization of printing continued as some smaller newspaper printing facilities were closed where possible.
Back-office financial operations for Broadcast and Publishing, such as Accounts Payable and Credit and Collections, were centralized into Shared Service Centers.
As digital delivery revolutionizes how people get information, The Detroit Free Press and The Detroit News (the Free Press’ Joint Operating Agreement partner) are undertaking a sweeping set of innovative changes to better meet adver- tiser and reader needs. Using a customer-centered approach, the Detroit Free Press is offering a wider variety of digital infor- mation channels while continu- ing to provide home delivery of the newspaper on Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays.
days a week to improved daily electronic editions that are the
available at newsstands seven days a week.
                                                             Subscribers have access seven
 exact copies of each day’s print- ed newspapers and printed copies of the newspaper are
2008 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 5
  
    Transformation is taking place
Across the board, these efforts picked up speed toward the end of the year as the eco- nomic crisis deepened and revenues were affected. As needed, job reductions occurred in the U.S. and at Newsquest totaling about 7,000 positions during the year.
Also, pensions were frozen for virtually all employees in a program that included an enhanced 401(k) match in Gannett stock. A furlough program requiring employees to take off the equivalent of five days without pay was announced for the first quarter of 2009.
We also made difficult decisions regarding the allocation of our free cash flow. Capital spending on core operations was trimmed to approximately $165 million in 2008, down from $263 million three years ago. And on Feb. 25, 2009, our Board of Directors reduced the quarterly dividend from 40 cents per share to 4 cents per share, payable on April 1. I believe this was another prudent response to the full-fledged recessions in the U.S. and U.K. This reallocation of more than $325 million of free cash flow annually to pay down debt will further strengthen our balance sheet, provide us with even more financial flexibility and position us well to continue to seize opportunities for growth.
At all times, the cost reduction efforts were undertaken with an eye to maintaining operations and preparing for when the economy returns. Managers were asked to eval- uate their cost reductions not only from a fiscal standpoint but also through a strate- gic lens: Consider the future, make smart decisions and prepare for better times.
These efforts were difficult, even traumatic for our company. Our employees are our greatest asset and the pressure on them this year has been intense.
Nevertheless, they have repeatedly and with great loyalty risen to the task and per- formed what I can only think of as miracle after miracle. As staffs and resources necessarily shrank, our employees continued to do the day- to-day work of putting out daily newspapers, populating Web sites 24/7 and airing broadcasts. Then they went on to create fabulous new prod- ucts, apply technology to problems in new and different ways, reach out to their communities and uphold the First Amendment – still and always our highest calling. Our employees performed the sublime and
the mundane. I deeply appreciate them.
         Letter to Shareholders
      on many fronts at Gannett. ContentOne is fundamentally changing the way we gather, manage and use our content. Through the initiative, we are working to improve efficiency of content development and Gannett’s ability to more effec- tively share our content across properties ad platforms – while also being more attractive to national and local advertisers.
With our fantastic employees, Gannett is entering 2009 cognizant of the deep chal- lenges but is in active preparation for the better times to come. Our local print and TV brands remain strong and respected in their communities and USA TODAY remains a great national brand at the top of its game. We are finding new ways to tie technology to community and, through that, open new markets and attract new customers. We have great digital products and will launch new ones at every turn, always with the customer in mind.
So, even though our industry is in the middle of the great media revolution causing huge secular changes and, at the same time, our nation is facing the worst cyclical downturn since the Great Depression, Gannett is working hard and pushing through.
We are facing these challenges with fortitude, experience, innovation and a vision. We are rising to the occasion and looking forward to the future.
Craig A. Dubow,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6 2008 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT
