 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Craig A. Dubow | Chairman Chief Executive Officer, Gannett Co., Inc.
2010 was a year of great change and growth.Technology and social networking continued to transform society, culture and business. Media consumption was at an all time high as consumers fed an ever-expanding appetite for new ways to engage with one another and information, integrating traditional news platforms with new technologies.
Gannett met these changing dynamics by making content, social networks and marketing tools readily available to our customers in the many different ways they desired.
We delivered great journalism that put us at the top of the television ratings nationwide for the Winter Olympics and elections and garnered top industry awards including Edward R. Murrow awards for broadcasting, a Pulitzer Prize for photography and many other awards for excellence.
With USA TODAY’s inaugural App for the iPad, we were at the forefront of one of the greatest game changers we have seen.
For our business customers, we provided new opportunities to engage audiences and we developed marketing solutions to help their businesses grow.
In short, we listened to what our customers want – and put it all within reach.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Providing engaging content any way consumers wish and finding new ways to connect businesses to these audiences are key to our success. By delivering on these efforts, we delivered strong results to our shareholders. In fact, since the National Bureau of Economic Research reported the recession was over June 30, 2009, Gannett has significantly outperformed the general market and peer group stock indexes.
Gannett is stronger and more profitable today than we were a year ago. We achieved revenues of $5.4 billion and delivered sequential comparison improvement in our total operating revenues for each quarter in 2010.
Broadcast had an exceptional year with revenues up 22 percent. Broadcasting operating income, excluding special items, was up 50 percent and exceeded operating income on the same basis in 2008 by $20 million.
This is extraordinary given 2008 was a presidential election year. Our digital revenues companywide continued to grow and today represent 18 percent of Gannett’s total revenue. Our publishing segment revenue comparisons contin- ued to improve during the year but its overall performance mirrored the state of the U.S. and U.K. economies, with growth in some sectors and weak spots in others. However, we delivered a 15 percent increase in operating income, excluding special items, and with excellent leadership at U.S. Community Publishing, USA TODAY and at Newsquest, Publishing ended the year stronger than where we began.
Gannett generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow in 2010, excluding special items, 19 percent higher than in 2009 and we reduced our debt by $710 million. We completed a $500 million offering of senior notes and an extension of our revolving credit facilities that resulted in a very manageable debt matu- rity schedule and improved an already strong balance sheet. Our total free cash flow for 2010 was $816 million.
We also made significant voluntary cash contributions to the Gannett Retirement Plan totaling $130 million. Combined with the strong investment
ANNUAL 2 REPORT

 return on the plan’s assets in 2010, this greatly improved the funding of the plan at year end.
Net income from continuing operations attributable to Gannett, excluding special items, was $591 million, an increase of 35%.
Early in 2010, I was pleased to announce the promotion of Gracia Martore to president and chief operating officer of the company. Gracia has been a friend and adviser and it is personally gratifying to recognize her work in this way. With her superb financial skills, as our former executive vice president and chief financial officer, and extensive knowledge of our business operations, she has done an outstanding job in her new role. We brought in Paul Saleh as our new senior vice president and CFO. He brings deep experience and an excellent track record leading the financial organizations of some great companies and we are very pleased to have him on board.
BUILDING ON THE STRENGTH OF OUR LOCAL BRANDS
Gannett’s unmatched local market franchises and exceptionally strong brands – both local and national – are true differentiators for our company and helped drive our results.
In Broadcasting, we focused on the strengths of our local content with great success. Gannett Broadcasting led the nation in television ratings for election night and Olympics coverage with KSDK in St. Louis, KARE in Minneapolis and KUSA in Denver, ranking first, second and third respectively on election night for late news in the top 25 local markets in the key 25-54 advertising demographic. KUSA was the No. 1 rated station in the country for the Winter Olympics in the key 25-54 demographic and KSDK and KARE ranked third and fourth among this group. These rankings helped contribute to our strong financial results within Broadcasting.
We extended the digital reach of our local television brands by joining with Datasphere, a leading provider of local web technology, to deliver very localized content on a community and neighborhood basis to consumers and hyper-local digital ad solutions for small businesses. By enabling business customers to target audiences down to specific neighborhoods, we make their services even more relevant to their customers. We launched 264 of these neighborhood web sites in 10 markets. Early sales results have been ahead of expectations.
In U.S. Community Publishing (USCP), we took many innovative steps to leverage our local brands and market expertise to further expand our digital reach. We teamed with Yahoo! to launch an advertising partnership at all 81 community newspaper sites and seven broadcast properties. This partnership plays to the strength of our great local brands and relationships andYahoo!’s broad digital audience and audience targeting capabilities. Together, we expect to extend our digital reach to as much as 80 percent on a local basis.
Print continues to be important to many of our readers.Throughout the year, we focused on growing our paid Sunday home delivery circulation, build- ing on the strength of our local brands. We created content that’s geared toward the Sunday home environment where consumers are deeply involved with our product – both the content and advertising. We enhanced our content and design, giving readers a better experience and business customers an even more engaged audience. As a result, we increased Sunday home delivery volume for 20 of USCP’s largest 32 newspapers.
OUR MISSION
To enrich lives by informing and inspiring consumers, by providing the ease and accessi- bility to connect them with their communities of interest, and by being a catalyst for the conversations that are making a difference every day.
To help clients succeed
through our unparalleled local- to-international portfolio of trusted brands, our ability to provide integrated marketing solutions, and our insight into consumer behavior.
To lead the transformation
of the media and marketing solutions industries.
OUR VISION
To be the trusted, leading media and marketing solutions company at the forefront of a new era in human engagement.
ANNUAL 3 REPORT

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Whether it’s the iPhoneTM, AndroidTM or iPadTM App, our product designs are based on consumer behavior and continue to set trends in the industry.
Jeff Dionise | Vice President, Product Development and Design, USA TODAY
REACHING CONSUMERS AND BUSINESS CUSTOMERS
ON ALL PLATFORMS
Throughout the year, we expanded the many different ways we reach people. From online to on-the-go, to print and broadcast,
we connected consumers to the things that interest them most and business customers to a highly engaged audience. At the same time, we ramped up our cross platform sales efforts.
USA TODAY’s iPad App has been enormously successful and demonstrates the importance of having great content – and great design – tailored to each particular platform. USA TODAY’s App has been one of the most popular news Apps on this device with more than 1.6 million downloads since it launched last April and advertiser support remains strong. USA TODAY’s iPad, iPhone and Android Apps combined had more than 7 million downloads. In January of this year, USA TODAY released an updated version, the 2.0, which includes USA TODAY’s popular Technology and Travel sections, and we recently announced that USA TODAY will be an inaugural App on the Motorola tablet. At the same time, PointRoll has produced some of the best, most innovative iPad advertising experiences the platform has seen.
USA TODAY’s iPad App was named the Best Mobile App for Editorial Content in the 2010 MOBI Awards and Apple recognized it as the top free news iPad App of the year.
2010 was a breakout year for mobile content consumption, especially by those using smartphones. For Gannett, the smart- phone revolution means more people are seeking with greater frequency the trusted content we provide on our mobile sites and through our Apps. Across the company, USA TODAY and our local sites served over 1.6 billion mobile page views in 2010, up 267% from 2009. We also see signs of a growing market for local and national mobile advertising.
To leverage this momentum, last fall we began build-out of a Gannett-wide mobile platform that gives our mobile sites a new look and feel and supports on-demand video for higher-end devices such as the iPhone. Most importantly, with this new platform we are now able to drive innovation across all Gannett mobile sites by pooling technical resources in an efficient and scalable manner.
We also continued to play a leadership role in developing mobile digital TV, which provides consumers with the freedom to enjoy their favorite programming while on the go. Gannett joined with 11 other major broadcasting groups, including NBC and FOX, last year to develop a national mobile service. Early consumer response indicates mobile DTV will expand our viewing and attract younger viewers.
As we continue to expand the many options consumers have to access our content, we have also begun to customize our content by platform. The content we produce for a small smart phone screen should be different than what we produce for someone reading online or in print. USA TODAY is again leading the industry, taking a very different approach to creating content not
Our photojournalists are at the center
of the news as it happens. This Pulitzer Prize-winning photo captured a dramatic rescue.
ANNUAL 4 REPORT
Mary Chind | Photographer, The Des Moines Register
iPad is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc. All rights reserved.

 Industry leader PointRoll powers effective, interactive digital campaigns for more than two-thirds of the Fortune 500 brands.
George Thomas | Director of Product Management, PointRoll
only by platform but by audience, and tailoring both its content and marketing by segments such as travel and sports.
We also began testing different paid content models at three USCP sites, providing subscribers several platform options to access news and information. These tests are helping us better understand consumer response to paid content and what type of business models are sustainable. We are finding that subscribers are much more engaged than non-subscribers, consuming four and five times as many pages per visit. We are pleased with the results we have received, which demonstrate consumers value our content and are willing to pay for it.
This year, we joined with Ongo Inc., The New York Times Company and The Washington Post Company to launch a new personal digital news service for consumers. Called Ongo, this service is built on the cable pay model, allowing subscribers to customize and personalize how they receive information for a set monthly fee with the option to add on to their packages for an additional price. Content from USA TODAY and our community newspapers are featured on Ongo. Ongo is accessible through leading web browsers on web-enabled devices, including comput- ers, smartphones and tablets, complementing Gannett’s strategy to make content available to consumers anywhere they are.
HELPING OUR CUSTOMERS SUCCEED
Throughout the year, we continued to take bold steps to create a solutions-based approach to supporting our business customers. In our U.S. Community Publishing division, we launched five regional Gannett Client Solutions Groups to provide customized
marketing solutions services such as strategic planning, campaign concept and design, digital media execution, event marketing and media buying. At the same time, we are focused on creating a customer-centric world-class sales organization in our local community publishing markets.
As we changed the way we support our business customers, we also extended the capabilities of our marketing services companies, PointRoll, ShopLocal and CareerBuilder to further help our customers achieve their goals.
PointRoll, the industry leader in rich media advertising, which powers more than 50 percent of all rich media campaigns online, helps our customers deliver their messages across multi- ple digital formats. Last year, PointRoll served over 150 billion ad impressions. ShopLocal, the retail division of PointRoll, is the leader in multi-channel shopping services. It connects over 100 of the nation’s top retailers with shoppers through measurable marketing solutions that include online circulars, display adver- tising as well as social media and mobile. In 2010, ShopLocal launched its “Gift Me This” feature for Facebook, which gives retail business customers a stronger opportunity to distribute local promotions. Facebook users can create a social wish list by
Since WXIA launched its campaign to stop distracted driving, 17 other Gannett
TV stations across the U.S. have joined the effort, with thousands of viewers taking a life-saving pledge to never text while driving.
Donna Lowry | Education Reporter, WXIA-TV
ANNUAL 5 REPORT

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Gannett is helping to lead the development and rollout of mobile DTV, the next generation of television.
Robert Lydick | Project and Planning Analyst, Gannett Broadcasting
pushing products they find in SmartCirculars to their Facebook News Feeds by clicking on the“Gift MeThis”link.
CareerBuilder, known for its industry leadership in online recruitment, is growing on a global scale and has evolved well beyond its origins as a job board, diversifying its product line, providing resources for everything from employment branding and social media management to data analysis on talent. CareerBuilder consistently outperforms competitors and continues to gain market share. It now operates sites in 18 countries outside of the U.S. and was a significant driver for the increase in our digital revenue.
OUR NEW BRAND
In 2010, we accelerated our transformation. We continued to build on the strength of our great local brands and properties while forging into the many new and exciting areas mobile and digital have to offer. Our company has changed significantly in recent years. We broadened our portfolio and changed the ways in which we enable consumers and business customers to engage with each other and the things that matter most to them. We also have changed our philosophy. We no longer decide what consumers and businesses need. Our cus- tomers decide and we provide them with what they want.
Our new logo and tagline convey the many benefits we bring to consumers, businesses and our employees. For consumers,
we provide easy access to the information they want, when they want it, everywhere they want it; for businesses, we deliver innovative marketing solutions that help put their business goals within reach; for employees,
we offer rewarding careers and opportunities to grow.
                          Now it’s time for our brand to reflect
and promote our company as we are today
and the tremendous value we bring to our customers, employees, shareholders and industry. Toward that end, we launched a major corporate branding effort this year. We created new mission and vision statements that speak to what drives us today and the opportunities we will deliver tomorrow. We also have a new logo and tagline –“It’s all within reach”– which conveys the many benefits we bring to consumers, businesses and our employees.
Our brand strategy represents the natural evolution of our transformation and, as our customers get to know us again and see the full value we bring, it will help us grow our company, attract and retain the best people and increase shareholder value.
This is an extraordinary time to be in our sector – and to be at Gannett. These are unique and rather unprecedented times in the ways in which our products and technology are enhancing people’s lives. Our focus remains on providing a great customer experience. I look forward to all that lies ahead.
Craig A. Dubow, Chairman
Chief Executive Officer
   ANNUAL 6 REPORT
