 Gannett ended the second millennium with a great performance: 1999 was our eighth consecutive year
of record revenues and profits.
Our newspapers led the way, helped by the longest economic expansion in history. Gannett’s revenues
increased 8 percent to almost $5.3 billion and earnings advanced 13 percent to approximately $886 million. Our operating cash flow increased 12 percent to $1.84 billion, another record level. Behind the success was strong advertising demand at all the papers, a smart acquisition overseas and lower newsprint prices. And USA TODAY had record operating results. Not included is a one-time gain from the exchange of our ABC affiliate in the smaller Austin, Texas, market for the ABC affiliate in Sacramento, Calif., the number 20 television market, and cash.
Also excluded are the contributions of the Cable Division, which was sold on Jan. 31, 2000 to Cox
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Gannett Chairman and CEO John J. Curley (left) and Vice Chairman and President Douglas H. McCorkindale
Communications for approximately $2.7 billion in cash or about $5,200 per subscriber, the upper end of the price range for cable.
Cable was part of the Multimedia acquisition, a deal that exceeded our expectations over the years. We paid $2.3 billion for all of Multimedia in 1995 and, since then, sold the entertainment, security and cable divisions plus a few small properties for a total of $3 billion. We still own all of the significant news- papers and television stations that were part of the deal – and Multimedia added to our earnings in every quarter we owned it.
Gannett’s strategic focus continues to be on using our substantial cash flow to create and expand quality products and to make acquisitions in the news, information and related fields. In 1999, we made a number of smart investments consistent with those goals.
  2

   “Our newspapers were record earners in 1999, benefiting from strong advertising demand – particularly in classified and national – and newsprint expenses that declined
6 percent for the year.”
 In July, we completed the acquisition of Newsquest plc, one of the largest regional newspaper publishers in England. At about $1.7 bil- lion, the deal was Gannett’s most significant overseas transaction ever. In Newsquest, under the leadership of Jim Brown, we found a group of high-quality properties, managed by superb people who share our culture of innovation and financial discipline.
Newsquest’s focus, like ours, is on providing local news and information through valued, trusted products that satisfy the needs of their communities. Newsquest also was the first regional newspa- per group to launch a Web site in the United Kingdom.
It has expanded its Internet efforts through a number of individual and industrywide initiatives and is well-posi- tioned to capitalize on these opportunities. Because of the company’s good operating performance, and lower-than- anticipated interest rates, Newsquest added to earnings in 1999. We believe it’s very unusual for an acquisition of this size to enhance earnings so quickly.
 In November, we reached an agreement to purchase a small television station,
WJXX in Jacksonville, Fla., where we already own the NBC affiliate, WTLV. A loos- ening of several broadcast ownership regulations by the Federal Communications Commission, including new duopoly rules, makes it possible for us to acquire
that second station. But the cross-ownership rule, left unchanged by the FCC, still bars Gannett from owning newspapers and broadcast properties in the same market. While some members of Congress seem willing to level the playing field, the FCC isn’t budging.
The business of the Internet was the business of Gannett in 1999. The number of our domestic newspaper Web sites grew to 60 over
the year and we more than doubled the products we
offer online to 480-plus. These products include news sites, rich classified verticals, community-oriented sites
and numerous specialty sites based on the unique charac- teristics of the individual markets. In 2000, we intend to add more products and
 launch the remainder of the small-market newspaper sites. The Internet is a challenge
and an exciting opportunity for our community newspa- pers to extend their brand, generate revenue and, ultimately, profits. Our newspapers will continue to use the Internet to leverage those important local brands, and enhance the strong relationships we already enjoy with our readers and advertisers in the communi- ties we serve. And our Web sites are attracting visitors who are not readers and are generating subscriptions for our print products.
As the most visited
general news site on the Web, USATODAY.com solidified
its position in 1999 as an Internet leader. Over the year, content was enhanced and multimedia coverage was added. Advertising revenue and e-commerce sponsor- ships exploded in 1999 and USATODAY.com made a profit for the entire year – almost unheard of in the dot.com world.
Our broadcast group launched new media activities through Web sites in 13 of our television markets in 1999.
3
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

 GANNETT’S BASIC GAME PLAN
BUSINESS DEFINITION
Gannett is an international $5.3 billion news, information and communications company.
We operate with the belief that improving products and sound management will lead to higher profits for our shareholders.
The underlying theme in our ads is: “A world of different voices where freedom speaks.”
Our assets include:
• USA TODAY;
• Daily and weekly community newspapers and specialty
publications;
• Television stations in many Top 25 and growth markets;
• Online news, information and advertising.
STRATEGIC VISION
• Create and expand quality products through innovation;
• Make acquisitions in news, information and communications and
related fields that make strategic and economic sense.
OPERATING PRINCIPLES
• Provide effective leadership and efficient management;
• Achieve a positive return on new and acquired products and
properties in a reasonable period of time, while recognizing those
with high growth potential may take more time;
• Increase profitability and increase return on equity and investment
over the long term;
• Enhance the quality and editorial integrity of our products,
recognizing that quality products ultimately lead to higher profits;
• Guarantee respect for and fairness in dealing with employees;
• Offer a diverse environment where opportunity is based on merit;
• Show commitment and service to communities where we do
business;
• Deliver customer satisfaction;
• Dispose of assets that have limited or no potential or where an
offer has been made that the Board of Directors believes is in the
best interest of the shareholders;
• In all activities, we show respect for the First Amendment and our
responsibility to it.
 4
 Each of our major stations has made significant progress in creating a new business around its Web activities and we plan to have Web sites in all our TV markets in 2000.
Overall, Gannett generated about $40 million in revenue in 1999 from Internet activi- ties, with a minimal loss.
Gannett stock became one of our smart investments in 1999. In late August, we activated our share repurchase program and bought almost 2.4 million shares at a total cost of about $163 million for the year. Early in 2000, we believed that our stock price did not reflect the underlying value and strength of our businesses and decided to repurchase additional stock. Subsequently, the Board approved another $500 million authorization. On February 23, having used a substantial por- tion of that authorization, the Board approved an additional $500 million for purchases of Gannett stock.
Even while taking advan- tage of international expansion opportunities, Gannett’s sights in 1999 remained focused on credibility and dedicated to local news and our communities.
The Newspaper Division published the Principles of Ethical Conduct for Newsrooms, continuing Gannett’s leadership role in demanding proper press conduct and high ethical standards in news gathering. While the world of news and information explodes, our goal is to stay ahead of the pack while building credibility with readers.
The strategy made for good journalism and good business.
Readership was up in 1999, proving value should be measured by the number of people who read a newspa- per, not solely by the number who buy it. Increasingly, the industry and the advertising world are taking notice, and studies of readership are underway, both at Gannett and nationally.
Our newspapers were record earners in 1999, benefiting from strong adver- tising demand – particularly in classified and national – and newsprint expenses that declined 6 percent for the year. We also enjoyed another year of profit improvement at The Detroit News, our New Jersey properties and USA WEEKEND. And while
 
       newsprint prices will increase in 2000, we don’t expect market conditions to result in substantially higher prices for publishers.
USA TODAY had its best year ever and is the nation’s largest selling daily newspaper with readership at 5.4 million and average circulation of approximately 2.3 million copies per day reported by the Audit Bureau of Circulations. Advertising revenues grew 17 percent as several of the paper’s largest ad categories experienced double digit growth. Dot.com advertising added to the boom: USA TODAY led all major print publications in the share of paid dot.com advertising pages.
Looking ahead for USA TODAY, 2000 is an election and an Olympics year, promising a boost in ad spending. Internet brand- building will continue as we take advantage of our solid foundation and seek out new opportunities. In 2000, Gannett’s Broadcasting Division will join with USA TODAY to bring content from The Nation’s Newspaper to our TV stations, and to make use of our stations’ resources
to bring news and informa- tion to the newspaper and USATODAY.com.
Programs expanding read- ership, such as USA TODAY’s innovative plan to attract college students, will continue to broaden its reach with important new audiences. And the new year will bring the first significant redesign in USA TODAY’s 17-year history.
1999 was a challenging year for our television sta- tions. The absence of major special events on our stations – the Super Bowl, Winter Olympics and strong election spending, all of which bolstered results in 1998 – made for difficult comparisons in 1999. With the trade of our Austin, Texas, station for one in Sacramento, our 21 stations covered 17.4 percent of U.S. households.
We expect to close on the second Jacksonville station in the first half of 2000. Olympics and election ad
 spending should improve revenues and earnings in 2000 while our stations take advan- tage of the opportunities to attract new viewers and grow our core product: local news. And investments in technology will continue as we move deeper into the digital age.
But whether we’re talking about core products or technology-driven expansions, our smartest investments are still our employees. That’s why 1999 saw us stress, at corporate and in the field, recruiting and retaining talent. “Grow Your Own” is an important objective at Gannett.
As we enter the 21st century, we will continue to expand our traditional businesses, explore new opportunities and enhance our values. And in that process, we will always work to meet the needs of the communities we serve. That’s the smart thing to do.
Above: Newsquest Executive Chairman James Brown (right) and Douglas McCorkindale, when the acquisition of Newsquest was announced in 1999.
       John J. Curley Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Douglas H. McCorkindale Vice Chairman and President
5
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
