2
Gannett Annual Report
MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE
  Gannett Chairman and CEO John J. Curley
Vice Chairman and President Douglas H. McCorkindale
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
or the seventh year in a F row, Gannett achieved
record revenues and profits in 1998. Buoyed by
strong advertising demand across the board, operating revenues increased 8 percent to $5.121 billion – exceeding the $5 billion mark for the first time. Each of our business segments – newspaper pub- lishing, television and cable – reported higher earnings for the year. As a result, Gannett’s earnings advanced 15 percent to $816 million. Those earnings exclude the non-operating after-tax gain
of $184 million we realized, primarily from the sale of our five remaining radio stations in January and the sale of our alarm security business in March 1998.
Our operating cash flow in 1998 totaled $1.75 billion, its highest level ever. In addition to the acquisitions described below, we also reduced debt by $444 million and made capital investments of $244 million. Our shareholders received $219 million directly in dividends.
The economy entered its 95th month of the current
economic recovery in February 1999. For the last several years, the U.S. econo- my has enjoyed consistent growth rather than the sharp peaks and valleys that charac- terized previous periods. From our viewpoint, it’s better to savor the steady duration of good economic times than to rejoice in the quicker spikes
of the past. Looking forward, we recognize the uncertainty that surrounds the global and U.S. economies in 1999. Our tradition of managing for the long term and consistent fiscal restraint has served us well in
    
Gannett Annual Report
 the past and will benefit us whichever way the economy goes in 1999.
Over the long term our strategic goals have been to create and expand quality products and to make appro- priate acquisitions in news, information and related fields. Our strategy doesn’t change from year to year, but our opportunities do. Over the last several years, we have com- pleted a number of acquisi- tions that have enhanced our growth rate and substantially benefited our shareholders.
Our newspapers enjoyed a record year benefiting from strong advertising demand, particularly in classified, as the economic expansion contin- ued. We also enjoyed a sub- stantially improved operating performance at The Detroit News. These gains more than offset the 18 percent increase in newsprint expense for the year. Gannett, the largest consumer of newsprint in the world, used 970,000 tons of newsprint in 1998. In 1999,
we expect market supply and pricing conditions to favor us and we are already seeing newsprint prices begin to decline.
Our newspaper division expanded its presence in New Jersey, acquiring two dailies for a total of seven in the Garden State. The Daily Record in Morristown and the Ocean County Observer in Toms River joined our family in July. We were pleased to add
these fine properties to our New Jersey Newspaper Group, which also includes the Asbury Park Press and Home News Tribune of East Brunswick. The latter two newspapers came on board in October 1997 and their performance has exceeded expectations, adding to earnings in our first full year of ownership. The New Jersey Newspaper Group is headed by Robert T. Collins, who also is president and publisher of the Asbury
Park Press, Home News Tribune and Ocean County Newspapers and was selected Gannett’s Manager of the
Year for 1998. He is pictured on page 4 along with other top company award winners.
We also sold five small daily newspapers in Ohio, Illinois and West Virginia and contributed our newspaper
in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., to the Gannett Foundation. Subsequently, the Foundation sold the newspaper and will use the proceeds to fund its community grants. In 1998, the Foundation contributed more than $8 million to quali- fied nonprofit organizations to improve the education, health and advancement of the people who live in communities where Gannett does business.
USA TODAY had another solid year as advertising rev- enues gained 12 percent, on top of strong gains for the last few years. Circulation grew to a daily average of 2,271,767 copies. Among new content for
readers in 1998: a Friday travel section in Life; a weekly health/behavior feature to complement a weekly science page; and more coverage of entrepreneurs and the global economy in the Money section. In 1999, USA TODAY will complete a press expansion project, which will help meet the increased demand for color from its advertisers.
1998 was a busy year for Gannett journalists. They covered a never-ending stream of major news stories, from presidential crises to pivotal elections to military maneu- vers. And they chronicled the wonderful story of Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa as they engaged in friendly battle to break baseball’s single- season home-run record.
Throughout the year, our newspapers and television stations brought readers and viewers the important local news that affects their lives on a daily basis. In some instances, that meant provid- ing life-saving tips and coping information to help communi- ties weather the effects of devastating natural disasters. An extended drought sparked wildfires that destroyed dozens of homes and business- es and thousands of acres in Florida. For weeks, FLORI- DA TODAY staffers provided comprehensive coverage and the newspaper started a disaster fund to help victims.
Whatever the topic – and however tight the deadline –
3
 A QUICK LOOK
• Operating revenues increased 8 percent to $5.121 billion – exceeding the $5 billion mark for the first time.
• Operating cash flow in 1998 totaled $1.75 billion, its highest level ever.
• USA TODAY had another solid year as advertising revenues gained 12 percent, on top of strong gains for the last few years. Circulation grew to a daily average of 2,271,767 copies.
• Over the last two years, our shareholders have enjoyed a 33 percent average annual return vs. 31 percent for the S&P 500.
• Our tradition of managing for the long term and consistent fiscal restraint has served us well in the past and will benefit us whichever way the economy goes in 1999.
       
4
  Gannett Annual Report
 Among employees honored for their outstanding performances in 1998 were, from left: Elyse Salpeter, senior account executive/display sales for USA WEEKEND, Sales Executive of the Year; Robert Collins, group president of the New Jersey Newspaper Group and president and publisher of the Asbury Park Press, Home News Tribune at East Brunswick and Ocean County Newspapers, Manager of the Year; Donald Stinson, vice president/ advertising in the Newspaper Division and president of the Gannett Retail Advertising Group, Corporate Staffer of the Year; and the Battle Creek (Mich.) Enquirer's Cynthia Spencer, human resources director, and Ellen Leifeld, president and publisher,
who accepted the Diversity Award for the newspaper.
we continue to stress to our reporters, editors and producers that they get the facts right. In the
scramble to get the story, the basics of good journalism must not fall by the wayside. We cannot allow our integrity and credibility to be compromised by questionable reporting techniques.
Unfortunately, such was the case at The Cincinnati Enquirer in 1998. The news- paper published an apology and paid over $10 million to Chiquita Brands International after it was discovered a reporter illegally obtained information for an investiga- tive report on Chiquita. Needless to say, the reporter was fired immediately, and we have used this costly incident to further enforce our stance on journalistic ethics.
We continued to expand our online presence significantly in 1998. As of February 1999, 58 newspaper division publica- tions and operations, plus USA TODAY, are online with more than 200 individual products. Several are profitable.
USATODAY.com is the most-visited newspaper Web site. USATODAY.com turned profitable in September and earned a small profit in the last quarter of 1998. We will continue to look for ways to increase e-commerce opportu- nities and expand content in the year ahead.
Our television stations also had another good year in 1998 despite a bumpy advertising environment. They benefited from Super Bowl and Winter Olympics-related advertising in early 1998 and strong political advertising in the fall. However, the General Motors strike tempered results in the summer and we experienced softer overall non-political television advertising demand in the last quarter of 1998.
Looking ahead, we expect increased revenues and earnings, though at a more moderate rate reflecting the absence of any special events such as Olympics or elections in 1999. Viewing alternatives continue to proliferate, further segmenting the television audience, but we believe our strong focus on local news programming will continue to serve us well. While still in its infancy, digital television may bring opportunities to expand our products and services in the future.
In 1998 we acquired three television stations: WCSH, the NBC affiliate in Portland, Maine; WLBZ, the NBC affiliate in Bangor, Maine; and WLTX, the CBS affiliate in Columbia, S.C. Today, we
have 21 television stations covering 16.7 percent of U.S. households.
Our cable business, Multimedia Cablevision, expanded in August with the exchange of 128,000 subscribers in Kansas from
Tele-Communications, Inc. for 93,000 Multimedia Cablevision subscribers in suburban Chicago.
Multimedia Cablevision will launch digital cable ser- vice in Kansas and Oklahoma, helping us compete even more effectively with various direct satellite providers. Our cable division has also recently entered into an agreement with Roadrunner to provide high-speed Internet access to our cable subscribers in those markets. Both products are expected to produce additional profitable revenue streams in the future.
As the year progressed, we saw fewer and fewer acquisi- tion opportunities at prices that would permit attractive long-term returns for our shareholders. In the fall, with the stock market declining as recession fears took hold on Wall Street, we found that the most compelling investment opportunity for us was to repurchase Gannett stock. Compared to other media transactions, and our long- term view of our company, we found the stock price extreme- ly attractive. We repurchased approximately 6 million shares at a total cost of about $329 million. We will continue to evaluate additional share buybacks in 1999, relative to acquisition opportunities and other financial considerations.
1998 was a year of mixed rewards for Gannett share- holders. Although revenues

and earnings reached new records, our stock price did not reflect these results. However, over the last two years, our shareholders have enjoyed a 33 percent average annual return vs. 31 percent for the S&P 500. Over the longer term, if you had bought 100 shares of Gannett stock for $2,900 when the company went public in October 1967, those shares would have been worth $366,000 at the end of February 1999.
In 1999, we will break ground on the new Gannett/ USA TODAY headquarters facilities in Tysons Corner, Va. This project will provide definite long-term cost savings and more efficient space, especially for USA TODAY. We anticipate that the new facilities will meet our needs well into the future.
Some of you have asked about our readiness for the Year 2000 date change – the potential problems caused by computers unable to handle dates ending in “00.” In
early 1995, Gannett began addressing these concerns, and we’ve taken the necessary steps to ensure Y2K readi- ness. You’ll find further details about our Y2K project in the
 financial section of this report (see page 34).
The approach of the new millennium offers a unique opportunity for reflection. Gannett was founded in 1906 when Frank Gannett and his associates bought a half- interest in the Elmira (N.Y.) Gazette. As the 20th century progressed, so did Gannett, expanding beyond newspa- pers to become a diversified news and information leader – a company marked by innova- tion and enterprise. Even beyond our core business
of newspapers, television
and cable, today’s Gannett company offers more than meets the eye: We’re active players in the online industry; we’re among the pioneers entering the digital television era; and we’re using new technology to expand our cable services beyond traditional programming delivery.
As we look ahead to the promise of the future, we will continue to be faithful to the values and vision that have brought us so much success, while developing new ideas and strategies to enable us to better compete in a changing world.
    John J. Curley Douglas H. McCorkindale Chairman and Vice Chairman and President Chief Executive Officer
GANNETT’S
BASIC GAME PLAN
Business Definition
Gannett is a $5.1 billion news, information and communications company.
We operate with the belief that improving products and sound management
will lead to higher profits for our shareholders.
The underlying theme in our ads is: “A world of different voices where
freedom speaks.”
Our assets include:
• USATODAY;
• Daily and weekly community newspapers and specialty publications;
• Television stations and cable operations in many Top 25 and growth markets;
• Online news, information and advertising.
Strategic Vision
• Create and expand quality products through innovation;
• Make acquisitions in news, information and communications and related
fields that make strategic and economic sense.
Operating Principles
• Provideeffectiveleadershipandefficientmanagement.
• Achieve a positive return on new and acquired products and properties in
a reasonable period of time, while recognizing those with high growth
potential may take more time.
• Increase profitability and increase return on equity and investment over
the long term.
• Enhance the quality and editorial integrity of our products, recognizing that
quality products ultimately lead to higher profits.
• Guarantee respect for and fairness in dealing with employees.
• Offer a diverse environment where opportunity is based on merit.
• Show commitment and service to communities where we do business.
• Deliver customer satisfaction.
• Dispose of assets that have limited or no potential or where an offer has
been made that the Board of Directors believes is in the best interest of the
shareholders.
• In all activities, we show respect for the First Amendment and our
responsibility to it.
Gannett Annual Report
 5
 