 LETTER   TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2014: A BANNER YEAR
2014 was without a doubt one of the most exceptional years in Gannett’s 108-year history. We achieved a number of milestones, enhanced the offerings we provide to our audi- ences and clients, and successfully executed several important strate- gic acquisitions. But perhaps most importantly, 2014 was the year that all of our hard work to transform our business over the past three years came to fruition and the“New Gannett”– a higher margin, higher growth, and more diversified busi- ness positioned to compete fiercely in today’s multi-platform landscape – fully emerged.
One of our top headlines of the year was our decision to create two publicly traded companies: one exclusively focused on our Broad- cast and Digital businesses, and the second focused on our Publishing and affiliated digital businesses. Our overarching goal in separating our businesses is to have even sharper management focus on and dedicate capital and other resources to what matters most to each of those busi- nesses. By separating our businesses, each company will be better posi- tioned both financially and strategi- cally to grow and develop with fewer regulatory obstacles and to unlock more value for our shareholders.
As you’ve seen in our quarterly earnings reports, Gannett had an outstanding year, fueled by the exceptional work of our employees. Company-wide revenue increased by more than 16 percent driven by growth in our Broadcasting and Digital segments.The revenue growth far outpaced expense growth
reflecting our unwavering diligence in maximizing efficiency across each and every corner of our business. As a result, profitability improved dra- matically. We achieved a 43 percent jump in our Adjusted EBITDA to $1.5 billion, expanded our Adjusted EBITDA margin by approximately 460 basis points and reported free cash flow of $845 million in 2014.
As we write this letter, our stock has nearly tripled since we launched our transformation journey and our per- formance handily beat the S&P 500 and our peer group in the aggregate over the past three years.
MAJOR STEPS FORWARD
ON DIGITAL FRONT
Our exciting news on the digital front is clearly the acquisition of the remaining 73 percent interest that we didn’t already own in Cars.com. It is experiencing robust growth as mar- keters and advertisers continue to shift more of their spending toward digital solutions.This acquisition doubled the size of our digital port- folio and provides us with a highly strategic position within the ever important automotive vertical. With Cars.com in a position of strength in an industry anticipating significant tailwinds, there has never been a better time in Cars.com’s history for Gannett to take full ownership.
Cars.com has progressed from
a startup that supported the publish- ing businesses of its founding own- ers in 1998 into a widely-respected, industry-leading digital company serving approximately 20,000 deal- ers. From 2006 to 2013, revenue grew at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of almost 20 percent and EBITDA increased at a CAGR of almost 40 percent. As sole owner,
Gannett plans to accelerate this extraordinary growth and leverage all assets as we maximize the tight- knit relationships Gannett has been building in local communities for over a century.
We see many avenues for Cars.com and the rest of the dig-
ital portfolio to drive shareholder value in 2015 and beyond. Not only does full ownership of Cars.com provide strong financial returns, it gives Gannett an increased focus on two of the most crucial advertising verticals – automotive and talent management solutions. Recent growth for CareerBuilder has been driven primarily by innovation and the diversification of its products and services. In 2014, it acquired BroadBean, a leader in job distribu- tion, candidate sourcing and big data analytics software. This is the latest step in CareerBuilder’s evolution as the premier human resources Soft- ware as a Service (SaaS) provider, which enables CareerBuilder to give recruiters and human resources managers a faster, more convenient and more cost-effective way to acquire talent.
As we continue to connect with our local audiences in increasingly meaningful ways, we expect the digital portfolio will provide even greater value for shareholders.
BROADCASTING’S
EXPANDED PORTFOLIO STRENGTHENS COMPANY
Our Broadcasting segment had an outstanding year in 2014, achieving revenue of $1.7 billion – a historic high for Gannett. It was our first full year operating with our significantly expanded Broadcasting portfolio. We’ve added geographic and
2   ANNUAL REPORT

       GANNETT   IN THE DRIVER’S SEAT
As a minority owner for years before the recent acquisition, Gannett knew exactly what
it was getting when it purchased the remaining interest in Cars.com it didn’t already own. With approximately 30 million monthly visits, Cars.com is a leading independent research site for car shoppers, providing credible and easy-to-understand information from consumers and experts. Car buyers love going to Cars.com because the site provides them with
the information they need in an easily digestible way that makes shopping for
cars much less stressful. As auto marketers and advertisers rapidly shift their
spending to digital solutions, Cars.com, a top choice for consumers,
is poised to take a larger piece of an expanding pie. The potential
for growth is truly incredible.
                   ALL DRIVE. NO DRAMA.
ANNUAL REPORT   3

 LETTER   TO SHAREHOLDERS
network diversity, propelling us to an industry-leading position where we reach approximately one-third of all television households in the country. We continued to strengthen our portfolio throughout 2014, add- ing six stations in Texas. With this acquisition, Gannett now reaches 83% of all Texas households.
The astounding growth in our Broadcasting segment was driven
by several factors, including the strength of our stations, their ability to amplify every content and sales opportunity, the addition of the
new TV stations which further expanded our footprint across the U.S., and the exceptional advertising performances across our portfolio during coverage of the Olympics and political races in 2014. We achieved record political advertising revenues in a non-presidential election year
of $159 million – while revenues from the Winter Olympics in Sochi at our 17 owned or serviced NBC stations demonstrated an outstand- ing 65 percent growth over the
2010 Winter Games. From a ratings perspective, Gannett NBC stations, including those we service, took the top four spots in prime and the top three spots in every Olympic day part among major-market NBC stations within the most important demographic, adults 25 to 54. In prime time, KARE in Minneapolis- St. Paul was #1; KUSA in Denver,
#2; KGW in Portland, OR, #3; and KING in Seattle was #4. We also
saw very strong carry-over from prime time to late night news. We expect our retransmission revenue to continue to grow, given our scale and the strength of our stations. For 2014, we generated $362 million in retransmission revenue.
NATIONAL-TO-LOCAL STRATEGY DRIVES PUBLISHING SEGMENT
In Publishing, our U.S. Community Publishing (USCP) All Access Content Subscription model – now in its third year – has been tremen- dously successful and continues to be a driving force behind positive momentum in that segment, includ- ing the growth of digital subscribers. In fact, what we’ve learned from implementing our All Access Model has been the inspiration for our latest initiative: inserting national USA TODAY content editions into
35 of our local USCP publications, which has been a huge hit with audiences.
Customer response was over- whelmingly positive right off the bat, which was further confirmed by more formalized research later in the year. Nearly half of subscribers surveyed said they were more satis- fied than prior to the initiative. And perhaps more fascinating – certainly from our advertisers’ perspective
– is that one-third of our readers
are more engaged with their print products. In addition to delighting our subscribers, this initiative has allowed us to enjoy more flexibili-
ty with pricing and has yielded an increase in circulation revenue at U.S. publishing sites, significantly surpassing our original projections.
This initiative made a big splash by strengthening Gannett’s con- nection to its local news audiences, improving the publishing segment’s profitability and contributing to USA TODAY’s continued growth in overall daily circulation. For the second year in a row, the Alliance for Audited Media reported that USA TODAY was number one in total daily circulation in the United States,
with daily circulation increasing over 40 percent compared to 2013, to more than 4.1 million for the six months ending September 30, 2014.
In January 2015, we began syndicating the USA TODAY Local Edition to non-Gannett newspapers, with several newspapers taking the Weekend Life product. We’ve also created a Personal Finance product that newspapers across the U.S. have begun including.This is just the first step in USA TODAY’s content syndication strategy with its Local Edition product.
In November, Gannett’s U.K.- based Newsquest launched a market test for The National, a new Scottish daily publication. Initial demand for the product was higher than antici- pated and the print product was im- mediately profitable. Profitability at Newsquest more broadly improved in 2014 compared to 2013, supported primarily by a considerable increase in digital revenue and a continued focus on cost efficiencies.
Publishing will continue to enhance its digital platforms to strengthen its local franchises and will benefit from a well-advanced digital strategy with a leading port- folio of local marketing solutions, as well as content delivered on all platforms.
LOOKING AHEAD
By all accounts, our three year voyage to reshape and strengthen
all of our business segments has sur- passed expectations. In adapting to the digitization of the media space, we have aligned ourselves even more closely with the shifting needs of our audiences and our advertisers. The initiatives we have implement- ed over the course of this journey
4   ANNUAL REPORT

       GROWING AUDIENCES   THROUGH INNOVATION
Gannett employees are passionate about delivering outstanding, relevant content, growing audiences through innovation and leveraging our local to national reach. One great example is a partnership between The Des Moines Register and Gannett Digital. Together – in a journalistic first – they used a combination of traditional print coverage and emerging digital technologies, including emerging virtual reality technology, gaming technologies and 360-degree video,
to tell a powerful story about how the demographic, cultural, technological and economic changes transforming America are playing out in the lives of four Iowa farm families.
The series, called “Harvest of Change,” was published across many of Gannett’s other digital media properties. What makes this effort game-changing is its
ability to successfully merge strong reporting with emerging technologies
to enhance the impact of the story-telling and engage important new
audiences, including younger “Minecraft” audiences. The effort created a buzz at the Online News Association’s annual convention, where hundreds of journalists entered
Gannett’s “Harvest of Change” virtual reality stations.
      For three days the chairs were rarely empty.
      HARVEST OF CHANGE
ANNUAL REPORT   5

LETTER   TO SHAREHOLDERS
  REWARDING JOURNALISM
Three of our TV stations were among the winners of the prestigious
Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University
Awards, which honor excellence in broadcast, digital and documentary journalism. Of the four awards that went to local TV news investigations, three Gannett Broadcasting stations were honored for their work: KPNX, Phoenix, AZ; WLTX, Columbia, SC; and WTSP, Tampa-St. Petersburg, FL.
way, bringing each of our businesses to new heights as we prepare to take the next big step in our transforma- tion – the separation of our company – and all of our core businesses are up for the challenge.
At the foundation of it all are
our highly committed, determined employees who make Gannett the successful organization that it is and who are committed to our purpose: serving the greater good of the com- munities we serve. The relationships we share with local communities, the connections we’ve forged with people and the partnerships we’ve solidified with our business partners have all been fueled by the hard work and unmatched talent of the entire Gannett team.
We are passionate about delivering the absolute best to our customers and business partners, and we are passionate about delivering shareholder value. As we enter 2015 and turn the page on a new chapter in the Gannett story, we look forward to delivering the reliable value you’ve come to expect from our company. We thank you, as always, for your continued trust, loyalty and support.
Marjorie Magner,
Chairman of the Board
Gracia Martore,
President and Chief Executive Officer
 have given each of our businesses the scale, strength and credibility to stand out among its peers, setting the stage for the separation of our businesses.
At Gannett, we pride ourselves on precisely this type of innovation. We are always looking for fresh ways to strengthen ties both with our local communities and our na- tional audience by giving them the news and information they crave. Because we are so focused on giving our audiences exactly what they want – whenever, wherever, howev- er they want it – our platforms are even more attractive to advertisers, improving profitability and creating value for shareholders.
At the same time, we also pride ourselves on delivering outstanding journalism – trusted journalism – which is what our audiences expect from us. This year, as in years past, our media organizations have been honored by their peers for their ex- ceptional work. The list of top awards earned is long – from George Polk,
Peabody and Edward R. Murrow awards to Alfred I. duPont awards and a Pulitzer Prize. We don’t pursue great journalism to win awards; rather, these honors are a result of our journalists’ deeply rooted passion to serve the greater good through their work. We are extremely proud of our journalists and all of our media organizations and applaud their 2014 winning efforts to make a difference in their communities.
As we move into 2015 and think about Gannett’s future, we will continue to strive for greatness. The Gannett family – our employees, our shareholders, our audiences and all our other stakeholders – has a lot to look forward to in the coming years.
We are energized by the planned separation of our businesses later in 2015. We have supported each of our business segments as they rethink the way they connect with their audi- ences, enhance advertising offerings, and challenge our employees in new and exciting ways. Everyone on the Gannett team has responded in a big
           6   ANNUAL REPORT
