Change was the word most spoken at Gannett in
2005: change in leadership, change in the
industry, change in the way we approach our
business. It was an important, exciting and interesting
year at Gannett – and 2006 promises to be even better. First, we welcomed a new president and CEO
from within our own ranks. Craig A. Dubow, who was president of our Broadcast Division, was elected by the Board of Directors in May and took office in July. He
dug in immediately, traveling around the company and talking to employees about the future of Gannett and the dynamics in the media industry.
Also new to their jobs, but not the company, are Sue Clark-Johnson, president of the Newspaper Division,
and Roger Ogden, CEO and president of the Broadcast Division, taking over for Craig.
These changes brought new perspectives and
approaches at a time when the industry was ramping up
its transformation to a 21st Century, all-the-informationyou- want, whenever-you-want-it world. And Gannett
was right in the thick of things, making a series of interesting acquisitions and investments, and refocusing
our attention on this new, faster, more customer-centric approach.
By the end of the year, we had decided to create a
new position – President of Gannett Digital – and
Jack Williams, also one of our own, was named to the
post in early January 2006.
Through all the changes, we continued to do what
we do best: produce strong results. Operating revenues from continuing operations for 2005 rose 4.3 percent to
a record $7.6 billion. We achieved these results despite
a subdued advertising environment and comparisons to 2004, when we had more than $120 million in political
and Olympics-related ad demand.
Our operating cash flow was $2.32 billion. That
was despite the tough advertising environment in the
U.K., lack of political and Olympics revenues on the Broadcasting side and higher interest and newsprint
costs. This reflects our ongoing, strict management practices and efforts to keep costs in line with revenues. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations
for the year were $4.92, compared with $4.84 in 2004. These results were among the best in the industry.
We did this by keeping our focus not only on what we wanted to achieve but also on how we could achieve it.
In 2005, for instance, we made great use of our free

cash flow by buying back approximately 17.6 million shares of stock because, given our stock price, we felt that was the best investment around.
We also understand we need always to move forward and adapt to the world around us. In 2005, that meant LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman,
with Craig A. Dubow, President and CEO
making smart acquisitions and advancing the way we deliver information, sell ads and find new audiences. Gannett’s acquisitions in 2005 ranged from very
traditional to the newest of the new media.
In our core business, HomeTown Communications
Network brought to Gannett one daily, 62 non-dailies, telephone directories, Web sites and other specialty and niche publications in Michigan, Ohio and northern Kentucky.
Also on the core side was the complex transaction in August that resulted in Gannett’s acquisition of the
Detroit Free Press and Knight Ridder’s departure from
the market; the acquisition by MediaNews Group of The Detroit News from Gannett and the formation of the
Detroit Newspaper Partnership, L.P. In the end, these changes were a true plus for Detroit. The city kept its
two newspapers, with their competing editorial voices. Detroit also is reaping the benefits of our new $177 million press facility. Gannett, too, was a winner. We took
over the larger paper and obtained a clearer role in dayto- day management of the papers’ back-office operations.
Also in August, Gannett acquired the Tallahassee
(Fla.) Democrat (and some cash) from Knight Ridder
in exchange for The Idaho Statesman in Boise and two papers in Washington: The Olympian and The
Bellingham Herald.
In the United Kingdom, Newsquest acquired
Exchange & Mart and Auto Exchange, two non-daily publications that expanded its advertising reach. Both
deal heavily in auto sales, with Exchange & Mart the third-most-visited motoring classified Web site.
On Christmas, the last day of fiscal 2005, Gannett completed another transaction with MediaNews Group. This one expanded the Texas-New Mexico Newspapers Partnership to include both companies’ papers in Pennsylvania. With the change, Gannett turned management of the partnership over to MediaNews.
On the digital, new media side, Gannett made a
series of intriguing high-tech investments and acquisitions in 2005 and early 2006.
First was Topix.net, a news aggregator with a unique technology that finds and categorizes news into 300,000 topics, searching down to ZIP code level. Gannett,

Knight Ridder and Tribune acquired a 75 percent stake in the company.
Gannett also acquired PointRoll, a rich media marketing company with a technology that lets advertisers
expand their space online. When clicked on, an ad using PointRoll technology reveals a second layer with additional information. By year’s end, PointRoll and ShopLocal,
a company acquired by Gannett and its partners in 2004, were working together to provide national ads that link to
“We also understand we need always to move
forward and adapt to the world around us. In 2005,
that meant making smart acquisitions and advancing
the way we deliver information, sell ads and
find new audiences.”
3
local merchants, achieving synergy and scale.
We added to the mix in early 2006 a mobile search
company called 4INFO, in which Gannett acquired a minority interest. Along with a marketing and distribution deal for all our newspapers, this will expand our
ability to provide search and local news.
Each of these new media ventures delivered to
Gannett skills and competencies that will serve the
company well as we move more deeply into the new
media marketplace and reach out to more and different customers.
On the subject of our customers, Gannett began in
2005 revising the way we determine our impact in any
one community. The audience aggregation project grew
out of the realization the industry is not measuring our
reach in a way that is meaningful to advertisers. It’s significant because Gannett has numerous products
in any one community, including a daily newspaper, non-dailies, Web sites and, in the case of Phoenix, a television station.
Our pilot studies show we can reach more than 75
percent of the people in a community – and that we can target advertisements to different segments of the population in multiple products. Measuring audience in this
way is more valuable to advertisers, and more closely approximates the measurement standards used by TV and the Internet. Our next step in 2006 will be to acquire this audience aggregation data for more than 30 newspapers. The project demonstrates that measuring circulation
alone is no longer an adequate way to measure our

reach in a community. Efforts to grow circulation continued in 2005, with projects designed to convince subscribers to pay by credit card over longer periods. These efforts successfully counter the aftereffects of the Do Not Call Registry and the decline in telemarketing
as a way to sell our products. We’ve doubled the number of EZ-Pay customers and our retention rates are up across the board.
At the same time, efforts to expand our ability to sell
ads across multiple platforms continue. The Advertising Matrix and its nephew, the Bundle Wizard for smaller papers, allow advertisers to make one buy for multiple products.
Meanwhile, users of Gannett’s online products have steadily increased over the years – last year by more
than 12 percent, year over year. This has led to a
growth in our online revenues to more than $300 million
in 2005. Our Broadcast group saw online unique
users grow by more than 40 percent from the end of
2004 to the end of 2005.
Part of the reason for the growth, other than having
a smart business plan and managing carefully, are the LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
4
innovative approaches we have taken on various Web
sites. Streaming video on the Web plays a big part of
that.
At www.delawareonline.com for instance, residents
of the Wilmington area can see a twice-daily video newscast – a novelty for a community that has no local
TV station. The newscast originates right in the heart of The News Journal’s newsroom, and is changing perceptions of our ability to gather and disseminate news.
Phoenix’s azcental.com also has a newscast on the
Web, but one produced by Gannett’s KPNX-TV. Azcentral.com is the combined Web site for KPNX
and The Arizona Republic, and its popularity has soared
in the past year. The site had more than 115 million
visitors in 2005 who viewed more than a quarter of a billion pages. Advertising on azcentral.com along with
the newspaper extends the reach of the ad by more than
5 percentage points, our studies show. And if you are seeking the all important 25-34 demographic, the reach
is extended by 8.7 percentage points.
KARE-TV in Minneapolis has taken two of its
popular shows from its regular broadcast and is
showing them on the Web. “Prep Sports Extra” –
broadcast for 22 years on regular TV – is winning new viewers online, as is the station’s “whatever” show, now
on whatevershow.com.

More projects such as these are likely across the company in the coming months.
Online is also where we’ve found considerable
success with our business partners, Knight Ridder and Tribune. CareerBuilder.com has grown its revenue by 75 percent since early 2005 – thanks in part to the engaging, award-winning ads with chimpanzees that ran during the Super Bowl in early 2005 and again in 2006. Other sites jointly owned by the companies – ShopLocal.com, cars.com and apartments.com – remain solid revenue generators.
In Broadcasting, we continue the rollout of high-definition newscasts. In addition to KUSA in Denver, which launched HD in 2004, we brought online Washington, D.C.’s, WUSA in 2005. Atlanta’s WXIA and St. Louis’ KSDK soon followed in early 2006. More stations will make the conversion as we move through 2006.
Always behind Gannett’s success online, in newspapers and on TV, is the quality of the content we provide. Awards are just one way to demonstrate quality, and Gannett won plenty in 2005 – more than 900 local, state, regional, national and international prizes. Among them were the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning for The Courier-Journal in Louisville, Ky. – Gannett’s second year in a row winning the Editorial Cartooning Pulitzer.
5
“Part of the reason for the growth, other than having a smart business plan and managing carefully, are the innovative approaches we have taken on
various Web sites. Streaming video on the Web plays a big part of that.”
Jerry Mitchell, whose coverage of civil rights for
The Clarion-Ledger in Jackson, Miss., has been highly praised for years, won the prestigious John Chancellor Award for Excellence in Journalism. Mitchell’s reporting led most recently to the conviction of Edgar Ray Killen for the 1964 murders of three civil rights workers.
USA TODAY’s Susan Page was honored by the
White House Correspondents’ Association with its Aldo Beckman award for stories on the presidency and the presidential campaign. WTLV/WJXX-TV in Jacksonville, Fla., won a National Edward R. Murrow Award for the series “Girl Without a Face.”

All in all, we’re pretty proud of what we did in
2005 – despite the tough advertising environment in
the U.K., rising costs of healthcare and newsprint, the
lack of regulatory change hampering our industry and,
of course, the hurricanes.
Katrina’s devastation across the Gulf Coast did not
leave Gannett unscathed. The staff at our Hattiesburg
(Miss.) American was hit the hardest among the group, managing nevertheless to produce and deliver the newspaper. Among the staff were great heroics and sacrifice
in the midst of suffering great personal hardships. By
the end of the year, the paper and its people were back
on track.
Across the country, Gannett television stations and newspapers raised more than $5 million for hurricane
relief in the days after the storm.
Looking ahead, we expect great things for Gannett in
2006. The year marks our centennial: founder Frank E. Gannett acquired half of the Elmira (N.Y.) Gazette on
June 6, 1906. The kind of innovative spirit that produces
a Hattiesburg, a top-notch award or a Wilmington
Webcast will be brought to bear for Gannett as we
continue to find new and wonderful ways to address our customers’ needs in an ever-changing media world.
You will see great innovation and energy in your
company as we move into the second half of the decade
and begin our second hundred years.
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Douglas H. McCorkindale,
Chairman
6
Craig A. Dubow,
President and CEO
