2 TARGET 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 To Our Shareholders
In 2010, Target embraced innovation to drive strong financial performance and create new opportunities for profitable growth. Our enduring “Expect More. Pay Less.” brand promise helped us deliver greater convenience, increased savings and a more personalized shopping experience. As
a result, we further strengthened our relationship with our guests and generated $67.4 billion in revenue, even in a slow and uneven economic recovery.
Through disciplined execution across the company, net earnings grew to $2.9 billion, 17.3 percent above 2009. Diluted earnings per share rose even more quickly, growing 21.4 percent to $4.00, as we reduced our outstanding shares by 40.6 million during the year. And, we sustained our decades-long record of annual dividend increases, with a 47 percent increase of our quarterly dividend to 25 cents per share. Combining dividends with share repurchase, we returned $3.1 billion to our shareholders in 2010.
By listening to our guests, we’re making the Target brand experience more personal, relevant and rewarding than ever. For example:
      •
To create a shopping experience guests can’t find anywhere else, we remodeled 341 general merchandise stores in 2010, far more than any other year in our history. These remodels added a broader grocery assortment, along with our latest merchandising innovations across the store, including home, beauty, electronics, video games and shoes. By year-end, we were operating
462 general merchandise locations with our expanded fresh food assortment, and we have plans to complete approximately 380 remodels in 2011.
Our REDcard Rewards program now offers an additional 5 percent discount nearly every time guests use their Target debit and credit cards at our stores and their Target credit card at Target.com, attracting our most loyal guests to shop at Target even more often.
To underscore our commitment to value and appeal to our guests’ new frugality, we reinvented or expanded several of our owned brand assortments, including Room
   To help guests find new ways to save, we enhanced REDCARD REWARDS. Cardholders now save 5 percent off nearly every item, which is driving
sales through higher card issuance and usage.
We are rapidly expanding
MOBILE AND WEB SOLUTIONS for our
guests, giving them greater convenience by allowing them to shop from just about anywhere in the world. Mobile Commerce Daily named Target “2010 Mobile Retailer of the Year.”
•
•

Essentials in home, Circo in children’s apparel and accessories, and up & up in both healthcare and household essentials. And our Low Price Promise continued to provide our guests with the assurance that we’ll match competitors’ advertised prices on similar items.
• We continue to evolve our marketing to reflect both the realities and aspirations of our guests’ lives. For instance, our popular Life’s a Moving Target television spots further strengthened our guests’ affinity for Target.
• We’re creating industry-leading mobile applications and web strategies—including the upcoming launch of our new Target.com site this summer—offering a Target experience that fits guests’ lives and shopping styles, whether in store, at home or on the go.
In addition to our initiatives to drive sales and gain share
in existing markets, we’re looking to grow our guest base and enter new markets through a dynamic growth portfolio. In January 2011 we announced an important step in our company’s history as we outlined plans to extend our brand beyond the United States for the first time by opening 100 to 150 Target stores in Canada in 2013 and 2014. Domestically, we continue to expand our presence by opening strategically and financially attractive stores using our traditional formats, while also pursuing opportunities for a smaller-format store in dense urban markets.
Beyond driving these critical business initiatives, our team continues to engage vigorously in our broader community commitments. In September, we announced plans to make the largest single charitable donation in Target’s history: $500 million by the end of 2015 to support education,
and in December, we announced Target’s first-ever public sustainability commitments. We also continue to focus on well-being for our team members, their families and our communities, and on delivering an employment experience that team members love and candidates seek. In addition, safety and preparedness and responsible sourcing remain key facets of our commitment to high ethical standards and strong communities.
These are very exciting times for Target, and our outlook
has never been brighter, due, in large part, to the hard work, ingenuity and unbounded energy of our talented team, which comprises more than 350,000 diverse team members around the world. By continuing to embrace our long-standing company values, and consistently affirming our commitment to innovation and operational excellence, we are confident Target will drive continued prosperity and create meaningful value for our shareholders for many years to come.
Gregg Steinhafel | Chairman, President and CEO, Target
Board of Directors Changes: During the past year, Richard Kovacevich, former chairman and CEO of Wells Fargo & Company, retired from our board of directors. We thank Dick for his contributions during his 14 years of service.
As we strive to continuously reinvent the retail shopping experience, we REMODELED nearly one out of every five Target stores, adding more fresh food and merchandising innovations.
TARGET 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3
     