2
to our shareholders
In a year of unprecedented challenges, our unwavering commitment to innovation and discipline ensured continued relevance with our guests and positioned Target to deliver stronger than expected financial results.
As consumers modified their shopping behavior in 2009 in light of overwhelming uncertainty, Target remained focused on initiatives to deliver a superior guest experience, drive growth, enhance gross margin and profitability, improve expense management and invest capital productively. For example:
• We added our PFresh design to more than 100 new and remodeled stores, providing an expanded assortment of dry, dairy, frozen and perishable food in our general merchandise format;
• We allocated more space to traffic-driving categories in our stores and marketing;
• We leveraged the power of our owned brands by repositioning our household essentials brand, more clearly articulating the value in our offerings and introducing new, high-quality assortments as national brand alternatives;
• We worked diligently to remove the price perception gap by intro- ducing our Low Price Promise and reinforcing our exceptional pricing through competitive shopping, in-store signing and advertising;
• We provided a continuous pipeline of new and exclusive merchandise at exceptional values to surprise and delight our guests;
• We carefully controlled our expenses without compromising our brand or our guests’ shopping experience;
• We prudently invested capital in new stores, remodels and infra- structure, maintaining ample liquidity in a difficult environment and generating record cash flow;
   With the successful relaunch
of Target Brand as up & up, we established a compelling new identity for our core commodities brand that delivers on our “Expect More. Pay Less.” brand promise.
We improved Target.com navigation to promote cross-channel shopping. More free shipping promotions
and the introduction of Daily Deals reinforce our commitment to exceptional value.
  
• And, we thoughtfully managed our investment in credit card receivables, delivering solid profitability even as other issuers continued to report losses.
As a result, our revenues in 2009 rose 0.6 percent to $65.4 billion, and we were able to translate this top-line performance into net earnings of $2.5 billion, a 12.4 percent increase. Diluted earnings per share for the year grew 15.2 percent to $3.30. These results reflect the strongest retail segment profit in our history and solid profitability in our credit card portfolio. In addition, they clearly demonstrate the resilience of our strategy, the effectiveness of our operating model, and the power of strong execution by our team.
In 2010, we continue to bring a fresh approach to all aspects of our business. We’re intensifying our commitment to make Target the place to shop, the place to work and the place to invest. Aligned with a common purpose, we’re working with passion and speed to delight our guests every day and taking thoughtful risks to generate profitable growth.
To reinforce Target as a one-stop shopping destination, our plans include further expanding our PFresh food layout into approximately 350 additional stores, as well as incorporating other merchandise innovations in Home, Beauty, Video Games, Electronics and Shoes.
We are exploring opportunities to make Target accessible to more guests by evolving our store format for dense urban markets, continuing to expand in metropolitan trade areas and examining possibilities for international expansion.
We are also expanding the mobile capabilities and solutions available to our guests, providing greater convenience by allowing them to shop anywhere, anytime.
And, we are building on our foundation as a highly desirable workplace with a heritage of strong community involvement by offering new programs that help our team members and their families improve their overall well-being and by providing greater support for educational opportunities that benefit children.
We are proud of the innovation and operational excellence throughout Target that delivered outstanding performance in 2009, even in the face of significant challenges. As a result, we believe that Target is stronger and better positioned to deliver profitable market share growth in 2010 and generate substantial value for our shareholders well into the future.
Gregg Steinhafel | Chairman, President and CEO | Target
Board of Directors Changes
During the past year, George Tamke, Partner, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc., retired from our board of directors. We thank George for his contributions during his 11 years of service. Also during the past year, we welcomed to our board John Stumpf, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wells Fargo & Company.
We support the communities
in which we do business by donating 5% of our income toward education, the arts, social services and volunteerism.
    Our
Low Price
 Promise
In July, we rolled out our Low Price Promise nationwide, explicitly communicating that Target
stores are committed to being competitively priced on identical items in local markets.
3
  Our store design allows us flexibility to meet our guests’ ever- changing needs and expectations— from our SuperTarget stores, to our general merchandise stores with expanded food assortments, to our unique elevated single-level plan for urban markets.
