 To Our Shareholders,
  Our performance in 2000 demonstrates the strength
of our brands, the soundness of our overall strategy and the value of our financial disciplines.
In a difficult environment, we achieved solid financial results: a 9.5 percent increase in annual revenues
to $36.9 billion and a 13.1 percent gain in earnings per share (9.2 percent compared with 1999 earnings per share before unusual items) to $1.38. In addition:
• We continued to invest in new Target discount
stores and SuperTarget growth, further
expanding our market share.
• We aggressively repurchased shares of our
common stock, reflecting our ongoing
commitment to creating shareholder value.
• We engineered a strong profit recovery at
Mervyn’s through improved merchandising
and adept inventory management.
• And, we devoted significant resources to build
and further strengthen both our Internet and financial services businesses.
Though we under-performed our long-term growth objectives in 2000, and the economic environment in 2001 remains uncertain, we are confident in our underlying strategy and growth potential. By leveraging the power of our Target brand, we believe that we can continue to deliver strong growth and financial success for many years to come.
 Store Growth As a corporation, our greatest opportunity for future growth is the continued expansion of our Target Stores division. In 2000, through a combination of discount stores and supercenter stores, Target opened 65 net new locations and added net square footage of more than 9 percent, or nearly 10 million square feet.
We continued to increase our presence in newer markets along the East coast, and we built back stores in our more mature markets throughout the rest
of the country. We believe that this effort to densify major metropolitan areas—even extremely well- established markets such as Minneapolis/St. Paul — presents an important opportunity for us to serve more guests, gain market share, improve profitability and create shareholder wealth. In 2001, we plan
to increase our U.S. penetration, adding more than 10 percent, on a net basis, to Target’s year-end 2000 square footage. Included in this 2001 store- opening program are 30 or more SuperTarget locations, representing about one-half of our incremental square feet and a doubling of our supercenter store count. As evidenced by this rapid expansion, SuperTarget is expected to be a key contributor to our near-term and long-term growth.
In recent years, we have become increasingly flexible in our site selection and store design— without compromising our Target brand or our financial disciplines. By successfully replicating
our guest experience in more unique locations, we have significantly expanded our growth horizons. Reflecting this confidence, we announced our intent
08 | 09

 earlier this year to purchase 35 former Montgomery Wards stores. This acquisition provides an excellent opportunity for Target to secure prime real estate
in a large number of premier markets, including California, where sufficient, desirable property is particularly difficult to find. We intend to extensively renovate these stores to ensure that they fully reflect our Target brand, and expect the majority of these locations to open as Target stores during 2002.
Other Growth In addition to store expansion, the growth of our Target Stores division is propelled by our ability to protect and enhance our distinct brand character. We strive to provide our guests with a shopping experience that is consistently better than, and different from, their experiences at our competi- tors’ stores. By offering innovative, well-designed merchandise, compelling prices and clean, attract- ive stores, we deliver the excitement and value
that our guests expect and demand. In 2000,
we introduced Philips Kitchen Appliances, Martex domestics and Liz Claiborne fashions, among
other brands; and in 2001, our assortment of new, exclusive products includes Mossimo apparel, Waverly home furnishings and Eddie Bauer camping gear. Our commitment to constantly renew and refresh our offering, and satisfy the lifestyle needs of our guests, enhances our brand and fuels our continued growth.
Combined with Target’s operational consistency, this unique brand positioning also provides the foundation for extending our brand through the Internet and financial services initiatives. For example,
 by capturing the synergies inherent in building com- plementary web-based and store-based strategies, our target.direct team continues to expand both the merchandise offering and functionality of our on-line business, providing the differentiated assortment, great prices, unique marketing, and fast, fun and friendly service that are at the heart of our Target store strategy. As a result, we are driving substan- tially increased guest visits and sales at target.com and expect traffic to our site to triple in 2001.
We are also increasingly using the Internet as
the platform for improving communications and facilitating commerce with our business partners.
As a founding member of the WorldWide Retail Exchange, we believe that the technology and infrastructure available through this channel will enhance our efficiency and ultimately enable us to deliver more value to our guests and our shareholders.
Similarly, our financial services, including our credit card operations, are integral components of our overall strategy and meaningful contributors to our annual revenue and profit growth. Over the past five years, pre-tax contribution from this business has grown at a compound annual rate of 17 percent and our return on investment has also risen sharply. To sustain this growth, we continue to reinforce
the use of our own proprietary cards as the preferred method of payment by investing in guest loyalty and rewards programs at all three of our retail segments. In addition, we are expanding our offering of gift cards; providing access to integrated banking, brokerage and investment planning services through

 our alliance with E*Trade; and leveraging guest interactions throughout our organization to create
a comprehensive database that will help us strengthen our long-term relationship with our guests. We are also piloting an enhanced Target Card with greater utility and universal acceptance throughout the Visa network. While we are still evaluating this test initiative, the early results are promising and
we believe that it may offer another avenue of potential growth for Target.
Target Corporation reflects our core belief that our three retail segments are far more similar than they are different, and that scale matters. Though our two smaller retail divisions represent 20 percent or less of the corporation today, we believe that their combined contribution to our overall strategy and financial performance remains important. As a result, we are taking steps to leverage the power of these brands and strengthen their position in the marketplace.
To operate our traditional department stores with
a single identity, we are changing the names of our Dayton’s and Hudson’s stores to Marshall Field’s. This more widely-recognized name preserves our commitment to fashion leadership and superior guest service, and reinforces our long heritage as
an admired department store institution. It also gives us the ability to launch an on-line gift registry with
a coherent, unified vision in 2001. At Mervyn’s, we are focused on executing our “Big Brands. Small Prices.” strategy and maintaining our 2000 profit momentum. Mervyn’s highly-branded, middle-market
 assortment and promotional pricing complement the offerings at Target and Marshall Field’s. Together, Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s generate approximately $500 million in net pre-tax cash flow annually.
In addition, the added scale of these two divisions contributes to our overall performance by allowing us to leverage important resources, such as our credit expertise and systems investment, and increase the efficiency and profitability of our total organization.
As we look to the future, we believe that our corporation is well-positioned to meet near-term economic challenges and continue to grow and prosper. We are confident in the strategy of our core businesses and excited about the new opportunities that will fuel our growth in coming years. Over time, we expect to achieve our objective of generating
15 percent or more in average annual earnings per share growth and we remain committed to delivering superior returns to our shareholders.
Sincerely,
  Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 10 | 11
