  To Our Shareholders:
Our financial performance in 2007 fell short of our expectations as the pace of sales and earnings growth in the first six months slowed considerably in the second half of the year. Overall, revenues in 2007 grew 6.5 percent to $63.4 billion and diluted earnings per share increased 3.9 percent to $3.33.
As we faced the challenges posed by an increasingly difficult economy, we remained focused on disciplined execution of the core elements of our business and continued to invest thoughtfully in our growth. Specifically,
• We opened 118 new stores, including 33 SuperTarget stores, to offer more guests a uniquely relevant Target shopping experience in convenient, attractive, easy-to-shop stores;
• We continued to invest in technology and infrastructure, including implementation of enhanced guest-service systems and construction of new perishable-food and general merchandise distribution centers and our second Target.com fulfillment center;
• We positioned Target Sourcing Services as global sourcing experts to deliver the consistently trend-forward, high-quality, affordable merchandise that symbolizes the Target brand, and we continued our disciplined commitment to the safety of our guests by expanding our multistage testing process to enable earlier testing of our owned-brand products, such as luggage, toys and children’s products;
• We offered a broad array of products to meet our guests’ wants and needs, including limited-time-only fashion from emerging designers, an upgraded assortment of digital electronics, a growing selection in food and pharmacy and a variety of sustainable products across many categories, including certified organic bedding and natural cleaning products;
• And, we strengthened our one-of-a-kind brand by continuing to offer a compelling online presence through Target.com, by offering the many benefits of REDcards which continue their outstanding record of profitability, and by creating a succession of uniquely innovative marketing campaigns.
While we were disappointed in our 2007 results, we remain confident in the relevance of our strategy, the strength of our brand, the dedication of our talented team and in our ability to continue to deliver strong profitable growth over time. We believe we are well-positioned for more rapid growth in 2008 and beyond.
This belief is founded in our Expect More. Pay Less. promise to our guests, which is a guiding principle behind every decision we make as a company. It is the expression of our commitment to exceptional quality, accessible design at a superior value, and doing business in a way that goes far beyond the products we sell. Each element of our strategy is thoughtfully conceived, and every decision we make reinforces the uniquely Target experience that is our competitive advantage.
As we look ahead, we will remain focused on the fundamentals of our business while continuing to pursue innovative solutions and establish new best practices throughout the company. Specifically, in 2008, we are diligently working to drive top-line growth and thoughtfully manage our expenses. By prioritizing our investments and focusing our resources on areas that increase speed and efficiency, and reduce work and cost, while preserving our brand and overall shopping experience for our guests, we will rise above the current economic challenges.
We will also remain committed to providing a workplace that is preferred by our team members and investing in the communities where we do business to improve the quality of life. Our long history of giving is reflected in the ways we serve our communities, including team member volunteerism and giving more than three million dollars a week in charitable contributions to education, the arts and social services.
Target also has a long history of strong corporate governance, and this disciplined stewardship and commitment to strategic continuity is evident as Target transitions to new leadership in 2008. Gregg Steinhafel’s tremendous experience, combined with his passion and unwavering devotion to the Target brand, make him an outstanding choice to be our next chief executive officer.
The strength of this company’s reputation and performance is attributable to Target brand managers throughout the world whose talent and dedication consistently bring our Expect More. Pay Less. brand promise to life for our guests and sustain our unique competitive advantage. By maintaining a steadfast commitment to delight our guests in every store, every day, Target will continue to grow and prosper for many years to come!
Sincerely,
  8
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

  To Our Shareholders:
Bob Ulrich’s leadership has been instrumental in defining the Target brand, driving our growth and establishing our position as a leader in the industry. I have been fortunate to have had the opportunity to learn from him, and I am honored to lead the next phase of growth at Target.
Our future success depends on our continued ability to fulfill our Expect More. Pay Less. brand promise with passion and discipline, and deliver outstanding value for our guests, team members, shareholders and communities. To maintain our unique position in the marketplace, we must consistently deliver the differentiated brand experience that has driven our success for decades.
Our legacy of balancing continuous innovation with skillful execution positions us well for the challenges of the future. We know we cannot meet our guests’ needs tomorrow by providing the same solutions we offer today. While the guardrails of our strategy remain firm, we recognize the importance of having the flexibility and foresight to continually adjust and refine our tactics, and take the calculated risks that will make us faster, more efficient and better able to offer a differentiated shopping experience that will ensure our relevance as we grow.
We remain firmly focused on our brand promise as we strive for continuous improvement in everything we do.
• To ensure we are offering the right products when and where our guests want them, we are working to balance our overall efficiency with the unique needs of our guests by effectively segmenting our supply chain and assortments with localized strategies.
• To drive continued profitable market share growth, we are committed to efficient expense management with focused attention on both delivering results today and preparing for our future.
• And to provide a consistent flow of fresh, unexpected merchandise at incredible values, we continue to enhance our exclusive owned brands, signature national brands and designer assortments.
As we move into the next chapter of our growth, we remain proud of our heritage and excited about our future. We know we have the right strategy for Target. We value the strength of our brand, and the talent of our team. Our collective passion for our guests, team members, shareholders and communities makes us uniquely Target—and will guide us toward a successful future built on our successful past.
Sincerely,
Gregg Steinhafel, President
   Board of Directors Changes
During the past year, Warren Staley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cargill, Inc. retired from our board of directors. We thank Warren for his contributions during his six years of service. Also during the past year, we welcomed to our board Mary Dillon, Executive Vice President & Global Chief Marketing Officer of McDonald’s Corp., and Derica Rice, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of Eli Lilly & Company.
9
