 To Our Shareholders
  For decades, Target Corporation has been guided by principles, and devoted to strategies, that are intended to enhance our long-term financial performance and success. We have maintained a steadfast commitment to initiatives that fuel consistent growth over time because we believe that managing our business
this way continues to generate substantial value for our shareholders.
  At Target Stores, which now represents more than 90 percent of our total pretax segment profit, our vision is clear and unwavering, reinforced by the strength and consistency of our financial results and the power of our brand. Target continues to enjoy strong market share gains and significant increases in profitability.
At Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s, our path is less clear. In March, we announced plans to review strategic alternatives for both of these divisions, including, but not limited to, the possible sale of one or both divisions to existing retailers or other qualified buyers. Arriving at this decision was not easy or hasty. We have dedi- cated significant effort to increasing sales and profits at Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s over many years and we continue to believe that both of these businesses are valuable as ongoing operations. Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s have been important contributors to Target Corporation’s overall strategy and financial performance for decades — providing fashion leadership, manage- ment talent, and financial services expertise as well as significant cash flow that has allowed us the luxury of simultaneously pursuing terrific growth opportunities for our Target Stores division, while maintaining both a balanced capital structure and strong investment
grade debt ratings. Additionally, these businesses have provided critical scale benefits to the Corporation, allowing us to leverage our fixed costs across a much larger retail organization. In recent years, however, both of these divisions have experienced considerable challenges to their top-line growth, resulting in unfavor- able trends in their financial performance. While each of these businesses continues to generate meaningful profits and substantial positive cash flow, the absolute amounts are much lower than their historical levels.
As stewards of the Corporation’s assets, our senior management team and our Board of Directors remain intently focused on our responsibilities to our share- holders, our team members, our guests and the communities we serve. While we believe that it is appropriate to identify and evaluate possible strategic alternatives for Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s, it is not clear that our review will result in either division being sold. Despite this uncertainty, we remain confident that Target Corporation is well-positioned to build on our record of outstanding performance and to generate profitable growth and superior shareholder value in 2004 and well into the future.
1

In 2003, Target Corporation delivered $2.01 in earn- ings per share, reflecting another year of double-digit growth, primarily due to contributions from Target’s merchandise operations and the Target Visa portfolio. These contributions reflect continued strategic invest- ments in our business that reinforce and enhance our brand and increase our guests’ satisfaction. For example:
• To provide greater guest convenience, Target con- structed 101 total new stores during 2003. Net of relocations and closings, this store opening program included 54 net new discount locations and 24 new SuperTarget stores, amounting to 12.3 million net new square feet, an increase of 8.8 percent.
• We refined our emphasis on “Wants and Needs” within our merchandise assortment and our market- ing campaigns in order to give our guests more reasons to shop at Target more often and to generate higher sales.
 “As we move into 2004 and beyond, we continue to challenge ourselves to seize new oppor- tunities to delight our guests
— to offer more fashion and differentiation, greater value, reliability and convenience, quicker delivery of new product and faster, friendlier service —
in short, to do what we have always done, but better.”
 • We added more new distribution capacity than we have ever added in a single year—four new regional distribution centers and two new import warehouses — to improve the efficiency, consistency and speed of flowing products to our stores.
• We implemented hundreds of new technology appli- cations and installed thousands of pieces of hardware throughout our organization to make our guests’ experience more rewarding and to make our team members’ work environment more productive and more fun.
• We invested hundreds of millions of dollars in the growth of the Target Visa portfolio, delivering more value to our guests and producing a substantial increase in revenues and receivables balances that accounted for more than 100 percent of our overall credit card operation’s annual growth.
• And we remained steadfast in our commitment to support programs that improve the quality of life in the communities where we operate, to embrace the diversity of our guests and team members and to perpetuate our heritage of strong corporate gover- nance and integrity.
As we move into 2004 and beyond, we continue to challenge ourselves to seize new opportunities to delight our guests—to offer more fashion and differentiation,
           “In addition, we are optimistic about the potential future bene- fits provided by other programs we are pursuing, such as our global sourcing and guest relationship management efforts. Many of these initiatives increas- ingly reflect the integration
of cross-functional disciplines, allowing us to leverage our resources, improve our efficiency and increase our overall agility and speed.”
   2

 greater value, reliability and convenience, quicker delivery of new product and faster, friendlier service — in short, to do what we have always done, but better. As described in the following pages of this report, our plans in 2004 include the continued profitable expansion of the Target store base in line with our historical growth in the range of 8 to 10 percent net new square footage annually. We expect to add approxi- mately 95 to 100 total new stores, or about 80 to 85 new stores net of closings and relocations. We are very excited about the modifications we are introducing in our new store design in 2004 because we believe this current iteration of Target store is more pleasant and inviting and promotes our goal of being the preferred
In the past ten years, Target has approximately doubled its number of stores, roughly tripled its revenues, and more than quadrupled its pretax segment profit and Target Corporation has delivered nearly an 18 percent increase in average annual earnings per share and a total annualized return to shareholders of about 23 percent.
As we look to the future, we are confident in the underlying strategy, growth and profit potential of Target Stores. Based on our proven track record of performance, we believe that Target will continue to deliver a brand experience that is preferred by our guests, and as a result, we believe that Target still has significant opportunities for profitable expansion and market share increases in the continental United States.
   “As we look to the future, we are confident in the underlying strategy, growth and profit potential of Target Stores. Based on our proven track record of performance, we believe that Target will continue to deliver a brand experience that is preferred
by our guests.”
  shopping destination for our guests. In addition, we are optimistic about the potential future benefits provided by other programs we are pursuing, such as our global sourcing and guest relationship management efforts. Many of these initiatives increasingly reflect the inte- gration of cross-functional disciplines, allowing us to leverage our resources, improve our efficiency and increase our overall agility and speed—critical factors in sustaining our competitive advantage in a dynamic retail environment with a competitor as formidable as Wal*Mart.
One of the reasons for the success of Target over the long term in this competitive arena is the continuity and consistency of our strategy. For more than four decades, we have been able to replicate the unique Target formula across the country by remaining focused on who our guest is and what she wants, and by consistently creating the excitement that our guests value. We have demonstrated our ability to execute, to innovate and to grow profitably over time.
Though our outlook for Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s is less certain at this time, we firmly believe that the strategic review we are undertaking and our resulting decision and actions serve the long-term interests of Target Corporation overall and re-affirm our primary objective to create substantial value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   3
