Table of Contents

Dear Tenet Shareholders,
Tenet made substantial progress in 2013 in virtually all sectors of our business, despite a challenging environment that affected inpatient volumes across the entire hospital industry. The acquisition of Vanguard Health Systems significantly expanded our scale and geographic reach. We diversified our revenue stream by adding new services and capabilities to address rapid changes in the healthcare landscape. And we took the steps necessary to position Tenet for the growth opportunities we see ahead as the federal Affordable Care Act is fully implemented.

Tenet reported revenues of $11.1 billion and adjusted EBITDA of more than $1.3 billion, including a contribution from Vanguard in the fourth quarter. Our Conifer Health Solutions unit and outpatient businesses generated their best results ever.

Conifer, in particular, has quickly become an industry leader in its three principal businesses ­ hospital revenue cycle management, valuebased care and patient communications. It ended 2013 with an annual revenue run-rate of more than $1 billion. We are excited about Conifer's future prospects in the fastest-growing areas of healthcare.
Our outpatient business has exceeded our performance goals. In 2010, we targeted annual investments of $100 million to acquire and develop new outpatient facilities that would generate $65 million of incremental EBITDA by 2013. Today, with 189 outpatient centers, we have surpassed this EBITDA target by 10 percent on an investment that is one-third smaller than we initially outlined, and our capabilities in designing, building, buying and operating a wide variety of outpatient centers now rank among the best in the industry.

In our hospital operations, although inpatient volumes remained soft overall, our emergency departments showed strong performance. For the hospitals the company owned at the end of 2012, there were more than 1.9 million total patient visits to the emergency room in 2013, an increase of 2.5 percent. Inpatient admissions declined year-over-year, but the rate of decline slowed in the latter part of the year. Looking beyond volumes, we met our pricing goals and successfully managed our hospital costs below our targets. We also showed meaningful progress on key quality-of-care measurements, and we implemented additional advanced clinical systems that drive better patient outcomes and help hold down costs.
To prepare for implementation of the Affordable Care Act, we have established a strong presence for Tenet facilities at every coverage level in the newly-formed insurance exchanges. We also implemented a comprehensive effort to educate uninsured individuals about new coverage options and provide enrollment assistance through our Path to Health outreach program, which is a joint effort among our hospitals, Conifer and more than 300 community-based non-profit groups in our markets. We plan to continue this effort through the next enrollment period that will launch on October 1, 2014, and we expect additional opportunities to help uninsured patients obtain coverage as more states expand their Medicaid programs as permitted by the Affordable Care Act.

We also made good progress in managing our capital structure during 2013. We took advantage of the low interest rate environment to refinance a significant portion of our debt. In addition, our $500 million share repurchase program was completed in 2013. Since 2011, Tenet has invested $1.2 billion to repurchase 45.9 million shares, or approximately 34 percent of our outstanding shares, at an average price of $25.96 per share.

As I look back over the past several years, I am pleased with the direction of the company. We are successfully transforming Tenet from a regional operator of general hospitals to a national diversified healthcare services company. This solid progress would not have been possible without the dedication, energy and creativity of the more than 100,000 people who work in our hospitals, outpatient centers and support offices, as well as Conifer Health Solutions and our health plan subsidiaries. We are also fortunate to have a talented and independent board, led by our non-executive chairman, Ed Kangas. Finally, we are grateful to our shareholders for their support of our company.

I hope that you share our enthusiasm and optimism about the future of Tenet.

Sincerely,

Trevor Fetter

Source: TENET HEALTHCARE CORP, DEF 14A, March 28, 2014

Powered by Morningstar® Document Research

The information contained herein may not be copied, adapted or distributed and is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. The user assumes all risks for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information, except to the extent such damages or losses cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law. Past financial performance is no guarantee of future results.

