  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   2003
  Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
was a defining year in the history of our institution.
I am very pleased to report that our people responded with determination and commitment to the challenges we faced, repositioning
the company for a brighter future.
We made important progress on several fronts during the year.
We successfully completed a broad restructuring program, stabilizing and then strengthening our financial condition, and focusing the organization on a singular goal—to become a world class regional property and casualty company.
Through a series of transactions and with the improvement in the equity market, we increased surplus in our life insurance business by 70 percent, to $553 million since September of 2002. We also increased surplus in our property and casualty companies by $172 million, to more than $1 billion during the year. Today, all of our companies are well capitalized.
As a result of our restructuring effort, we re-established positive earnings momentum in 2003 and A.M. Best Company restored the financial strength ratings of our property and casualty companies to the “Excellent” level in January of this year.
For the full year 2003, we reported a net income of $87 million or $1.63 per share. This compares to a net loss of $306 million or $5.79 per share in 2002, which was due to a significant charge related to the restructuring of our life companies. Our 2003 results demonstrate the core earnings strength of our property and casualty business.
Property and casualty segment earnings were $144 million for the year, compared to $184 million in 2002. Segment income increased by $9 million year-over-year, excluding catastrophe expenses and an unusual charge that related to a voluntary pool we exited several years ago. Our life insurance operation also performed
well in 2003, achieving a net gain of $38 million and generating segment income excluding certain non-cash items of $145 million.
And, perhaps most importantly, with our restructuring effort complete and our companies once again building on a solid financial foundation, we focused all of our attention on ensuring the future success of our organization. During the third
 ALLMERICA FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT 2003 1

    2
ALLMERICA FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT 2003
in millions
$536 $547 $553 $482 $472
$326
Q3'02 Q4'02 Q1'03 Q2'03 Q3'03 Q4'03
Our strategic priorities include three that we believe are the most critical value levers in our business—forming deep partnerships with winning agents, building a strong product and underwriting capability and delivering high-quality service in a cost-effective manner.
Through the years, Citizens and Hanover have developed strong, mutually-beneficial partnerships with many of the very best agents in our markets. We are committed to develop even deeper partnerships with our existing agents and to create new partnerships with other agents who are investing in and growing their businesses. We will win together... as we have in the past.
As we seek to create more and deeper partnerships with winning agents, we continue to focus on the business we know best and our agents and their customers need most—small to mid-sized commercial and personal lines. We will continue to leverage our underwriting and product experience in these areas to meet the needs of our agents and their customers.
At the same time, we are committed to provide responsive service through high-quality, cost-effective operating models. Our agents and our customers demand—and deserve—fast and accurate service. We are dedicated to consistently providing the most responsive, professional service possible, meeting or exceeding the expectations of our agents and their customers.
But, it takes more than great relationships, outstanding service, and superior products and underwriting to succeed in our business. And so, our strategic priorities also recognize the need for us to sustain a financially strong company that is capable of making good on its promises as we have since our founding in 1852, and to invest substantial resources in our people, building the best leadership, home office and front line staff possible.
“As a result of our restructuring effort, we re-established positive earnings momentum in 2003 and A.M. Best Company restored the financial strength ratings of our property and casualty companies to the “Excellent” level in January of this year.”
and fourth quarters, we undertook an extensive and thoughtful assessment
of our business that led to the development of a crisp 2004 operating plan with clearly identified strategic priorities and critical goals that cascade throughout our organization.
Those strategic priorities and goals will chart the course we will follow on the first leg of our journey to become a world class company.
STRATEGIC FOCUS
Life Companies
Total Adjusted Statutory Capital (Quarter End)
 
   “Our personal lines operation is mature and stable, representing 68 percent of our overall property and casualty business...”
 New Jersey
Personal Lines
Our personal lines operation is mature and stable, representing 68 percent
of our overall property and casualty business in net written premium. Citizens and Hanover market automobile, homeowners and other ancillary personal lines coverages in 25 states, with a concentration of business in Michigan, Massachusetts and New Jersey.
Our focus in this business going forward will be to continue the margin improvement momentum that began in 2003. With that in mind, we are pursuing numerous strategic initiatives to improve overall profitability.
Our personal lines business benefits from strong agency relationships, and Citizens and Hanover are among the first, second or third carrier of choice with most of their agents. Our goal is to build on that success, more effectively managing our agency relationships, pricing and product strategies, geographic mix and service responsiveness.
We have begun working with our agent partners to develop business plans with specific growth, mix of business and performance targets. These plans are aligned with agency compensation programs, and we believe they will enable us to improve agency penetration and underwriting quality.
We also are advancing initiatives to enhance price adequacy and product design and to manage our geographic mix more effectively. We continue to increase rates across our personal lines book of business and to broaden our product portfolio, expanding our competitive tiered products, applying credit scoring and other underwriting techniques and moving to higher deductibles on our homeowners business. We expect the cumulative effect of these actions will have a significant favorable impact over time.
We are managing our geographic mix in a similar proactive manner, focusing on profitability in certain highly-regulated states. We have formed dedicated management teams in Massachusetts and New Jersey, for example, and are confident this increased focus will result in improved performance.
Finally, we are making service a priority. We expect to complete the rollout
of our point-of-sale system by the fall of 2004, providing our agents with better information and enabling them to provide their customers with real-time quotes. Our point-of-sale system has been successfully implemented in many of our personal lines markets already, and has been well received by our agents.
  Massachusetts
 19%
9% 7%
New York
Property and Casualty Personal Lines Premium Mix by State (2003 Net Written Premium)
Michigan
  43%
  22%
Others
  ALLMERICA FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT 2003 3

   “Our commercial lines business is smaller than our personal lines operation, representing 32 percent of property and casualty net written premium, but continues to generate strong margins and returns.”
 $50k-$100k
>$100k
Commercial Lines
Our commercial lines business is smaller than our personal lines operation, representing 32 percent of property and casualty net written premium, but continues to generate strong margins and returns. Our goal for 2004 is to build the foundation for growth in this business while maintaining high underwriting quality.
As in personal lines, our commercial lines business has very strong agency relationships and we are working with agents to create three-year business plans. These plans will help us to evaluate the success and value of each of our agency relationships and to ensure that we position our business to pursue carefully targeted and profitable growth.
We are focusing considerable effort in the commercial lines business on retention, concentrating on improving our renewal automation process. We enhanced our automated renewal process earlier this year, and expect this will increase by about 15 percent the number of renewals that can be processed automatically. This process improvement will enable us to free senior underwriters to focus on renewals for target accounts. In turn, we expect increased underwriter involvement in targeted accounts, in combination with our efforts to develop three-year agency plans, will improve retention, supporting our overall growth efforts by maintaining a sizeable base of business.
And, again as in personal lines, our commercial lines operation is applying technology to improve service. We anticipate that a new point-of-sale transaction processing system and the rollout of a new underwriter’s workstation will significantly improve productivity and service responsiveness through more efficient workflow management.
Life Operations
Our life insurance operation serves about 350,000 policyholders in a $14 billion closed block of business, created when we ceased retail sales of annuity and life insurance products in 2002. Our objectives in this business are to provide strong service to our policyholders, maintain a flexible operating model that enables us to keep operating expenses in line with assets under management, and maximize the value of the operation.
   10% 9%
13%
22%
46%
<$10k
   $10k<$25k
$25k-$50k
Property and Casualty Commercial Lines by Size (2003 Net Written Premium)
  4 ALLMERICA FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT 2003

   in millions
“In the face of increasing competition and consolidation, some of our competitors look ahead with concern and uncertainty. We look ahead with confidence.”
 $2,240
$2,409 $2,391 $2,072
$2,220
With competition and consolidation increasing in our industry, we believe our size and regional structure combine for a distinct competitive advantage.
As large, regional insurers, Citizens and Hanover are small enough and focused enough to be responsive to their agents in local markets yet they are big enough
to have the scale needed to make significant investments in products and services. What’s more, we have avoided many of the balance sheet issues that are distracting larger, national insurers.
Our companies are in excellent financial condition. Citizens and Hanover know their local markets well and benefit from their relationships with many of the best independent agents in those markets. We have strong underwriting, product and service operations, and are able to consistently meet the needs of our agents and customers. And, our people have the talent and drive necessary to win.
We began 2004 in a position of strength, and believe our operating plans will enable us to further improve our financial and competitive positions.
In the face of increasing competition and consolidation, some of our competitors look ahead with concern and uncertainty. We look ahead with confidence.
With a proud past and a solid financial foundation, we have set our sights on
an even brighter future, and we look forward to delivering significant value for our shareholders and for all of our stakeholders.
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
'99
'00 '01
'02 '03
2004 OUTLOOK
 Allmerica Financial Total Shareholders’ Equity (at December 31st)
 ALLMERICA FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT 2003 5
