  To Our Shareholders
Frederick H. eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
2007 was a year of significant achievement, as we advanced our journey to build a world class regional property and casualty insurance company and delivered on our promise to provide a unique value proposition for winning independent insurance agents.
We made a great deal of progress in all facets of our business during the year. We achieved record earnings, strengthened our talented team, and expanded our product and service
capabilities, helping our agent partners grow their businesses as we grew ours — even in the face of increasingly challenging market conditions.
When we began our journey in 2003, we set out to create a company that would deliver distinctive value for our independent agent partners and their customers every day — one that in time would be recognized as one of the best companies in the industry. With
   The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007 1

the dedication and hard work of our approx- imately 4,000 talented employees, we have made excellent progress, and the rebuilding phase of our turnaround is now complete.
As evidence of our progress, The Wall Street Journal, in its annual Shareholder Scoreboard, reported that our company generated the single best five-year shareholder return among all property and casualty insurance companies tracked for the period through year-end 2007. Our average compound annual return for the period was 35.6 percent — nearly three times higher than the average for the property and casualty companies considered.
With a strong financial foundation, a clear strategic focus, and the people, products and services needed to achieve our vision, our company is better positioned today than ever to deliver greater value to you and to all of our stakeholders over the long term.
Achieving RecoRd eARnings
The improvements and progress we have made over the past five years have enabled us to sig- nificantly strengthen our financial foundation.
Net income for 2007, at $253 million, was up 49 percent over 2006, and net income per share, at $4.83, was 48 percent higher than the prior year.
Property and casualty pre-tax segment earnings* of $395 million for the year also represented a new high, and generated a return on property and casualty levered equity of 14.3 percent, exceeding our target of 12 percent returns throughout the property
and casualty cycle.
At the same time, we were among the few companies to deliver strong premium growth in 2007, while gaining market share in both our personal and commercial lines businesses. Our solid premium growth, at 5 percent, exceeded the average industry growth rate, and overall, we maintained solid profitability.
*Pre-tax segment income is a non-GAAP measure. A definition and reconciliation to the closest GAAP measure can be found on page 31 of the attached Annual Report on Form 10-K.
    With A cleAR stRAtegic focus, And the people, pRoducts And seRvices needed to Achieve ouR
 vision, ouR compAny is betteR positioned todAy thAn eveR to deliveR gReAteR vAlue to you.
    2 The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007
   
        In addition, we were one of the few major companies with little or no exposure to sub-prime mortgage risks — evidence of our disciplined approach to prudent financial risk management.
building A compAny foR Winning Agents
We believe in the independent agency channel, and over the course of our journey, we have invested heavily and have made many improvements, building our company around the needs and business interests
of winning mid-sized agents.
We have strengthened our balance sheet and our capital position, ensuring that we will be here when our agent partners and their customers need us. We have assembled one of the best teams in the business, adding depth, insight and experience — particularly in the field, where our people work closely with our agent partners to align our resources and capabilities with our agent partners’ opportunities.
We have developed a new operating model that enables us to provide significantly improved service to our agent partners and their customers. And, we have made unprec- edented investments in our product portfolios, enabling our agent partners to meet a wider range of their customers’ needs.
deliveRing A distinctive pRoduct poRtfolio
The investments we have made in our product portfolio since 2003 provide us with a competitive advantage in both personal and commercial lines.
In personal lines, we have become a true total account writer, offering auto, home, umbrella and ancillary coverages. We believe that attracting and retaining accounts with multiple coverages improves customer economics, produces better loss ratios and increases account retention.
    We hAve invested heAvily And hAve mAde mAny impRovements, building ouR compAny
 ARound the needs And business inteRests of Winning mid-sized Agents.
    The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007 3
    
Our personal lines product portfolio includes a sophisticated multi-variate product, Connections® Auto, which is now available
in all of our key markets. It is as good as, or better than, auto products offered by national companies, and clearly superior to the products offered by most regional companies. In 2007, we launched our enhanced Connections® Home product, with optional umbrella endorsement capabilities, emphasizing “ease of use” for our agent partners. Additionally, we augmented our auto and home offerings to include ancillary products such as watercraft, motorcycle and valuable items.
In some cases, where we lack the underwriting capability for certain products, we enter into reinsurance arrangements with other carriers in order to seamlessly provide our agent partners with a total account solution that meets their customers’ every need.
Our commercial lines product offering is similarly robust. Our core product suite is tailored for account sizes of up to $200,000, with broad underwriting skills to serve this market segment.
We have completed the build-out of our easy-to-use small commercial and business owner’s policy platform, with an expanded risk appetite to cover multiple classes of business, providing agents with all the necessary tools to write this “flow” business.
We also have substantially grown our specialty and niche businesses. We now offer inland marine and bond, and a growing portfolio of niche capabilities, such as schools, hospitality and moving and storage. With our recent acquisition of Professionals Direct, Inc. and Verlan Holdings, Inc., we are able
to provide professional liability coverage for small and mid-sized law firms and property coverage for highly protected risk classes.
    the investments We hAve mAde in ouR pRoduct poRtfolio since 2003 pRovide us
 With A competitive AdvAntAge in both peRsonAl And commeRciAl lines.
    4 The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007
   
        Our specialty business has grown rapidly, from about $60 million in 2003 to over $300 million in 2007, giving us enough scale to be a serious specialty player. This combination of a robust core product set and broad specialty capabilities is unmatched among our regional-company competitors and is an important point of differentiation for our agent partners.
estAblishing A seRvice cultuRe
From the beginning of our journey, we have focused on building a company that can sup- ort what we call the “best of both” operating model — offering our agent partners a broad product portfolio and state-of-the-art technology on par with the best national companies, and the local presence and flexible underwriting support they expect from
the best regional companies. This model originates from our strong belief in the independent agency channel and is tied to the unique requirements and expectations of mid-sized agents, who we believe represent an underserved segment of the market.
Our talented field leaders have strong agency relationships and know their local markets well, and, as a result, are better positioned than their regional counterparts to help agents compete effectively and find solutions that will help grow their businesses — closing deals, helping improve book profiles, or providing capacity through careful but flexible underwriting.
We also have invested in automation to drive efficiency, so we are able to provide the local touch and decision-making that is so important to our agent partners, giving our company an advantage against both our national and regional competitors.
For instance, our agency portal for personal lines and small commercial is highly auto- mated and easy to use. Imaging technology is available in all of our offices, enabling us to triage workflow and operate from remote locations, and cost-effectively handle routine renewals through business centers. Our local offices are staffed with senior field leaders and underwriters who have significant
    ouR tAlented field leAdeRs hAve stRong Agency RelAtionships And knoW theiR locAl
 mARkets Well, And ARe betteR positioned to help Agents compete effectively.
    The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007 5
    
authority. Recently, we have expanded this model to our claims processing. Our claims model optimally balances the benefits of local, “on-the-ground” adjusting, with the benefits of scale that is enabled by a cutting- edge claims technology platform and a paperless work environment.
The investments we have made in our operating model have taken hold, and, as
a result, we are now in a position to deliver responsive and consistent service to our customers and to our agent partners, giving the best agents one more reason to partner with The Hanover.
executing to ouR stRAtegy
Our focus in 2008 will be to continue to execute our strategy and to further test its success in the market.
With this in mind, we have refined our approach to identifying and partnering with winning agents. We have a rigorous,
criteria-driven process that identifies and prioritizes winning agents in each of our local markets.
With this information and the proprietary tools we have developed to facilitate the agent-engagement process, our field leaders are able to gain a thorough understanding of an agent’s business, explore ways to leverage our capabilities, and implement a disciplined planning and goal-setting process that has proven effective at converting winning agents to partners.
Our experience to date clearly confirms that true partner agents will deliver strong eco- nomic performance. We see clear differentials in key metrics, including strong growth rates, even in a soft market, better loss ratios, and better retention. Our ability to drive mean- ingful growth among our partner agents will be the key to growing successfully through the cycle, while maintaining margins.
    ouR clAims model optimAlly bAlAnces the benefits of locAl, “on-the-gRound” Adjusting,
 With the benefits of scAle thAt is enAbled by A cutting-edge clAims technology plAtfoRm.
    6 The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007
   
         cApitAlizing on oppoRtunities
Recent industry trends and the structure of the property and casualty market give us greater confidence that our decision to build our company around winning mid-sized independent agents is the right one.
Over the past several years, the independent agency channel has gained market share, and winning agents — those driving consolidation activity in the market — have grown by as much as three times the industry average.
Mid-sized agents now control about $125 billion of the property and casualty market, working largely with several hundred sub-scale regional companies. Many of these companies lack the financial resources and scale to invest in the products and services that winning agents and their customers have come to expect. In addition, they are challenged by other factors, including the competitive pressures of a soft market and concentration of risk from coastal exposures.
Agents, too, are facing new challenges.
As pricing pressures, severe competition and a dependency on retention increase the likelihood of stagnant earnings, mid-sized agents are moving to protect their businesses by rebalancing their portfolios with fewer and more stable carriers that are able to offer a breadth of capabilities.
The combination of these factors represents a tremendous growth opportunity for us.
leveRAging ouR stRengths
Over the course of our journey, we have delivered on our strategic priorities. We
have strengthened our financial foundation, developed an outstanding team of profes- sionals throughout our company, and created a culture of execution. We have developed deep, mutually beneficial partnerships with some of the very best agents in our business. And we have provided them with innovative product capabilities and responsive under- writing and service capabilities through a cost-effective and efficient operating model.
   the investments We hAve mAde in ouR opeRAting model hAve tAken hold. We ARe noW in
 A position to deliveR Responsive And consistent seRvice to ouR customeRs And to ouR Agent
 pARtneRs, giving the best Agents one moRe ReAson to pARtneR With the hAnoveR.
    The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007 7
   
 Today, our company is uniquely positioned to offer our partner agents people, products and services on par with the best national companies, and the local knowledge
and responsiveness of the best regional companies. We truly offer “the best of both.”
As the property and casualty industry continues to be challenged by increased competition and market pressures, companies will face increasingly important issues,
such as concentration risks, capital require- ments, low investment returns and a softer pricing market. All property and casualty companies, including ours, will be impacted by these and other challenges.
What will make our performance different relative to our competitors during this challenging period will be our ability to differentiate ourselves on the strength of
the value proposition we have built over the last several years. Our ability to leverage our capabilities with winning mid-sized agents and to convert them to partner agents should yield above industry-average results.
As we continue our journey, we remain focused on our vision to create a company that delivers distinctive value for our agent partners and their customers every day.
With a talented and committed team in place across our organization, intently focused on a single vision, we have every confidence that we will continue to be successful, building a company that in time will be regarded as one of the very best in our industry, and delivering significant value for you and for all of our many stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
    WhAt Will mAke ouR peRfoRmAnce diffeRent RelAtive to ouR competitoRs
 Will be ouR Ability to diffeRentiAte ouRselves on the stRength of the vAlue pRoposition
 We hAve built oveR the lAst seveRAl yeARs.
    8 The hanover Insurance Group • annual reporT 2007
  