 Frederick h. eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
To our ShareholderS
2009 was a challenging but successful year for our company. With our nation’s economy under tremendous pressure and our industry approaching a low point in the pricing cycle, our company, like others in the industry, was tested often, and as never before.
We passed those tests, confirming that our vision is achievable and our strategic priorities sound, demonstrating the financial strength and resilience of our organization, and enabling us to build on that strength to position our company for greater success in the future.
Building on our Strength
In 2003, we set out on a journey to build a world class super regional property and casualty company—a company with the financial strength, talent and product capabilities on par with the best national companies, and the local market knowledge and responsiveness of the best regional companies.
Since then, we have maintained an intense focus on our vision and the six strategic priorities that strengthen the foundation on which we are building our business and that enhance our competitive position.
Given the uncertainty in the economy and in our industry in recent years, our focus on the foundational elements of our strategy—building and sustaining a financially strong company, assembling and motivating
a world class team, and creating a culture of execution — has been critical.
The progress we have made on these foundational strategies has enabled us to build a flexible and agile company, one that capitalizes on the turmoil in the marketplace and delivers significant value for our shareholders, our agent partners, their customers, and our other stakeholders.
A Solid FinAnciAl FoundAtion
We have dramatically improved our financial position over the course of our journey. We have added more than $700 million to statutory capital, significantly enhancing our financial flexibility, and enabling us to invest in people, products and services.
The hanover Insurance Group 2009 annual reporT 1
 
We have dramatically improved our financial position over the course of our journey, enabling us to make critical investments in people, products and services.
At the same time, we have greatly increased our earnings capacity and generated profitable growth in all of our businesses, outperforming the industry as a whole and most of our peers.
The progress we have made has not gone unnoticed. In May 2009, A.M. Best Company upgraded the financial strength ratings for our companies to “A” (Excellent). Best’s rating action was particularly important given the prevailing environment.
At a time when our industry was under unprecedented pressure and many of our peers were being downgraded, our company was one of the very few that established positive ratings momentum. In fact, ours was the only insurance company in the country to be upgraded by A.M. Best, Moody’s, and Standard & Poor’s during 2008 and 2009.
With the benefit of a strong financial foundation, we continued to deliver solid results under very difficult conditions during 2009.
Our property and casualty business generated after-tax segment income of
$158 million during the year, compared to $176 million in 2008. Not unexpectedly, the weather, intense pricing competition, and the economy created pressures that proved challenging and impacted results across the industry, including our own.
In the face of these challenges, however, we maintained our focus, generating an underwriting profit, taking thoughtful pricing and underwriting actions, continuing to make investments in our business, and consequently, improving our prospects for the future.
Our focus on maintaining solid profit margins, ensuring a strong capital base, and managing a diversified and conservative investment portfolio has put our company in a strong financial position, and has enabled us to take opportunistic capital management actions to build shareholder value. In 2009 alone, we increased our dividend by 67 percent, repurchased $150 million of common stock, and restructured $200 million of debt. We ended the year with a book value of just under $50 per share, the highest in our history.
A tAlented And committed teAm
As we have improved the overall financial condition of our company, we have invested heavily in talent, assembling one of the most experienced and committed teams in the business.
During 2009, we added even more experience and depth to our team, capitalizing on our momentum and the disruption in the marketplace to attract experienced professionals.
Through two strategic acquisitions, for example, we added a team of specialists skilled in professional and management liability, and another that specializes in professional and general liability solutions for a range of healthcare providers. Through another transaction, we added 150 professionals to further strengthen our field operations, underwriting and loss control capabilities, particularly in areas targeted for expansion.
 2 The hanover Insurance Group 2009 annual reporT

 Today, the quality of our team sets us apart in the marketplace, providing our agent partners with the most knowledgeable and responsive service and expertise possible.
A uniFied FocuS on execution
With a skilled and committed team in place, we have created a unified focus on execution that begins with a clear vision and dictates that everything we do supports the achievement of our goals.
While many companies just now are focusing on the alignment of personal, company and shareholder goals, we have made a determined effort over the last several years to instill a culture of commitment and performance, aligning all of our people with the single goal of building a world class company that delivers significant value for our shareholders and other stakeholders.
This focus, as well as the transparency and cascading goals we have established throughout our organization, allow us to respond to ever-changing market dynamics, ensure effective risk management, and most importantly, capitalize on market opportunities quickly.
enhAncing our competitive poSition
While the market turmoil around us has confirmed our financial staying power, it also has created disruption in our industry and opportunities for our company, enabling us to advance our three strategic business priorities: building a strong position with winning agents, creating a distinctive and diversified product set, and developing a responsive, cost-effective operating model.
A commitment to pArtnerShip
We believe that strong partnerships with winning agents give us the ability to sustain profitable growth. Over the course of our journey, we have focused on building deep, mutually-beneficial relationships with winning agents, those who are investing in their businesses, selling real value and consolidating their markets. It stands to reason that as our partners grow and win, so do we.
We provide our agent partners with true franchise value, limiting the number of partnerships we form, and we expect a preferred place in their agencies in return. This notion of committed partnership enabled us to profitably grow by 4 percent in 2009, while improving our mix of business in an industry that contracted due to economic pressure and market pricing.
In addition to growing our relationships with existing partners during 2009, we also announced plans to expand our specialty, niche and segmented Commercial Lines businesses into the western part of the country, creating more opportunities for future growth.
With our expansion into seven western states beginning January 1, 2010, we plan to capitalize on the strong and growing interest in our company among winning agents, establish more partnerships, and further leverage the investments we have made in products and services.
We believe that strong partnerships With Winning agents give us the ability to sustain profitable groWth.
The hanover Insurance Group 2009 annual reporT 3

 We noW provide
our partners With broad product offerings in personal and core commercial lines, as Well as
in specialty and niche markets.
A diStinctive product cApABility
As we have advanced our journey, we have made out-sized investments in product and underwriting capabilities. As a result, we now provide our partners with broad product offerings in Personal and core Commercial Lines, as well as in specialty and niche markets. This enables our agents to serve an even wider customer base and create and expand specialized growth opportunities.
We continued to invest in our product and underwriting capabilities during 2009, introducing more than 30 new products and product enhancements, extending our competitive advantage in some areas and building attractive, new capabilities in others. We also finalized an important renewal rights arrangement with OneBeacon Insurance Group.
Through this renewal rights arrangement, we acquired access to as much as $400 million in small and middle market commercial business at renewal, including industry programs and middle market niches. More importantly, however, the arrangement will enable us to expand our segments and industry program business, adding nearly 20 well-established programs to our portfolio, and to write more business with new and existing agent partners.
Beyond that transaction, we made many other investments during 2009 to round out our product capability and to help our agent partners generate more profitable growth.
In core Commercial Lines, we made substantial investments in both the small commercial and middle markets segments, expanding our underwriting and product capabilities with 10 new industry programs and niches.
Through our recently launched Hanover Professional Portfolio, we substantially enhanced our professional and management liability offerings. With the acquisition of Benchmark Professional Services in January 2010, Hanover Professional Portfolio added professional liability coverage for architects and engineers, as well as a suite of stand-alone miscellaneous professional liability coverages for small and mid-sized businesses.
In another transaction, which we expect to close in March 2010, we will add Vienna, Virginia-based Campania Holdings to our growing group of specialty companies. Campania provides insurance solutions for the healthcare industry. This acquisition will significantly expand our capabilities in this segment, and will enable us to offer professional and general liability solutions to a range of healthcare providers.
We also made substantial investments on the Personal Lines side of our business during 2009, repositioning our company as an unrivalled account writer.
Through an initiative we refer to as “Think Hanover,” we introduced approximately two dozen significant product and service enhancements to help our agent partners sell value and meet more of their customers’ needs with a single provider.
Our efforts to position our Personal Lines organization as a total account writer have been very successful. Account business—where we write more than one
 4 The hanover Insurance Group 2009 annual reporT

product with a customer—now represents almost two-thirds of our Personal Lines business, up from approximately half just three years ago. Account business historically provides stronger margins and superior retention.
A reSponSive operAting model
While we have vastly improved our product and underwriting capabilities, we also have continued to build a distinctive operating model, with the goal of providing unparalleled responsiveness and expertise through dedicated field and home office support teams.
We continued to build out our operating model in 2009, with our field leadership and underwriting teams actively working with our agent partners to create business development opportunities for our agents and for us.
At the same time, our claims team re-engineered the way we manage catastrophes, reduced the response and resolution time on auto claims, and enhanced service training for our adjusters. These and other changes further improved the already strong scores we earn on policyholder service surveys.
The investments we have made are paying dividends, helping our agent partners grow their businesses as we grow ours.
delivering on our promiSe
With more than 4,000 professionals across our company focused on a single vision, we have accomplished a great deal. We have overcome tremendous challenges in recent years, and have prepared for others that lie ahead.
Today, we are as well positioned to compete and win as any company in our business.
We have a clear strategic vision. We are in excellent financial condition, and are working with the best independent agents in the country. We have the reputation, product and service capabilities they need to distinguish their agencies in their intensely competitive markets. As we continue to help them serve their customers, we will grow and thrive together.
There always will be more to do, and we are determined to continue building on our strengths. We have every confidence that we will deliver on our promise, positioning our company as one of the very best in our business over the long term, and delivering significant value for you and for all of our other stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
We have every confidence that We Will deliver on our promise, positioning our company as one of the very best in our business over the long term.
  The hanover Insurance Group 2009 annual reporT 5
