 FREDERICK H. EPPINGER
President and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
GIVEN THE FINANCIAL, STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL PROGRESS WE HAVE MADE, I AM MORE CONFIDENT THAN EVER THAT WE CAN AND WILL POSITION THE HANOVER TO BE AMONG THE VERY BEST COMPANIES IN OUR BUSINESS.
  2006 represented an important turning point for our company. In the face of increasing competition, we strengthened our institution on many dimensions. Today, our company is positioned to deliver greater value over the long term to you and our other
key constituencies.
Those of you who have followed us know that we are on a “Journey” to build a world class regional property and casualty insurance company. When we began this journey in 2003, we committed to create a very special company — one built on a solid foundation, comprised of talented and committed people focused on a single vision, and that delivers distinctive product and service capabilities to the best agents in the business.
We have maintained a steadfast commitment to this vision over the course of our journey, enabling us to improve our earnings power, and at the same time, to invest in our people, products and services, so that we can build a sustainable strategic advantage.
Our performance has been solid, with 2006 being
our strongest year to date. In fact, given the financial, strategic and operational progress we have made,
I am more confident than ever that we can and will position The Hanover to be among the very best companies in our business.
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP | Annual Report 2006 7
 
    OVER THE PAST THREE YEARS, WE HAVE ASSEMBLED AN IMPRESSIVE TEAM AND INVESTED AGGRESSIVELY IN OUR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO.
 THE JOURNEY TO CREATE DISTINCTIVENESS
Over the past three years, we have assembled an impressive team and invested aggressively in our product portfolio. We also have developed new and innovative operating models aimed at creating a distinctive offering for winning independent agents, and enabling us to hold margins and
grow throughout the cycle as top-quartile property and casualty companies do. Our hard work is beginning to pay off.
During the early years of our journey, we focused on rebuilding the foundation of our company.
We strengthened our balance sheet, improved our business mix and sold our run-off life business to improve our risk profile, investing our resources and energy to create an outstanding super regional property and casualty company.
With that in mind, we simultaneously invested in our future. We upgraded practically every product, substantially enhanced every service capability and recruited more than 1,700 professionals, including some of the best in the industry, to help build a company with a distinctive value proposition that would resonate with winning independent agents.
Our performance in 2006 suggests that we are gaining traction. With net income of $170 million, 2006 was our strongest earnings year since we began our journey. Property and casualty pre-tax segment earnings* were at their highest, at $328 million, and represent an after-tax return on property and casualty levered equity of 13.5 percent, exceeding the 12 percent target we set for ourselves. We increased our property and casualty book value by 19 percent, to $37.74 per share, and our overall book value by 8 percent, to $39.10 per share, despite a $200 million buyback executed during the first half of the year.
We also were among the few companies to deliver strong financial results in 2006, while gaining market share in both personal lines and commercial lines. Our overall premium growth was 6 percent, far exceeding the average industry growth rate, and we maintained solid profitability.
*Pre-tax segment income is a non-GAAP measure. A definition and reconciliation to the closest GAAP measure can be found on page 30 of the attached Annual Report on Form 10K.
8 Annual Report 2006 | THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP

  I TAKE GREAT PRIDE IN HOW FAR WE HAVE COME. I BELIEVE WE ARE POISED TO BUILD A DISTINCTIVE POSITION IN THE MARKET AND TO WIN OVER THE LONG TERM.
 OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION
While we have more to do and must stay focused on becoming a world class company, I take great pride in how far we have come. I believe we are poised to build a distinctive position in the market and to win over the long term.
Our strategy is built around our strong belief that the independent agency channel, and in particular winning independent agents, will continue to gain market share and, that as a super regional, we will be able to deliver the products and services our agent partners and their customers need.
The independent agency channel has gained market share over the past five years on the strength of its compelling value proposition, particularly in the small to mid-sized commercial lines markets and in personal lines, where customers highly value advice and service.
At the same time this channel is gaining market share, it also is consolidating, which means winning agents — those driving the consolidation activity — are growing as much as three times faster than the industry average. These rapidly growing agents are often mid-sized agents who know how to retain accounts, invest in their agencies, and add value for
their customers. We have aligned our strategy to the needs of these winning agents. Our strategy is to grow through strong partnerships with such agents, building a strong and loyal agency distribution force, and being successful by helping our agent partners succeed.
The structure of the property and casualty industry also creates tremendous growth opportunities for
a company like ours. While some of the industry
is concentrated in the hands of the large national companies, more than $200 billion, in our estimation, remains largely fragmented and controlled by hundreds of sub-scale companies that are
limited in their capabilities and narrow in their geographic spread.
We have been focused on this segment of the market since the beginning of our journey and believe it represents a tremendous opportunity for us to capitalize on our strength as a super regional, with the resources of a national company and the market presence and local touch of a regional company.
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP | Annual Report 2006 9

  A PARTNERSHIP WITH THE HANOVER OFFERS AGENTS A BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO WITH FLEXIBLE UNDERWRITING CAPABILITIES AND A SERVICE MODEL THAT IS FAST AND RESPONSIVE.
 We believe that winning independent agents control about $125 billion of this market, and we see a considerable opportunity to gain market share
with these agents. Many of the smaller companies that serve this market segment lack the financial resources and scale to invest in a broad portfolio of competitive products, or to provide a technologically- advanced operating model that is efficient and responsive and can enhance agents’ productivity. Additionally, they are further challenged by the current environment, including the competitive pressures of a soft market and concentration risks from coastal exposure.
About two-thirds, or, in our estimation, about
$75 billion of this market opportunity is in commercial lines, which is predominantly made up of small commercial business that tends to be in accounts with less than $200,000 in premium, and that requires some underwriting. This is a high- touch segment of the market, requiring local knowledge and underwriting flexibility, controlled largely by regional companies.
The remaining $50 billion market opportunity is personal lines business, also dominated by regional companies, because of their focus on serving
the whole account without gaps in coverage, and their ability to maintain a strong field presence in local markets.
We have built our business model to capitalize on this market opportunity and have developed our capabilities around the needs of the winning agents that serve the personal lines and the small to mid-sized commercial accounts. We lead by partnering with these winning agents, offering them a value proposition that will enable them to grow their businesses as we do ours.
A partnership with The Hanover offers agents a broad product portfolio with flexible underwriting capabilities, a service model that is fast and responsive, and inexpensive transaction costs, so that agents can grow their franchises and compete while improving their profitability.
This focused approach to identifying our best market opportunity and developing the capabilities to match it, forms the basis for our value proposition in both our commercial lines and personal lines segments and guides everything we do.
10 Annual Report 2006 | THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP

    TO STRENGTHEN OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION, WE HAVE AUGMENTED OUR STRONG STANDARD COMMERCIAL LINES PRODUCT OFFERINGS WITH A SPECIALTY PORTFOLIO, INCLUDING INLAND MARINE AND BOND.
 Commercial Lines
In commercial lines, we have positioned our company to be one of the very best in the small to lower middle-market business segment, providing our agents with a “total solution” for accounts
with premiums up to $200,000. We offer our agent partners broad and competitive product capabilities that meet the needs of their clients. We support this offering with a distinctive operating model, partnering our experienced field team with winning agents, and backing it with quick turnaround and
a responsive service team.
To strengthen our competitive position, we have augmented our strong standard commercial lines product offerings with a specialty portfolio, including inland marine and bond. This combination of coverages is quite unique among regional carriers, and can be leveraged across our distribution system to complement our standard product lines. Our investments in inland marine and bond already have proven to be very successful, and we have grown our specialty position significantly, from $75 million in direct premium in 2003 to $215 million in 2006.
During 2006, we further strengthened our position in commercial lines, expanding our business owners’ policy and transforming our service delivery through a distinctive operating model that improves responsiveness. We now have a specialized model around small commercial, another around middle market, and yet another around our specialty business. All of these are offered through an integrated delivery system.
Our commercial lines performance in 2006 was solid. We generated growth of more than 10 percent, while maintaining solid loss ratios. This growth was driven largely by our specialty lines, as we built
out our standard lines of business. Additionally,
we were successful in strengthening our agent relationships. We grew the number of agents who have more than $1 million in premium with us
by about 40 percent, demonstrating that our value proposition resonates with winning agents.
Our objective in 2007 is to leverage the scalability of the operating model that we have built, and to improve its efficiency with growth. The completion of our small commercial platform this past year strengthens our competitive position in the market. We will continue to grow by further strengthening our agent relationships, while maintaining the focus on growth in the small and mid-sized commercial markets.
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP | Annual Report 2006 11

    THIS TOTAL VALUE PROPOSITION HAS ENABLED US TO EXPAND OUR GEOGRAPHIC FOOTPRINT AND TO GROW BY APPOINTING NEW AGENTS, BOTH IN EXISTING AND NEW GEOGRAPHIC MARKETS.
 Personal Lines
In personal lines, we are a “total account writer,” offering our agent partners the ability to meet their customers’ total personal insurance needs.
Our full suite of products, including auto, home, umbrella and other ancillary products, enables us to insure the unique assets of our customers and is a winning combination for our agents.
During 2006, we made many enhancements to expand our footprint and to improve our strategic position.
We continued to invest in ConnectionsTM Auto, our competitive multi-variate product, rolling it out in nine additional states. At year end, Connections Auto was available in 17 states. This product is on par with those offered by many national companies and is superior to the product offered by most regional companies. Consequently, it represents an important competitive advantage.
We also significantly strengthened our field team during the year and made numerous service enhancements, making it even easier for our customers to do business with us.
Our personal lines value proposition has enabled us to expand our geographic footprint and to grow by appointing new agents, both in existing and new geographic markets. In 2006 for example, we appointed approximately 1,000 agents, predominantly in our new Connections states.
The strong progress we have made in personal lines is reflected in our results, as we have turned our personal lines business around, achieving solid and promising growth momentum.
The first step in rebuilding our personal lines business was the introduction of Connections Auto. Our success in 2007 and beyond will be driven by our ability to build on our existing agency relationships and, consistent with our “total account” strategy, to increase penetration with our full suite of products. With this in mind, we will begin to roll out our new Connections Home product in early 2007, and we have entered into
a partnership with a third party to offer a more robust suite of ancillary products. Both of these efforts will strengthen our already competitive product platform and position our company as the partner of choice for our winning agent partners.
As in commercial lines, it is this comprehensive approach to the needs of our customers and agent partners that sets us apart from other carriers.
12 Annual Report 2006 | THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP

  WE WILL MAINTAIN A CLEAR VISION FOR THE FUTURE — TO BECOME A WORLD CLASS REGIONAL PROPERTY AND CASUALTY INSURANCE COMPANY — ONE THAT ACHIEVES A TOP-QUARTILE FINANCIAL POSITION.
 OUTLOOK
The property and casualty business will continue to be characterized by increasing competition and significant market pressures. Companies will be pressed to address many important issues, from concentration risks and coastal exposures to new capital requirements and a softer market. Like others, we will be impacted by these and other challenges and will need to manage them carefully and smartly. As we do, we will maintain a clear vision for the future — to become a world class regional property and casualty insurance
company — one that achieves a top-quartile financial position, provides our agent partners with top-quartile products and service, and is a place where the best people in our business want to work.
I have every confidence that we will continue to be successful and achieve our vision. Over the course of our journey, we have delivered on all of our strategic priorities. We have strengthened our financial foundation, developed an outstanding team of professionals throughout our company and created a culture of execution. We have developed deep, mutually beneficial partnerships with some of the very best agents in our business, and are providing them with innovative product and underwriting capabilities and responsive service through a cost- effective and efficient operating model.
Today, The Hanover is uniquely positioned, and as a super regional company, offers our independent agent partners people, products and services on
par with the best national companies and the local knowledge and responsiveness of the best regional companies. While the dynamics of the market could affect the pace of our success, I am confident that we are on the right path for the long term.
We look forward to making good on our promises going forward and to delivering significant value for you and our other stakeholders along the way.
Sincerely,
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP | Annual Report 2006 13
