   To Our Shareholders
ALLMERICA FINANCIAL OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN
(FROM LEFT) ROBERT P. RESTREPO, JR.; J. KENDALL HUBER; MICHAEL P. ANGELINI; EDWARD J. PARRY, III
   The prolonged downturn in the stock market, together with our exposure to market volatility, took its toll on Allmerica in 2002, resulting in poor financial performance and forcing some difficult decisions. Certainly, we are disappointed with our results in 2002. At the same time, however, we are encouraged by our response to these challenges and believe we have positioned the company to regain earnings momentum in 2003.
For the year, Allmerica reported a net operating loss of $275.4 million, or $5.21 per share, compared to net operating income of $164.5 million, or $3.10 per share in 2001.
Throughout much of 2002, the worst bear market since the Great Depression placed a strain on the capital and surplus position of our life insurance and annuity business, prompting our decision to cease the manufacture and sale of new life insurance and annuity products, and ultimately causing each of the major rating agencies to lower our financial strength ratings.
In October, John F. O’Brien resigned as president and chief executive officer after a 13-year tenure, during which the company achieved many years of growth and record earnings. We thank Jack for his service. Concurrent with Jack’s resignation, the Board of Directors formed an Office of the Chairman to oversee the operations of the company, and initiated a search for a new chief executive officer.
In response to the challenges we faced earlier this year, we focused during the fourth quarter on the development and implementation of a broad restructuring plan. Our goals were to solidify the capital and surplus position of our life insurance companies, restore the financial strength ratings of our Property and Casualty companies, and reposition our Asset Accumulation operations for the future.
 Annual Report 2002 1

 “Our Property and Casualty insurance business is ranked among the top 30 providers in the United States...”
  We made considerable progress on these goals in a very short period of time. Late in the year, we successfully completed four transactions that contributed to an increase of approximately 48 percent in the statutory capital of our life insurance subsidiaries, refined our profitable growth strategies in the Property and Casualty business, and reorganized our Asset Accumulation business. These changes are significant and should help restore our financial strength ratings, which are critical to the success of the Property and Casualty business. We since have met with each of the major rating agencies and have continued to make progress toward improved financial strength ratings.
As a result of these and other related actions, as well as the dedication and tireless effort of employees across the company, we have begun to address the difficulties of 2002 and have formed a solid foundation on which to build in 2003 and beyond.
Risk Management
For over 150 years, Allmerica has been providing property and casualty insurance protection to individuals and businesses. Our Property and Casualty insurance business is ranked among the top 30 providers in the United States, and our products and services are marketed on a regional basis through the Citizens Insurance Company in the Midwest and Hanover Insurance Company in the Northeast and Southeast. Our strong relationships with more than 2,000 independent agents and our intimate knowledge of our key markets enable us to identify and focus on profitable market niches.
Our Property and Casualty business produced strong operating results throughout the year and achieved important progress on many key initiatives. Pre-tax net operating income reached $184.3 million, nearly doubling the prior year’s results.
Our performance in 2002 reflects strong results in our commercial and homeowners insurance lines, the benefit
of better weather, and the focus we placed on executing the fundamentals of our business. We brought greater discipline to the underwriting process, more carefully selecting and pricing
risks. We aggressively sought rate increases and implemented a successful agency management program, terminating relationships with agencies that were not writing profitable business for us and focusing greater attention on those that were striving to profitably grow our business and theirs. Our agency management performance has never been better.
 ALLMERICA FINANCIAL
NET OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE
      $3.52
‘98
$5.06
‘99
$5.58
‘00
  $3.10
‘01
  ‘02
   ($5.21)
 2

 “We expect to see solid growth in the small to mid-sized commercial market...”
We benefited from low-cost, high-quality claims handling, and enhanced the level of services we provide. And, we continued to invest in management information systems to help us more accurately forecast loss trends and manage our day-to-day underwriting, marketing and claim operations.
Our combined ratio, a key measure of underwriting performance, improved significantly in 2002, to 103.1 percent, or 3.0 points better than the estimated industry average.
The business strategy of our Property and Casualty operation remains unchanged. It includes three principal objectives: to become a premier regional property and casualty insurance company, to be a leader in the sponsored personal lines business, and to become a top underwriter of small and medium-sized commercial accounts. Over the last several years we have invested significant resources to advance these goals and we have made solid progress.
Both Citizens and Hanover have well-known and highly respected brand names. We have made it our business to understand our local clients and their insurance needs, and to work closely with the independent agents who serve them.
In 2003, we will place even greater emphasis on careful risk selection, appropriate pricing and effective claims management. We believe these actions will enable us to retain quality business and produce lower loss ratios.
Over the course of the past 25 years, we have established a leadership position in sponsored markets, providing automobile and homeowner products to individuals affiliated with employer groups and voluntary associations. By targeting groups with preferred risk profiles, we have realized better underwriting results and higher retention levels. In 2002, our sponsored markets business achieved double-digit premium growth and solid underwriting margins. We expect to build on our success in this business during 2003 by increasing enrollment in existing programs and selectively targeting new groups.
Similarly, we expect to see solid growth in the small to mid-sized commercial market, which offers the potential for increased revenues in lower hazard classes of business, higher margins, and lower earnings volatility. The keys to our expansion in this market will be the strength of our Dimension 2000+SM program, and improved performance in profitable segments outside that program. Dimension 2000+ utilizes Internet-based point-of-sale technology to streamline the
   PROPERTY AND CASUALTY COMBINED RATIO
‘98 ‘99 ‘00 ‘01 ‘02
INDUSTRY ALLMERICA *ESTIMATE
                                                     Annual Report 2002 3
105.6% 104.6%
107.7% 101.2%
110.0% 102.0%
115.7% 110.5%
106.1%* 103.1%

  “Our new strategy enables us to resume earnings from our existing business while developing a new business with the potential to grow in the future.”
           4
$2,459
’98
$2,240 $2,409 $2,391
’99 ’00 ’01
$2,072
’02
result of the weak equity markets and charges related to the decision to cease manufacturing and selling proprietary products. However, we believe the restructuring effort undertaken during the fourth quarter of 2002 positions us to make financial and operational progress in 2003.
Allmerica Financial Services, our newly-reorganized life
policy administration and underwriting process, making it easier for agents to do business with us. By the end of 2003, we will have completed the build-out of Dimension 2000+, and will be able to satisfy virtually all the insurance protection needs of small business owners through this program. This will improve the flow of profitable business from our agents, both inside and outside the Dimension 2000+ program.
While market conditions remain competitive, we expect these strategies to result in continued earnings improvement in this business.
Asset Accumulation
Our Asset Accumulation business, which includes Allmerica Financial Services and Allmerica Asset Management, reported a pre-tax net operating loss of $600.6 million in 2002, largely the
ALLMERICA FINANCIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
     insurance and annuity business, is now focused on two strategies: profitably administering our in-force life insurance and annuity business, and establishing our
former agency distribution channel as an independent broker/dealer operation which has been renamed VeraVest Investments, Inc.
Our in-force business consists of a portfolio of proprietary life insurance and annuity products previously issued through our two life insurance subsidiaries.
VeraVest markets a broad array of third-party insurance, mutual fund and other investment products to the rapidly growing financial planning market. The creation of this broker/dealer positions us to serve this expanding market while capitalizing on the experience of our highly- productive agency distribution channel. In support of these efforts, we have formed partnerships with a small, but growing, list of prominent insurance carriers to deliver high-quality products to meet the evolving financial planning, wealth accumulation, and retirement needs of our clients.
Our new strategy enables us to resume earnings from our existing business while developing a new business with the potential to grow in the future.
 $ IN MILLIONS

 “We entered 2003 with our restructuring effort well underway.”
Allmerica Asset Management reported net operating income of $24.4 million in 2002, compared to $20.7 million in 2001, and made additional progress on several key goals during the year. This organization played an important role in our capital enhancement actions through the repurchase of a large portion of the company’s outstanding long-term funding agreements, which contributed approximately $85 million to the company’s capital base. Additionally, for the sixth consecutive year, fee-based assets under management increased, reaching a record level of over $7 billion. In 2003, Allmerica Asset Management will emphasize the continued growth of Opus Investment Management by providing fixed income money management services to third parties such as insurance companies, pension funds and mutual funds.
2003 Outlook
We entered 2003 with our restructuring effort well underway.
We believe our Property and Casualty operation is well positioned to continue to deliver solid, profitable results, building on the strategies that generated strong earnings in 2002.
At the same time, we expect our Asset Accumulation business to return to profitability through the management of our existing book of business and to create new opportunities for growth through our broker/dealer.
With a solid foundation set, we look forward to building a successful company that serves the interests of our shareholders, employees, business partners and customers.
      Michael P. Angelini
Chairman of the Board
J. Kendall Huber
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Edward J. Parry, III
President
Allmerica Asset Accumulation Company
Chief Financial Officer Allmerica Financial Corporation
Robert P. Restrepo, Jr.
President
Allmerica Property and Casualty Companies
 Annual Report 2002 5
