Dear Fellow Shareholders,
For me, the most gratifying thing about 2014 was that we finished the year with our best quarter since before the economic downturn began in late 2008, with a strong head of steam going into 2015. The most disappointing thing was the third quarter that we had to endure to get there. Nevertheless, I’m proud of how all of our Interface associates pulled together to overcome the challenges we faced and quickly put our Company back on the right track.
During the first half of the year, our business was shaping up nicely, despite a January that saw unusually severe winter weather and political turmoil in Eastern Europe that impacted demand levels. Our Americas business was making steady progress and our European business was having the breakout growth we had long expected, particularly in our primary markets of the U.K., Holland and Germany. We started up our new manufacturing facility in Minto, Australia, which led to improved service levels and the recapturing of market share, as revenues in Australia approached the run rate we had enjoyed before the 2012 plant fire.
While I don’t want to dwell on the third quarter, it’s worth recapping in order to illustrate how we ended up in the much stronger operating position that we’re in today. Softened order intake at the beginning of the third quarter, combined with disruptions in yarn supply and other market factors, resulted in a manufacturing throughput shortfall that put pressure on our gross margin, particularly in the Americas business. We reacted quickly with cost cutting and other restructuring initiatives, leading to a $12.4 million restructuring and asset impairment charge. We also implemented a number of other measures to address these challenges, such as re-engineering our products and processes, improving manufacturing efficiencies and reducing our raw material input costs.
These actions, along with an improving demand profile, made for a speedy and robust recovery from the third quarter to the fourth. Our gross margin rose as manufacturing throughput increased and our other cost cutting and manufacturing efficiency initiatives began to take hold, and we kept a tight rein on SG&A expenses. The U.S., U.K. and Australia, which are our three largest geographic markets, were particularly strong, as the commercial market recovery continued to take shape in those regions. Europe also saw solid sales growth in local currency, with remarkable gains in Germany, but was impacted by a currency translation headwind that I’ll discuss further below. Along the way, we also refinanced our debt at a substantially lower interest rate. At the end of the day, the fourth quarter was our best quarter in the past six years, and we exited the year with a much improved operating and capital structure.
The momentum we had at the end of 2014 was carried into the current year and gives us a lot of optimism going forward. Demand levels have remained strong and should translate into an expanded top line. We are fairly comfortable with our level of SG&A expenses as we begin this year, so our primary focus will be on reducing our cost of sales and expanding gross margin. In addition, we have a number of initiatives underway to further improve efficiencies and help us better manage the increasing complexity of our product offering, which is an important competitive advantage for us.
We’re seeing some relief on raw materials as a result of lower oil and energy cost inputs. However, we expect to face a significant currency headwind in 2015 as a result of the forecasted declines of the Euro, Australian dollar and Canadian dollar,
which we believe could negate our expected raw material cost savings. These negative currency effects began showing up in 2014, particularly in the fourth quarter, and likely will continue throughout 2015. As I mentioned earlier, we do have an improved capital structure, with our debt refinanced at a substantially lower rate which will greatly reduce our interest expense for the year.
From a market standpoint, we’re very well positioned. Our new product development has been outstanding, as evidenced by the success of our Human Nature® (featured on the cover of this report), Net Effect® and Urban Retreat® collections and plank products. We have an excellent and seasoned sales force, and we’re giving them the tools they need to win business and grow market share. In addition, we are the leader by a wide margin when it comes to sustainability, as evidenced by our recent recognitions in the trade publications Floor Focus and Contract magazine. In the Floor Focus survey of the top designers in the U.S., we were once again named the #1“Green Leader”, and we were ranked #1 in Sustainability/Culture in Contract magazine’s annual brand report. Sustainability is our passion and mission
at Interface, and it also serves as a key differentiator for us in
the marketplace.
We’re also very excited to have on board Jay Gould, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Jay came to us from American Standard Brands, where he was CEO of
the 138-year-old kitchen and bath fixtures company. Before that, Jay held several senior executive level positions at well-known international companies such as Newell Rubbermaid, Campbell Soup Company, The Coca-Cola Company and General Mills. Jay has a strong track record of success and accountability, he’s hit the ground running in his first few months at Interface, and I’m confident that he’s going to accomplish great things for us.
In closing, I can say that business hasn’t felt this good in a long while, and I’m excited about our prospects for both sales and earnings growth in 2015.
Yours very truly, Daniel T. Hendrix
  