Dear Fellow Shareholders:
For those of us at Interface, 2011 will be remembered as the year we lost our Founder and Chairman, Ray Anderson, who died in August after a hard-fought battle with cancer.
The world will remember Ray for his visionary, game-changing epiphany: that “mid-course correction” he made in 1994 when his eyes were opened to both the challenge and the opportunity of trans- forming our Company into a sustainable enterprise. But those of us close to the story know that it all started much earlier, in 1973 to be exact, when he introduced the idea of carpet tile to the U.S. market and founded the company that would become Interface. Ray was so many things – a visionary, a pioneer, an entrepreneur, and an authentic and ethical leader – and we feel a great loss. However, he left behind a Company that is endowed with his DNA, and filled with people who will carry forward his vision.
The Year in Review
Our performance in 2011 was characterized by a global economy that remains in flux, with gains in market share tempered by a pause in demand by the year’s end.
In terms of sales for the full year, we outperformed the industry in most every commercial market. Our InterfaceFLOR business in the U.S. was up 10% during the year, while the U.S. commercial market overall was up only 7%, which indicates that we gained market share. We also took market share in Europe, as our sales increased 10%
in local currencies during the year in an otherwise down market. In Asia-Pacific, our sales increased 7% for the year despite a decline in government stimulus-driven demand in Australia, and we outperformed the overall commercial market.
We saw continued success with market segment diversification in 2011 as well. For example, we increased sales in the education seg- ment in the U.S. by 8% despite a 14% drop in education construction starts. Retail segment sales continued a strong growth trend with a record number of new, small retail clients, and our healthcare segment sales were up 14% over the prior year. In one of our more exciting market diversification efforts, we signed a deal with Southwest Airlines to put carpet tile in their entire fleet of airplanes, and we’ve begun fulfilling the order – a project that was several years in development and one that gives us a nice foothold in the transportation market seg- ment. In Australia, we moved the needle to 50/50 in corporate office versus non-corporate office segment sales.
We expanded our residential business with five new FLOR stores opening during the year, bringing our total to seven stores. The FLOR® brand was enhanced through social media, traditional advertising and public relations, and through an improved FLOR website and customer experience. We will continue to invest in the FLOR business going for- ward, with plans to open 12 additional stores during 2012.
We also expanded our commitment to sustainability and to cor- porate transparency by completing Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs) for 90% of our products, measured by volume. Like nutrition labels on food products, EPDs provide third-party verified data on the environmental impacts of a product, and give our customers the infor- mation they need to make an informed purchasing decision.
Top line metrics show that we continue to make progress on Mis- sion Zero®– our plan to eliminate any negative impact our Company may have on the environment by the year 2020 – and demonstrate the benefits of our investments in our ReEntry®2.0 carpet recycling technology and other sustainability innovations. We also intensified our lean manufacturing efforts, not only to drive global operations performance improvement but also to reduce waste.
The second half of the year was a challenging one from a sales perspective. By year’s end, we observed that some customers had begun to put their spending plans on hold given the uncertain macro- economic factors, including the sovereign debt issues in Europe. At the same time, our profit margin was squeezed by higher raw material costs and under-absorption of fixed costs due to lower production volumes, which impacted our bottom line.
Some of these challenges persist into 2012. However, we have seen evidence that the slowdown can be characterized as a pause in demand, and we believe there is cause for optimism. In the U.S., we have seen some loosening of corporate budgets, and, while it is still early, the pipeline of project activity is growing again. In non-office segments, we expect to see continued success, and will continue to make strategic investments into these and other promising new mar- kets as opportunities arise. We also remain committed to rolling out additional FLOR stores and further developing our on-line direct sales. Emerging markets, which represent more than 10% of our business, continue to be a growth opportunity for us, particularly in China, India and Latin America.
The Way Forward
Thanks to cost reduction initiatives in late 2011, we began 2012 with a much improved cost structure. That, combined with the benefit of our recent price increases and restructuring actions, should result in improved profitability beginning in the first half of this year. If the very short 18-month recovery cycle that we experienced since the
last industry downturn is any indication, there is still a lot of pent-up demand in the market.
When Ray Anderson talked about what it took to build the Com- pany, and to bring carpet tile technology to the U.S. in the early 70s, he said that he was compelled to do it – to put his livelihood on the line and take that giant step into the unknown because, to him, carpet tile was an idea whose time had come. It was so right, and so smart.
Back then, Interface had just two products; today, we have thou- sands of SKUs. Then, carpet tile was imagined as a quasi-industrial floorcovering; today, we are installing carpet tile in schools and homes, in healthcare facilities and in retail stores. We’re even installing carpet tile on airplanes! Then, carpet tile was primarily a European product that was being pioneered in the U.S. by Interface; today, emerging markets in Asia and the Middle East are among our fastest growing markets. The world is waking up to modular floorcovering.
As these fundamental drivers in demand for our business and the overall secular shift to carpet tile continue, Interface will continue to lead the way.
Yours very truly,
Daniel T. Hendrix
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    