    Dear Fellow Shareholders,
In 2007, our journey took us places we had never been before. Our worldwide modular carpet business had a record year in sales and operating income in each of our three geographic regions – Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. Overall, we had our best year ever in operating income and earnings per share from continuing operations, eclipsing the previous records set in 1998. We also made great strides toward sustainability, further differentiating us in the marketplace, and we hit a record high market capitalization. Compared with where we were four years ago, it’s gratifying to see how far we’ve come as an organization. This progress is a tribute to the hard work and ingenuity of our people.
I don’t want to dwell on the past, but as the saying goes, “Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.” And none of us wants to repeat the struggles we endured in 2001-2003. At that time, our business was weighed down by a heavy debt load, saddled with underperforming and non-core assets, and too heavily dependent on the corporate office market. Since then, we’ve transformed our Company into a leaner, stronger, modular-centric flooring business. We’ve exited the woven broadloom, fabrics, dealer and access flooring businesses, and we’ve reduced our debt considerably. We’ve successfully penetrated each of the non-corporate office segments, and we’ve led the market in its secular shift toward carpet tile, creating and leading a category which was once considered a niche. Four years ago, we were simply surviving. Today, we are positioned to lead the modular category on a global platform.
We are not, however, declaring victory. Our achievements in 2007 were only stepping stones. The challenge now is for Interface to accelerate its growth, and we have built and positioned our business to do just that, while at the same time preparing the Company to weather the various economic and business cycles that we inevitably will experience around the world.
Today, 50% of our business is outside the United States. While Western Europe, Australia and the Pacific Rim account for most of those sales, emerging markets such as Central America, South America, Eastern Europe, China, India, the Middle East and Africa are experiencing rapid growth and now represent about 10% of our business. Many are adopting carpet tile from the outset as their infrastructures develop, bypassing other more traditional flooring alternatives such as broadloom carpet. These emerging geographic markets offer a wealth of opportunity, and we currently are adding manufacturing capacity to serve them better. To that end, we anticipate opening a manufacturing plant in China in 2009.
Our market segmentation strategy, which began in 2001, continues to gain traction. Non-corporate office market segments, such as education, hospitality, healthcare, retail and institutional space, have grown to represent over 30% of our worldwide business and more than half of our U.S. business. As a result of our efforts, the U.S. corporate office market now comprises only 23% of our sales, which reduces our exposure to economic cycles in that market. Another part of our market segmentation strategy is our FLOR
residential carpet tile business, which made significant progress in 2007. FLOR launched a Martha Stewart collection of FLOR carpet tiles, and its sales from internet and catalog customers climbed 35% during the year.
  1
 
     In our view, a secular shift toward carpet tile is occurring, with carpet tile penetration of the specified commercial carpet market only just now reaching 30% or more in the U.S. and Western Europe, and we believe its penetration level could double over the next ten years. Simply put, carpet tile is the #1 hot flooring product, taking market share from broadloom and other flooring options, and Interface remains the #1 player in modular carpet worldwide. Moreover, carpet tile now comprises nearly 90% of our business.
We also have further differentiated Interface in the marketplace through our leadership in the area of sustainability. Begun in 1994 with our Chairman Ray Anderson’s “spear in the chest” moment, and now a part of our Mission ZeroTM journey, we are seeking to eliminate any negative impact our company may have on the environment by the year 2020. In 2007, we took another big step toward that goal. With the launch of ReEntry® 2.0, we now have the technology to more cleanly separate face fiber from the backing of reclaimed waste carpet, making it easier to recycle some of those components and providing a purer supply of inputs for our Cool BlueTM process for making recycled carpet tile backing. This new technology paved the way for the introduction of our RePriseTM collection of carpet tile, the first ever with post-consumer recycled content type 6,6 nylon fiber. The higher purpose of sustainability, which is ingrained in our DNA, is helping us win business and continue to grow throughout the cycles in our industry.
To grow our profits, our business model doesn’t require the dramatic sales growth that we’ve experienced in the past few years. With the operating leverage we’ve created, we have the ability to increase earnings with less sales growth. To achieve this, we have to focus on three fronts: (1) increasing manufacturing efficiencies; (2) containing costs; and (3) increasing Bentley Prince Street’s sales of carpet tile, while maintaining its leading position in the high-end broadloom business. As to operational efficiencies, we are seeking to upgrade
equipment and break remaining bottlenecks in our manufacturing operations. As to cost containment, we have to continue challenging every dollar spent. On the third front, we have now completed the installation of a new carpet tile backing line at our Bentley Prince Street operations, and its carpet tile sales are up dramatically in the first few months of 2008.
Moreover, despite the somewhat grim economic forecasts and the pressure that will be on the commercial market (particularly in the financial sector), there remains ample opportunity for us to continue achieving strong sales growth. We’re still in the early stages of – and leading – the market’s secular shift to carpet tile. Market segmentation continues to gain momentum as modular carpet is making the leap from being a niche product, in a host of applications, to a leading product category. We’re in a prime position to capitalize on the explosive growth in emerging geographic markets, as we continue to build out our manufacturing and distribution presence. We have the best brands, products and sales force in the industry. And, as customers focus more on design and local production, our sustainability initiatives will continue to separate us from the pack.
This is Interface’s time to show the world there is a better way to make a bigger profit. I’m looking forward to the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, associates and shareholders for their continued business and support, and I hope to report an even better year in 2008.
Sincerely,
Daniel T. Hendrix
President & Chief Executive Officer
  2
 