Dear Fellow Shareholders
The year 2012 at Interface was marked by several significant
milestones on the road to category leadership and leveraging of our
global platform. Our Americas business had a record sales year, we more
than doubled the number of FLOR
®
stores, our new carpet tile plant in
China completed its ramp-up and became profitable, we consolidated
manufacturing operations in Europe, we cut SG&A expenses by $12
million, and we sold the Bentley Prince Street business. Each of these
achievements further bolstered Interface’s position as the worldwide
leader in carpet tile.
The year also was marked by an unfortunate fire at our manufac-
turing facility in Picton, Australia. No one was injured as a result of the
fire, but the plant was destroyed. While the financial impacts are difficult
to quantify, the fire was the single largest factor to negatively affect our
results for the year.
In the Americas region, record level sales were driven by the
continued rebound of the corporate office market segment, as well as
improvements in the education and retail market segments. Sales and
profitability also improved dramatically in Latin America – particularly in
Brazil – which was one of the first markets to emerge from the economic
downturn. We launched a new product line tailored to the hospitality
market that allows customers to “Design it Yourself” and has contributed
to a significant sales increase in that segment. The overall Americas
market remains far from its 2007 peak, leading us to believe there is
still pent-up demand in the market that bodes well for Interface as the
economic recovery continues.
We opened 11 new FLOR retail stores during the year – including
our first international store in Toronto – bringing our total to 18 locations
at year-end. The strategy behind the retail experience is that it gives
consumers a chance to see, feel and experience the product in a way that
web sampling does not, and it is paying off. FLOR stores in the aggregate
remained profitable for the year despite the big investment in expansion.
The larger retail footprint in North America means we can leverage
national marketing campaigns, broad-based PR efforts, and social media,
which have also boosted growth in the catalog and internet channels.
Overall, the business cut its operating loss in half compared with the prior
year. We expect FLOR to contribute to our profitability in 2013 and we
have more store openings planned in the coming months.
Our European business maintained a healthy profit margin, largely
due to a restructuring plan that included closing manufacturing and
warehousing activities in England and consolidating those functions into
our operations in Northern Ireland and The Netherlands. From a sales
standpoint, we outperformed the broader European market and even
experienced pockets of strength in the U.K., Scandinavia and Northern
Europe. It will come as no surprise, however, that Southern Europe
continued to struggle during the year as a result of the region’s debt crisis.
At the close of 2012, we began to see some stability emerging that gives
us optimism going forward.
Due mainly to the fire in Australia, our Asia-Pacific sales were down
13% during 2012. While we were able to continue serving the Australia
and New Zealand markets by importing from our carpet tile plants in
Thailand, China and elsewhere, sales and profitability were substantially
impacted by supply chain logistics and associated costs. The good news
is that Australia maintained a respectable profit margin for the full year,
and we have secured a new facility to replace the Picton plant. The new site
will be up and running by the end of 2013 with state of the art manufacturing
equipment. Outside of Australia, our business in Southeast Asia substantially
increased its operating income and our China sales continued to grow,
particularly with local customers in regional mainland cities.
We are now exclusively a carpet tile business, made possible by the
sale of Bentley Prince Street, which was primarily a broadloom carpet
operation. The transaction allows us to redeploy capital to focus on our
core modular carpet business, where we have the global scale to generate
stronger returns and more value for our shareholders, and it contributed
nicely to our year-ending cash balance of $91 million.
 high point in our pursuit of Mission Zero
®
– our goal to eliminate
our negative environmental impact – is our partnership with the Zoological
Society of London on a project called Net-Works™. Together we are
working with communities in the Philippines to collect discarded fishing
nets that are damaging a large coral reef, and diverting them to our yarn
supplier where they are recycled into new carpet fiber. Net-Works provides
both environmental and socio-economic benefits and we are looking to
expand the program.
We are also increasing employee engagement through workshops
and improved communications through a new collaborative innovation
team that is focused on accelerating breakthroughs to help us achieve our
sustainability goals. We continue to expand Mission Zero beyond our walls,
refining our supply chain to make it more sustainable.
We have a lot to look forward to in 2013. Both the macro-
environment and project pipeline point to continued sales growth in the
U.S., Latin America, and Southeast Asia. Two key investments, FLOR
and our China business, are expected to contribute to our profitability
this year. While still a concern, the Eurozone seems to have stabilized
somewhat. Gross margin should expand as we continue to tightly control
costs commensurate with sales increases. Our Australia business is still
adjusting to the import model, but should benefit as supply chain efficiency
improves and the approaching re-commencement of local manufacturing
builds confidence in our customers and employees. In addition, looking
across our business segments and geographic regions around the
world, Interface continues to see a substantial opportunity for growth by
converting floors to our carpet tile.
Interface celebrates its 40th anniversary in 2013 resting on a strong
foundation and the belief that the best is yet to come.
Yours very truly,
Daniel T Hendrix
Chairman and Cheif Executive Officer
