         Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The year 2008 entailed two markedly different stories for Interface. During the first half of the year, we plowed forward with a full head of steam coming off our prior year’s success. Our end markets were robust, sales and earnings were up, and we were on track to have our best year ever. Then, the landscape changed.
We all know the history by now. First, the subprime mortgage meltdown occurred, and its tentacles stretched much farther than most people realized, wreaking devastation on Wall Street and among the entire financial industry worldwide. This, in turn, caused the credit markets to freeze, depriving many people and companies of the funds they needed to run their lives and businesses. Without those funds, spending dried up and anxiety took over, sending the global economy into a tailspin and leading it deep into a recession.
Unfortunately, Interface was not immune to these events. Our business began leveling off in the third quarter – although we continued to hang tough through October. But then, we saw a rapid decline in order and sales activity in almost every geographic market, as discretionary spending cuts and the general lack of liquidity caused many of our customers to cancel or delay construction and renovation projects where our carpet products are used.
While every downturn is different, the current one is remarkable in its severity and pace. For example, in each of the last two downturns, we experienced high single-digit or low double-digit percentage sales declines over spans of roughly two years, and then began to recover. In contrast, in this downturn, we experienced an approximate 30% sales decline within a four month period.
We acted quickly to protect our profitability by implementing cost-saving restructuring initiatives in the fourth quarter of 2008 and first quarter of 2009, mostly in the form of employee reductions and the shutdown of our manufacturing operation in Canada. By the time these actions are completed, we will have reduced our employee base by about 20% and implemented other measures that, all combined, are projected to save us over $47 million on an annualized basis. We should begin to realize some of these savings in the second quarter of 2009. While employee reductions are never taken lightly, they are necessary to survive in this challenging environment. And unfortunately, we may not have seen the end, as we will continue to monitor our costs and keep them closely in line with demand.
There is some good news. Over the past eight years we’ve worked hard to reposition our Company to withstand the cyclical nature of our industry. With our market diversification strategy, we’ve penetrated non-office segments (which now represent 40% of our sales) that are less susceptible to drastic swings in the economy. We’ve developed our business in emerging geographic markets such as China, India, and the Middle East, which now represent approximately 10% of our sales. Today, 53% of our business is derived from locations outside the U.S., leaving us less vulnerable to a downturn in its economy. We have exited non-core businesses that were a drag on our earnings, even in the best of times. We’ve also reduced our debt considerably, and widened our lead in the one key area that gives us perhaps our greatest competitive advantage – sustainability. As a result, we are in a much better position today than we were going into the last downturn in 2001.
From a sales perspective, our priority is to take market share. Notwithstanding the downturn, the secular shift away from broadloom and toward modular carpet is continuing, and our market-leading position in modular will help drive our sales. While the corporate office market may continue to languish in the near term, after years of penetrating non-office segments we now have a more balanced market approach. We are particularly optimistic about our prospects in segments such as government, education, and healthcare, where economic stimulus packages sponsored by governments in the U.S. and other countries should help firm up sales. Our FLOR business also has plenty of headroom for growth in the enormous U.S. residential
market, as more and more homeowners come to appreciate the beauty and versatility of carpet tile.
Without the same robust top line growth we have experienced over the past few years, preserving our profitability necessarily will have to come from the cost side of the equation. Our focus here will be on reducing costs and running the business to generate cash. Generating cash is critical because our 10.375% bonds mature on February 1, 2010, and with the credit markets remaining sluggish, we must plan for the contingency of paying off these bonds without being able to access the capital markets on favorable terms. As we did in the last down cycle, we will limit capital expenditures primarily to required plant maintenance and innovations around sustainability and new products. (Capital expenditures for 2009 are expected to be an amount roughly equating to 40% of our anticipated depreciation and amortization.) To further reduce costs, we will continue our focus on optimizing material usage, obtaining price concessions from suppliers, and increasing manufacturing efficiencies.
While spending will be kept at a minimum, we must be careful not to cut out the heart and soul of our Company: our focus on sustainability. Sustainability may very well be the beacon that lights our path through this downturn, because it not only drives us to innovate but also provides us with a unifying sense of higher purpose. It also is increasingly important to our customers (including many government purchasers around the world) and our leadership position gives us the ability to capitalize on this dynamic in the marketplace. Recent key innovations based on sustainability include our TacTiles® glueless carpet tile installation system, and the incorporation of post-consumer recycled nylon into carpet face fiber. If we can accelerate our pursuit of sustainability now and continue using it as a differentiator, the opportunities it will provide during the eventual upturn could be tremendous.
We also must take care to ensure that our reduced spending doesn’t impair our ability to serve our customers. As the only carpet tile company with manufacturing capabilities on four continents, and with our global sales and marketing presence, we can meet the needs of our customers in almost every corner of the world. We also have plenty of capacity at our existing manufacturing facilities, so our tightly controlled capital expenditures should not affect our service capabilities.
Despite the recession and its worldwide effects, Interface remains the same great company in which you chose to invest. We still have what we believe are the best brands, products, designs, and sales force in the industry. We still have global make-to-order manufacturing capabilities, and we still provide excellent service to our customers. We continue to lead the market’s shift to carpet tile, and we are a world-renown authority in the area of sustainability, constantly striving to reduce the impact our operations have on the environment. The backbone and soul of our Company remain as strong as ever.
Your management team is focused on the business at hand. We’re intent on making sure that Interface is in a financial position to not only weather the current environment, but to be able to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace that I’ve described, and emerge as an even stronger competitor. We have the right people in place, and we’re dedicated to growing the business and overcoming the challenges that lie ahead. While we cannot predict the market’s demand, we can take charge over the matters within our control – and we have done so. Even in a down market, we can create plenty of business opportunities, and we will go after them everywhere they exist.
Yours very truly,
Daniel T. Hendrix
President and Chief Executive Officer
          