Dear fellow shareholders,
All the elements may have been there in 2001, but today's Interface is a remarkably different company than we were back then. Over the past four years, we've taken those basic components and transformed our company into something more resilient and more flexible--and more profitable. We pioneered into new markets, innovated with new products and processes, and learned to "do more with less." Interface is now beginning to bear the fruits of these efforts, and 2005 was a testament to that fact. Through it all, the one constant that has kept us at the forefront of the market is our leadership in design. Floorcoverings and fabrics undeniably have a profound impact on décor, whether in the workplace, entertainment venue, retail store, school or home. Styles change over time and vary from place to place, market to market. So for a company like ours, offering fashionable products is crucial. And nobody does it better than Interface. We consistently set the gold standard for design in our industry. In the early years, we took carpet tile out of the category of "functional product" and put it into one of high style and beauty. Interface was the first to embrace the possibilities inherent in tile, moving away from the monolithic broadloom look during the mid-90s. From there, we introduced the market to the concept of biomimicry, and created a true paradigm shift for modular carpet with our highly successful i2TM collection and patented random installation products. These innovations led us to where we are today: our Interface modular carpet business being recognized in the 2005 Floor Focus magazine survey of the top interior designers in the U.S. as #1 in design, and our Bentley Prince Street business in second place. (It's worth mentioning at this point that Interface also was the top choice in all the other categories: service, quality, performance, and value--an unprecedented feat. Bentley Prince Street was second or third in all the categories, too. Quite an endorsement from the marketplace!) We've made tremendous progress financially, and accomplished some significant strategic goals. But the journey is far from over. Where are we going from here? Our vision is to demonstrate to the world that Interface can become truly sustainable in all its dimensions, and here's how we will do it. We will become master marketers. Interface always has been excellent at selling its products--even in the face of adverse market conditions--but today we are raising the bar on our marketing efforts. We undoubtedly have the best brands in the industry, and our goal is to understand them better and determine how to leverage them further in the marketplace. We will reinvent the market for carpet tile. Five years ago marked the beginning of our plan to expand our modular business in non-corporate office market segments, and who would have thought that those markets would now account for nearly 40% of our sales? We will continue to drive wider acceptance of carpet tile as the "flooring of choice" in every market--both commercial and residential--around the world. We will perfect the customer experience. From beginning to end, the process of purchasing our products must be first class, and our customers will be assured that they are getting the very best in quality and service. We will develop the future leaders of our company. Our associates are the lifeblood of our business, and the engagement of our talented employees is essential to our success. We will continue to invest in them to secure the vitality of our company. We will prove the business case for sustainability. We have gained the credibility that comes with being a first mover, and, more importantly, have earned tremendous goodwill with our customers. Sustainability is ingrained in our culture-- nearly every decision that we make is influenced by our commitment to its principles. It's part of what makes us unique and distinguishes us from our competitors, and we're taking advantage of it in the marketplace. We will use the fashion runway as our reference point for product development. Through the genius of our designers, Interface is the undisputed style leader, and we will continue to show the world the attractiveness and originality of our products. We will stay on the cutting edge of design trends, and our custom development capabilities and unparalleled speed to market will give us an even bigger competitive advantage when it comes to new product introduction. And last, but certainly not least, we will continue to minimize expenses and pay down debt. We will remain focused on improving our capital structure, and resist the urge to spend more as our performance improves. Our 2005 performance laid a solid foundation upon which to build. Now is the time to transform the company once again--to get a leg up, take control of our destiny, and move our business forward. Fashion forward. Sincerely,

Daniel T. Hendrix President and Chief Executive Officer

(one)

