 TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
THE YEAR 2015 was another successful
year for our Company. Our off-price values
continued to resonate with our new and
already loyal customers across all of our
geographies. We achieved above-plan
results and brought our values to more
consumers around the world as we
expanded our global reach to three new
countries. We were delighted that customer
traffic was the primary driver of our comparable
store sales increases, both on a consolidated basis and at each of our four large divisions. Consumers are loving our stores and shopping them more frequently, and we are convinced that we are gaining market share in an ever-competitive retail environment. Marmaxx, our largest division, posted very strong results while bringing T.J. Maxx and Marshalls to even more U.S. shoppers. HomeGoods achieved outstanding results as we intro- duced this chain’s eclectic mix of home fashions to more U.S. regions. TJX Canada delivered remarkable top-line performance and furthered our penetration of that country. TJX International had a very solid year, expanding our presence in Europe and entering Australia with the acquisition of Trade Secret. We are excited about our e-commerce businesses in the U.S. and U.K., which we view as another attractive avenue to gain more customers, both online and in our stores. We were also happy to open additional Sierra Trading Post stores as we are always testing new ideas and initiatives.
In 2015, we surpassed the $30-billion milestone, with net sales reaching $30.9 billion. This was up 6%, or an increase of almost $2 billion, over 2014 and con- solidated comparable store sales grew a strong 5%. Net income rose to $2.3 billion and diluted earnings per share were $3.33, which, on an adjusted basis, was a 5% increase over the prior year’s strong growth.1 While our more modest EPS increase in 2015 reflected the significant negative impact of foreign currency and our wage initiative, which is part of our strategy to continue attracting and retaining
the best talent and remaining compet- itive, we were pleased to exceed our expectations. We are very proud that 2015 marked the 20th con- secutive year of consolidated comparable store sales increases. In our history as a Company, we have had an annual comparable store sales decline in only one year. Further, merchandise margins increased while we offered amazing values to our customers. Overall, we grew square footage by 5%, adding a net total of 219 stores, to end the fiscal year with 3,614 stores. Notably, we closed only one store in a volatile retail environment in 2015. We are also extremely proud to employ approximately 216,000 Associates worldwide
as of the end of the year.
KEY REASONS FOR OUR CONFIDENCE
We are convinced that tremendous opportunity remains to bring our values to more consumers in the U.S. and internationally. As we continue to pursue our goals for global growth and gaining market share profitably, our key
strengths give us great confidence. TJX is one of the most flexible retailers in the world. We believe that the same elements of our business that allow us to be extremely flexible and differentiate us from other major retailers are important advantages in our continuing
successful growth.
At the core is our commitment to value, our mission since the beginning. Throughout our history, our formula of delivering value through a combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality has resonated with consumers across all of our geographies, in many retail and economic
environments. We are confident that our focus on delivering amazing value to consumers will continue to attract new shoppers and keep our already loyal customers coming
back to our stores!
2

                                                                                                                                 UNITED STATES
NEARLY FOUR DECADES OF GROWTH
WITH MORE TO COME
    
                                                                                                                                                                                EUROPE
20+ YEARS OF BUILDING TEAMS, INFRASTRUCTURES AND CUSTOMER LOYALTY
                                                                                                        
  Behind our amazing values is a world-class buying organization that we believe is the best in retail. We have dedicated nearly 40 years to cultivating our merchandising talent and improving our off-price buying processes.
Our buying team numbers more than
1,000 Associates, and our total
merchandising organization, which
includes our planning and allocation
group, is nearly double that size. Our
focus on teaching and training and our
passion for upholding our strong corporate culture have created an environment where many of our merchants have been with us for multiple decades.
We see ourselves as a global sourcing machine, with buyers based in 11 countries across 4 continents, buying merchandise from a universe that now numbers more than 18,000 vendors in over 100 countries. We seek to build long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors, which has led to some of the strongest vendor relationships in retail. With our global reach and vast vendor universe, we have the flexibility to be nimble in the marketplace, capitalize on the best merchandise opportunities, and bring consumers new and exciting fash- ions and brands. We are convinced that our constantly fresh, eclectic mix of merchandise from around the globe sets us apart from many other retailers.
Our global supply chain and distribution network have been developed during almost four decades to support our highly integrated, international business. Our proprietary IT systems are designed to support the complexities of our global, off-price model and opportunistic buying. Our distribution network can efficiently process buys that are very small or extremely large, from among thousands of vendors, and precisely allocate that merchandise to the right stores at the right time across our more than 3,600 stores. The flexibility of our global supply chain and distribution network allows us to pursue hot merchandise categories and shift our product selections rapidly to respond to changing consumer preferences and market trends.
Our ability to capitalize on our global presence is another major reason for our confidence. We have extensive international experience and infrastructure, operating ten chains in nine countries. We are the largest off-price retailer in the U.S. and Canada and the only major brick-and-mortar, off-price retailer in Europe and Australia. We operate highly integrated, synergistic and flexible businesses across many geographies. Each of our four large divisions is centered around our value mission and we function as one TJX. We take a “no walls” approach to communications, sharing ideas,
talent, initiatives, and best practices across all divisions. We view our ability to leverage our global presence as a major advantage in cap-
turing additional market share and continu- ing to expand our international footprint.
Growing And Gaining Market Share Profitably
We see tremendous potential to continue achieving sales and market share gains profitably well into the future. Our growth strategy is focused on these key drivers: driving customer traffic and comparable store sales,
global store growth, and new seeds and innovation.
DRIVING CUSTOMER TRAFFIC AND COMPARABLE STORE SALES
We are extremely pleased with our significant increases in customer traffic and comparable store sales in 2015 and are convinced that great opportunity remains to grow our U.S. and international customer base. We believe our U.S. consumer penetration levels remain below most
major department stores’ and the opportunity to expand our reach in existing and new international markets is huge. We reach a very wide customer demographic. In 2015, we grew our customer base across all age brackets and are particularly happy with the increases among millennial shoppers across all our divisions,
which bodes well for our future.
To reach even more consumers, we are capitalizing on our global marketing capabilities. During the holiday season, we leveraged our tri-branded campaigns across the U.S. and Canada, and we utilized elements of our U.K. campaign in our other European markets. In 2016, we will continue our integrated marketing approach to engage with shoppers through television, radio, digital, mobile,
and social media to further increase recognition of our retail brands. To encourage more frequent visits and cross shopping of our retail chains, we are
 5

 growing our loyalty programs in the U.S., Canada and U.K. This is an important initiative, as customers who shop more than one of our retail chains, on average, spend considerably more with us.
E-commerce remains an important element of our strat- egies to drive customer traffic. We view e-commerce as complementary to our very successful brick-and- mortar business and a way to introduce consumers who discover us online to our stores. We are maintaining our methodical approach to “Grow Smart.” This includes offering a differentiated mix online to drive customer traffic and sales that are generally incremental to our brick-and-mortar business. We are delighted to offer consumers a convenient way to shop our values 24/7!
We are committed to upgrading the customer shopping experience and making our stores better every day. Our overall customer satisfaction scores reached a record high in 2015, yet we still see room to become even better. In 2016, we plan to remodel approximately 240 stores across the Company, incorporating the valuable feedback we receive from our customers. We are convinced that our focus on the shopping experience, along with our trend-right merchandise and great values, will help our retail brands become even more top of mind and must- shop destinations!
GLOBAL STORE GROWTH
We see vast potential to expand our retail chains around the world. We believe we can grow our store base by more than 50%, to 5,600 stores long term. This growth reflects the opportunity we see with just our current chains in just our current markets alone. Beyond this, we are confident our value concept can work in any country where consumers seek great fashion and brands at amazing prices. In 2016, we plan to add about 195 stores, which would represent 5%storegrowth.Intoday’svolatileretailenvironment, it’s worth noting that our plans for 2016 reflect no store closings, which speaks to the fundamental strength of our business, our disciplined approach to real estate, and our decades
of operating expertise in the U.S. and internationally.
At MARMAXX, we are confident significant potential remains to continue growing our largest, most profitable division. During 2015, Marshalls opened its 1,000th
store, reaching an exciting milestone and joining T.J. Maxx in being a 1,000-plus store chain. We believe Marmaxx can grow to 3,000 stores long term, which would be over 800 more stores than today. Underscoring our confidence is this division’s long track record of
consistent, excellent results. Marmaxx delivered a 4% annual comparable store sales increase in 2015, which is remarkable for a division with stores that average 18 years in age. Marmaxx also maintained very strong profits despite the negative impact of our wage increases. We have been successfully locating stores closer to one
another and are encouraged by the attractive returns of our new stores. In addition, we see meaningful oppor- tunity to further penetrate both urban and rural markets.
We were proud to open our 500th HOMEGOODS store in 2015 and even more excited about the white space we see to bring this chain to more U.S. markets. There are about 85 U.S. markets where we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls that do not have a HomeGoods, which speaks to our opportunity to bring our values
to new markets with shoppers already loyal to TJX retail chains. We believe we can almost double the size of HomeGoods to 1,000 stores long term. Giving us confidence in our continued successful growth are HomeGoods’ consistently strong results. This
division’s annual comparable store sales increases have averaged 7% in the last seven years! Customers love HomeGoods’ ever-changing, unique selections of home fashions from around the world. HomeGoods’ in-store inventories turn the fastest of all of our divisions, with virtually one third of an average HomeGoods store changing every week, which is one of the reasons this
chain is such an exciting shopping destination!
At TJX CANADA, which includes Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls, we celebrated our 25th year in Canada in 2015! This division achieved a 12% comparable store sales increase, with double-digit increases every quarter of the year. Since we acquired Winners as a five-store chain in 1990, we have built this division to become a leading Canadian retailer with three successful chains. TJX Canada
is by far the largest off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in Canada, yet we still see very solid store growth potential in that country. Our long-term growth estimate of 500 stores represents our potential to add more than 100
stores, primarily reflecting the opportunity we see for Marshalls, our newest chain in Canada, and further expansion of Winners into rural communi- ties. Our customers in Canada are extremely loyal, and we are convinced that our long track record
 6

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CANADA
BRINGING CANADIANS AMAZING VALUES FOR 25 YEARS
                                                      
 AUSTRALIA
EXCITED TO OPERATE STORES IN 9 COUNTRIES AND 3 CONTINENTS

  of success in this country will continue to serve us well.
At TJX INTERNATIONAL,
which comprises T.K. Maxx
and HomeSense in Europe,
and Trade Secret in Australia,
we see huge opportunities! In
Europe, we see enormous white
space in existing and new markets.
We are thrilled to now be operating
in Australia and see great prospects
for TJX in that region of the world. Our
long-term store growth target for TJX International is 1,100 stores, more than double our current store base. Importantly, this reflects the potential we see to grow to 975 stores with our current chains in our current European markets alone, and 125 stores in Australia, before contemplating additional European countries for T.K. Maxx, growing HomeSense beyond the U.K. or further expansion in Australia.
In Europe, we remain the only major brick-and-mortar off- price retailer of significant size. In the U.K. and Ireland, we are well recognized by consumers as a leading fashion retailer. We are extremely pleased with our business in Germany, where we’re nearing the 100-store mark and operate some of the highest volume stores in our entire Company. In Poland, we’ve become a destination for exciting fashions and brands in a country without an established department store sector. In 2015, we were delighted to launch T.K. Maxx in Austria and the Nether- lands, our fifth and sixth European countries, respectively. We have been encouraged by the initial customer re- sponse in both markets, which reinforces our confidence in our future expansion plans. We plan to continue our aggressive pace of store openings in Europe this year to strengthen our leadership position and capitalize on first-mover advantages in new markets. We could not be more excited about our future in Europe!
In 2015, we were delighted to add Trade Secret, an off- price Australian retailer with 35 stores, to our family of businesses. Our expansion into Australia fits directly into our clear vision for global growth. Trade Secret offers us immediate scale and first-mover advantages on our third continent. We believe that, similar to
our successful expansion in Canada, we can further develop Trade Secret by leveraging our off-price leadership experience and strengths. Trade Secret is a strong cultural fit with TJX and we are excited about the future prospects of this chain.
NEW SEEDS AND INNOVATION
We are confident that our ongoing focus on developing new seeds and innovation is a driving force of our long-term success. We are never complacent and are constantly testing new ideas across the Company that could lead to new categories or initiatives and fuel our future growth. In 2016, we will continue to test Sierra Trading Post stores which leverage our deep operational and merchandising capabilities. We see ourselves as leaders in innovation and are convinced this will keep us differentiated from the rest of the retail world and be a
major driver of our continued success!
INVESTING TO SUPPORT OUR GROWTH
To support our near- and long-term vision for growth, we are strategically reinvesting in the business. With many initiatives underway, and many more planned, investing to bring TJX to the next level of growth remains a top priority. We are disciplined in our approach, balancing our growth with investments in order to build a strong foundation today that will position us well in the future. In 2016, we plan to continue investing in our supply chain and distri- bution network to ensure that we have sufficient capacity
to support our U.S. and international store growth and expansion into new countries. Further, we will continue investing in new stores and store remodels, new seeds, and talent and training. Importantly, we are investing in ini- tiatives that can benefit from our decades of knowledge and expertise, which gives us confidence that our strategies will be successful. We are confident that investing ahead of our growth will strongly position TJX to continue
expanding and capturing market share profitably around the world.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH
Of course, our financial strength and flexibility give us great confidence. Our superior financial returns and enormous cash generation allow us to simultaneously invest in the growth of the business and return cash to shareholders. We take a dis- ciplined approach to capital allocation, which drove our strong 22% return on invested capital in 2015. Our “A+” Standard and Poor’s rating is one of the strongest in retail and is an important metric for our vendors, landlords and other business associates. In 2015, we generated
 9
 
   $2.9 billion in cash from operations and spent a total of $1.8 billion to repurchase stock, retiring 26.5 million shares, and we increased the per-share dividend 20%.
We remain committed to maintaining our
very strong credit ratings and continuing our dividend and share buyback programs. In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved a 24% increase in the per-share dividend, which represents the 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. Over this period of time, the Company’s dividend has risen at a compound annual rate of 23%. Further, in 2016, we plan to continue our significant share buyback program, with approximately $1.5 to $2.0 billion of repurchases planned for the year. All of these actions underscore our confidence in our ability to continue delivering strong, profitable sales and cash flow, and generate superior financial returns.
2016 OUTLOOK AND LONG-TERM STRATEGIC VISION
We could not be more excited about the future of TJX! We have many initiatives under way to drive customer traffic and sales and are continuing our investments in talent and infrastructure to take advantage of our tremendous global growth potential. The key strengths that differentiate TJX from most other retailers give us great confidence that our value proposition will work in markets beyond our current footprint. In 2016, we are planning our earnings per share to reflect a significant negative impact from foreign currency, in addition to our wage initiative that we announced in early 2015. While we continue to plan annual comparable store sales growth in the 1% to 2% range, as a management team, we are passionate about surpassing our goals. Our business is very strong, we see excellent opportunities for our Company domestically and internationally, and we are pursuing many growth initiatives in both the near and long term. We are convinced that we will achieve our goals and the next milestone of becoming a $40 billion-plus Company!
OUR GRATITUDE
In 2015, Bernard “Ben” Cammarata, the Founder of our Company, decided to retire as Chairman of the Board of TJX, a role in which he served since 1999. We are delighted that Ben will remain with TJX in an advisory role as Founder and Executive Advisor, and the Company will
continue to benefit from his expertise. Ben has dedicated 40 years of his heart and soul to our Company and helped grow TJX from its infancy to the $30 billion-plus business we are today. His passion for our business is an inspiration, and the values upon which he founded the Company remain core to TJX. Ben founded T.J. Maxx in 1976 and became President and Chief Executive Officer of TJX in 1989. He served in that position until 2000 and was also Acting CEO from September 2005 to January 2007. He also previously served as Chairman of The Marmaxx Group. We are immensely grateful to Ben for the countless contributions he has made to this Company, and we very
much look forward to continuing to work with him.
We would also like to express our sincere appreciation to Nan Stutz, Senior Executive Vice President, Group President, who decided to retire from TJX last year. In her 25-year tenure with TJX, Nan also served as President of HomeGoods and in several senior merchant roles.
With her keen merchandising expertise and strategic leadership, Nan was a great part of TJX’s success. We would like to extend our deepest gratitude for her dedication and commitment to our business and wish her
and her family our very best.
We sincerely appreciate the hard work and dedication of our Associates across the globe. We are also very grateful to our existing and new customers for their patronage. Finally, we also thank our fellow share- holders, vendors and other business associates for
their ongoing support. Respectfully,
Carol Meyrowitz EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Ernie Herrman
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT
     1On a GAAP basis, Fiscal 2016 diluted EPS increased 6% over EPS of $3.15 in Fiscal 2015 which includes a Fiscal 2015 second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $.01.
10
