To Our Fellow Shareholders:
We are very proud of our strong performance in 2010. We grew the top and bottom lines substantially over extraordinary growth in the prior year. We are even prouder of this Company’s ability to deliver strong, consistent growth year after year, through strong and weak economies. This speaks to the tremendous flexibility of our off-price business model, and our ability to successfully capitalize on that flexibility.
In 2010, we ran our business with extremely low levels of inventories, which drove faster inventory turns and higher merchandise margins over large increases in the prior year, and we believe we can reduce our inventories even further. Our consolidated comparable store sales continued to be driven by customer traffic, as our great values are attracting new customers and retaining our loyal customer base. Offering great values on great brands and fashions is our mission and we focus every day on the best ways of delivering that value. Our cost-reduction initiatives helped fuel profitability in 2010, and we remain vigilant on controlling costs. We are convinced that we have further opportunities to improve in all of these areas, which gives us great confidence that our strong top- and bottom-line performance will continue in 2011 and
 Our flflexibility allows us to operate stores in a wide variety of locations and capitalize on great real estate opportunities, as we have in
New York City. In many locations around the U.S., Marshalls and T.J. Maxx can be located in close proximity.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2

beyond. Further, we believe the actions that we took in 2010 to focus on fewer, larger businesses position us even more strongly to achieve our long-term growth goals.
In 2010, net sales reached $21.9 billion, up 8% over the prior year. Consolidated comparable store sales grew 4% over last year’s strong 6% increase. Income from continuing operations rose to $1.3 billion. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.49, up 23% over the prior year’s significant double-digit increase.1 The year 2010 marks the 15th consecutive year of earnings per share growth on a continuing operations basis. Overall, we grew total square footage by 4% and netted a total of 116 stores to end the fiscal year with 2,859 stores.
Value: Top-of-Mind for Consumers
Our customer traffic was up throughout 2010 over huge increases in the prior year, and continued to increase as we entered 2011. This indicates to us that value continues to be a top priority for consumers, regardless of the strength of the economy. We offer consumers great values,
which for us, is the combination of great fashions, brands, quality, and price. We strongly believe that our amazing values are why our loyal customers will continue to choose our stores and new customers will turn to TJX brands. In fact, our customer research tells us that we have significantly increased our U.S. market share and continue to widen our demographic reach. In 2010, our research showed that 37% of U.S. adults had shopped our stores within the last year versus 25% in 2009, and even more importantly, that the new customers we gained in 2010 intend to continue shopping our stores. Yet, significant opportunity for gaining more new customers remains, as there are tens of millions of untapped shoppers in the U.S. alone.
Strengthened Marketing + Upgraded Stores =
New Customers
In 2010, our investments to drive customer traffic and retain new customers paid dividends. Our strengthened marketing campaigns and increased advertising on U.S. network television in 2010 worked
  3

very well, as did our test of a triple-branding campaign for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods. In 2011, our marketing will reach out even more aggressively to consumers who have not yet shopped our stores, emphasizing that we are a source for current fashions at great values. Our initiatives to enhance the customer shopping experience are helping retain the new customers whom we are attracting through our effective marketing. In 2010, we saw sales lift in the 700 Marmaxx stores that we opened or remodeled in our new store prototype over the last two years. In 2011, we will continue our substantial store upgrade program to drive sales across all TJX banners.
Powerful Global Sourcing
We source merchandise in over 60 countries and view our- selves as a “sourcing machine.” Our vast vendor universe and global buying presence, which we continue to expand, afford us enormous flexibility in sourcing and are important factors giving us confidence in always having product availability. In 2010, we continued to open new vendor doors, growing our vendor universe to over 14,000 and gaining even
  Now with several locations in the heart of London, we are one of the few U.S. retailers to have expanded profifitably internationally. Europe continues to hold great growth potential for us as we are its only major off-price retailer.
                                                                                                                                                                                               4

 greater flexibility in sourcing. Unlike traditional
retailers which typically order merchandise
far in advance of when it is needed on the
selling floor, our merchant organization of
over 700 people constantly covers the
marketplace, buying great brands close to
need and into current fashion and pricing
trends. Opportunistic buying is core to our flexibility and allows us to offer customers better brands, more excitement and continuous freshness. Our store formats are very flex- ible, with no walls between departments, which enables us to shift merchandise categories to capitalize on the best buying opportunities and respond quickly to consumers’ changing tastes.
Running with Even Leaner Inventories
In the last two years, we have made significant improvements in our supply chain, which has enabled us to run our business with extremely low levels of inventories. As we run even leaner, we turn inventories even faster and drive more excitement to our stores, which has reduced markdowns and led to sequential improvement in our merchandise margins.
Lean inventory management is fundamental to our opportunistic buying because it affords us the flexibility to buy close to need and make better purchase decisions. Our distribution network and inventory planning infrastructure support this flexibility and are highly efficient, allowing us to tailor our
merchandise mix for particular regions and customer preferences. As effective as we are in this area, we believe we have substantial room for improvement to run even faster and leaner, which is a major factor in our confidence in sustaining our top- and bottom-line strength. Over the next few years, we plan to continue our investments to become even more precise in getting the right goods to the right stores at the right time.
As we entered 2011, there was considerable discussion in the retail industry about the sourcing and pricing environment. Historically, disruptions in the marketplace have benefited our business because they have created favorable off-price buying opportunities. With our very liquid inventory position, we can respond quickly to market trends. If other retailers
 5

respond to rising costs by raising their retail prices, then our pricing umbrella rises, generally presenting us the opportunity to raise our retail prices and drive merchandise margins, while maintaining our value gap with traditional retailers. If other retailers do not pass their costs on to consumers, we can use our flexibility to buy close to need, at the right price, which allows us to remain under the pricing umbrella while sustaining merchandise margins. Whichever direction prices go, our flexibility allows us to make adjustments faster than almost any other retailer, a positive for our business in any retail environment.
Continuing with Cost Control
At TJX, being a low cost operator allows us to offer customers great values while maintaining strong profitability. Our new stores require relatively low cash investments and are typically profitable within their first year of operation. While we have enhanced our marketing campaigns, our advertising expenses as a percentage of sales remain very low compared to traditional retailers. With our ongoing focus on cost control, we have achieved leverage on selling, general and administrative expenses overall over the last five years, despite
  Whether here in Miami or in a cold climate, we tailor our merchandise mix for various climates, regions, and customer preferences. We believe we can become even more precise in flflowing the right product to
the right stores at the right time.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                6

our facing the same rising healthcare and other costs as other companies. In 2010, we exceeded our plan to reduce costs, and in 2011, are planning cost reductions in the $50-$75 million range. Our continued cost-reduction initiatives are one of the reasons for our confidence in the sustainability of our profit margins in the short and long term.
A Focused Portfolio of Businesses
Our Company is comprised of a focused portfolio of four large divisions, with all of our retail chains running on the same off-price business platform. The synergies across our brands allow us the flexibility to share best practices, information,
announced toward the end of 2010. Although any decision that impacts so many Associates is an extremely difficult one, we are certain that this was the right decision for TJX as a whole. This move enables us to focus our managerial and financial resources on fewer, larger businesses with higher financial returns.
Four Strong Growth Vehicles
With over 2,700 stores today, we see the potential to grow our business to over 4,300 stores long term with our current portfolio of brands in our current markets. In 2011, we expect to grow square footage by 4% and net 115 stores.2 This is slightly less than our original plans for
2011, as we are slowing the pace of growth at TJX Europe this year. At the same time, we are accelerating growth at Marmaxx, HomeGoods, and TJX Canada in 2011, which have all been performing strongly.
Marmaxx delivered another outstanding year in 2010, with comparable store sales up 4% over the prior year’s exceptional
ideas and talent across divisions. Our ability stores in a wide variety of locations gives us the flexibility to capitalize on advantageous real estate opportunities.
In 2011, we are levering our flexible business portfolio to convert 90 of the former A.J. Wright stores into the more profitable T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods banners, as part of the A.J. Wright consolidation that we
to operate our
  7

7% increase and segment profit up 18% over record results last year. In addition to Marmaxx’s continued strong performance, T.J. Maxx and Marshalls have been very successful in more moderate-income markets, which gives us confidence in increasing our expectation for Marmaxx’s long-term store growth potential to 2,300- 2,400 stores. This represents 300-400 more stores than we originally envisioned, considering our ability to grow T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in what would have been A.J. Wright markets.
HomeGoods achieved excellent results in 2010, driving strong sales and profit increases over record results in the prior year. This division has improved its merchandise mix and value equation and has seen customer traffic increase as a result. With HomeGoods’ consistent performance, we also see opportunities to expand this store chain beyond our previous thinking. We now believe that we can nearly double the size of HomeGoods over time to at least 600 stores.
TJX Canada had terrific performance in 2010, which bodes well for our launch of Marshalls in Canada, where we opened
 From Toronto to the western and Atlantic provinces, we have operated in Canada very successfully since 1990. We are excited to bring the Marshalls brand to Canada in 2011 and believe that we can grow Marshalls to a chain of 90-100 stores there over time.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           8

 our first three stores to terrific customer response in March 2011. We have achieved our highest returns in Canada, so we are thrilled to bring another growth vehicle to that country. This is another example of our emphasis on international expansion, and long term, we see the potential to grow to 420-430 stores in Canada.
Results at TJX Europe were disappointing in 2010. We believe that opening 54 stores in 2010, although right for the business long term, pressured the organization, causing us to lose some of our focus on our off-price fundamentals. We believe that slowing growth this year will give our team time to refocus on our value equation of great fashions, brands, quality, and price. We are also strengthening our European organization and levering the knowledge of seasoned TJX veterans from across the Company. TJX Europe had been on a very successful 15-year trajectory, and we are convinced that it will get back onto its very solid track this year. We remain as confident as ever in our long-term outlook in Europe, where the competitive landscape is rich
with opportunities and we believe we have the potential to grow to 750-875 stores in our existing markets.
Financial Strength and Flexibility
Our financial strength and flexibility have
long been cornerstones of our success and give us great confidence in our ability to navigate various economic and retail environments. Our “A” Standard & Poor’s credit rating is one of the strongest in retail, which is important to our vendors, landlords and other business associates. Our strong operations and low cost model enable us to deliver superior financial returns that are among the highest in retail. In 2010, we generated $2.0 billion in cash from operations and our after-tax return on invested capital reached approximately 20%. We deploy this cash with a careful balance between maintaining our financial flexibility while simultaneously reinvesting in our businesses and distributing excess cash to shareholders. In 2010, we spent a total of $1.2 billion to
 9

repurchase TJX stock, which was more than we originally planned, retiring 27.6 million shares, and increased the per- share dividend 25%.
In 2011, we will continue our balanced approach to managing cash. We are increasing capital spending to $800-$825 million to support continued growth and improvement in our stores and investments in our supply chain and infrastructure. Simultaneously, we plan to continue our significant share buyback program, with $1.2 billion of repurchases planned for 2011. Further, we increased the per-share dividend by 27% again in April 2011, which represents the 15th consecutive year of dividend increases. These actions underscore our confidence in our ability to continue to deliver significant increases in sales, earnings, and cash flow, and to generate superior financial returns.
Strengthening Our Organization
We have taken important steps to strengthen our organization which we believe provides continuity of strong leadership and further supports our goals of growing TJX successfully over the coming years. Ernie Herrman, a TJX veteran with many years of merchandising and executive leadership, has taken on a bigger role with the Company as TJX President. We are proud of our outstanding management team which together, has many decades of TJX experience and has led this Company through good as well as difficult economic times, delivering strong financial performance and growth.
In Closing
Our strong 2010 performance demonstrates the power and flexibility of our off-price business model to deliver steady, year-over-year growth in both recessionary and recovery periods. We have great opportunities in 2011 and beyond and are convinced that our strong sales and profits are sustainable. We believe that value is more important than ever in consumers’ minds. Our vast sourcing universe affords us enormous flexibility to react quickly to market trends and consumer preferences and capitalize on buying opportunities. We remain focused on reducing inventory levels to drive the top and bottom lines, as well as improving our supply chain and controlling costs. With our “no walls” approach to sharing information, we are convinced that we will advance all of these aspects of our business to succeed. We are offering
consumers great fashions, brands, quality, and price, which is why we believe we will continue to be a Retailer of Choice, capable of growing to twice our size today!
OUR GRATITUDE
We would like to gratefully acknowledge the dedicated service of Robert Shapiro, who stepped down as a member of our Board of Directors since our last letter. A Director since 1974, Bob made significant contributions to the success of our Company in his several decades of service. We wish Bob and his family the best for future success and good health.
We know that without the hard work and dedication of our 166,000 Associates, our success would not be possible, and we thank them for it. Our customers are also to be deeply thanked for their patronage. We also thank our vendors and other business associates. Last, but not least, we very much appreciate the support of our fellow shareholders.
Respectfully,
       1 On a U.S. GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in fiscal 2011 increased 16% to $3.30. Fiscal 2011 adjusted earnings per share exclude the $.02 per share benefit from a reduction in the Company’s provision related to the previously announced computer intrusion(s) and a $.21 per share negative impact from the previously announced A.J. Wright consolidation and store closings.
2 Excludes A.J. Wright store closings and consolidations. 10
Bernard Cammarata Chairman of the Board
Carol Meyrowitz
Chief Executive Officer
