                2
* On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 37% over $2.08 in the prior year. Fiscal 2009 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations exclude the positive impacts of a $.09 per share benefit from the 53rd week in the fiscal year, a $.04 per share reduction to the reserve for the previously announced computer intrusion(s) and a $.03 per share benefit due to a tax-related adjustment.
TJX is an unconventional retailer. Our stores have no walls between departments and our business model is extremely flexible, which allows us to navigate various economic and business cycles successfully. Our inventories turn about nine times per year at store level, which enables our buyers to buy with short lead times, reacting quickly to changing consumer demand and driving strong merchandise margins. We source globally and operate more like a sourcing machine than most retailers. We have an unusually broad demographic reach. We are one of the very few U.S. retailers to have grown successfully in Europe, where we continue to have major growth potential. These elements have been at the root of our consistent, successful performance, having delivered steady earnings growth, some of the highest returns on investment in retail, and only one year in 33 with a negative consolidated comparable store sales figure. These elements are also at the root of our confidence in our ability to continue to grow our top and bottom lines in 2010 and beyond and that our Company can grow to be a $30 billion and then a
$40 billion Company in the longer term.
To Our Fellow Shareholders:
The year 2009 was an outstanding year for our Company. In one of the worst economic environments the U.S., Canada and Europe have ever faced, we delivered superior results, with all of our businesses achieving top- and bottom-line growth that exceeded our expec- tations. Our strong sales performance was driven by significant increases in customer traffic as a whole new group of consumers were attracted to our selections of top brands at great values. We ran our business with historically low levels of inventories, leading to faster inventory turns, and significantly reduced our costs, which fueled profitability. We seized the day by taking advantage of the unusually good real estate opportunities that the economic environment presented and also opened thousands of new vendor doors. We also learned a great deal from managing through these tough times that will benefit our business in the future.
We surpassed the $20-billion milestone in 2009, with net sales reaching $20.3 billion,
a 7% increase over the 53-week prior year.
Consolidated comparable store sales increased by a strong 6% over last year despite compari- sons that were significantly more challenging than those of most other retailers. Net income from continuing operations rose to $1.2 bil- lion, and diluted earnings per share from con- tinuing operations were $2.84, a 48% increase over the adjusted $1.92 in the prior year.* The year 2009 marks our 14th consecutive year
of earnings per share growth on a continuing operations basis. Overall, we grew total square footage by 3% in 2009, netting 91 additional stores to end the year with 2,743 stores.
CONFIDENCE IN TOP-LINE GROWTH
Consumers Shift to Value
We saw significant increases in customer transactions across all of our businesses in 2009. We believe that there has been a para- digm shift among consumers to value and that our new customers will continue to be attracted to our great values even as the reces-

                sion abates. Whether the economy is weak or strong, value isn’t going out of style! Customers have shopped with us during good economic times and recessions, and they have stayed with us after the recessions have ended. What sets this recession apart from previous ones is that we have seen positive business trends accelerate during the recession, underscoring our belief that there has been a fundamental shift in the consumer psyche toward value.
Unusually Broad Customer Appeal
In 2009, we grew our customer base significantly as we have attracted customers from the moderate-, middle- and high- income brackets with our values. Internation-
ally, our customer demographic reach is even greater than in the U.S. as we are the only major off-price retailer operating on an inter- national platform. Our customer research tells us that the new customers we gained in 2009 are from a widening range of demographic groups and even more importantly, that
they intend to continue shopping our stores. Further, the opportunity for us to attract even more customers and gain more market share with our values is enormous. Our customer research further tells us that 75% of U.S. consumers did not shop our stores in the past year, which translates to tens of millions of untapped shoppers in the U.S. alone!
 In 33 years of business, our consolidated comparable store sales have increased in strong and weak economies and declined in only one year. This gives us confidence in our ability to continue achieving profitable growth.
 T.J. Maxx in the 1980s

                Investing to Retain New Customers
In the tough economic environment of 2009, we were one of the few retailers to invest significantly in marketing and enhancing our customers’ shopping experience, and we will continue to prioritize investments to drive customer traffic in 2010. Our marketing campaigns are stepping out and educating consumers about off-price. Customers re- sponded extremely well to our new campaign for T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, which enables us to lever advertising costs. We vastly extended our advertising reach and plan to further in- crease our market penetration in 2010. While our effective marketing is driving customers to our stores, a terrific shopping experience
is what will keep them coming back. To that end, we are upgrading stores across all of our businesses. At Marmaxx, we began an ex- tensive store remodel program in 2009 and expect to have 700 of our stores in our new prototype by fall 2010, ahead of the holiday selling season.
A Global Sourcing Machine
One way to think about our business model is as more of a sourcing machine than most other retailers. We source product globally, operating buying offices in nine countries around the world. We work with a vast ven- dor universe and are not dependent on any one particular vendor. In 2009, we opened
 TJX has an unusually wide demographic reach through our variety of retail chains in many geographies, attracting customers from a wide and diverse group from the moderate-, middle- and higher-income levels.
 
                  We opened more than 2,000 new vendor doors in 2009, expanding our vast vendor universe to over 12,000. Our merchant organization of over 700 people is constantly meeting with vendors, finding new sources of merchandise all the time.
more than 2,000 new vendor doors, bringing the number of vendors in our universe to over 12,000, and further enhancing our flexibil- ity. Our expectation for 2010 is to continue to grow our vendor base and “WOW” our customers even more with our great values on great brands and great fashions!
CONFIDENCE IN BOTTOM-LINE GROWTH
Driving Merchandise Margins
One of our key strategies for managing through the 2009 retail environment was maintaining exceptionally low inventory levels which drove faster inventory turns and higher
merchandise margins. In 2010, our plan is
to continue these strategies which gives us confidence in our ability to sustain strong profit margins. On a consolidated average, we now turn in-store inventories approximately nine times per year, which, for our customers, means an entirely fresh store about every 40 days! In 2010, we will be investing further
in our supply chain to become even more pointed in flowing the right merchandise to the right stores at the right time.
Controlling and Levering Costs
At TJX, operating with a low-cost structure has been a cornerstone of our business since the beginning because it enables us to pass
5

                great values through to our customers while
maintaining strong profitability. We focus aggressively on expenses throughout the operations of our business and our advertis- ing expenses as a percent of sales are very low relative to other retailers. Overall, our selling, general and administrative expenses as a per- centage of sales have remained essentially even over the last four years despite rising health- care and other costs.
In 2009, we undertook a series of actions to reduce costs by more than $150 million, which not only helped drive the bottom line, but also reduced our cost structure in ways that will benefit our business longer term. This is another reason for our confidence in
our strong profit margins being sustainable. We continue to see meaningful opportunities to remove costs from our business and
our expectation is to reduce expenses by
$50 - $75 million in 2010. Our “big rock” cost savings initiatives include non-merchan- dise procurement, improving efficiencies
at our stores and distribution centers, employing best practices and further improv- ing our supply chain.
The cost leverage that we are gaining as we grow our businesses is another major factor driving our profitable growth. Our younger businesses continue to move toward their targeted profit margin potentials. As they expand their store bases, we gain
 We ship a total of 30.8 million items to our stores in an average week. Our in-store inventories turn an average of about nine times per year, meaning our customers experience an entirely fresh store about every 40 days!
 
                  Our stores have no walls between departments, which allows us to shift product assortments quickly as customers’ tastes change. This helps drive business and also leads to higher merchandise margins.
leverage on infrastructure costs. We also
lever costs as our more established businesses continue to add stores to their chains, and in Europe, we are strengthening the bottom line as we expand because we are spreading costs across a wider European store base.
OUR VISION FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
Prioritizing Investments
Our vision is to grow TJX as a global off- price/value Company. As always, we will take a strategic, deliberate approach to growth, prioritizing investments in businesses with the strongest financial performance and opportu- nities. In 2010, we are prioritizing the growth
of Marmaxx and TJX Europe. Marmaxx delivered excellent results in 2009, with comparable store sales up a strong 7% and segment profit margin reaching an all-time high of 12%. Today, we believe T.J. Maxx and Marshalls are more differentiated than ever before, giving customers more reasons to shop both chains. With the changing retail landscape, we have both big and small market opportunities for Marmaxx. In 2010, we plan to net 53 additional stores at T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, combined. Longer term, we now believe that Marmaxx has the potential to add several hundred more stores.
In Europe, our business has developed from a promising growth seed into a core business over the last 15 years. T.K. Maxx
7

                is now the 7th largest fashion retailer in
the U.K.! Overall, TJX Europe outperformed our 2009 expectations, at the top and bottom line. We expect T.K. Maxx in Germany, launched in 2007, to be profitable in 2010. In Poland, where we opened our first
T.K. Maxx stores in fall 2009, initial results are very promising. Customer response to HomeSense in the U.K., which we opened in 2008, is phenomenal. We are the only major off-price retailer of any size in Europe and
our growth opportunities are vast. We expect to net a total of 54 additional stores in Europe in 2010.
We will take a steady approach to support- ing our HomeGoods and A.J. Wright growth
vehicles in 2010, with a view to accelerat-
ing store growth in 2011. HomeGoods had an outstanding year in 2009, sharpening its values and delivering segment profit margins that support our long-term growth plans.
A.J. Wright drove store profit contributions in 2009 to levels that give us confidence to ultimately roll out this chain further. At
TJX Canada, which also delivered strong performance in 2009 and has the highest return on investment of any of our businesses, we are refreshing the store prototype to inject excitement into our Canadian stores. We believe that we continue to have very exciting growth opportunities in Canada.
 We operate successfully in six countries and are one of the few American retailers to have expanded profitably internationally. In Europe, where our growth potential is vast, we plan to net 54 additional stores in 2010.
 
                Accelerating Store Growth
With over 2,700 stores today, we believe we have the potential to ultimately grow to over 4,200 stores with just our current portfolio,
in just our current markets. This is our poten- tial before expanding into new countries in Europe, let alone other continents or new off- price concepts. With the vast majority of our new stores exceeding our expectations in 2009 and the success of our growth vehicles, we
are picking up the pace of our store growth. We are increasing annual store growth from the 3% level in 2009 to 5% in 2010, and in 2011, we believe we can accelerate to the 6% level. We have a successful track record of de- livering growth with strong financial returns and have increased our returns on investment while expanding our business, which under- scores our confidence in our plans for acceler- ating the pace of growth.
Planting Seeds for the Future
Beyond our current investment priorities and growth vehicles, we are constantly testing and developing new seeds for growth. Customers love our standalone shoe concepts, Marshalls Shoe MegaShop in the U.S. and STYLESENSE in Canada, and we will continue to fine-tune these stores and strategically take advantage of exceptional real estate deals with these businesses. We are also working on tests that are twists
of existing concepts, including our new e-commerce website in the U.K., which could develop into a promising growth vehicle. Further, we are very excited about our plans to launch a new off-price chain in spring 2011, which we believe can add another 90 to 100 stores, and for which we will announce specifics later this year.
TEACHING AND TALENT KEy TO SUCCESS
With our enormous growth potential, one
of our greatest challenges is growing our org- anization with the right talent to support our plans. In the last few years, we have strength- ened our senior management team, developed our existing talent, and taken full advantage of the retail environment to bring in new tal- ent from outside our organization on a global level. We believe that we have one of the best, if not the best, merchant and executive train- ing programs in the retail world. In 2010,
we will continue to dedicate resources and remain committed to having the best talent and being the best organization in retail.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH CRITICAL IN UNCERTAIN TIMES
Our financial stability and flexibility have always been a strong foundation for our business and are even more critical in uncertain economic times. We have an
“A” Standard & Poor’s credit rating, one
of the strongest in the retail industry, and ample financial liquidity, which are important to our vendors, landlords and other business associates. Our strong operations and low-cost model enable us to deliver superior financial returns that are among the highest, not
only in retail, but also many other industries. In 2009, we generated $2.3 billion in cash from operations and our after-tax return
on invested capital was greater than 20%. Our operations generate huge amounts of cash, which we deploy with a careful balance between maintaining our financial flexibil- ity, investing in our growth and distributing excess cash to our shareholders. In 2009, we spent a total of $950 million to repurchase TJX shares, retiring 27 million shares, more than we originally planned, and were one of the few retailers to raise its dividend.
9

                In 2010, we plan to increase capital spending to approximately $750 million, which will support our plans for accelerated annual store growth, as well as fund our significant investments to enhance our
stores and provide infrastructure for
future growth. Simultaneously, we plan to increase the distribution of excess cash to
our shareholders. We expect to repurchase $900 million to $1 billion of TJX stock in 2010. Further, we increased the per-share dividend by 25% in April 2010. This increase represents the 14th consecutive year we
have increased the dividend. These actions underscore our confidence in our ability to drive profitable sales and distribute excess cash to shareholders while simultaneously reinvesting in the business and maintaining our financial flexibility.
CONFIDENCE IN OUR NEAR-
AND LONG-TERM GLOBAL VISION
We continue to firmly believe in our vision as a global, off-price/value Company. We start 2010 with very strong momentum and are
extremely well positioned to capitalize upon the value-conscious mindset of consumers. Our very broad customer appeal is widen- ing even further in this environment. We are reaching new customers through our effec- tive marketing and investing in the shopping experience to retain them. We remain focused on running with leaner, faster-turning inven- tories and controlling and levering costs to drive profitability. We have plentiful growth opportunities and are confident that we
will continue to deliver growth with strong financial returns. Further, our “no walls” ap- proach to communicating with one another is enabling us to lever all aspects of our business for the future and grow as a global Company. We are excited about our growth prospects for 2010 and believe that TJX has many more great years to come!
We sincerely thank our 154,000 Associates for their hard work, dedication and excellent execution in 2009. We extend our gratitude to our customers for their loyalty and patron- age, and we also thank our fellow sharehold- ers, vendors, and other business associates for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
       10
Bernard Cammarata Chairman of the Board
Carol Meyrowitz President and
Chief Executive Officer
