   TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2014 was another strong year for TJX following many years of consistent sales and profit growth. We continued our growth as a global, value retailer as we further expanded our North American and European store presence and increased our online offerings in the U.S. and U.K. We were particularly pleased to see customer traffic increase sequentially every quarter of the year, as we believe many of our sales-driving initiatives began to take hold. We achieved consolidated results towards the high end of our original plans against the backdrop of an ever-competitive retail environment. Marmaxx, our largest division, drove improving performance throughout the year while bringing T.J. Maxx and Marshalls to even more U.S. markets. HomeGoods delivered outstanding results as this chain’s eclectic mix of home fashions from around the world continued to resonate with U.S. consumers. TJX Canada achieved very solid results and further expanded Marshalls’ reach across Canada. TJX Europe posted yet another strong year which gives us confidence in our vast growth prospects in Europe. We are also very excited about our online businesses, tjmaxx.com and sierratradingpost.com in the U.S. and tkmaxx.com in the U.K., as we view e-commerce as an important growth vehicle for our future!
In 2014, net sales reached $29.1 billion, up 6% over the prior year. Consolidated comparable store sales grew 2% over last year’s 3% growth. Net income rose to $2.2 billion, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.16, a 12%
increase over the prior year’s strong growth.1 The year 2014 marked the 6th consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth. Over this time, our adjusted compounded annual EPS growth rate was a strong 22%.2 We grew total square footage by 5% and netted a total of 176 additional stores to end the fiscal year with 3,395 stores.
MARMAXX
STILL GROWING OUR LARGEST DIVISION
ROOM TO ADD 900+ U.S. STORES
Key Strengths Underscoring Our Confidence
As we look ahead, we see tremendous U.S. and international opportunities for TJX! We have many reasons underscoring our confidence in our goals for growth. Key among them are the strengths of our off-price model that we believe differentiate us from other retailers. We are convinced that these elements of our business have not only led to many years of profitable sales growth, but also set us up extremely well for the future. In our 38-year history, our annual comparable store sales have only declined once, and over that time, we have delivered steady earnings growth. Today, we are well on our way to becoming a $40 billion-plus company!
For us, it all starts with our value mission, the core of our Company since day one. We define value as a combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality. Throughout our history, our value formula has resonated with consumers across the geographic areas where we operate and through both strong and weak econ-
omies and retail environments. We are convinced that delivering shoppers real value will remain at the heart of our success as we continue our growth in the U.S., Canada, Europe, and eventually, beyond!
We have an international, diversified portfolio of businesses and operate four powerful divisions focused on our value mission. We are convinced that our global leverage sets us apart from many
  3

HOMEGOODS
BRINGING CUSTOMERS HOME FASHIONS FROM AROUND THE WORLD POTENTIAL TO GROW
TO 1,000 U.S. STORES
other retailers. We are one of the few major U.S. retailers to have succeeded in expanding internationally. We have decades of international experience and have built teams, operations, a supply chain, and infrastructure that are world-class and deeply integrated. Our distribution network is designed to support our off-price model and flexibility with the goal of shipping the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We have a true global awareness. In the same way our stores have no walls between departments, we take a “no walls” approach to communications, sharing ideas, talent, initiatives, and best practices across our international operations.
We see ourselves as a global sourcing machine. Our buying organization now numbers more than 1,000 Associates based in 13 buying offices in 10 countries around the world. We source merchandise from a universe of more than 17,000 vendors in over 100 countries. Our buyers work together all the time to maximize our vendor relationships and offer shoppers an even wider selection of merchandise from around the world. We truly believe that there are few other retailers that can offer the eclectic mix customers find in our stores or build new
categories as quickly as we do.
We are one of the most flexible retailers in the world. Our flexible store formats and nimbleness allow us to react to changing market trends and consumer tastes. We also have an extremely wide demographic reach, which we believe is one of the broadest in retail. We attract shoppers with an extremely large range of household incomes.
FOUR PILLARS FOR GROWTH
We have great confidence in our ability to continue driving profitable growth for many years to come. Our growth strategy is centered on our four growth pillars: driving customer traffic and comparable store sales, global brick-and-mortar growth, e-commerce expansion, and innovation.
Driving Customer Traffic and Comparable Store Sales
We see enormous opportunities to gain U.S. and international consumer market share and we are pursuing them. While we have made meaningful progress in expanding our customer base over the last several years, we remain underpenetrated versus most major department stores in the U.S. In Canada, we believe Marshalls will help us reach even more consumers, and in Europe, we see huge opportunities. While we continue to target a very broad customer demographic, we like the growth we are seeing among millennials shopping across all our divisions, and we will work to retain them as loyal customers for the future. We also were delighted to see our overall customer satisfaction scores reach a record high and our retail brand recognition increase in 2014. We are working even harder to be better in 2015!
To attract even more shoppers, we will continue to capitalize on our global marketing capabilities. Our tri-branding campaigns in the U.S. and Canada allow us to lever multiple chains at the same time, which we believe drove more shoppers to our stores again this hol- iday season. In 2015, we will continue our multi-layered approach to reach even more consumers through television, radio and digital media. We know that customers who shop more than one of our chains, on average, spend considerably more with us. Our TJX Rewards loyalty programs are important initiatives to drive more frequent customer visits and shopping across our brands.
We remain focused on upgrading the shopping experience, and in 2015, expect to remodel approximately 225 stores across the Company. This includes the rollout of our new Marshalls prototype in the U.S., which reflects improvements based on the customer
feedback we seek on an ongoing basis. Above all, we are convinced that offering trend-right, branded merchandise at great values is what will keep driving customers to our stores!
Global Brick-and-Mortar Growth Potential
We see vast store growth potential for TJX in the U.S. and internationally. Earlier this year, we raised our estimates
     4

         
TJX CANADA
CONTINUED EXPANSION COAST TO COAST
OPPORTUNITY TO GROW TO 500 STORES
for our long-term store growth potential to 5,475 stores, 325 more stores than our prior target. This would be more than 2,000 stores, or greater than 60% growth, over our current store base. This growth reflects the long-term opportunity we see with just our current chains in just our current markets and where we have announced expansion plans. Beyond this, we see further opportunities to broaden our presence in additional European countries and around the world! We believe our off-price concept can resonate wherever consumers seek fashion and brands at great prices. Overall in 2015, we plan to net 181 additional stores, which would represent approximately 5% square footage growth.
At Marmaxx, we see great opportunities across the U.S. to continue growing our largest, most profitable division! Long term, we see the potential to grow this chain to 3,000 stores, over 900 more than today. Marmaxx’s long track record of consistent results underscores our confidence in our plans. We continue to broaden our reach into both rural and urban locations and have been successfully locating stores closer to one another and co-locating more T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores. We are far from finished growing this 2,000-plus store chain!
We see significant white space to expand our HomeGoods chain across the U.S. We have upped our estimate for HomeGoods’ long-term growth potential to 1,000 stores, more than double its store base today. This is 175 more stores than our prior estimate and would be in line with the size of other U.S. home fashions retailers. Key to our confidence is HomeGoods’ continued strong results, year on
top of year. Further, we currently operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls in about 85 U.S. markets where we do not have a HomeGoods, which speaks to our opportunity to expand into areas where customers already know and love our values. We couldn’t be more excited about HomeGoods’ future prospects!
At TJX Canada, we continue to see very solid growth potential. Our raised long-term store growth estimate of 500 stores rep- resents more than 35% growth on top of our existing base. This target reflects the potential to grow Marshalls to about 100 stores in Canada and expand Winners into additional rural markets. We are extremely pleased with Marshalls’ success since its 2011 launch in Canada, which we are convinced is largely thanks to the knowledge and expertise we’ve gained operating in Canada for nearly 25 years. We have a very loyal customer base in Canada!
In 2014, TJX Europe celebrated its 20th anniversary and sur- passed $4 billion in annual sales. More importantly, vast growth opportunities remain! Long term, we now see the potential to open more than 500 additional stores and grow TJX Europe to 975 stores. This is 100 more stores than our prior estimate and more than double our current store base. Our raised estimate primarily reflects the opportunity we see in two additional Euro- pean countries. In March 2015, we were delighted to introduce T.K. Maxx to our fifth European country, Austria. We are also very excited with our plans to launch T.K. Maxx in our sixth European country, The Netherlands, this fall. Our targeted growth potential of 975 stores does not reflect the opportunity we see to expand T.K. Maxx into additional European countries or HomeSense beyond the U.K., but we certainly recognize major opportunities for our business beyond our current countries.
TJX Europe remains the only major brick-and-mortar off-price retailer of significant size in Europe, which we believe will continue to serve us well as we enter new European countries. Over the last two decades, we have built a European platform and organization that would be difficult for others to replicate. We are continuing to leverage our European operations and the expertise of our global organization to strengthen our leadership position
and give us first-mover advantages as we expand our reach. We see huge potential for our business in Europe!
E-Commerce Expansion
In addition to growing our global brick-and-mortar presence, we see e-commerce expansion as an important driver of our future growth. In 2014, tjmaxx.com added many new categories, including
       6

 BELFAST
 MIAMI
WARSAW MONTREAL
BOSTON

                 
Juniors, Men’s, Activewear and Jewelry, and over 1,700 new brands to its site. While still a relatively new business, we are thrilled to see that tjmaxx.com is attracting new customers and enticing existing brick-and-mortar customers to shop us more frequently. We are also pleased with the knowledge and expertise Sierra Trading Post continues to bring to our e-commerce busi- nesses and with the progress of tkmaxx.com in the U.K. In 2015, we have already launched home fashions on tjmaxx.com and all of our e-commerce sites will be adding new categories and exciting brands for our shoppers!
We plan to continue our strategic approach to growth in order to ensure that our online sales will be incremental, not at the expense of, our brick-and-mortar business. “Grow Smart” is our motto. Eventually, we can see e-commerce working for all of our retail brands. We understand that consumer shopping habits are changing and our goal is to be there for our customers whenever and wherever they want to shop us!
Leader in Innovation
We see TJX as a leader in innovation. We are constantly testing additional ideas and seeds that can fuel future growth. At any given time, we can be testing more than 100 ideas throughout the Company. We are always seeking the right categories, newness, current fashion, and exciting new brands, along with analyzing new countries. In 2014, we opened two new Sierra Trading Post stores in the Denver area, leveraging our deep brick-and-mortar expertise to introduce this online, value-driven, outdoors concept to more consumers. Customer response has been terrific! We are never complacent and will continue to develop ideas that we believe could grow into meaningful businesses for TJX. We are confident that our focus on innovation is what will drive our business now and in the future, and will keep TJX differentiated from the rest of the retail world.
Supporting Our Growth
To support our short- and long-term goals, we are reinvesting in the business. Our approach is to invest ahead of our growth and lay a strong foundation today to position us well
for the future. Earlier in 2015, we announced an
important wage initiative for our store Associates, which we are confident will allow us to remain competitive on compensation and support our recruitment and retention efforts. We understand that delivering a great shopping experience for our customers and attaining our goals for growth require the collective efforts of the entire organiza-
TJX EUROPE
  VAST OPPORTUNITIES
IN EXISTING AND NEW
COUNTRIES
POTENTIAL TO EXPAND BY >500 ADDITIONAL STORES
tion, which is why attracting, retaining and developing top talent across TJX is such a high priority for us. We are very proud of our strong corporate culture and our core values of acting with integ- rity and treating our Associates with dignity and respect, which have been at the heart of this Company since day one.
Further, we are investing in our new stores and remodels, our European teams and infrastructure, e-commerce expansion, worldwide supply chain and distribution network, and finally, new seeds for growth. While we remain laser focused on efficiencies, we are making key investments today to strengthen our leadership position and bring TJX to the next level of growth.
Financial Strength
Our financial strength and flexibility remain core to our confidence in our ability to continue driving profitable growth. Our strong operations have allowed us to achieve superior financial returns
 and generate
enormous amounts of cash, which affords us the flexibility to simultaneously invest in the growth of the business and return cash to shareholders. Our 23% return on invested capital in 2014 is due in large part to our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our “A+” Standard & Poor’s rating is one of the strongest in retail. Our financial strength is important to our vendors, landlords and other busi- ness associates. With our strong financial position, we issued $750 million of new debt in June 2014,
  9

 with a coupon rate of 2.75%, which we used to redeem $400 million of existing debt, with a coupon rate of 4.20%, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a very conservative balance sheet.
laser focused on executing our off-price business model every day while simultaneously setting our sights on our long-term vision for growth.
Our Board of Directors and Our Gratitude
We welcome William Swanson to our Board of Directors. Bill brings extensive leadership experi- ence and deep international knowledge that will be important complements to our Board as we continue to pursue our global growth strategy. We are delighted that he has joined our Board
We remain committed to maintaining very strong
credit ratings and continuing our share buyback
and dividend programs. In 2014, we generated
$3.0 billion in cash from operations, and we spent
a total of $1.7 billion to repurchase TJX stock,
retiring 27.7 million shares, and increased the per-
share dividend 21%. In 2015, we plan to continue our significant   and look forward to working with him. share buyback program, with approximately $1.8 to $1.9 billion of
 repurchases planned for the year. Further, our Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the per-share dividend in March 2015, which represents the 19th consecutive year of dividend increases. Over this period of time, the Company’s dividend has risen at a compound annual rate of 23%. All of these actions underscore our confidence in our ability to continue delivering significant increases in sales, earnings, and cash flow, and generate superior financial returns.
2015 Outlook and Long-Term Strategic Vision
We could not be more excited about the future growth prospects for TJX as we continue on the road to $40 billion and beyond! As always, we’re pursuing many initiatives to drive sales and customer traffic, and we have numerous growth vehicles that are working well. In 2015, we are taking a prudent approach to planning our earnings per share growth to reflect our additional investments in our store Associates and growth initiatives. Like other major international retailers, our 2015 plans also assume a negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates. We are continuing to plan comparable store sales increases conservatively while we simultaneously strive to surpass our goals. Our underlying business remains very strong, we are planning merchandise margins to be up again this year, and we remain very confident in our long-term growth model. Our management team remains
We would like to extend our gratitude to Jerome “Jerry” Rossi, Senior Executive Vice President, Group President, TJX, who announced his retirement earlier this year. As the former CEO of Marshalls, Jerry joined the TJX family following the merger of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in 1995. Over the past 19 years, he has also served as Marmaxx Chief Operating Officer and President of HomeGoods. Jerry has been an enormous part of TJX’s success and we are very grateful for his dedicated service and many valuable contributions.
We sincerely thank our approximately 198,000 Associates around the globe for their hard work and dedication. We are also very grateful to our existing and new customers for their patronage. Finally, we also thank our fellow shareholders, vendors and other business associates for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
       Bernard Cammarata CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Carol Meyrowitz
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 1 On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS in Fiscal 2015 were $3.15, a 7% increase over $2.94 in Fiscal 2014. Adjusted diluted EPS growth of 12% excludes a second quarter debt extinguishment charge of $.01 per share in Fiscal 2015 and an $.11 tax benefit in Fiscal 2014. 2 The six-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for EPS on a GAAP basis was 20%. The CAGR on an adjusted basis of 22% excludes from Fiscal 2009 GAAP EPS of $1.04 the benefits from an adjustment to the Company’s provision related to the previously announced computer intrusion(s) of $.02, a tax adjustment of $.01, and $.04 from the 53rd week in Fiscal 2009.
10
