To Our Fellow Shareholders:
We are proud of our performance in 2007. When we returned to the leadership of the business in 2005, we established driving profitable sales as our top prior- ity. Our continued focus on this goal and persistent pursuit of the fundamental strategies of our highly flexible, off-price business model, led to another great year on top of a great year, despite the challenging retail environment in 2007. Solid execution was our best strategy to remain resilient to macro challenges, whether it was a weak consumer, the promotional retail environment, a declining home market, or unfa- vorable weather. We believe that our strong execution and strategies would have led to even better results in a more robust environment.
For the year, net sales grew 7% to $18.6 billion and consolidated comparable store sales increased 4% over a 4% increase in the prior year. Our adjusted pretax profit margin1 from continuing operations was 7.7%, which was the highest in the last six years, driven by strong merchandise margin expansion and solid expense management. Income from continuing operations for the 52-week fiscal year was $772 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share2 from continuing operations were $1.91, a 17% increase over last year’s results. Overall, we grew square foot- age by 4%, adding a net 97 stores to end the year with a total of 2,563 stores.
Throughout the year, we were vigilant in managing our inventories, which gave us the flexibility to take advantage of a marketplace flush with buying oppor- tunities and offer our customers great brands at excit- ing prices. We were more effective in our marketing,
1,2 On a GAAP basis, pretax profit margin was 6.7% and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.66. FY08 adjusted results exclude the after-tax charges of $119 million, or $.25 per share, in Fiscal 2008 and $3 million (which did not change full-year earnings per share) in Fiscal 2007 related to the computer intrusion(s).
which drove customer traffic, and importantly, we conducted testing and analysis that will allow us to spend our marketing dollars more productively in 2008 without a significant increase in investment. Expense management remained an important focus, which helped drive the bottom line while funding our increased marketing and other growth initiatives in 2007. Further, our entrepreneurial spirit and “no walls” approach to communicating were key to our success. We were more aggressive in taking intelli- gent risks and continued to share ideas and best prac- tices throughout the Company, which led to many successful initiatives at every division.
The Marmaxx Group – Still Growing
As big as it is, we continue to view our largest and oldest division, The Marmaxx Group, as a driver of TJX growth. In 2007, Marmaxx posted a segment profit margin of 9.7%, its highest in the last six years. By executing strongly on the off-price fundamentals, Marmaxx achieved significant merchandise margin expansion and drove strong profit results despite a below-plan 1% comparable store sales increase in a promotional retail environment. The Marmaxx organization was relentless in managing inventories, which mitigated our markdown risk and allowed us to buy great merchandise close to need. We continue to become even better off-price buyers and intel- ligent risk takers. In 2007, we opened more vendor doors to infuse new brands into our T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains, which creates excitement and drives traffic. Home categories were softer than we would have liked, which we attribute to our own execution misstep, and we have a plan in place to improve in this area in 2008. Looking ahead, our Marmaxx organization is energized and motivated to continue its successful growth.
2002* 2008 (fye)
net sales
1982* 1983*
1991*
                           $20 $15 $10
$5 $0
           *recessions
3
($ billions)

International Success
A Good Year for HomeGoods
We saw tremendous strength in our international businesses in 2007. Winners and HomeSense, the largest off-price retailer by far in Canada, had an outstanding year, posting sales and segment profit growth that exceeded our expectations. Again, excel- lent execution of our off-price strategies led the day at our Canadian division, which achieved these results over historically high segment profit performance last year and despite the unfavorable weather in Canada during most of 2007. By maintaining a liquid inventory position and buying into current trends, Winners maintained a constant flow of fresh product to our stores at compelling values. HomeSense is now an established, national brand in Canada, and we were very pleased with its strong top - and bottom - line contributions in 2007.
T.K. Maxx, which has virtually become a household name as the off-price leader in the U.K. and Ireland, delivered excellent results in 2007. Sales and segment profit (excluding our investment in Germany)3 exceeded expectations once again in 2007. T.K. Maxx is another division that expertly navigated a difficult retail environment. Our European organization flowed the right brands and fashions and presented them well in our stores, which created an exciting shopping experience for our customers, every day. T.K. Maxx has grown into one of the top 10 fashion retailers in the U.K. and is truly a destination for European shoppers. We were very pleased with the launch of our first five T.K. Maxx stores in Germany in 2007 and how well our value concept is resonating with the German consumer.
3 Including investment in Germany detailed in FY08 Form 10-K, T.K. Maxx segment profit was in line with our expectations.
HomeGoods achieved very strong performance in 2007, bucking weak trends in the home market and among other home-oriented retailers. Sales were in line with our plan and segment profit topped our expectations, over strongly improved results in the prior year. The HomeGoods organization did a great job of presenting fresh, unique home product from around the world in our stores, which creates the treasure- hunt shopping experience that our customers love. We did not execute as well as we would have liked in merchandising seasonal product during the fourth- quarter holiday selling season, which offers us an opportunity next year. One of the many strengths of our flexible business model is that we can respond quickly to issues and start a new season fresh. As we begin a new year, we are pleased with how our HomeGoods stores look as well as with the product in our pipeline.
Progress at Smaller Divisions
A.J. Wright made very solid progress in 2007. While sales for the year were below our expectations, segment profit was substantially improved. We tested many new ideas, and were pleased to see improve- ments in the merchandise categories where we focused most of our attention. However, our work continues in these areas. We continue to believe very strongly in A.J. Wright as a growth vehicle for TJX. During the year, we further strengthened our management team to provide this division with greater support for future success. We continue to move closer to the returns necessary to grow A.J. Wright more aggressively and in the meantime, will expand this division slowly.
Bob’s Stores achieved top-line results that met our expectations, and on the bottom line, nearly halved its segment loss from the prior year (excluding the
2002* 2008 (fye)
segment profit
1982* 1983*
1991*
                           $2,000 $1,500 $1,000
$500 $0
           4
*recessions
($ millions)

 quality

 brand

charge noted below).4 We learned a lot about lever- aging our marketing investment at Bob’s Stores and merchandise margins improved significantly. We are pleased that this business has begun to deliver positive comparable store sales increases on top of increases. As we have said, we continue to evaluate this business.
Intelligent Risk Taking – New Ideas, Initiatives
Intelligent risk taking was a major factor in our success in 2007, and we must continue to keep it as part of our “DNA” in order to fuel growth initiatives. We tested many new ideas in 2007! We will expand some of the successful ones into growth initiatives, we will target others to certain demographic markets, and we will not pursue those that did not deliver satisfac- tory returns on investment. The point here is that our entrepreneurial spirit is stronger than it has been in a very long time and this spirit is leading to excitement in our stores, differentiating our concepts from each other as well as the competition, and driving customer traffic. New ideas are leading to tangible results!
When we refer to initiatives, we mean a lot more than category expansions – we also mean in-store events and expanding “hot” categories while contracting others, for example. These ideas and strategies allow us tremendous flexibility to take advantage of fashion trends and buying opportunities. In terms of merchan- dise initiatives, our footwear expansions at Marshalls continue to be a huge success. We added 240 of these departments in 2007 and have another 200 planned in the upcoming year. The Cube, our Juniors store- within-a-store at Marshalls, continues to perform very well and we plan to roll out an additional 300 of these departments in 2008. The Runway designer
4 Including impairment charge of $8 million, pre-tax, Bob’s Stores segment loss was $17 million on a GAAP basis, which was the same as prior year.
departments at T.J. Maxx are performing well in their targeted demographic markets and have ben- efited the entire chain by increasing our penetration of top brands. Further, we are testing a new prototype for our home categories at Marmaxx, which we believe will lead to improvement in this area in 2008. Moving forward, we will continue to test new ideas to drive sales growth at every division across our Company.
AGlobal,Off-Price,ValueCompany
Our vision of TJX is as a global, off-price, value Com- pany. Our history shows that our value concept plays well in many geographies and categories. Looking ahead, we see multiple avenues for growth, both domestically and internationally, in 2008 and beyond.
Domestically, we have substantial opportunities for new store growth and larger store “footprints.” In 2008 alone, our plans call for adding over 100 stores across the Company! At Marmaxx, we expect to net 45 new stores to grow that division to a total of 1,668 T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores by year-end. Longer term, we now believe we have room to grow Marmaxx by 400 stores, which is 200 more than we had previously estimated. We also have opportunities to grow Marmaxx with relocations into larger footprints, particularly with the success of shoes at Marshalls. At HomeGoods, we plan to net 25 new stores in 2008 for a total of 314 stores by year-end and believe we can grow this chain by approximately 300 more stores over time. We are also testing a larger square-foot box at HomeGoods, which will allow us to give successful categories more spaceonthesellingfloor.WecontinuetoviewtheA.J. Wright moderate-income customer demographic as having great long-term growth potential for TJX. While we believe that the U.S. could ultimately support 1,000 A.J. Wright stores, we will target our growth to a level
consolidated store count
1983 1988 1993
1998 2003
2008 (fye)
                          3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
             7
(stores)

 price

that will deliver strong returns for our shareholders. In 2008, we plan to net an additional five A.J. Wright stores for a total of 134 stores by the end of the year.
Beyond the U.S., we see tremendous growth oppor- tunities internationally. In Canada, Puerto Rico, the U.K. and Ireland, we have seen that off-price works in different countries and cultures and believe that great brands and great values are hard for customers to resist around the world! In Canada, we expect to net 16 additional stores between Winners and HomeSense and the new off-price concept we will be testing that plays to our strengths. We expect to end the year with a total of 278 stores in Canada. In the U.K. and Ireland, we plan to net an additional 10 T.K. Maxx stores in 2008. We are also expanding the T.K. Maxx footprint as we relocate from older, smaller boxes into larger locations and have about five of these relocations planned in 2008. We are very excited to be taking our HomeSense brand across “the pond,” and have approx- imately five store openings slated for the U.K. during the year. T.K. Maxx in Germany is off to a solid start and we plan to open five additional stores in that country in 2008. In total, including the HomeSense stores and T.K. Maxx in Germany, our T.K. Maxx division expects to net 20 stores in 2008. We believe that with its popu- lation of 82 million, Germany holds the potential for 250 to 300 T.K. Maxx stores. We clearly see the poten- tial for growing by 1,500 to 2,000 more stores in our current markets without expanding into our next country. Beyond this, we see more opportunities to bring our retail concepts into new countries, and we will proceed prudently as we grow.
Computer System Breach
As we have said on previous occasions, we deeply regret any inconvenience that our customers may have experienced as a result of the criminal breach of our computer system, announced in January 2007.
Our customers have always been our top priority, and we are very grateful to them for their continued loyalty and patronage. Prior to the cyber attack(s) on our computer system, we believe our computer secu- rity was similar to that of many major retailers. We have spent significant sums to further strengthen our computer security and have been certified as fully compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS), prior to many other large retailers. Indeed, for over a year, we have been implementing many improved information security measures stretching beyond PCI-DSS and computer security.
We have worked hard this year to address many matters and put the computer system intrusion(s) behind us, including cooperating fully with law enforcement and government agencies. We took a charge that we believe is sufficient to fully cover all of our probable losses related to the intrusion(s), and we have resolved many of the claims and cases arising from the intrusion(s).
Cyber crime is an increasing threat to the security of all computer and communications networks. At TJX, providing a secure shopping environment for our valued customers remains a top priority.
Financial Strength
Our financial strength gives us great confidence and provides an extremely strong foundation upon which to grow in the future. In 2007, our strong operations continued to generate significant amounts of excess cash, which allowed us to continue growing our Company while simultaneously returning value to shareholders. We began the year with a substantial cash balance and generated an additional $1.4 billion from operations during the year. After reinvesting in our business, we repurchased $950 million of
net cash
from operating activities
2004 2005
2006 2007
2008 (fye)
     $1,500 $1,200 $900 $600
          9
($ millions)

TJX stock, retiring 33 million shares, and increased the per-share dividend by 29%. Underscoring our continued confidence in the strength of our business, our Board approved a new $1 billion buyback program earlier in 2008, in addition to $486 million remaining in our existing program at the end of our year. Once again, we started a new year in an excellent financial position and plan to repurchase approximately $900 million of TJX stock in 2008. As we began 2007, our strong financial returns, specifically, Return on Invested Capital, Return on Assets and Return on Equity, ranked in the top quartile of all retailers, and we ended the year with even higher returns.
Board of Directors
We would like to gratefully acknowledge the dedicated service of Richard Lesser and Gail Deegan, each of whom stepped down as members of the Board of Directors since our last letter. Dick served as a Director since 1995 and retired in 2005 as a highly regarded executive of TJX, having served as president of both T.J. Maxx and Marmaxx. He has been a friend and mentor to many at TJX in addition to being an integral part of the Company’s success and he will be missed. Gail made significant contributions in her tenure as Director since 2001. We wish Dick and Gail and their families the best for future success and good health.
We are delighted to welcome José Alvarez, Alan Bennett, David Ching, and Michael Hines to our Board of Directors. Each of these new directors brings deep experience and expertise in their respective fields, which complement that of our other Directors and support the strategic direction of TJX. We look forward to working with them as we continue to grow TJX for the future.
A Company of Choice
This Company was founded on the core values of integrity and treating people with respect and fairness. We remain committed to these values and continue to challenge ourselves to improve the ways in which we embrace and leverage differences among our Associates, customers, vendors, and the community at large. In 2007, the TJX Advisory Board on Difference and Diversity, which is comprised of external experts, along with our three internal task forces, established
10
a new platform called a Company of Choice to help us reach our stakeholders more effectively. Being a Company of Choice positions TJX as a Retailer of Choice for increasingly diverse and international customer and vendor communities; an Employer of Choice for increasingly diverse and international talent; and a Neighbor of Choice in the communities where our stores, distribution centers and offices are located. Further, our Associate Training, Supplier Diversity, and Community Relations programs, as well as our Associate Resource Groups, support our diver- sity efforts inside and outside the Company. We made significant progress in our diversity efforts in 2007, but our work continues, as we seek to improve the ways in which we leverage differences among us.
We begin 2008 with a go-forward management team that combines fresh talent and perspectives with the best of TJX experience and a results-oriented, entrepreneurial organization. There is nothing like a successful year to motivate an organization to do even better! Driving profitable sales remains our number one goal and our mantra. We continue to focus on executing the fundamentals of our flexible, off-price, value model that have made this Company great. We are excited about our significant growth opportunities and our solid financial foundation supports our growth and gives us great confidence. We sincerely thank our customers for their loyalty and patronage and our Associates, who now number approximately 129,000, fortheirdedicationandhardwork.Wealsothankour vendors and other business associates, and, of course, ourfellowshareholders,fortheirongoingsupport.
Respectfully,
    Bernard Cammarata Chairman of the Board
Carol Meyrowitz President and
Chief Executive Officer
