 TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2013 was another successful year for TJX on top of many great years! Our off-price values continued to resonate with U.S. and international consumers, and we delivered above-plan results in a competitive retail environment.
We believe this underscores the resiliency and flexibility of our off-price business model and ability to drive top- and bottom-line growth in both strong and weak environments. Marmaxx continued its consistent, excellent performance as we furthered the penetration of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls in the U.S. HomeGoods posted terrific results as we brought this chain to more U.S. markets. TJX Canada met our expectations for the year and Marshalls continued
its successful expansion in that country. TJX Europe achieved outstanding performance again in 2013, which
is very exciting as we see such vast growth potential for our Company in Europe. We also successfully launched our new e-commerce site tjmaxx.com, which, along with sierratradingpost.com and our tkmaxx.com site in the U.K., gives more consumers the ability and convenience to shop our great values 24 hours a day, 365 days a year!
In 2013, net sales for the 52-week fiscal year reached $27.4 billion, up 6% over the 53-week fiscal year in 2012.
On a 52-week comparable basis, consolidated comparable store sales grew 3% over last year’s 7% growth and several years of strong increases. Net income rose to $2.1 billion, and on an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share were $2.83, a 15% increase over the prior year’s strong gains.1 The year 2013 marks the 18th consecutive year of earnings per share growth, and on an adjusted basis, our five-year compound annual EPS growth was a strong 24%.2 Overall, we grew total square footage by 5% and netted a total of 169 new stores to end the fiscal year with 3,219 stores.
KEY ADVANTAGES FOR GROWTH
As we approach $30 billion in annual sales, we see tremendous growth opportunities ahead for our Company, both in the U.S. and internationally. Core to our confidence are the key strengths that we believe differentiate TJX from many other major retailers and have led to our long history
022

     MARMAXX
2,021 3,000
STORES IN POTENTIAL 2013 STORES

    
of success, as well as set us up extremely well for today and the future. We see TJX in an excellent position to bring value around the world!
In fact, it all begins with value, our mission since day one. For us, value is a combination of fashion, brand, quality and price. Our value proposition has resonated with consumers for 37 years, and throughout our history, we have seen it play well in different geographies, retail climates, and both strong and weak economies. We operate four large divisions, all leveraging value. We believe our values will continue to be a compelling draw for shoppers in the U.S., Canada and Europe...and eventually, beyond!
We are one of the most flexible retailers in the world. Our flexible business model gives us great ability to act nimbly in the vendor and real estate marketplaces, react quickly
HOMEGOODS
450 825
16,000 vendors in over 60 countries and have over 900 merchants in our world-class buying organization. We establish long-standing, mutually beneficial relationships with vendors and believe we have some of the best vendor relationships there are! We see ourselves as leaders
in innovation, constantly testing new ideas, seeking
the right categories, current fashions and top brands,
and leveraging information from our worldwide buying presence. We have more than 3,200 stores with flexible layouts in which to test new initiatives and the ability to roll out rapidly what works. We are never complacent!
We operate seven retail brands in six countries and
are one of the few large U.S. retailers to have expanded successfully internationally. We have been operating in Canada for well over two decades, and 2014 marks our 20th anniversary in the U.K.! We believe our deep international experience, knowledge and infrastructure are important advantages as we continue on our path of global growth.
GROWING U.S. / INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMER BASE
We are convinced that we will continue to attract more U.S. and international shoppers with our values. While we have grown our customer base significantly over the last several years, our U.S. consumer penetration levels remain below those of most major department stores, which speaks to our opportunity to gain consumer share. We believe Marshalls in Canada will help us grow in that country, and the opportunity to expand
our reach in Europe is huge. Throughout 2013, we
saw a greater percentage of younger shoppers among our new customers, while continuing to serve our core demographic, and we will continue to target a very broad customer demographic.
To reach even more consumers, we are capitalizing on our global marketing capabilities. During the holiday season, our tri-branding campaigns for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods in the U.S. and Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada, allowed us to lever three of our retail brands at the same time. Further, we know that customers who shop more than one of our chains, on average, spend considerably more with us. In Europe, we increased our television presence in 2013 and aired our first-ever German TV commercials. In 2014, we plan to become even more aggressive with our marketing, planning several more weeks of advertising activity than last year, across TV, radio and social media.
 STORES IN 2013
POTENTIAL STORES
 to changing consumer and pricing trends, and navigate various economic and retail environments successfully. We believe our tremendous flexibility has been a driving force in our long history of consistent, strong results. Our annual comparable store sales have declined only once in the last 37 years, and over this time, we have delivered steady earnings growth. Not only do we believe that this solid track record is rare within the retail industry, it also gives us great confidence in the future!
We believe that we have one of the widest customer demographic reaches in the retail sector. We attract shoppers with household incomes anywhere from $50,000 up to millions of dollars. To bring our diverse customer base exciting brands and fashions from around the world, we have built a value-driven, global sourcing machine over almost four decades. We source from more than
5

   
To retain the new shoppers our marketing is attracting along with our already loyal ones, we plan to keep upgrading
the shopping experience in all of our chains. By the end of 2013, our new store prototype for T.J. Maxx was in 159 stores and, based on its success, we are working on a
new prototype for Marshalls in 2014. Across the Company, we plan to remodel approximately 250 additional stores in 2014. Customer service is an ongoing focus for us, and we are pleased that our customer satisfaction scores increased in 2013. We still see a lot of opportunity to keep raising the bar on our customers’ shopping experience as we respond to changing shopping trends and consumer tastes.
To keep “WOW”ing our shoppers, we remain focused on building an even better brand presence in our stores. With 13 buying offices in 10 countries, our buyers have great ability to leverage our global buying reach. Further,
TJX CANADA
345 450
This represents 60% more stores than our over 3,200 stores today and 420 additional stores on top of our earlier estimate. To be clear, this reflects the opportunity we see with just our current chains in just our current markets alone. Beyond this, we believe our value concept can
work in any country where consumers love great fashions, brands and quality, all at amazing prices. In 2014, we plan to net approximately 172 additional stores in our existing markets, or 5% square footage growth, which is at the high end of our three-year growth model.
As proud as we are that MARMAXX surpassed the 2,000th-store mark in 2013, we believe we are far from finished growing our largest, most profitable division. We see the potential to grow Marmaxx to 3,000 stores, 400 more than our earlier estimate. Marmaxx’s consistent, excellent results give us great confidence in our increased store growth expectations, and new store performance continues to be terrific. Further, we have been successful in expanding Marmaxx to more rural and urban locations, as well as locating stores closer to one another and co-locating more T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores.
We also still see plenty of room to grow HOMEGOODS. With 450 stores today, we see the long-term potential to grow HomeGoods to 825 stores. This estimate could be conservative, as some other U.S. retailers selling home fashions are about double HomeGoods’ current size.
In addition, there are about 100 U.S. markets where
we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls that do not have
a HomeGoods store, which speaks to the potential for this chain. Also giving us confidence are HomeGoods’ consistently strong results, year after year, and excellent new store performance. Our customers love HomeGoods!
At TJX CANADA, we are confident that our decades
of experience operating in Canada will continue to serve us well. We plan to steadily grow TJX Canada, seeing
the potential for 450 stores overall, 30% more than our current base. This reflects 20 more stores than our prior thinking, due to the additional opportunities we see in rural markets. While TJX Canada’s 2013 results were softer than those of our other divisions, this business performed in line with our expectations and maintained its very strong profitability and cash flow. During the
year, we nearly doubled the number of Marshalls stores in Canada and introduced this chain to four additional provinces. Longer term, our store growth estimates reflect
 STORES IN 2013
POTENTIAL STORES
 with our flexibility, we can offer shoppers the variety of virtually an entire mall in a single store with about 23,000 square feet of selling space! We have exciting in-store merchandising initiatives planned for 2014. At any one time, we can be testing more than 100 ideas in our thousands of stores, as we always seek to surprise and delight consumers. We are constantly testing new seeds for growth, and later this year, plan to open two, new Sierra Trading Post stores. This will be a value-driven outdoor concept, based on the same off-price model of all of our stores. We are always moving forward!
GREAT GLOBAL STORE GROWTH POTENTIAL
We see enormous potential to continue our successful global store growth. Last October, we raised our estimates for our long-term store growth potential to 5,150 stores.
7

      
our thinking that Marshalls can become a 100-store chain in Canada.
We see TJX EUROPE as a major part of the future growth of our Company. We believe we can grow
T.K. Maxx and HomeSense to 875 stores, more than double our current base, with just our existing chains,
in our existing European markets alone. TJX Europe’s outstanding results in 2013 reflect broad-based strength across the different geographies, economic climates, and consumer environments in which we operate in Europe. TJX Europe is approaching $4 billion in annual sales
and was a significant contributor to our 2013 earnings growth. With our European business firmly on track, we plan to accelerate the pace of store openings in 2014 to 40 stores. This is 25% more openings than last year, including more than double the number of
TJX EUROPE
399 875
STORES IN POTENTIAL 2013 STORES
IN JUST CURRENT COUNTRIES, WITH CURRENT CHAINS
WITH MORE TO COME
openings in Germany, where our store performance has been terrific.
Beyond this year, we are excited about our plans to expand T.K. Maxx into Austria, our next European country, with our first few stores in 2015. We see expansion into Austria as a natural extension of our European business. We have been analyzing Austria for a long period of time and are confident that our organization and infrastructure are in an excellent position to support this next move.
We remain the only brick-and-mortar, off-price retailer
of significant size in Europe. Unlike other U.S. retailers exporting their own brands, we focus on bringing Europeans the brands and fashions they already love, only at much better values. It is no wonder our off-price concept has resonated so well in Europe!
E-COMMERCE: ANOTHER CHANNEL FOR VALUE
Beyond our successful brick-and-mortar business, we see e-commerce as another platform to bring our values to consumers, offering them the ability and convenience of shopping day or night, every day of the year. Customer response to our launch of tjmaxx.com last fall exceeded our expectations. While still early, we believe online will be another way to attract new shoppers and drive customer traffic both online and in our stores. We are delighted with Sierra Trading Post, which we acquired in late 2012. Beyond its smooth transition into TJX, we are even more excited about the future opportunities to share knowledge and expertise in both directions. In the U.K., while tkmaxx.com remains a small piece of the overall business, we are also pleased with its progress in 2013.
We learned a great deal from our e-commerce initiatives in 2013, and can see e-commerce eventually working for all our brands. We plan to take a deliberate approach to online growth to ensure we get it right and make
it profitable. We continue to assume very little top-
line benefit in our near- and long-term growth plans
from e-commerce. “Grow Smart” is our motto! We are excited about our online opportunities and confident that e-commerce will be a major growth vehicle for TJX
long term.
SUPPLY CHAIN ENHANCEMENTS
To support our next level of growth, we continue to
invest in our supply chain and infrastructure. Over our long history, we have made ongoing improvements to become more efficient at flowing merchandise to our stores. Leaner, faster-turning inventories allow us to buy closer to need and constantly flow fresh merchandise to our stores. This is what helps create the treasure-hunt experience of shopping our stores, which can drive sales and also lower markdowns, thereby increasing merchandise margins. As much progress as we have made, we are confident we can become even better. Today, we operate 19 distribution centers in 5 countries, and we build our distribution capacity to stay ahead of our store growth. Further, we
are improving our supply chain systems to become even faster and more precise at shipping the right goods to
the right stores at the right time! We are being very methodical with this initiative, and expect to begin a gradual roll out of these systems in the next couple of years. In the interim, we are also working on other ways
to run our supply chain more efficiently.
    9

FINANCIAL STRENGTH
Our financial strength and flexibility give us great confidence in our continued ability to drive profitable growth. Our strong operations have allowed us to achieve superior financial returns and generate enormous amounts of cash, which allows us to simultaneously invest in the growth of the business and return cash to shareholders. Our return on invested capital reached 23% in 2013,
up from 19% four years ago. During the year, Standard
& Poor’s increased our long-term credit rating from “A”
to “A+”, one of the strongest in retail. We believe this is
an important metric for our vendors, landlords and other business associates. With our strong financial position, we issued $500 million of new debt in May 2013 for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Our coupon rate of 2.5% on the 10-year notes was the lowest of any
TJX
TOTAL STORES
3,219 5,150
this period of time, the Company’s dividend has risen
at a compound annual rate of 23%. All of these actions underscore our confidence in our ability to continue to deliver significant increases in sales, earnings, and cash flow, and generate superior financial returns.
LONG-TERM, STRATEGIC VISION
As we look ahead, our management team remains laser focused on near-term execution of our off-price business model while setting our sights on our long-term vision
to grow TJX as a global, value retailer. We could not be more excited about our prospects for international growth and believe that our decades of experience in building international operations, teams and infrastructure are major advantages for TJX. We understand that achieving our future goals relies on the talent and people in our organization, which is why teaching and developing
the next generation of leaders are top priorities. We encourage innovation, intelligent risk taking, and sharing best practices and ideas across divisions. In 2014, we
will continue reinvesting in our business, including new stores, store remodels, and infrastructure, as we position TJX for the next level of growth. As always, we will strive to surpass our goals as we continue on the road to becoming a $40 billion company and beyond!
IN CLOSING
We sincerely appreciate the great work and dedication of our approximately 191,000 Associates around the globe who, together, help make TJX the great Company that it is. We also are grateful to our new and loyal customers for their patronage. And finally, we also thank our fellow shareholders, vendors and other business associates for their ongoing support.
  STORES IN 2013*
POTENTIAL STORES
 IN JUST CURRENT COUNTRIES, WITH CURRENT CHAINS
WITH MORE TO COME
*Includes four Sierra Trading Post stores
retailer’s recent note offerings that we have seen. Even with this additional debt, we continue to have a conservative balance sheet.
We remain committed to maintaining a strong credit rating and continuing our share buyback and dividend programs. In 2013, we generated $2.6 billion in cash from operations, and we spent a total of $1.5 billion to repurchase TJX stock, retiring 27.0 million shares, and increased the per- share dividend 26%. In 2014, we plan to continue our significant share buyback program, with approximately $1.6 to $1.7 billion of repurchases planned for the year. Further, our Board of Directors approved a 21% increase in the per-share dividend in April 2014, which represents the 18th consecutive year of dividend increases. Over
Respectfully,
Bernard Cammarata CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Carol Meyrowitz
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
       1 On a GAAP basis, diluted EPS in Fiscal 2014 were $2.94, a 15% increase over $2.55 in Fiscal 2013. Adjusted diluted EPS exclude a third quarter tax benefit of $.11 per share in Fiscal 2014 and an approximately $.08 benefit from the 53rd week in Fiscal 2013. 2 The five-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for EPS on a GAAP basis was 23%. The CAGR for EPS on an adjusted basis of 24% excludes from Fiscal 2009 GAAP EPS of $1.04 the benefits from an adjustment to the Company’s provision related to the previously announced computer intrusion(s) of $.02, a tax adjustment of $.01, and $.04 from the 53rd week in Fiscal 2009.
10
