 TO OUR FELLOW
SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2012 was another great year for TJX on top of many great years! Our off-price shop- ping experience continued to attract consumers against the backdrop of a very competitive retail environment, a volatile economy and growth in online shopping in the retail industry. Customer traffic rose again in 2012 for the fifth consecu- tive year. All of our divisions delivered excellent results. Marmaxx, our largest division, continues to be very powerful with strong performance of new T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores as we further expand our U.S. penetration. HomeGoods posted outstanding results as it takes hold as a shopping destination for exciting, quality merchandise from around the world. TJX Canada had a terrific year with Marshalls in Canada outperforming our ex- pectations. Last, but certainly not least, we were delighted to see TJX Europe continue to regain its momentum as Europe holds so much growth potential for us.
   2
  
 We surpassed the $25-billion milestone in 2012, with net sales reaching $25.9 billion, up 12% or almost $3 billion over 2011. Consolidated comparable store sales grew
by a very strong 7% over
last year’s 4% increase. Net
income rose to $1.9 billion
and diluted earnings per
share were $2.55, up 28%
on an adjusted basis over
the prior year’s double-digit
increase.1 The year 2012
marked the 17th consecutive
year of earnings per share
growth, and on an adjusted
basis, our five year com-
pound annual EPS growth
rate was 21%.2 We grew to
over 3,000 stores in 2012, netting a total of 145 additional stores to end the fiscal year with 3,050 stores or an increase in overall square footage of 4%.
Gaining
U.S. and
international
customers
A key factor in our confidence in our future is our strong belief that we will continue to grow our U.S. and international customer base. Our annual com- parable store sales have increased in 35 of the last 36 years and over the last five years, our comp sales growth reflects an increase in customer traffic. To us, this indicates that our value prop- osition continues to resonate with consumers and set us apart from many other retailers. While we believe that the Great Recession brought a
lasting paradigm shift to value throughout retail, at TJX, value has been our mission since day one, so we were there to capitalize upon this
shift! We are convinced that our off-price combi- nation of fashion, brands, quality and price will con- tinue to be a tremendous draw for consumers in up or down economies and that value is here to stay!
We believe we have one of the widest custom- er demographic reaches in retail and have sig- nificantly broadened our reach in the last five years. Recently, we have been
successfully attracting more and more younger consumers. We are aggressively targeting a younger audience with our mer- chandising and marketing, including social media, while continuing to serve our core cus- tomers. We believe we will retain our younger customers, both female and male, as loyal shoppers for the future.
While we have grown our customer base over the last several years, our market penetra- tion in the U.S. still remains below department store levels, which speaks to our potential to gain more market share. To continue attracting more new customers, we are planning even more powerful marketing this year, increas- ing advertising impressions and leveraging our global marketing abilities even further to reach more consumers, all with only a slight increase in spending. A great example of utilizing our marketing across our banners is our tri-branded marketing campaigns, which we brought to Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada following great success for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods in the U.S. We believe these campaigns helped drive
 3

Growing our younger audience while serving core customers
  
customer traffic in both the U.S. and Canada during the 2012 holiday season and we will roll out more in the upcoming year. In Europe, we will continue to increase our advertising pen- etration this year, which we believe led to sig- nificant customer traffic gains in 2012.
We believe our store remodel program has been very effective in helping to retain the new customers our marketing is attracting, and in 2013, we will continue upgrading the shop- ping experience in our stores. Further, we have many in-store merchandising initiatives underway across the Company as we con- tinuously read and respond to customers’ changing tastes. With no walls between de- partments in our stores, we will continue to capitalize on the extreme
flexibility of our business
model to quickly shift in and
out of merchandise catego-
ries in our stores. For a com-
pany of our size, we have
great nimbleness to navigate
the marketplace and take
advantage of the best buy-
ing opportunities.
We understand the power of brands for con- sumers, which is why we are constantly working to make our best brand representa- tion even stronger. We view TJX as a value-driven, glob- al sourcing machine. Our
buying organization of over 800 merchants sources from more than 60 countries and we continue to expand our worldwide reach to get even closer to sources of merchan- dise. Our universe of over 16,000 vendors af- fords us tremendous flexibility and we contin- ue to strengthen our vendor relationships and build new ones to offer consumers even more exciting brands.
GLOBAL STORE GROWTH POTENTIAL
As proud as we are to have topped 3,000 total stores and 1,000 T.J. Maxx stores in 2012, we see enormous potential to continue our global store growth. Today, we see the potential to ex- pand our store base by over 50%, up to almost 4,800 stores, with our current chains in our current markets alone. We recently raised our estimates for the potential size of our U.S. busi- nesses and internationally, we believe we have vast opportunities. Over time, we could envision our numbers growing even larger. We operate successfully in six countries and believe we are the only retailer in the world with our deep understanding and experience in successfully bringing the off-price concept to different
countries and that this gives us tremendous advantages. In 2013, we plan to net approx- imately 150 additional stores, which would represent 4% square footage growth.
At Marmaxx, we still see plenty of room to profitably grow our largest division. We recently raised our estimates for Marmaxx’s long-term po- tential to 2,400-2,600 stores, 200 more stores than our prior thinking. Marmaxx’s consis- tent, excellent results give us confidence in its higher growth potential, with new stores sig- nificantly outperforming our
expectations in each of the last four years. We operate T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores nearly 20 years old that continue to post comparable store sales increases, which is quite remarkable in retailing! Further, we have been very success- ful in expanding the geographic opportunities for Marmaxx, opening up stores in more rural markets and large cities like New York. These expansions into different markets continue to
 5

 6
broaden Marmaxx’s already wide custom- er demographic reach.
We also see HomeGoods as potentially an even bigger business than our prior view, recently increasing our long-term outlook for HomeGoods to grow to 750-825 stores, versus our prior estimate of 750 stores. HomeGoods has also driven consistently strong results for several years and its 2012 fleet of new stores well exceeded our expectations. Also giving us confidence is that there are about 100 U.S. mar- kets where we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls store without a HomeGoods store. In addition, other U.S. retailers selling merchandise for the home are about double the current size of HomeGoods, which speaks to the potential for this division.
TJX Europe got solidly back on track in 2012 and had a fantastic year. Comparable
store sales increased an extremely strong 10%, segment profit margin grew nearly three-fold over the prior year, and we saw broad-based strength across geographies with a variety of economic climates. We remain the only major off-price retailer in Europe and view our store growth opportunities there as nothing short of amazing! Our HomeSense chain operates only 24 stores in the U.K., so we have a long runway for growth with this one banner alone. Overall, we see TJX Europe’s long-term potential to grow to up to 875 stores with just our current chains in just our current countries. While our store base in Europe is still relatively small compared to 875 and we plan to proceed prudently, we believe our off-price model could work in virtually any country where consumers seek branded merchandise at
great prices.

 At TJX Canada, we continue to see significant growth ahead. As other U.S. retailers are just beginning to cross over to Canada, we believe our over 22 years of experience in Canada will continue to serve us well. The launch of Marshalls in Canada has been very successful. This young chain has reached profitability in less than two years, which underscores our ability to expand profitably internationally. Long term, we see the potential to expand Marshalls to about 100 stores in Canada and overall, believe TJX Canada has the potential to grow to about 430 stores.
E-COMMERCE:
ANOTHER PLATFORM FOR VALUE
Beyond our successful brick-and-mortar busi- ness, we continue to view e-commerce as a great opportunity for TJX and another plat- form to reach more consumers with our great values. In late 2012, we were delighted to add Sierra Trading Post, an off-price, Internet retailer, to our family of businesses. We will run Sierra Trading Post as its own banner as we develop TJX’s e-commerce initiative and see excellent opportunities to gain leverage in both business- es. We view Sierra Trading Post as providing immediate scale, giving us tremendous know- ledge and infrastructure for our e-commerce business. In turn, Sierra Trading Post can use TJX’s merchandising strengths to build its brand further. As we have brought Sierra Trading Post into the TJX fold, we already see our simi- lar corporate cultures working
very well together and believe our synergies will yield very positive results in the medium and long term.
At the same time, our TJX e-commerce team continues to develop our capabilities to leverage our infrastructure, large buying or- ganization, vendor universe, and marketing presence to deliver our value proposition on the Internet. Earlier this year, we announced our goal to launch a T.J. Maxx website in a small, controlled mode in the second half of 2013. As we have said many times, we plan to take our time with this initiative to do it right and make it profitable, having only little top-line benefit assumed in our near- and long-term growth plans at this time. That said, we are extremely excited about our online prospects! Whether with brick-and-mortar stores, e-commerce or mobile, our goal is to target an extremely wide customer demographic!
Supply chain opportunities
As we have discussed many times before, operating with leaner inventories over the last several years has resulted in excellent results for our business. It has allowed us to be more nimble in the marketplace and be smarter in our purchasing, which in turn gives us the ability to drive higher merchandise margins. It has also led to a
 7
 
   
more exciting shopping experience and bet- ter values in our stores, which we believe has driven customer traffic and the top line. As effective as our supply chain is, we are con- tinuing with our investments to become even more precise at delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time. We are being very deliberate with this initiative, so we still have approximately two more years before we expect to start seeing the benefits from our investment. During this time, we are also working on several other initiatives to improve our supply chain.
Strategic
vision for
growth
FINANCIAL STRENGTH
GIVES US GREAT CONFIDENCE
Our financial strength and flexibility give us great confidence and provide a solid foun- dation upon which to grow
in the future. Our strong
operations generate finan-
cial returns that are among
the highest in retail and
our “A” Standard & Poor’s
credit rating is one of the
strongest in our industry,
which is important to our
vendors, landlords, and
business associates. In
2012, we generated $3.0
billion in cash from opera-
tions and spent a total of
$1.3 billion to repurchase
TJX stock, retiring 30.6 million shares, and we increased the per-share dividend 21%.
In 2013, we plan to continue our significant share buyback program, with approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of repurchases planned for the year. Further, our Board of Directors approved a 26% increase in the per-share dividend in April 2013, which represents the 17th consecutive year of divi- dend increases. Over this period of time, the Company’s dividend has risen at a com- pound annual rate of 23%. All of these ac- tions underscore our confidence in our abil- ity to continue to deliver significant increases in sales and profit, and generate superior financial returns.
LONG-TERM VIEW
While we clearly plan for the year ahead and have a three-year growth model, our strategic vision for TJX goes well beyond that! As a management team, we are laser focused on sharp execution in the near term, but are simultaneously looking far into the future, positioning this Company for successful growth for many years to come. We encour- age intelligent risk taking, sharing ideas across divisions, and testing many new initia-
tives, constantly find- ing new ways to grow. We are keenly aware that this growth requires a deep and talented pool of Associates. We remain steadfast in de- veloping this talent by having many TJX vet- erans mentor the next generation of leaders. Additionally, in 2013, we plan to capitalize and build upon our success and continue to invest
in store growth, building our organization, e- commerce, and infrastructure, as we position
 9

TJX for our next phase of growth and to be- come a $40 billion-plus company.
Value is
our mission
As we begin a new year, our winning formula has not changed. We will continue to raise the bar on execution of the many elements of our off-price business model that have made this Company great. Our management team remains as passionate as ever about driving profitable sales growth. Above all, through- out our organization, we remain focused on our value mission to be a retailer for today and tomorrow!
IN REMEMBRANCE
We were deeply saddened by the passing of John Nelson, past Chairman of our Board of Directors. John became a Director in 1993, served as Chairman of the Board from 1995 to 1999, and retired from the Board in June 2001. As Chairman, John was extremely supportive at an important time in the Company’s history, when we acquired Marshalls. He will be greatly missed and we extend our deepest condo- lences to his family, friends and colleagues.
OUR GRATITUDE
Earlier this year, Jeff Naylor stepped down from his position as Chief Administrative Officer of TJX and will remain as Senior Corporate
Advisor to the Company. In his nine years with TJX, Jeff has overseen the financial and administrative aspects of our business, includ- ing more than six years as Chief Financial Officer, and he has been an enormous part of TJX’s success. We are very grateful for Jeff’s dedicated service to TJX and pleased that he will remain in a new role and continue to par- ticipate in developing TJX’s growth strategy.
Without the great work and dedication of our approximately 179,000 Associates, TJX would not be the successful Company it is today. Of course, we are very grateful to our new and loyal customers for their patron- age. We also thank our fellow shareholders, vendors and other business associates for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
Bernard Cammarata CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Carol Meyrowitz
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
       10
1 Fiscal 2013 had 53 weeks. Fiscal 2013 consolidated comparable store sales are for the 52-week period ended 1/26/13 versus the same period in Fiscal 2012. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share in Fiscal 2013 increased 32% over $1.93 in Fiscal 2012. Fiscal 2012 adjusted earnings per share exclude the negative im- pact of $.04 per share from the consolidation and store closings of the former A.J. Wright division and $.02 per share from costs related to the conversion and grand re-openings of certain former A.J. Wright stores into other TJX banners.
2 The five-year compound annual growth rate for earnings per share on a GAAP basis was 25%. The five-year compound annual growth rate for earnings per share on an adjusted basis of 21% excludes from Fiscal 2008 earnings per share the negative impact of $.13 per share due to the Company’s provision related to the previously announced computer intrusion(s).
