To Our Shareholders
2004
was about delivering value to our
customers and shareholders.
With the steps we have taken to improve
our competitiveness, we were well-equipped
to capitalize on the rebound in global industrial
markets. The result: record sales and strong
earnings growth, despite unprecedented high
raw material costs.
For shareholders, our total return was
33%, including dividends reinvested, versus
11% for the S&P 500. Our stock closed the
year at $26.02, the highest year-end close
since 1997, and continued to do well in the
first few months of 2005. Shareholders’
equity increased $180 million over 2003.
In early 2005, we raised our dividend to
15 cents per share, making it the 331
consecutive dividend paid on Timken common stock
Our improved performance has been
noted by leading business media. We are
once again among the
Fortune
500, our first
listing since 1995. In 2005, we were named
to the
Forbes
Platinum 400 as one of
America’s Best Managed Companies,
returning to the list for the first time since
1999. We also were named one of the 100
Best Corporate Citizens for 2004 by
Business Ethics.
It’s about getting results
Delivering value in 2004 meant getting results.
• We achieved record sales of $4.5 billion,
19% higher than 2003, while net income
of $135.7 million nearly quadrupled,
compared to the prior year.
• Our strengthened balance sheet reflects
total debt of $779 million, or 38% of total
capital, compared with 40% in 2003. We
decreased our leverage even with
increased cash needs for working capital
requirements, capital expenditures and
pension plan contributions.
• We made rapid progress in integrating our
largest acquisition ever, The Torrington
Company. We recorded $80 million in
integration savings, one year ahead of
our 2005 target, and made significant
operational improvements in the company.
• Our supply chain initiatives demonstrated
improved efficiency with improved working capital utilization
While we improved performance in 2004,
we also strengthened our foundation for the
future.
• We expanded our engineering and
research center in Bangalore, India, to
better respond to customer needs and
continued growth.
• We completed construction of a new
joint-venture bearing plant in Suzhou,
China.
• We expanded our product lines through
the small but strategic acquisitions of
Alcor Engine Company and SES Technical
Group, which provide parts and compo-
nent repair for gas turbine engines
and vibration monitoring and diagnostic
services.
These achievements reflect the benefits of
redefining our company, an effort we began
in late 1999. The work we undertook in reor-
ganizing, restructuring and implementing
new value-oriented strategies helped us
weather the recent industrial recession.
Now it is helping us deliver significantly
improved profitability as global industrial
markets have rebounded.
It’s about customers
The complexity of changing a 106-year-old
company cannot be overstated. Most
people still think of Timken as a bearings
and steel manufacturing company. Yet
bearings and steel are just part of what we
deliver to our customers. We create value
by reducing friction and making our
customers’ products perform better. And
when our customers’ products perform
better, we perform better, generating higher
returns for our shareholders. At the same time, reducing friction lowers energy
consumption - and ever-increasing priority for our world.
Our strength is based on core tech-
nologies of friction management, ferrous
metallurgy and power transmission. The
difference between the old and new ways
of thinking about Timken is more than
semantics; it’s a philosophy that differenti-
ates us from the competition. We will
continue to transform ourselves to meet
our customers’ ever-changing needs.
We strive to bring highly innovative
products and solutions to manufacturers
and end users. In 2004, we leveraged the
broader product lines gained through the
Torrington acquisition and expanded the
distribution of new offerings, such as
lubrication products, sealing solutions and
automotive service parts. Just one example
of a better approach for customers is the
new lead-free forging steel we developed
for Honda in conjunction with our technical
alliance partner, Sumitomo Metals. This
new steel is improving the performance
of Honda engines, while protecting the
environment.
It’s about working the plan
Strong execution in the Steel Group resulted
in record sales and shipments in 2004.
Contributing to the group’s improved
profitability was the global industrial recovery and a weaker U.S. dollar. New pricing
mechanisms that responded to escalating
raw material costs allowed profitability to
rebound and are expected to continue to
deliver shareholder value in 2005.
Results in our Automotive Group
improved. Cost-reduction efforts led by
Lean Six Sigma manufacturing techniques
drove significant savings and were supple-
mented by new product launches and
stronger markets for medium- and heavy-
duty trucks. These positives were offset by
escalating raw material costs that reduced
profitability, as long-term contracts allowed
only modest recovery of price increases.
We expect 2005 performance to benefit
from additional product launches and
improved recovery of higher raw material
costs as contracts mature.
The Industrial Group continues to imple-
ment its strategy, with strong performance
in 2004 that leveraged the industrial market
recovery and a broader range of globally
competitive products and services. Even
with higher raw material costs, the group
improved profitability, achieving a 10% EBIT
margin, up almost 200 basis points over the
previous year.
We made significant improvements in
our manufacturing base with expansions in
Poland, Romania, China and the United
States.
At the end of 2004, we launched a
new initiative – Project ONE (Our New
Enterprise) – to redesign the way we do
business. This multi-year undertaking is
aimed at improving our business processes
and systems. Project ONE is intended to
maximize our efficiency, increase our speed
and agility, improve customer service and
support the company’s future growth.
It’s about responding to change
The swift and strong recovery in industrial
markets was both welcome and a
challenge, as it strained supply chains
While
our associates responded, we still
are not satisfied with our customer service
levels. We increased capacity in 2004
and will invest more in strategic capacity
expansions in the coming year.
The record raw material price increases
have been a short-term challenge, but could
be a long-term opportunity for Timken. We
believe higher prices will continue to fuel
investments in mining, oil and gas drilling
and related industrial equipment, which will,
in turn, drive demand for our products.
In 2004, we continued to rebalance our
portfolio of businesses to strengthen our
competitive abilities. In addition to acquiring
product-line extensions in our Industrial
Group, we sold certain non-strategic assets.
We also continue to carefully assess oppor-
tunities within our markets to determine in
which areas we will or will not participate.
It’s about thinking globally
Industrial development in Asia, the most
rapid the world has seen since the post-
World War II boom of the 1950s, has led to
significant growth prospects for Timken in
this emerging market.
Over the past year and a half, we have
added many new sales, service and application engineers in China and India to serve
customers in Asia. For our growing technical staff in Bangalore, we opened expanded
facilities in 2004, as previously mentioned.
We have had more than 30% growth in
industrial bearing sales to Chinese markets
in each of the last two years.
We also continue to increase our manu-
facturing presence in Asia. In addition to our
new bearing facility in Suzhou, we broke
ground for a modern bearing plant in Wuxi,
China. As we expand in Asia with more
manufacturing and technical capabilities,
we are strengthening the management
organization responsible for executing our
growth strategies.
It’s about people
In 2004, Timken associates around the globe
stepped up to incredible challenges present-
ed by rising demand for our products and
services. We thank them for their contribu-
tions, their commitment to excellence and
their role in our ongoing growth.
During the year, our leadership team
adapted to reflect our focus on key priorities.
Jacqui Dedo joined us as president –
Automotive in March 2004. Roger Lindsay
was named to the newly created role of
senior vice president – Asia Pacific. Chris
Coughlin was appointed senior vice
president of Project ONE, and Don Walker
was appointed senior vice president –
Human Resources and Organizational
Advancement. With these new assign-
ments, and the talents of our entire manage-
ment team, we expect continued improve-
ment in our ability to grow profitably.
We also built on the strength that
has typified our Board of Directors. We
welcomed two new directors: Phillip R. Cox,
president and chief executive officer of Cox
Financial Services, and Jerry J. Jasinowski,
president of The Manufacturing Institute. Jay
Precourt has chosen not to stand for
re-election in 2005. We thank him for the
knowledge and expertise he has shared
with us, and we welcome the fresh insights
and perspectives of our new members.
It’s about all that Timken stands for
Companies exist to create value for
customers and shareholders alike. That
we’re now in our second century demon-
strates this is a lesson well-learned at The
Timken Company. We believe we have
the best people, the strongest ethics, the
most innovative technology and the
highest quality, all focused on delivering
to customers what they need to be more
successful.
Companies thrive when they continue
to define and redefine themselves to keep
pace with changing customer needs and
market demands. That’s what Timken is all
about. It’s our willingness to transform our
business, whenever necessary, that will
carry us through the years ahead – and
to ever greater value creation for our
customers and our shareholders.
W.R. Timken, Jr.
Chairman
James W. Griffith
President and
Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2005

