The year 2003 was truly one of remarkable
change and challenge. We took the bold-
est leap in our company’s history with our
acquisition of The Torrington Company,
increasing our size by nearly 50%. We
now are a global leader in three complementary product and service lines –
tapered roller bearings, needle roller bearings and alloy steels. By successfully
integrating these two industry leaders,
we are creating a platform for profitable
growth – and boundless opportunities for
our future.
Other 2003 achievements included:
•
Record sales of $3.8 billion, including
our first $1 billion quarter at the end
of the year. The combination of Timken
and Torrington product lines has
expanded our market presence, creat-
ing greater opportunities to provide
customers with valued solutions.
•
Successful launches of innovative
new products, adding approximately
$174 million in sales.
Startup of a joint-venture manufacturing facility in the United States that is
expected to reduce bearing manufacturing costs.
•
Significant expansion in key geographic
and industrial markets, with a joint-
venture plant under construction in
Suzhou, China; stronger business relationships with U.S. operations of Asian
automakers and their suppliers; an
expanded product line in industrial
distribution; and greater penetration in
aerospace and other key markets.
•
Effective actions that improved our balance sheet following the $840 million
acquisition of Torrington in February
2003. We had leveraged our balance
sheet to purchase Torrington, with
debt peaking at more than $1 billion.
Then, we took steps to reduce our
debt to
$735 million or 40% of total
capitalization – even lower than the 43%
level at year-end 2002
While our earnings fell short of our expec-
tations, the Torrington acquisition was
accretive to earnings in the first year. In
order to deliver the rest of the shareholder
value anticipated in the Torrington acquisition, our challenge is to:
•
Improve the performance of our
Automotive Group, which faced the
simultaneous challenges of integrating
two businesses and completing previously launched manufacturing rationalization programs.
•
Mitigate record high
prices for scrap
steel and increased e
nergy and alloy
costs in our steel b
usiness.
•
Overcome the impact of the continued
cyclical trough in global industrial markets.
Boundless Change
We are optimistic. There are signs the
markets are finally moving in our favor,
and we have increased confidence that
our actions over the last few years position us well for continued profitable
growth.
To thrive in today’s competitive environ-
ment, creating value for both customers
and shareholders, we are becoming
more adaptive to the boundless change
in the marketplace. Our transformation is
tied to three key strategies:
•
Customer-driven innovation;
•
A focus on performance; and
•
An adaptive management capability.
Boundless Innovation
Innovation has been a strength throughout our history. Our combined knowledge
of materials science, friction management and precision manufacturing is
unequalled. These core technical competencies provide a globally competitive
advantage that allows us to continue to
expand the products and services we
offer to customers. In 2003, we developed nearly 3,000 new prototypes. We
are leveraging our technological competencies and global engineering resources
to introduce new solutions – extending
beyond the bearing itself to the environment around the bearing. With customer
driven innovation, each product addresses
a pressing issue, be it fuel efficiency, high
performance or debris resistance, or
the need for such ancillary offerings as
engineered surfaces, sensor products or
integrated assemblies.
Industrial Group
: We are tapping new
opportunities to serve industrial cus-
tomers with a broader range of globally
competitive products and services. A
recent example is our support for China’s
growing infrastructure, where we are
providing large-bore bearings for power
generation plants, with the potential to
supply future plants.
We complement our product offerings
with a growing number of industrial
services – from bearing and non-bearing
component repair to engineering design
and technical consulting services. In
2003, these services provided more than
$75 million in revenue.
Our innovative offerings are rapidly
expanding our automotive distribution
business in North America, which is part
of our Industrial Group. Sales to this chan-
nel have grown more than 30% in each
of the past four years, and we see more
opportunity globally.
Automotive Group
: Our Automotive
Group had a strong year on the customer
front. New product launches on the
Ford F150, Nissan Pathfinder Armada,
Mercedes E-Class, Chevy Colorado and
other vehicles brought in approximately
$125 million in new sales. Based on the
technical competencies created by the
combination of Timken and Torrington,
many new doors were opened. For
example, in 2003 Timken was one of an
elite group of suppliers invited to General
Motors TechWorld, where we show-
cased chassis and powertrain applica-
tions of our bearing- and steel-based
technologies for more than 1,000 GM
engineering executives and senior man-
agement. This customer interaction is
sowing the seeds of opportunity based
on new products.
Automotive Group performance lagged
expectations as the group struggled to
execute integration strategies while
restructuring automotive plants. As a
result, we have made changes in our
leadership team and management sys-
tems. Fourth quarter results confirmed
the success of these efforts, and we look
forward to a more profitable year in 2004.
In February 2004, we announced that
Jacqueline A. Dedo, an automotive industry veteran, is joining Timken as president
of the Automotive Group.
Steel Group
: Profitability is an issue not
just for Timken, but for the steel industry
as a whole. In 2003, the Steel Group
experienced its first full-year loss after a
decade of profitability. To mitigate the
severe effects of scrap steel and energy
costs, we are increasing prices, passing
on surcharges, and controlling capital
spending and inventory. The investments
made in our steel business over the last
15 years and continued productivity
improvements have given us a competitive advantage, and we will continue to
focus on achieving profitability. We also
are creating new opportunities through
affiliations such as the one we have with
Sumitomo Metals Kokura of Japan,
which is resulting in proprietary new
products that replace environmentally
unfriendly leaded steels. In 2004, we will
begin supplying these to the U.S. opera-
tions of a Japanese automaker.
Boundless Drive to Excel
The drive to excel is codified in our focus
on performance. It is part of our company
culture, embodied by our 26,000 men
and women around the world. Through
their daily efforts, we maintain our
competitive edge.
•
We surpassed our Year One cost-
saving targets in integrating Timken
and Torrington, achieving $28 million
of pretax savings. We are on track to
achieve our 2005 target of $80 million.
In the process, we closed two manu-
facturing facilities in the United States
and Great Britain and sold non-strategic
assets.
•
In 2003, we completed one of the most
massive rationalization efforts in our
history, which focused on improv-
ing operations at both Timken and
Torrington plants. While the magnitude
of change had a negative impact on
Automotive Group results in 2003, we
expect to see benefits and improved
operating performance in 2004.
Further, we are expanding cap-
acity at several low-cost manufac-
turing
locations, including those in
Poland, R
omania, China and the
Czech
Republic.
•
In China and other emerging regions,
we increased our presence to serve
these markets as they grow and
strengthen our export capabilities. In
2003, we opened a new distribution
center in Shanghai. Construction on our
fourth Chinese plant will be completed
in early 2004.
•
We created an independent organiza-
tion in 2003 to transform our supply
chain. Its charge is to optimize the
entire process, from product develop-
ment through production to customer
delivery. This work incorporates the discipline of our Lean Six Sigma initiative.
Boundless Learning
A critical lesson we’ve learned is the
importance of nurturing an adaptive
management capability. It’s how we aim
to become a truly exceptional organization that can react to, and take advantage
of, boundless change within our markets.
An early integration priority was to put
in place a management team of the right
talent from both companies. We made
numerous changes, resulting in new
leaders in positions around the world. We
welcome them into our management
ranks, and we will miss those who have
left the company. We thank them for all
their efforts over the years.
Special recognition is owed to three long-
tenured officers who retired in 2003:
•
W. R. (Tim) Timken, Jr., completed his
41-year career with the company,
having spent the last 28 years as executive chairman of the board. Tim will
continue as non-executive chairman.
•
Ward J. (Jack) Timken, vice president
and officer, retired after 35 years of
service and will remain a member of
the board.
•
Bill J. Bowling, executive vice presi-
dent, chief operating officer and presi-
dent of the Steel Group, retired after
38 years of service. W. J. (Tim) Timken,
Jr. has been elected executive vice
president and president of the Steel
Group.
Special thanks also go to Martin D. (Skip)
Walker and Stanley C. Gault, who decided
to retire from our board. We have
appreciated their valuable contributions.
In November, we welcomed Frank C.
Sullivan, CEO of RPM International Inc.,
to the board of directors, and we have
nominated Jerry J. Jasinowski, presi-
dent of the National Association of
Manufacturers to join in 2
004. He will
stand for election on
April 20.
Boundless Opportunities
As we set our sights on target markets,
the opportunities for the new Timken
are truly boundless – from alloy steel . . .
to continuing product innovations . . . to
everything around the bearing. And our
playing field just keeps growing. The
Automotive industry. Agriculture.
Construction. Mining. Metals. Paper.
Power Generation. Aerospace. Rail.
Machine Tooling. Medical. And other
industrial
applications. Virtually any indus-
try in which anything moves.
Timken is both poised and prepared to
take on these boundless opportunities,
staying true to the core values that have
served us well these past 104 years.
Chief among them is working to the
highest level of ethics and integrity.
We look forward to 2004 and beyond
with the confidence of a solid foundation
for growth, a commitment to improved
performance and an excellent team of
associates worldwide.
