 to our
shareholders
If ever there was a good news-bad news year for The Timken
Company, 2001 was it. That there was much good news is a tribute
to the progress achieved by Timken associates under the transforma-
tion that we began two years ago. The purpose was to make our company more global, better able to grow, more innovative and customer centric – and less asset-intensive. A combination of transformation actions taken in 2001 led to numerous achievements and opened up many opportu- nities for growth. Those actions also staved off the worst effects of severe economic conditions in the U.S. and many other nations.
Sales in 2001 were $2.4 billion, down from $2.6 billion in 2000. Amidst weakened global markets, we aggressively worked to stem lost sales by adding products and services, winning new applications and achieving stronger market penetration at the expense of competitors. We had a net loss of $5.6 million, excluding special charges and income. Including those special items, the loss was $41.7 million. Because we moved aggressively into a cash generation mode and pushed hard for sales, we kept losses down and generated more than $100 million in free cash flow.
Because we had our transformation well underway before the U.S. recession delivered its full impact, it didn’t slow progress. Simultaneously, we reacted to the recession by reducing capital spending and lowering employment while pushing ahead with key transformation priorities. For example, a major company building block is the new manufacturing strategy that we launched early in 2001. It is central to our transformation and to strengthening our core businesses worldwide. Strategic linchpins include creating a network of focused factories, each specializing in a narrower line of products, and moving production of various products to the lowest total cost facilities. That process is well underway, and both shareholders and customers are benefiting. The strategy – con- sistent with improving core businesses and reducing fixed assets – called for closing and consoli- dating plants. Since 1998, we have closed seven. The recession enabled us to accelerate closing two large plants; one ceased operating in early November – six months ahead of schedule – and another ceases operations by mid-2002, again many months ahead of schedule. That acceleration also means we are spending less than anticipated to complete the closings.
A Key to Growth
While reducing factory floor space and related costs, that same manufacturing strategy is enabling us to significantly increase capacity elsewhere. One example is our operation in Romania, where we are increasing product quality, product variety and productivity. It is one of our lowest-cost plants, and we have already doubled output there twice and believe we can again.
It is also a sterling example of the kind of teamwork that marks so many of our successes. In late 2001, the Romanian plant made a breakthrough delivery of bearings to a major rolling mill in China in record time. Supporting the effort were design and product development associates in the U.S., customer engineering specialists in France, and sales and service engineering colleagues in Singapore and China.
Our foremost transformation priority remains growing the company. Despite economic difficulties, we successfully undertook several growth initiatives. They included:
• new products such as smart bearings for light trucks,
• new applications such as wheel bearings for the hot PT Cruiser,
 2

• new services such as providing repair and engineering services to the steel and aluminum industries in Brazil,
• newaffiliations,includingonewithcompetitorNSKtoserveToyota’sbearingneedsgloballyandoneswith Rockwell Automation and Sandvik and competitors SKF and INA to serve the needs of distributors around the world, and
• newacquisitionssuchasBamarecwhichexpandsourPrecisionSteelComponentsbusinessintothelarge European market.
Another key building block is our ongoing commitment to research and development. This continues as
a high-octane fuel for innovation. We opened a new technical center in France that puts us closer to major European design centers, and expanded one in India that supports our drive to become more global and better address customer needs in Asia. A few facts underscore the importance of our vibrant R&D operation. Over the last five years, it has produced more than 4,400 prototypes and contributed some $450 million in sales growth. It has contributed millions more to cost-reduction efforts.
The bad news, of course, was the grim economic environment itself. The company faced one of its sternest tests ever. While the recession in the U.S. as a whole is said to have begun in March 2001, the U.S. manufacturing sector recession began in September 2000 on the heels of the Asian economic crisis of
1998. It has continued into 2002 and has hit harder and lasted long- er than any manufactur- ing recession since the 1930s.
Consider these facts. Since 1969, there have been five manufacturing recessions. They lasted an average of 10 months. The current one is at 17 months and counting.
W.R. Timken, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer (right); James W. Griffith, president and chief operating officer (seated); and Bill J. Bowling, executive vice president and chief operating officer and president – steel.
 3
  
 4
During that time, more than 1.3 million manufacturing jobs have been lost. In the U.S., factory utilization has sunk to about 73% – the lowest in nearly 20 years.
September 11 lengthened and deepened the recession dramatically. The impact on our company was substantial. We had planned for a record sales year but ended up 12% below that target. The first six months’ sales were off plan by only 6%, but the second six months were l8% below plan. Clearly, significant change was required, and our 19,000 associates responded with vigor and sacrifice. Although the financial results are not acceptable to us or our sharehold- ers, who include 90% of Timken associates, they exceed those of many firms with whom we compete.
Structurally, we lowered manufacturing, sales and administrative costs – and the company’s breakeven point. We cut back but also took greater advantage of technology, foremost by putting Internet technology to work in streamlining internal processes, increasing productivity and improv- ing customer service through four linked Web sites. We are expecting our associates to perform at ever-higher performance levels – vital in a hotly competitive environment. They are delivering.
By tightly managing costs and further streamlining processes, we were able to reduce inventories by $60 million and achieve a record turn rate. We also reduced capital spending – from $163 million in 2000 to $102 million. We expect 2002 spending to be up modestly because of manufacturing strategy initiatives but still below depreciation.
Reducing Debt
As the recession deepened and lengthened, another major goal was reducing debt. A key to our success over the years has been maintaining financial strength, as seen in a strong balance sheet. At the end of the third quarter, debt stood at $590 million. At year end, the figure was $497 million – or a debt-to-capital ratio of 38.9% – and down from $515 million at the close of 2000. Our cash balances also increased by $20 million. This year we intend to keep debt at a reasonable level to reduce the costs of borrowing and enable us to seize growth opportunities.
Anticipating an eventual weak economic recovery and aiming to strengthen financial perform- ance once the recovery occurs, we also reduced the quarterly dividend – from 18 cents per share to 13 cents. In the current share price range, that still produces a yield of 3%-4%. What’s the net for our shareholders? The 2001 total return to shareholders was a positive 11.5% compared to the S&P 500 index total return of –11.9%.
2002 holds considerable potential for improving performance. The extent to which we can deliver on that potential will turn on continuing to meet our transformation priorities and, of course, on the degree of economic recovery.
For decades, manufacturers in certain countries have been unfairly dumping both bearings and steel into the U.S. The federal government defines dumping as shipping products priced lower than the cost of production or sold at prices lower than in home countries. Dumping has impeded our ability to compete and, thus, to invest in still more research and development. Last year, Congress passed the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act that, for the first time, required that tariffs collected on dumped imports be directed to the industries harmed. As a result, in late 2001, Timken received a $31 million payment – which we will use for more investment in innovation, as well as paying down debt.
The U.S. steel industry has been making headlines, most of them grim. As 2001 came to an end, 28 steel companies – representing more than 35% of industry capacity – had declared
 
bankruptcy since 1997. Our Timken steel business is a noteworthy exception. Not only has it avoided being pinned against the financial ropes, it remains profitable. It has added market penetration, and it has contributed significantly to the company’s cash flow. We are pleased the federal government has recognized the problems of steel imports and await the Section 201 decision on steel. You can read more about our steel success story on pages 12-14.
A new challenge has to do with pension funding. Current U.S. law ties company contributions to defined benefit pension plans to the interest rate on 30-year U.S. Treasury bonds. As government surpluses were used to liquidate long-term Treasuries, those rates have declined and, to worsen the situation, late last year the government stopped issuing 30-year bonds. Unless the law is changed in a way that links pension fund contributions to higher-yielding, market-based instruments, companies, including Timken, will have to deposit significantly more cash into those plans. The National Association of Manufacturers, other business groups and individual companies are campaigning for a much-needed funding law change.
In another pension-related situation, lower stock market returns and lower interest rates reduced asset values and increased our pension liability, respectively. This, coupled with increased benefit commitments, created a non-cash adjustment that does not affect net income but reduced shareholder equity by $122 million.
Providing Innovation and Strength
At this point in the new year, the economic horizon still seems hazy, although the consensus opinion sees a strengthening economy, especially in 2002’s second half. Looking beyond that horizon, we know that our transformation and its attendant actions are providing the innovation and strength to carry the company into more decades of growth and prosperity. We will recover from this severest of recessions, and we will forge ahead stronger than ever.
If ever there was an annual report in which it was especially appropriate to thank our associates, this is the one. To accomplish recent successes, they have made many sacrifices. They have endured layoffs of colleagues and variable-pay elimination. Merit pay budgets also have taken hits. At the same time, our associates are working harder to overcome economic and competitive obstacles. Because so many are shareholders, they also feel the impact of the dividend reduction. We thank all of our dedicated associates with utmost sincerity.
Late last year, we took another major transformation step when our board elected Glenn Eisenberg as executive vice president – finance and administration. Glenn’s track record at United Dominion Industries, a $2.4 billion diversified manufac- turer where he was president and chief operating officer until UDI was acquired by another company, shows we’ve added a skilled leader to our team. We also extend our gratitude to Gene Little, who will be retiring at mid-2002 as senior vice president – finance. Gene has provided our company with 35 years of invaluable service, and we will miss his wise counsel. In addition, we were honored to have President Bush appoint Steve Perry, our former senior vice president-human resources, purchasing and communications, as administrator of the General Services Administration. We wish him the best after 35 years of outstanding service.
W. R. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith Bill J. Bowling January 29, 2002
Glenn Eisenberg, executive vice president – finance and administration
       5
  