T0 OUR SHAREHOLDERS
A year ago in our letter, we assured shareholders that the company was “situated better than ever to leverage the upturn in attractive industrial markets.” With near-record earnings performance in 2010, our results clearly demonstrate that our confidence was well-founded.
Emerging from the worst global recession in modern history, we had anticipated it might take the marketplace two or more years to recover. Nevertheless, we remained optimistic about Timken’s prospects for 2010. We were confident that a modest recovery along with the structural changes we started before the downturn would generate meaningful improvement in our results.
Looking back over the year, our performance far exceeded our initial expectations. Despite the slow pace of the economic recovery, the combination of our improved market exposure – buoyed by our growth in Asia – and our internal operating improvements allowed us to generate exceptional profitability and cash.
Attaining this level of performance also translated to a new high in shareholder value. By year end, Timken’s stock was trading at record prices. Coupled with two dividend increases, which restored dividends to pre-recession levels, we delivered market-leading shareholder returns – testimony to our progress in such a compressed timeframe.
We’ve established a new foundation upon which we are building The Timken Company’s future.
The magnitude of improvement in our performance is further evident when comparing 2010 with 2008, which was the company’s last
By all accounts, 2010 was a very good year. On the top line, we restored sales to
$4.1 billion, a 29 percent increase over 2009.
We drove substantially more to the bottom line, with an increase in our operating margins that marks 2010 as a breakout year. We earned $2.81 per diluted share and recorded operating income, as a percentage of
sales, of 10.9 percent.
For the year, we delivered strong cash flow, generating $313 million in cash from operations and $146 million in free cash flow. We ended the year with more than $1.8 billion of liquidity and a positive
net cash position of $877 million.
This year’s overall performance demonstrates the leverage we gained from the transformative strategy we’ve been executing over the past several years. We reshaped and refocused the entire enterprise and it’s having the desired impact.
We’ve improved operating efficiencies and focused more on attractive industries where our knowledge and capabilities create real value for our customers. We’ve established a new foundation upon which we are building The Timken Company’s future.
 2
earnings record: In 2010, we earned higher operating margins despite having 20 percent less revenue.

A Closer Look at 2010
The fundamental gain in Timken’s earning power resonated most in our Mobile Industries segment. After years of lackluster results, the business outperformed all expectations, posting a 14 percent return on sales. This was driven by stronger light-vehicle demand, which began early in the year, and a recovery in demand from the heavy-duty truck, off-highway equipment and mining market sectors in
the second half.
Those same sectors served to jump-start the Steel Group’s comeback. The strong demand, mostly driven by mobile and energy industry- related customers, propelled the Steel Business to attain margins of 11 percent on sales of
$1.4 billion in 2010.
The demand for our clean steel for energy and industrial applications during the second half of 2010 signaled the beginning of a rebound for
our Process Industries segment. Industrial distribution and capital goods demand in Western markets remained below the trend line for most of the year. Nevertheless, the segment finished the year with signs of recovery, posting sales of $903 million with margins of 15 percent. These results were due in large part to a keen focus on operating efficiency and our ability to capitalize on new markets.
In our Aerospace and Defense segment, we made major strategic improvements in 2010, including the implementation of new processes in the business from the last phase of our Project O.N.E. global enterprise system. This included
a new engineering system that we expect will – when fully deployed – dramatically shorten concept-to-market time. Although both revenues and margins declined as the recession continued to impact this segment, we look forward to a rebound as these late-cycle markets recover.
Ward J. Timken, Jr., chairman (left), and James W. Griffith, president and chief executive officer
 3

Also Noteworthy
The rebound in demand from the recession of 2009 was one of the most dramatic on record. While we were challenged to quickly ramp up operations to serve this renewed customer activity, our improved operational
secure a ready supply of material in close proximity to our steel facilities.
Technology development In 2010,
we introduced a record number of new products in new materials, components
and assemblies, and developed countless solutions for customer-specific applications. Examples that garnered significant
interest during the year included Timken® UltraWindTM bearings for multi-megawatt wind turbines, a selection of seals for wind energy applications and the use of our wear- resistant coatings on the first tapered roller bearings ever designed into the mainshaft of an aircraft engine.
Capital expansion We made focused capital investments throughout the year, including a new wind energy facility in Xiangtan, China. We set the stage for continued improvement in working capital reduction with a new distribution center in Duncan, S.C. We expanded our marketing footprint with new sales offices in Indonesia, China and Vietnam, and we made a number of investments in our steel operations to improve overall productivity and safety.
Our focus on power density–creating products that facilitate the design of smaller, more efficient power transmission solutions– remains central to
our sustainability commitment.
capabilities allowed us to capitalize on the new demand.
This was largely due to Project O.N.E., which we completed in 2010, providing us with capabilities to manage the rebound with a reduced cost
 structure and vigilant working-capital controls.
In 2010, we also put our cash to good use, funding a number of strategic initiatives:
Acquisitions We acquired QM Bearings
and Power Transmission, Inc., headquartered in Ferndale, Wash., extending our industrial product line with spherical roller bearing steel- housed units and couplings for demanding applications such as sawmill and cement operations. Also, at year end, our TSB Metal Recycling subsidiary purchased the assets of City Scrap & Salvage Co. in Akron, Ohio, to
  
 Dividends Timken’s board of directors twice increased shareholder dividends during the year. A 44 percent increase in May and a
38 percent increase in November reflect our confidence in Timken’s future.
Discretionary contributions During the year, we also made additional contributions to Timken employees’ pension plans and established and began funding a trust for our retiree medical plans.
Our actions collectively speak to Timken’s enduring commitment to responsible performance. From our perspective, no measure is more important than the safety of our employees. We continued to make good progress in 2010 to improve our record, reducing our lost-time injuries to a level
20 percent lower than ever achieved in our history. In 2011, we’ll invest further in this area in a never-ending commitment to achieve the safest possible working conditions.
We continue to make a sustainable difference wherever we operate around the world. Our focus on power density – creating products that facilitate the design of smaller, more efficient power – transmission solutions – remains central to our sustainability commitment.
In the realm of recycling, our consumption
of more than 1.5 million tons of scrap metal
in our steelmaking allowed us to convert the equivalent of a million scrap automobiles into energy-saving products for the future. Another 2010 milestone was the opening of our plant in Xiangtan, China, where we manufacture large mainshaft wind turbine bearings.
Timken was named to both Ethisphere’s list of the 100 most ethical global companies and Forbes’ designation of the most trustworthy companies.
These recognitions underscore the unified commitment of our associates to the company’s core values of ethics
and integrity, quality, innovation and independence.
A Sustainable Strategy
To fully appreciate the significant effect of Timken’s strategy, consider how far we’ve come:
We resized the company, stripping significant overhead and asset-intensity out of our business. From 48 percent of sales in 2002, our fixed assets now
are 31 percent of 2010 sales. During the same period, we divested business units that were not suited to our long- term growth plans.
We completed a number of acquisitions that have improved our mix of businesses. Beginning with the purchase of The Torrington Company
in 2003, we have completed 11 acquisitions that have allowed us to build a stronger and broader industrial portfolio with capabilities around
the world.
       5

 In Asia, we have grown consistently across diverse sectors to support rapid development in the region.
our sales were from new specialty steel products introduced in the last five years. This is evidence that our differentiation strategy – focused on tailoring solutions to meet specific customer needs
We re-engineered our Mobile Industries segment to focus on markets that value our capabilities. Through a combination
of operating improvements, pricing initiatives and divestitures, we converted this segment from one where margins in the early part of the decade typically ran in low single digits to a more robust business that is positioned to exceed its cost of capital on an ongoing basis.
In our Steel Group, we drove a series of structural changes to focus the business on more profitable market sectors while working to improve its break-even point in the trough of the cycle. We invested in new capabilities designed to extend our competitive position and expand our capacity to bring more new products to market. By 2010, nearly 25 percent of
sales, providing a critical export market for our historic manufacturing base in the U.S. and Europe, which was especially important during the recent recession. This supports thousands of Timken jobs in Western countries while bolstering our company’s overall growth.
The changes in Timken’s portfolio have fundamentally transformed the company. There is no better example than our Aerospace segment. For 75 years, we have provided landing-wheel bearings for the vast majority of the world’s aircraft. Today, Timken is emerging as a full-service aerospace supplier of complex systems, including gearboxes, and with a portfolio that extends from original-equipment solution design through maintenance, repair and overhaul to a broad line of aftermarket products and services. This evolution – from just bearings to a host
of aerospace systems and services – offers perhaps the best insight into the company’s metamorphosis from a bearing and steel manufacturer to a broad-based solutions partner.
Poised for the Future
In the year ahead, we look forward to additional momentum as the economy continues to improve. We expect both our Mobile Industries and Steel segments
to build on their accomplishments. Our performance should be boosted further by the benefits from the later-cycle recovery in our Process Industries and Aerospace and Defense segments. Taken together, this will deliver stronger base business performance in the years to come.
    across a wide range of industries – is delivering results.
We are steadily expanding in growing, attractive industries and new market spaces where we can create competitive value based on our knowledge and global service capabilities. A prime example
of this is in Asia, where we have grown consistently across diverse sectors to support rapid development in the region. In 2010, our business there approached $500 million for the first time. China became our second-largest country in
 6

The strong foundation provided by this base reinforces our confidence in our strategy: continuing to grow The Timken Company and to optimize its performance, leveraging our knowledge of materials and systems for efficient power transmission.
We have a strong balance sheet, with
ample liquidity. We will use these resources for further business development, including acquisitions, technology advancement, capital investments and global expansion, as well as additional pension and retiree benefit plan contributions. Rest assured that we will continue to employ a disciplined approach when considering additions to
our Timken portfolio.
We’ll remain focused on execution, driving operational excellence in a number of critical areas including safety, quality, customer service and product development. This
also means incorporating even more “lean” approaches into our operating and administrative processes.
We will increase our capital budgets in 2011, funding efforts to continue to grow our business in attractive industrial markets,
like wind energy in Asia, and to achieve additional improvements in operating performance, including further investments in our Steel Business.
With Thanks to the Team
At the heart of our business transformation is a generation of performance-minded leaders who shepherded Timken adeptly through this period. These men and women demonstrated remarkable resolve during a time of
 significant change
and successfully
navigated
through an
unprecedented
global recession.
Supporting them
is a globally diverse
team of 20,000 people, all working toward a common purpose. We thank
all of them for their dedication, talent and energy in propelling the company to such significant levels of achievement.
Finally, we are grateful to our customers and shareholders. We will continue to honor your confidence, staying the course of our strategy to sustain a trend of improvement.
We are at the inflection point, fueling a century-old market leader with ideas and energy that will provide value for the next 100 years. Timken is emerging with the rigor and the resources to soar.
We are at the inflection point, fueling a century- old market leader with ideas and energy that will provide value for the next 100 years.
   Ward J. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2011
 7
