to our shareholders
  Amidst a U.S. and global economic slowdown in the second half of the year, The Timken Company made good progress in 2000. In the first year of our second century, we moved ahead on several fronts in transforming the company. Organizationally, by creating eight new global businesses, we are better able to draw on global capacity, talent and resources. Our market reach is broader, resulting in greater ability to work more closely with customers. The pace of
innovation at Timken is quickening, and the range of products and services is widening well beyond tapered roller bearings and alloy steels. It is exciting to see the enthusiasm of our associates as they work on myriad possibilities for sales and earnings growth in the years ahead.
During 2000, we had to combat the effects of higher interest rates and tightening credit conditions, higher energy prices, the overvalued dollar and slumping consumer demand. They com- bined to weaken the economy, particularly in 2000’s second half. U.S. manufacturers reacted more quickly to cut inventory than ever before. As of January 2001, most economists concede that U.S. manufacturing is in a recession.
The weak Euro – down at times as much as 30 percent against the dollar – and other devalued currencies hit hard. It made the products that we – and our customers – ship from the U.S. and UK to Continental Europe far less affordable. And, of course, imports into the U.S. became markedly cheaper. Imports especially hammered our Timken Latrobe Steel operation, which sold more steel but had narrower margins due to lower prices.
Still, the company’s earnings in 2000, exclusive of special charges, topped those of 1999 by
19 percent – due largely to our restructuring in which we rationalized operations, used new technology and drove down costs. Our bearing businesses reflected this restructuring. Despite slowing sales in the second half, they had increased operating profit, reflecting significant improvements in operating efficiency. In our steel business, energy cost increases, pricing pressures, inventory reductions and shifting product mix negatively affected operating profit, despite productivity improvements. The
steel business improved its penetration in targeted markets, and its performance was strong compared to the overall North American steel industry.
Our company’s sales in 2000 totaled $2.6 billion, up about 6 percent from 1999. Earnings before restructuring and reorganization charges totaled $74.6 million, up from $62.6 million in 1999.
At the end of 2000, debt stood at $515 million, compared to $450 million a year earlier. We used the increased borrowing to fund growth initiatives, repurchase 1.35 million shares and increase working capital. We further reduced capital spending in 2000 after a 33 percent reduction in 1999. Our balance sheet remains healthy as we are committed to a strong capital structure. Reflecting the company’s growth potential, a new repurchase plan authorizes the company to buy up to four
 transformation
2

  million shares through 2006. We believe working capital utilization can be further improved in 2001. Research findings tell us that few brands are better recognized or respected throughout the world than Timken. Customers and other constituents firmly link the Timken brand with superior
quality, innovation and integrity. As a result, we are a preferred partner of the world’s manufacturers. In 2000, several developments further differentiated and strengthened our brand.
Timken Polska is a prime example. Acquired in 1996, it continues to achieve successes. Demand for products made there is growing. As a result, we are using 100 percent of current capacity – up from 33 percent at the time of acquisition. Timken Polska now is producing 16.5 million bearing components yearly and, with innovation and productivity improvements, we see that figure growing significantly. Simultaneously, product quality is increasing further. As a result, Polska now is shipping bearings that carry the Timken brand.
Speeding Up Technology Transfer
Timken Romania is not far behind. Acquired
in 1997, that operation also has significantly upgraded product quality. It, too, is now shipping Timken- branded bearings, both tapered and cylindrical. Sales rose 50 percent from 1999 to 2000, and we expect similar growth in 2001.
Inch-based and metric bearings share the world bearing market. Historically, Timken specialized principally in the former. Just a little more than two years ago, we introduced Timken® IsoClassTM, a line of metric bearings designed to serve customers mainly outside North America. Customer accept- ance of the new line is straining capacity to produce it.
In China, we bought our partner’s interest in Yantai Timken, a joint venture formed in 1996 to give us a bridgehead in a market with great potential. Now, by owning 100 percent, we will be speeding up technology transfer, further improving product
quality and productivity, and strengthening the Timken
brand. We have reduced employment there from
1,360 to 950 and simultaneously increased output.
The operation already has orders for shipping
product to western hemisphere nations for
certain applications, including truck trailers.
All three of those acquisitions – in Poland, Romania and China – significantly improved their financial results in 2000.
W.R. Timken, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer (center); James W. Griffith, president and chief operating officer (left); and Bill J. Bowling, executive vice president and chief operating officer and president – steel.
     3

Precision Steel Components continues its growth path. Sales now are approaching $175 million, with more growth expected. This business is expanding from bearing and automotive into industrial applications, including construction equipment. Penetration into those markets currently is small,
 In 2001, W.R. Timken, Jr. (left) is chairing the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM). Here he confers with Jerry Jasinowski, NAM president, on the association's pro-growth agenda.
but potential is big.
The core of our transformation is a greater shift
toward customer centricity. What does that mean? Instead of selling what we have, we create what customers want. That requires innovative thinking, which can be seen in the number of growth programs in our global Industrial business. In the space of a year, they have grown from 13 to 57. And they range beyond bearings and steel to include biomechanics (replacement human joints), engineered surfaces (sophisticated friction- reducing coatings) and gearboxes for windmill farms that must perform reliably high in the air for 20 years. Overall,
we see Industrial non-traditional products and services growing faster than traditional offerings.
We also are transforming the company’s bearing products into higher value automotive offerings. For
example, we continue to advance our state-of-the-art sensorized bearings into more complex modules that add value for customers by reducing weight and improving braking performance. We are approved on a number of new automotive platforms to commence production this year.
A key to growth is our continuing commitment to research and development. Indeed, we are expanding research capability to provide a broader range of innovative solutions for customers. In
the U.S. in 2001, we are enlarging our main research center. In India, in just the last two years, our technology center team has grown from a dozen to 40 members and is expected to double again this year. Worldwide, our research team is working more closely with our eight global businesses. Part of that trend involves co-locating customer engineers with the research team. And Internet technology is linking more tightly our research network, which has facilities in the U.S., Asia and Europe. Local proximity enables us to work more closely and quickly with Timken customers.
E-business holds vast potential for our company and customers, and you can learn more about that on page 11. We believe we are a leader in the application of information technology to improve performance.
With competitive global pressures mounting and customer needs evolving, we are becoming
a leaner organization, more nimble and adaptive. You can see this as we accelerate rationalizing operations – and are more creative in doing so. One example: we have teamed with competitor SKF
   4

 in Brazil to machine components for tapered roller bearings. This joint venture will make greater use of available capacity and save money for both companies.
In Europe, we have taken significant actions to improve performance. They include reducing costs, improving productivity and shifting more production to central Europe. Key to this is converting our UK bearing manufacturing operation to specialist production. Our focus there is serving the automotive market, especially advanced package bearings for trucks. We are shifting other production to facilities with their own specialties. This will reduce UK employment significantly as we respond to the strong pound sterling.
At Timken Desford Steel in the UK, acquired in 1998, an accelerated continuous improvement initiative has eliminated one-third of salaried positions, while achieving annual productivity savings of $10 million and increasing capacity by 30 percent. Half of Timken Desford’s output is exported to Continental Europe. Even with the strong pound having to contend with the weak Euro, Timken Desford is turning the corner to profitability.
The National Association of Manufacturers, which W.R. Timken, Jr., is chairing this year, has growth-oriented monetary and fiscal policy at the core of its pro-growth agenda. During the second half of 2000, the world economy slowed considerably. But a prolonged downturn needn’t be inevitable. In the U.S., we can ward off a hard economic landing. It requires making the right choices. One would be for the Federal Reserve to continue reducing interest rates swiftly and significantly. Another would be for governments to lower taxes. Both choices would buoy consumer and
business confidence, lift stock markets and spark renewed eco-
nomic growth later in the year. In 1970, foreign trade comprised
10 percent of the U.S. economy. Today the figure is 25 percent. What happens to the world economy is correspondingly more important in the U.S., so it is important for other nations to stimu- late their economies. Expanded exports would help U.S. economic growth. Simultaneously, imports must meet the legal and moral tests of fair trade.
Year One of our company’s transformation has seen good progress. When comparing our overall financial and competitive position with that of 12 months ago, we see added strength in our base businesses and aggressive expansion opportunities in non-traditional areas. Although we start 2001 with weak economic conditions, we expect demand to improve later in the year as the economy improves.
We want to tell our shareholders they have 20,500 very capable, very committed associates working harder than ever to improve The Timken Company. We, on behalf of our shareholders, wish to thank these same Timken associates for their great efforts. We are convinced that a transformed Timken Company is on track for a strong and growing second century.
W. R. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith Bill J. Bowling February 1, 2001
  Making the Right Choice
s
      5
   