To Our Shareholders
At Timken, we are focused on delivering improved financial performance to
our shareholders. In 2005, strong industrial markets accelerated the progress
we have made over the past few years toward this objective. Our vision,
creating customer value through our technical leadership in friction management
and power transmission, continues to open new opportunities to grow profitably.
As we pursue this vision, we also are becoming a more competitive manufacturer
and are gaining ground in emerging markets around the world. Our vision
is taking us into areas where we can leverage our strengths to increase
shareholder value.
In 2005, we achieved strong results on many fronts.
• Sales rose to a record $5.2 billion, up 15% from last year and double our sales
five years ago.
• Earnings per diluted share were $2.81, nearly double last year.
• Free cash flow, defined as net cash from operations after capital expenditures,
was $93 million.
• We strengthened our balance sheet, reducing net debt to $656 million or 30.5%
of total capital, compared with 36.5% the prior year.
These achievements combined to deliver to our shareholders a 26% return on
their investment in 2005 including reinvested dividends, surpassing the S&P 500
which ended the year at 5%. Timken has generated an average annual return to
shareholders of more than 19% over the last five years.
CLIMBING TO NEW HEIGHTS
In 2005, we experienced strong demand across a broad range of market
segments. These strong markets allowed us to leverage higher sales to deliver
improved performance, and they also reinforced the value of our vision.
In our steel business, record shipments, especially to industrial markets, and
improved pricing led to record results. Our industrial business delivered strong
performance as it leveraged demand in robust segments such as mining, metals,
rail, aerospace and oil and gas and introduced more new products and services
globally. Our automotive business profitability was suppressed by the continued
weakness in the North American light vehicle market. Within this challenging
environment, we are continuing to restructure our company to be more
competitive and to focus on product and market segments where we can achieve
higher levels of performance.
We remain confident about the continued strength of industrial markets in
2006 based on orders,
favorable growth drivers in our end markets and ongoing
development in Asia. We have taken steps this year to improve customer service
in this demanding environment. We increased production capacity in 2005, and we
plan additional investments for 2006 to serve target markets, especially in Asia
and in industrial applications.
We expect to see improved performance throughout industry cycles. Our focus
on improving costs and productivity while adjusting our geographic and
customer mix to changing opportunities should drive profitable growth.
WHERE VISION TAKES US
The foundation for our strong results is a strategic vision rooted in the very
origins of this 107-year-old company. Our founder Henry Timken did more than
invent the tapered roller bearing. He created customer value by solving a critical
technical issue: reducing friction in order to improve productivity. We continue this
vision today – creating customer value by solving critical technical problems in the
areas of friction management and power transmission. In doing so, we leverage the
strengths built over our long history to tackle new challenges. Our vision is guiding
us on new path
ways to gro
wth. It prepares us to take advantage of
favorable market conditions and explore the boundless opportunities that lie ahead.
We are carefully managing and investing in our business to deliver more value
and innovation to more customers in more parts of the world. Our investments –
whether in businesses, facilities or products – are heading in directions where we
believe we can grow profitably. Similarly, areas that cannot meet our expectations
financially or strategically are addressed aggressively through restructure, exit
or divestiture. In 2005:
• We completed a strategic acquisition and created alliances, expanding
our capabilities. We gained new ground in the aerospace industry through
the acquisition of Bearing Inspection, Inc. and an alliance with Rolls-Royce
Corporation to expand aftermarket services for the helicopter market. For this
market, we also developed our first helicopter gearbox.
• We approached more customers in more ways by opening up new territory in
our distribution network and adding more aftermarket opportunities. In North
America, we launched a line of Timken
®
industrial seals, available exclusively
through authorized distributors and select original equipment manufacturers.
In China, our logistics center in Shanghai is now fully operational, bringing us
closer to our customers in that fast-growing market.
We added a senior leadership team in China to guide our growth within the
region. With sales up fourfold in China over the last three years, we bolstered
our infrastructure for sales, engineering, manufacturing, administration and
customer support.
• We began the process of rationalizing our industrial bearing manufacturing
facilities in Canton, Ohio, and launched a restructuring of our automotive
engineering and manufacturing capabilities. The combination of these two
efforts should improve our ability to meet the needs of customers in those
markets and improve our profitability.
• We divested two non-strategic businesses: Linear Motion Systems and NRB
Bearings.
To support our growing company, we are investing in the necessary
infrastructure, and in 2005, we launched Project ONE, a multiyear corporate
initiative to improve our capabilities, processes and information systems. Our
expected investment of $90 million over five years in Project ONE will establish
a foundation for further growth. It is intended to enable us to serve customers
better while reducing costs, improving working capital management and
increasing efficiency.
In 2005, our associates achieved record results in both productivity and safety
performance. Over the past five years, productivity has improved 8.7% per year on
average, measured by sales per associate. Lost-time accidents were reduced 25%
to an all-time low. Thirteen facilities operated the entire year without a lost-time
accident.
We thank our associates for their long hours and commitment in this busy year.
And we appreciate the continued business of our customers as we look for ways
to be more responsive to their needs.
STEPPING INTO THE FUTURE
W.R. Timken, Jr., stepped down as chairman in 2005, a post he held for 30
years. His retirement coincided with his Senate confirmation as U.S. ambassador
to Germany. Under his direction, Timken grew to become a worldwide leader in its
chosen markets. He leaves a lasting legacy with this company.
With Ambassador Timken’s departure, the board of directors
elected Ward J. “Tim” Timken, Jr., as our fifth chairman in 100
years. Tim’s move from his prior position as vice chairman and
president of the steel business resulted in other management
changes. Sal Miraglia was named president of the Steel Group,
succeeding Tim in his previous role and bringing a unique
perspective that melds manufacturing and technology. Al Deane
joined the company as senior vice president – technology,
succeeding Sal and bringing a new focus to product develop-
ment and delivery.
BOUNDLESS OPPORTUNITIES
At Timken, we hope never to be satisfied. We’re proud of the
results we achieved in 2005, and we recognize the even greater
potential that exists by following through on our vision, strategy
and business plans.
We consider performance improvement to be a never-ending
journey. Every time we reach a peak, it gives us a better view of
the next mountain to climb. From each panorama we get a
clearer perspective on opportunities that could be within our
grasp if we think beyond traditional borders. Our challenge is to
climb the next mountain and the next, without losing sight of
what has made us who we are today.
This is where vision takes us. Beyond boundaries. Past
today’s technological marvels. Toward next-generation solutions
for customers. To value delivered – today, tomorrow and well into
the future.
Ward J. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
