 To Our Shareholders
  2
James W. Griffith, president and chief executive officer (left), and Ward J. Timken, Jr., chairman.
The future of The Timken Company builds upon our strong reputation, supported by our ability to deliver consistent value and focused upon our clear vision for what lies ahead.
In every way, 2013 marked a momentous year for our company. As we detail the year’s accomplishments and our strategic decisions, we do so with confidence in our ability to deliver sustained results for Timken shareholders and customers around the world.

 Performance Reflects Sustained Strength
In the years to come, when historians describe The Timken Company’s second century of successful operations, 2013 will be characterized as among our most strategically significant. Throughout the year, we
In 2013, through dividend and stock buybacks, we returned a total of $277 million of capital to our shareholders.
Our financial strength also allowed us to make discretionary contributions to our pension plans and
worked hard to remain exceptional stewards of the value we bring to our stakeholders.
Operationally, we demonstrated excellence in many areas of our enterprise in 2013.
we closed 2013 with our pension plans essentially fully funded.
Operationally, we demonstrated excellence in many areas of
our enterprise in 2013. Our associates found new ways
to both drive efficiency and
  Financially, 2013
performance stands as
noteworthy considering the
lingering weak demand in our broad end markets. Conditions continued to challenge industrial economies and undermine our aspirations for growth globally, yet despite weakened
demand, we performed well
while operating our plants at low
utilization levels.
minimize risk. A continuously 3 improving safety culture across our global operations
is a vibrant example of this effort. Over the past
 10 years, we’ve
posted a 96 percent reduction in lost-time injuries and days lost.
In 2013 alone, we eliminated more than 224 ergonomic risks and our popular Ergo Cup competition generated 56 entries from around the world. Every day, we see Timken people apply their exceptional talents to deliver results to all stakeholders. Our people remain our most important asset and we value their safety more than anything.
 In December, the Timken board of directors declared the company’s 366th consecutive quarterly
cash dividend, demonstrating consistency of returns that
stands as a distinguished accomplishment among New York Stock Exchange members.
Teams across Timken made us all safer in 2013, identifying and addressing 224 ergonomic risks.

 A 3,300-ton in-line forge press is among several investments brought on line in the Steel segment in 2013.
We pushed ourselves in the area of productivity and efficiency as well. We upgraded our SAP® system with virtually no downtime, and our major global systems – including web, email and telephone – experienced uptime of 99.97 percent, enviable for
any manufacturer. We maintained industry-leading customer service and delivery with improved labor performance across our operations. Our steel business completed successful and seamless start-ups of four major strategic projects. We also eliminated nearly 600,000 material “touches” in steel finishing
and pushed our melt utilization breakeven point to industry-leading levels.
At the same time, we continued to pursue
4 strategic growth initiatives, expanding our existing
product lines as well as investing in new adjacent products and services. Through acquisitions, we expanded our product portfolio to include automated lubrication systems with Interlube Systems Ltd.; we extended our industrial services capabilities
to include electric motor rewind services and uptower wind generator maintenance; and we improved our geographic coverage with the additions of Wazee Companies, Standard Machine and Smith Services.
We’re proud of these achievements, which follow record-setting financial performances in 2011 and 2012, and provide proof of our diligence in improving our structure and earnings ability.
New Capabilities Drive Our Future
Last spring, we completed capital projects totaling $85 million in our steel business. These include a 3,300-ton forge press at the Faircrest Steel Plant in Canton, Ohio, automating the production of seamless mechanical tubing with the intermediate finishing line and extending our value-add capabilities with
a second induction thermal treatment line at the Gambrinus Steel Plant, also in Canton. In early fall, our second ladle refining station came online – a nearly $25 million investment. These, along with the large bloom continuous caster expected to be online in the second half of 2014, will continue to improve both our efficiency and increase the differentiation of our high-performance Timken® steel products.
Work also continues on our North Canton
bearings headquarters. When complete in 2014,
the fully expanded and renovated campus will
house 1,200 associates across multiple disciplines. We’ve designed it to dynamically showcase our many products and services and serve as a global hub to host our customers.
We maintained collaborative relationships in both industrial and academic settings with renowned specialists in our core disciplines of metallurgy, friction management and mechanical power transmission. In June, we celebrated one of these initiatives, unveiling the Technology and Test Center built together
with Stark State College. The $14 million center,
   In late 2013, associates began moving into a new 160,000-square-foot addition to the company’s technology center in North Canton, Ohio. This $65 million investment effectively doubles the size of the campus and is slated to become headquarters for The Timken Company.

considered the first of its kind in the Americas, tests ultra- large bearing systems and simulates harsh operating conditions similar to those found in large multi-megawatt
 The new Technology and Test Center is the first of its kind in the Americas.
wind turbines. Testing capabilities are flexible enough to focus beyond wind turbine applications to include other large rotating equipment
used in a multitude of industries important to Timken. Among these are offshore oil rigs, mine trucks, electric
shovels in mining, steel rolling mills, cement vertical mills and hydraulic roll presses.
A Monumental Decision
The same type of responsible management that led
to our 2013 operational performance and our strategic capital improvements also led to a historic moment
for the company: the decision last fall to pursue separating our steel business from The Timken Company later
in 2014.
At our annual meeting last May, a proposal to separate
our steel business into an independent company received 53 percent of the votes cast. In response to the shareholder vote, the board subsequently established a strategy committee composed of independent directors. With
the help of strategic and financial advisors, the strategy committee carefully reviewed the financial and operational implications of separating the company’s businesses,
along with potential changes to the company’s corporate governance and capital allocation strategy.
In September, Richard G. Kyle was named chief operating officer of bearings and power transmission; he was elected a director in December.
Mr. Kyle joined Timken in
2006 with extensive industrial experience and has subsequently
held executive positions with the company
that include vice president of manufacturing, president of Aerospace and Mobile Industries, and most recently, group president, responsible for both Steel and Aerospace. In conjunction with the separation of the steel business and James W. Griffith’s retirement from The Timken Company, the board expects Mr. Kyle to succeed Mr. Griffith as president and chief executive officer of The Timken Company.
The board also announced that it intends to name Ward J. “Tim” Timken, Jr., as chairman and chief executive officer of the to-be-launched TimkenSteel Corporation, which is expected to trade on the NYSE under the “TMST” symbol. John M. Timken is expected to be named non-executive chair of The Timken Company.
Ward J. “Jack” Timken intends to retire,
in 2014, per normal course, from the Timken board of directors after a long and
distinguished career with
the company. We thank him
for his tenured dedication, broad knowledge and valuable insights brought to the
board and The Timken Company throughout his 43 years
of board service.
5
   “Preparing for two strong companies tests the depth of a succession plan. One of the reasons the board of directors feels confident in the spinoff of the steel business at this time is the readiness of future leaders to step up in 2014. The board unanimously supports these leaders and I am confident they will continue to build momentum to maximize value for investors, customers and employees of both companies.”
– Joseph W. Ralston, Lead Director
   
   Together,
we’ve explored what separation means to The Timken Company, our shareholders, customers, suppliers, community stakeholders and worldwide associates.
After a thorough
review of these findings, we announced on September 5, 2013, that the Timken board of directors approved a plan to pursue a tax-free spinoff of the steel business from The Timken Company,
to build on our core businesses and to capitalize on the momentum created by the initiative. We remain confident that both The Timken Company and the soon-to-be-launched TimkenSteel Corporation can sustain their industry-leading performance.
Building Momentum
The events of 2013 tested our ability to re-examine, re-think and re-imagine the future of The Timken Company. But those deliberations were quickly
put well behind us, and we are building two strong companies as we move forward into a new era. Both will be laser-focused on growth in their core markets and optimized with individual capital structures
and capital allocation strategies. We expect each company will have improved strategic flexibility to invest in its respective business, to pursue acquisitions and to attract a more focused shareholder base.
To effectively realize the potential of our future structure, we formed the Project Management Organization and, by the end of the third quarter, the group was hard at work identifying hundreds of separation activities against an aggressive timeline.
creating a new independent publicly traded steel company.
We commend and offer our personal thanks to
the board of directors, particularly our lead director Joseph Ralston, who chaired the strategy committee, and the Timken leadership team for embracing this challenging decision with integrity, thoughtfulness and unwavering dedication. Together, we’ve explored what separation means to The Timken
6 Company, our shareholders, customers, suppliers, community stakeholders and worldwide associates.
We remain committed to preserving many of the benefits shared by the businesses as we establish the new business relationship between the two companies. With significant earnings power and potential, we see this as the appropriate “next step”
  James W. Griffith
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Our Profound Thanks
James W. Griffith announced in September he will retire from The Timken Company in 2014, coinciding with the separation of the steel business. He has served The Timken Company since 1984, holding a wide range of positions – from plant manager to vice president of manufacturing in North America and later as managing director of the company’s business in Australia and then vice president of automotive.
In 1999, he was elected president, chief operating officer and director and was named chief executive officer in 2002.
 
Because of their efforts and quick start, we successfully met our milestone for filing a preliminary information statement early in the year with the Securities and Exchange Commission and fully expect to meet our subsequent target of a mid-year separation.
Value-Driven
We are moving forward to secure new futures for both companies, each with very capable leaders and exceptionally talented teams. As we complete the process, our values remain unchanged.
We expect to continue to positively support and help shape the communities where we work and play. Timken associates and our charitable fund give back to a myriad of causes through organized programs and personal gifts of time, talent and resources.
FPO
“Tim” Timken presents graduating senior Austin Eckhardt
with a $50,000 renewable college scholarship funded by Timken Charitable and Educational Fund, Inc. Looking on are parents Kerry, global business readiness leader, and her husband, Ed.
This past year, The Timken Company Charitable and Educational Fund, Inc. awarded scholarships to
38 children of Timken employees from 24 locations to help them attend the universities of their choice. Since its founding in 1958, this educational program has awarded more than $20 million in scholarships. This fall, we also completed another highly successful series of United Way drives and, across our plant communities around the world, our corporate giving efforts supported more than 400 organizations in addressing basic needs, education and economic development.
At our core, we are values-driven, and we celebrate and thank our employees worldwide for their dedication to living by them.
To our shareholders and customers, we appreciate your continued investment and confidence as we prepare bright futures for both our bearings and steel organizations. We enter 2014 with determination and energy, entirely focused on growing and creating shareholder value through two great companies.
7
    Ward J. Timken, Jr.
Chairman February 28, 2014
James W. Griffith
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 Under his vision and leadership, associates of The Timken Company successfully engineered a decade-long transformation, further positioning the company for accelerated growth and profitability. In his own words,
“we are committed to performance, offering the right products, focused on the right markets, in places around the world that are growing the fastest.” His passion and leadership throughout the transformation led the company
to double its revenue over the course of the decade and achieve record earnings in 2011 and 2012.
Jim Griffith leaves a legacy of thoughtful, effective leadership through his enduring commitment to The Timken Company, its shareholders, customers and employees.
- Ward J. Timken, Jr.
