 To Our Shareholders
In 2002, our three-year-old transformation delivered for The Timken Company, and the company delivered for shareholders and customers. That delivery included both improved financial results for
the year and a stronger foundation for future success.
Evidence continues to support the conclusion that we were wise to launch the transformation in late 1999 – just as the long manufacturing recession was setting in but before it exacted its worst tolls. The transformation has been aggressive and its purpose clear: make our company more profitable and better able to grow, by making it more global, more innovative and more
customer-centric – and reducing its asset intensity.
In late 2002 and early 2003, we took another large step toward profitable growth with the $840 million acquisition of The Torrington Company. The deal, which closed on February 18,
2003 increases company sales by nearly
50%, outstanding shares by about 35%, and is expected to increase 2003 earnings per share by at least 10%. In the years ahead, we expect even greater benefits. We financed the $700 million cash component of the acquisition principally through a public offering of 12.65 million Timken common shares and an offering of $250 million seven-year senior unsecured notes. In addition, we issued 9.4 million Timken common shares valued at $140 million to Ingersoll-Rand. (You can learn
more about the acquisition beginning on page 6.)
During 2002, amid sluggish markets, the company achieved impressive earnings improvement. Net income was $53.3 million or $.87 per diluted share, excluding restruc- turing and reorganization charges. That was up from $.01 in 2001. Including those special charges, net income was $38.7 million. The result for investors? Our share price increase reflected a strong recovery from 2001 and, combined with the 52-cent dividend, resulted in a return for shareholders of 21.4% – well above the S&P 500 whose shares averaged a loss of 22.1%. Among investors, The Timken Company has a well-known
philosophy of paying dividends and providing shareholders with a return on which they can rely, regardless of the ups and downs of economic and business cyclicality. In
February of 2003, we paid our 323rd consecutive quarterly dividend.
Historically, a major Timken Company strength has been the strategy of maintaining a solid balance sheet. It reflects our base philosophy – manage successfully for the long term, leverage our core knowledge by investing in related businesses that we know and can grow with superior quality products and services, and generate good returns
for shareholders.
You could see that philosophy at work in 2002. Cash flow from determined, aggressive cost control actions enabled us to bring down net debt to $379 million at year-end 2002 versus $464 million a year earlier. This was no easy task, given the economic and market softness that presented major challenges throughout the year. Our emphasis on cost controls lowered our
ratio of selling and administrative expenses to sales to 13.7% from 14.7% in 2001.
We also kept tight reins on capital spending, keeping it aligned with the wobbling economy and about 10% lower than 2001’s $102 million level. Importantly, combined with strong gains in produc- tivity, that still enabled us to continue making the kind of investments that successfully support our growth-oriented transformation strategy. Examples include investing in our automotive plants to
Transformation Delivers
2

 support the introduction of new products for new automotive platforms, acquiring Glunt Industries to strengthen our growing service business, and initiating a joint venture facility in China that will provide a more competitive source for certain standard bearing products.
Our continuing emphasis on cash generation and increasing sales produced $206 million in net cash flow from operations. A major contributor to cash flow – and for that matter the entire company’s financial performance – was our alloy steel business. It continues to do what few other domestic steel compa- nies have been able to accomplish: remain consistently profitable. The investments made in our steel business over the last 15 years are now providing a strong competitive advantage. That translates into an ability to advance technology, increase productivity to bring additional value to customers and shareholders – and increase market penetration. Our precision steel components business, begun eight years ago from our base alloy steel business, also had a strong year, continuing its international expansion, including new operations in Brazil.
Three years ago, when we announced the transformation with its ambitious growth goals, we also set equally aggressive and clear cost reduction goals. A watershed was formulating and launching a new manufacturing strategy in April 2001. Its intent was to create a global network of focused factories, improve productivity, increase the range and effectiveness of services provided to customers, and reduce costs by $80 million annually by the end of 2002. We hit that savings target and achieved our productivity and customer service goals. In doing so, we established a solid foundation for continuing to compete more successfully in all market conditions. As previously announced, we expect to reduce costs by an additional $40 million by the end of 2004.
Punctuating this manufacturing strategy in 2002 was closing our bearing plant in Duston, England and selling our tooling plant
in Ashland, Ohio. Both actions lowered asset intensity. In
the case of Duston, the closure eliminated a facility
that no longer could compete globally, especially with the added pressures of currency exchange rates. Selling the Ashland facility removed from the company a non-core business and generated funds to invest elsewhere.
CoLinx, an e-business alliance formed three
years ago with three other manufacturing companies to improve service to distributors in
North America, served as still another example of lowering asset intensity and simultaneously improving customer service. In 2002, we sold assets from two of our North American regional service centers to CoLinx Logistics.
Throughout 2002, the 18,000 Timken associates delivered on all
counts, and we commend them. A prime example is sales. Persistently soft
industrial markets notwithstanding, sales in 2002 were $2.55 billion, up 4% from 2001. Keys were:
• bolstering our ability to serve a strong automotive market with value-adding products, including new integrated wheel hub units and fuel efficient bearings.
• adding market share at the expense of competitors, and
• offering expanded services, ranging from maintenance of heavy industrial mill equipment to increased e-business opportunities for customers and distributors.
Timken invested $53 million in 2002 for research and development. Chairman W.R. Timken, Jr. and Gina Elkins, principal research engineer, are at one of the company's wheel bearing performance testing machines in Canton, Ohio. This testing capability
is instrumental in devel- oping value-adding,
integrated bearing assemblies.
  3

   Having tech-
nology centers
located around the world allows Timken
to work in strategic partnership with cus- tomers. James Griffith (center), president and chief executive officer, with Jens Goldenbohm, manager-product development, and Luc Houpert, scientist and manager-fundamentals and performance monitoring, are at the company's new technology center in Colmar, France.
Another transformation priority is increasing innovation for customers in ways that bring them extra value. 2002 was a banner year in that respect as well. The company introduced:
• Products that enhance brake performance and fuel economy on the Ford Expedition sport utility vehicle.
• Package bearings that enhance maneuverability and brake performance on the Dodge Ram pickup.
• Fuel efficient bearings for drivelines on the Mercedes-Benz E-Class sedan.
• A variety of new products beyond bearings, including single-point lubricators that ensure proper and regular grease delivery into machinery, improving maintenance and reducing costs.
(You can learn more about these and other innovations beginning on page 8.)
Underlying those innovations is our ongoing commitment to advancing technology. Once again, we invested heavily in R&D. That included dedicating our new technology center in Colmar, France and preparing to move our technology center in Bangalore, India to a new and larger facility. Colmar provides access to major European design centers. Bangalore has become a major technology development center for many leading companies which are attracted by its large number of graduate engineers and low cost structure – and in a nation which offers the promise of significant economic growth. Together, the new centers join our existing facilities in supporting the transformation priorities of becoming a more global company
and better serving customers everywhere.
Our 2002 success was all the more impressive when keeping in mind that many key associates successfully performed a demanding dual role: continuing to drive business performance while simultaneously planning for our acquisition of Torrington. The acquisition, the company’s largest-ever, brings two great and respected names into a single enterprise with a broader range of innovative and complementary product lines. Combined, we offer a greater variety of custom engineered solutions for more customers in more locations. Moreover, we bought a company in an industry that we know
intimately, and this bodes well for a quick, effective integration.
Over the years, along with advancing technology and serving customers in a superior fashion, another major foundation stone for success has always been our company’s core values. In a year marked by many companies experiencing accounting irregularities, conflicts of interest and questionable business judgments, it was comforting to know that Timken associates worldwide continued to observe and work by our company’s core values. Chief among them requires working to the highest level of ethics and integrity. Timken associates have done so for more than 100 years – and will keep doing so as we pursue growth aggressively. This core value has its roots in the words of founder Henry Timken who once said, "Above all, don’t set your name to anything you will ever have cause to be ashamed of." This strongly grounded commitment was reflected in President Bush’s nomination of Chairman W.R. "Tim" Timken, Jr. to chair the board of directors of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Congress created the SIPC to provide protection for investors against losses that result from broker-dealer failures and to promote investor confidence in the nation’s
securities markets. He will continue full-time service as the company’s chairman.
Is our transformation complete? Our associates are skillfully executing the new manufacturing stra- tegy. They are successfully reducing costs and improving customer service. Certainly, the Torrington
4

  acquisition stands to make Timken more global by enabling us to provide a broader range of products and services to more customers in more locations. But the transformation is far from over. We still have opportunities to speed the pace of innovation, become even more customer- centric and further lower cost and asset intensity. Our associates will continue driving to fully seize those opportunities.
Meanwhile, other matters also have required our close attention. Two years ago, Congress passed the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act that required that tariffs collected on unfairly priced imports be directed to the industries harmed, but only when dumping continues after an anti-dumping order is issued. Enforcement of this trade law in 2002 resulted in Timken receiving a $54 million payment – which we will use for more investment to remain competitive.
Lower stock market returns and lower interest rates
reduced asset values and presented a challenge for pension
funding. The company contributed about $106 million to
the fund, about $54 million of it with three million Timken
common shares. Heading into 2003, we have built into our
business plan the ability to handle the need for any additional
contributions to our pension plans. Our confidence grows from our determination to generate strong cash flow and to maintain a strong balance sheet.
Last year, we continued our carefully planned senior management succession. Jim Griffith, who had been serving as president and COO, was elected president and CEO. Since being named president more than three years ago, Jim has driven our successful transformation and developed an outstanding management team. Ward J. Timken, Jr., corporate vice president – office of the chairman, was elected to our board. He is spearheading the integration of Torrington. Clay LaForce retired from our board on which he had been serving since 1994. We deeply appreciate his many contributions. We have nominated to join our board General Joseph Ralston, USAF, Retired. He will stand for election at the April 15 board meeting.
As 2003 dawned, the U.S. and global economies continued to be surrounded by a ring of question marks. Uncertainties included the level and pace of economic recov- ery, currency exchange rates, enforcement of trade laws and possible military actions. Nonetheless, our company’s 2002 performance gives us great confidence that our transformation has put us on the track for sustained success. Our acquisition of Torrington presents us with even more opportunities to achieve greater profitability.
W.R. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith Bill J. Bowling
Technological advance- ments in our steel-making operations deliver strong bottom-line results, even in difficult economic periods. Bill Bowling (left), executive vice president, chief operating officer and president – steel, is in the chemistry lab at the company's Harrison
Steel Plant in Ohio with Chemists Doug Gapen and Tammy Ondrejko. Robotics and advanced testing systems in the lab contribute to the efficiency of our steel operations.
      5
