To Our Shareholders
In 2009, the deep economic recession represented a
time of signifi cant challenge, fraught with obstacles.
As it unfolded and threatened the global economy, it
put to test both personal grit and enterprise resilience.
In rising to meet the challenge, The Timken Company
revealed the enduring traits and strength that have led
to our success for more than 110 years. Furthermore,
the value of the transformational changes we’ve made
across Timken in recent years was never more evident
than in the way we successfully managed through this
diffi cult economic environment.
Even as we greeted the year, we were anticipating
a deep downturn. The fall-off in market demand
manifested itself in the fi rst quarter as we saw our
sales drop by more than 30 percent compared with the
year-earlier period. We moved quickly and aggressively,
resizing the company to adapt to the circumstances
and protecting our fi nancial viability. At the same time,
we continued to drive our strategy of transforming
the company to become more profi table and more
diversifi ed. As a result, and despite dramatically
reduced sales and profi tability, we concluded 2009
with the company situated better than ever to leverage
its position in attractive industrial markets and benefi t
from the economic recovery.
The Year In Review
The global recession ravaged the capital goods market
sectors, which comprise the majority of customers for
Timken’s products and services. Among the hardest
hit end markets for our products were heavy trucks and
light vehicles, mining, construction, and oil and gas.
The magnitude of the deterioration can be illustrated
with just a few examples. Compared to the previous
year, the heavy-truck market plummeted more than
40 percent, while mining was off 36 percent. Light
vehicle production in North America fell 54 percent
compared to 2008. Overall, shipments to steel
customers were only half of what they were in 2008,
as industry demand for special-bar-quality steel fell by
more than 50 percent. The oil and gas industry is a
major consumer of Timken steel; last year, rig counts
in North America declined 42 percent compared to
2008. Inventory destocking by our customers further
exacerbated the slowdown in end-market activity.
Timken’s sales in 2009 dropped to $3.1 billion, down
38 percent from the previous year. We responded
to the deterioration by curtailing production, focusing
on cash fl ow and improving operating effi ciency.
During this time, we remained close to our customers
and maintained penetration in our market sectors.
We incurred a loss of $66 million from continuing
operations. These results refl ect both lower business
volume and special charges for actions we took to
strengthen our future competitiveness. Excluding
these charges, income from continuing operations
was $51 million. More importantly, we achieved
our second consecutive year of record cash flow,
generating $419 million in free cash.
Even as we addressed the more pressing challenges
of 2009, we placed the company on solid footing for
improved performance longer term:
•
We completed the sale of our needle roller
bearings operations to JTEKT Corporation for
approximately $330 million cash, including retained
receivables. This sale further refi nes our business
portfolio, making it a more balanced mix of
industrial businesses with greater opportunities
for profi table growth, and exemplifi es our resolve
to exit business that no longer fi ts our strategic
direction. In fact, in just a few short years, we have
reduced our corporation’s exposure to the light
vehicle market from over 40 percent of sales to
less than 25 percent.
•
We made our balance sheet stronger.
We ended
2009 in a positive net cash position and renewed our
credit facilities. With our investment-grade status,
we secured $600 million in new credit facilities as
well as $250 million in a new bond offering. These
new fi nancings provide ongoing fl exibility for future
investment needs.
•
We continued our investments in select areas
that promise strong, profi table growth in the future.
We also maintained capital support to initiatives
that improve our operational effectiveness, including
Project O.N.E., our global business process
reengineering effort, and the ramp-up of our new
manufacturing capabilities in Asia.
Conviction In Our Strategy
In recent years, we have pursued a strategy to
transform our business with a dual-pronged focus
on value creation. One element of this strategy is
to optimize performance by improving execution and
developing a strong portfolio of businesses that are
able to generate solid returns. The second element is
to grow the Timken brand in specifi c industrial market
sectors and geographies where we can profi t by
offering differentiated products and services as we
target both original-equipment manufacturers and
aftermarket opportunities. The success of this strategy
was demonstrated in 2009 by strong margins in the
Aerospace and Process Industries segments and our
strong cash flow. We remain convinced our strategy
ultimately will improve profi tability over the business
cycle, making us less vulnerable to the cyclicality of
any one market or region. Balancing our portfolio of
businesses to produce consistent earnings growth
remains a primary focus of this strategy.
Project O.N.E. is a good example of how excellence in
execution has driven optimization of our supply chains
and implementation of a leaner operating model.
Supported by new tools provided by Project O.N.E.,
we cut inventories by $356 million in 2009, improving
our cash position. We are now completing the fi nal
phase of our implementation as we deploy the new
processes and systems in our remaining facilities in
Asia and the U.S. This phase is on target for completion
this spring, and we expect to derive continuing
improvements in our operations as a result of these
investments.
Our strategic focus on growing in Asia is also paying
off. Even as the recession wound through world
economies, demand for our products in Asia remained
strong. Economic stimulus spending by China’s
government brought orders for our industrial bearing
products to support infrastructure development – one
of the few growth stories of 2009. This demand was
refl ected both in direct sales in China and indirect
sales to companies supporting projects in this region.
Progress Across Our Business
Our strategy to expand our portfolio of aerospace
products and services, especially transmission
systems, produced additional value in 2009 as demand
in defense markets held strong. The
AEROSPACE
AND DEFENSE
segment produced record results as
it leveraged product demand in the helicopter market
and benefi ted from the successful integration of
acquisitions made over the last two years. A strong
performance in the health and positioning control
unit also contributed to these results. The segment
adopted a new business model for maintenance,
repair and overhaul products and services, which
is reducing costs and delivering increased value to
customers. Continuing to expand product offerings
for powertrain systems, the segment successfully
completed testing in 2009 of our first tapered roller
bearing designed for engine main shaft applications.
Despite a sharp decline in many of its end markets
and inventory destocking by both original-equipment
customers and Timken industrial distributors, the
PROCESS INDUSTRIES
segment also delivered a
strong performance in 2009. Providing wind energy
solutions is a key focus, and we were able to
achieve technical and commercial advancements
that are helping Timken build a signifi cant leadership
position in this emerging industry. Our wind energy
joint venture with Xiangtan Electric Manufacturing
Company is progressing quite well. We expect this
to result in signifi cant opportunities in China as we
answer the demand for advanced bearing technology
in the production of large-scale wind turbines.
Beyond wind energy, the segment continued to win
new business in Asia in 2009. We have established
a strong manufacturing footprint there as part of our
recently completed fi ve-year capital program. These
investments are paying off with new business in
traditional market sectors as well as emerging regional
markets. Several new bearing products for process
industry applications are being launched in 2010,
providing further potential for growth as markets
return to more normal levels.
Our
MOBILE INDUSTRIES
segment showed
signifi cant performance improvement in 2009. This is
largely due to aggressive actions taken over the past
two years to change the complexion of its business
and market mix, restructure operations to lower fi xed
costs, increase pricing across its product line and
improve operational efficiency. For example, the
group’s break-even point was substantially reduced
to enable it to be profi table even in the trough of
the market cycle. The segment improved its market
position in off-highway equipment and rail applications,
made signifi ant strides in the automotive aftermarket
and focused on new growth opportunities in Asia. We
dramatically reduced our exposure to the light-vehicle
sector through the sale of the needle roller bearings
business and through pricing actions that allowed us
to exit unattractive business. These actions generated
large amounts of cash through both the proceeds of
the sale and reductions in working capital. Although
impairment charges associated with exiting this
business significantly reduced our profitability, these
steps were necessary and put the Mobile Industries
segment in a better position to reshape its remaining
business for sustained profitability.
Within our
STEEL
segment, 2009 performance
reflected the collapse in market demand, particularly
in the industrial and oil and gas sectors. Although
it operated at only about 35 percent of its melting
capacity for most of the year, the business segment
maintained fl exibility in its operations to remain
responsive to customer demand. In 2009, the Steel
Group adopted a new operating structure, increasing
its focus on targeted market sectors. This is enabling
the business to further differentiate its engineered
steel solutions in distinct applications for mobile
on-highway, industrial, and oil and gas customers.
Timken’s small bar mill – which produces alloy
steel bars as small as one inch in diameter – had
its first full year of operation in 2009, leading to
new business.
Likewise, we expect our 2009 agreement with
Japan-based Daido Steel to lead to increased market
opportunities in Asia for Timken steel products in
specialty industrial markets.
A More Agile Enterprise
One of the most diffi cult actions of 2009 was
decreasing employment levels to right-size our
company. With structural reductions in our workforce
and lower employment due to the sale of the needle
roller bearings business, we enter 2010 with an
organization streamlined by a 25 percent reduction in
employment. We also took this opportunity to make
new management assignments within our business
segments, technology and corporate centers as we
continued to strengthen our experienced team of
leaders and managers. Although we said goodbye
to friends and colleagues as a result of this painful
process, we emerged from this tumultuous time
as a more agile and focused organization.
In 2009, we also put into practice what we learned
during previous recessions. One of these lessons
was maintaining flexibility within our manufacturing
operations. Unlike many manufacturers who respond
to plummeting capacity requirements by building
inventory and shuttering facilities for extended periods,
we chose to alternate operating schedules in an
effort to respond quickly to changes in demand. We
maintained excellent levels of customer service while
generating unprecedented cash fl ow from inventory
reductions. We substantially changed our break-even
point by increasing our effi ciency and are prepared to
capitalize on market improvement by increasing
output quickly and inexpensively.
We owe a special debt of gratitude to Joseph F. Toot,
Jr., and Robert Mahoney, who both retired from the
company’s board of directors in May 2009 after
many years of dedicated service. In November,
John Ballbach was elected a director, bringing the
board to 12 members. John, who is chairman,
president and CEO of VWR International, a global
laboratory supply and distribution company, brings
a unique perspective to the board, and we look
forward to his contribution.
The progress we’ve made in transforming The Timken
Company has made us stronger and more resilient than
at any other time in our history. One of the enduring
features of that history is the emphasis we place on
our core values: ethics and integrity, quality, innovation
and independence. They create a foundation of trust
between the company and all of our stakeholders.
As we traverse these challenging times, we will
continue to justify your confi dence in us as we
create sustainable value.
Diffi cult times bring out the best in our people, and
Timken associates truly have demonstrated their
exceptional nature. We cannot, therefore, end this
letter without thanking Timken associates around the
world who have made many sacrifices and delivered
solid performance throughout the year. We could not
have accomplished so much in 2009 without their
collaboration and support.
Finally, we thank you, our shareholders, for the
continued trust you have in The Timken Company.
We remain committed to strengthening your
confi dence in us as we pursue our strategy for long-
term profitability and success.
