Stronger. Value.

To Our

Shareholders:
In 2012, The Timken Company delivered strong performance. Our reported earnings per share were the best in our 113-year history, including the benefits of anti-dumping duty receipts. All four business segments finished the year with double-digit operating margins, and healthy cash flow further strengthened our balance sheet. These achievements follow our record-setting performance in 2011 and demonstrate the strength of our enterprise.
Our strong earnings allowed our board to increase our quarterly cash dividend by 15 percent early in the year to 23 cents per share. We also paid our 362nd consecutive quarterly dividend, demonstrating staying power achieved by few others on the NYSE. In February, the board approved a stock buyback authorization for the purchase of up to 10 million shares of Timken stock over the next four years, and we bought 2.5 million shares in 2012. We also made discretionary contributions of $365 million to our pension and post-retiree medical plans, with the pension plan now funded at 89 percent. The year began with strong demand across our broad industrial, automotive and aerospace markets, and we leveraged that demand, delivering a record first quarter. However, as the year progressed, demand slowed in the face of global economic weakness and customer inventory reductions. Timken adjusted quickly to the changing conditions and sustained strong

2

Ward J. Timken, Jr., chairman (right), and James W. Griffith, president and chief executive officer

performance through the full year. The rapid changes in the global marketplace in 2012 allowed us to stress-test our strategic plans and proved our ability to perform well through a downturn. Our strong performance reflects the degree to which we have fundamentally changed our structural operating capabilities. Strategic decisions over the past several years ­ to diversify, to divest and to invest for the future ­ now produce significant value. Our tenacity, flexibility and unwavering focus on our strategy drive long-term value for our shareholders and are reflected in our stock price, which ended 2012 at $47.83, up 24 percent for the year.

Creating a stronger Timken for all of our stakeholders begins with creating greater value wherever possible.

Stronger. Commitment.

Our investors, customers, suppliers, associates and communities all play vital roles in our continued, shared success and we work hard to deliver value to all of them. Customers trust Timken to answer their toughest questions and provide products and services that solve difficult operating problems. We add value in areas where customers need us the most, where the risk is high. We can do so because of our world-leading technical knowledge and shared commitment to quality, common to all four segments of our business. Whether making the bearing for a pellet mill in Belgium run five times longer or ensuring one of the world's largest oil suppliers avoids $2.4 million in downtime per day, Timken delivers real value to customers. That's because the reliability and efficiency of the world's industrial machinery depends on Timken. A century of performance improvement in our anti-friction bearings, and advances that allow us to create the world's cleanest alloy steel, provide us with a unique understanding of the technologies that assure reliability in the machinery upon which the world's productivity depends. In February, these capabilities allowed us to announce an increase in the performance ratings of our tapered roller bearings, facilitating designs with longer predicted life and heavier loadcarrying capacity. Our combined metallurgical and metal-processing knowledge also earned us significant new orders from a leading auto transplant manufacturer in 2012, creating a unique supply chain to deliver gear pre-forms to their U.S. factories as a new Tier-One supplier. Creating such value encompasses processes as well, and customers ­ including Applied Industrial Technologies, the Automotive Distribution Network, GM, John Deere, Joy Global, Nissan and R. L. Polk & Company ­ formally recognized our significant advances last year with awards for our customer service, inventory efficiency and delivery performance. Operational excellence remained a key focus and a new global continuous improvement team came together in 2012. The team's job is to address complex global operational issues ­ whether in specialty steels, bearings or other mechanical components ­ to further strengthen overall performance across the entire company.

3

One of our most significant improvement initiatives involves a series of investments totaling $300 million in our Steel business. This includes a new in-line forge press, continuous caster and ladle refiner at the Faircrest Steel Plant and automation of our alloy seamless tubing production at the Gambrinus Steel Plant, both in Canton, Ohio. We expect these investments, which begin to contribute in 2013, will lead to a 20 percent increase in labor productivity for the business, an 8 percent improvement in energy efficiency and a 15 percent increase in capacity in one of our most attractive product segments. In 2012, we also achieved our best safety year, posting our lowest lost-time injury and recordable injury rates. Half of our plants achieved safety records with zero lost-time accidents, and associates at the Carolina Service Center and our facility in Ogden, Utah, continued their decade-long records of no-lost days. This success grows from engaging employees in identifying precautions and taking action together to create a safer work environment. The result? We moved from industry average to among industry leaders in safety after reducing lost-time incidents by 80 percent over the last decade.

Stronger. Worldwide.

We follow a simple philosophy: go where our customers need us to be.

Timken continues to expand to serve the growing infrastructure needs in emerging markets, including Southeast Asia and Latin America. Our presence in China and India, places we have called home for years, continues to deepen as we supply products and knowledge to support these rapidly changing markets. In India, we celebrated our 20-year anniversary, growing tenfold since we first began manufacturing there. We are aggressively growing in Latin America as well with an expanded sales presence in Chile and Peru. Additional sales infrastructure build in Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam is driving growth at double the market rate, with a 30 percent increase for us in attractive Indonesian markets. We continue to invest and diversify around the world, making tough decisions when necessary to ensure value creation and competitiveness for the long term. In 2012, we recast our manufacturing footprint, announcing plans to close our Canadian bearing plant and incorporate those operations into existing U.S. facilities. At year end, we further diversified through the acquisition of Wazee Companies, LLC, a Denver-based services leader, bringing us new capabilities in the areas of critical motor rewind, generator
With Excellence

Our Knowledge

APPLY

rebuild and uptower wind services.

DIFFERENTIA Our Produc TE

PERFORM

Stronger. Together.
A clear, well-integrated strategy delivers results across our business, and 2012 proved the transformed Timken can perform well despite economic

CREATE UNPARALLELED VALUE

ts

headwinds. Our business results demonstrated the magnitude of that success.
4

Our Rea ch

EXPAND

Our Mobile Industries segment delivered double-digit margins for the year, strong performance despite reduced sales activity. This sales decline reflects our previous shift in strategic marketing direction to focus our efforts on differentiated portions of that market segment. In 2012, our Process Industries segment achieved operating margins above 20 percent. This segment grew as we leveraged the recent acquisitions of Philadelphia Gear® repair services and Drives® chain. Our Aerospace and Defense segment saw improving sales this year and a return to double-digit margins. The rebound reflects strengthening demand in our defense business and improved execution. Our Steel segment continued to improve its structural earning power. Improved pricing and demand resulted in a record first quarter, while the benefits of our efforts to reduce earnings volatility were demonstrated with solid profitability as demand declined in the second half of the year. Our investment plans and a strong new business development program build confidence of further improvement ahead.

Stronger. By Design.
With an eye on accelerating future growth, we announced two key executive appointments in August. Christopher A. Coughlin and Richard G. Kyle were named group presidents, with Chris leading the Mobile and Process Industries segments and Rich taking the helm of the Aerospace and the Steel segments. We also said good-bye to Sal Miraglia, who retired at year-end after more than 40 years of distinguished leadership, including the past seven as president of the Steel segment. We strengthened our board of directors with the election of Diane C. Creel, retired chairman, chief executive officer and president of Ecovation, Inc. Diane brings to the board exceptional engineering and construction knowledge, as well as experience in mergers and acquisitions. To our associates worldwide, we extend our thanks for your dedication in delivering outstanding results. Our shared success demonstrates what we can achieve together, as one united team operating around the world. To our shareholders and customers, we appreciate your continued investment and confidence in Timken. Our results indicate that our strategy works. We remain unified, focused and committed to deliver exceptional performance, determined to bring unprecedented value to you and all our stakeholders.

Ward J. Timken, Jr.
Chairman
February 13, 2013

James W. Griffith
President and Chief Executive Officer

5

