To our shareholders
During 2007, we made
substantial progress in building our global
enterprise to deliver long-term shareholder value. Overall, it was a good
year from a financial perspective – one of the best in our history and
a pivotal year as we laid the foundation that we believe will enable us to
achieve much higher levels of performance. As we enter 2008, we are
energized by the opportunities dawning before us. We are converting
these opportunities into greater value for our customers and
shareholders.
A Strong Year Financially
We posted important gains in 2007.
Sales grew to a record $5.2 billion, up 5% over the prior year, with especially strong demand
for value-added Timken products from aerospace, mining and energy sectors and Asian markets.
Net income per diluted share was $2.30, among the highest in our history, and we increased
our dividend for the third consecutive year.
We generated record sales and profits in both the Steel and Industrial Groups. We expect
capacity additions coming online in 2008 to help these segments meet robust customer demand,
paving the way for new performance records.
Our balance sheet remained strong. Total debt to capital was 26.9%. Net debt to capital was
26.1%, slightly higher than the prior year and below our targeted range of 30 to 35%. This reflected
strong cash flow from operations, offset by the $200 million acquisition of the assets of The Purdy
Corporation in the fourth quarter. Our global pension plans, which received cash contributions of
more than $1 billion over the last five years, were approximately 95% funded by the end of 2007.
Creating Value
Our strategy is to transform Timken into an industrial leader that is more profitable and less vulnerable
to the cyclicality of any one market or region. We are shifting our portfolio towards sectors where our
technology, industry knowledge and business expertise put us in a strong competitive position.
A great example is our growing portfolio of aerospace products and services. With the Purdy acqui
-
sition, we added new power transmission capabilities for helicopter and fixed-wing aircraft platforms,
enabling us to further expand into aircraft sub-systems. We believe Timken is uniquely positioned to
take advantage of anticipated record levels of growth in the aerospace industry projected over the next
few years.
We are establishing a stronger position in energy markets. In the fourth quarter, we announced a
joint venture in China to serve the country’s wind energy market. This will promote our advanced design
capabilities for this fast-growing segment. We further enhanced our position in the energy sector in the
first quarter of 2008 when we acquired assets from Boring Specialties, Inc. The acquisition will leverage
our steel business capabilities to provide expanded products and services for oil industry customers.
We are growing in parts of the world where our brand is only beginning to become known. Economic
expansion throughout Asia is generating substantial demand for our products, which have applications in a
variety of industries essential to infrastructure development and growth. In Asia, we now have a base of
approximately 4,500 associates – or 18% of our total workforce. Our sales in China alone have grown at a
rate of about 30% annually for the past three years.
Investing in the Future
We firmly believe in managing and investing for the long-term performance of the company. Record
capital investments in 2007 have supported the construction of three new plants as well as capacity increases
and enhanced capabilities at existing plants. Our order book, especially for industrial bearings, has never been
stronger. This manufacturing expansion will add more capacity at one time than ever before in our history.
We believe that these investments are a critical element in enhancing our profitable growth and global
market share.
Over the past two years, we have increased large-bore bearing capacity in China, Romania and
the United States to meet growing product demand in industrial and energy markets. More
of this large-bore bearing capacity will become available in 2008, especially as we ramp up
production at new plants in Wuxi, China, and Chennai, India.
In our Steel Group, our portfolio shift towards differentiated products is driving profitability and
reducing cyclical risk. Last year, we broke ground on a small-bar mill that will enable us to produce
the broadest size range of high-quality, hot-rolled alloy steel bars in North America.
During 2007, we continued to reduce our exposure to automotive markets as we completed most of
the restructuring steps affecting our automotive bearing business. Our plant in Clinton, South Carolina,
is now closed. We expect the benefits of this restructuring to help improve our bottom line in 2008.
Transforming for Improved Performance
While we made excellent progress in many areas in 2007, we are far from satisfied. The continued
profit shortfalls in our Automotive Group convinced us that a fundamental change was required in this part
of our business. In the third quarter, we announced a realignment of our Automotive and Industrial Groups
into the Bearings and Power Transmission Group. It will report financial results by three segments – Mobile
Industries, Process Industries and Aerospace and Defense – beginning in the first quarter of 2008. This
organizational change will have benefits on a number of fronts:
Combining our automotive assets with similar assets that serve rail, agriculture, off-highway
and automotive aftermarket customers in a new Mobile Industries segment will make us more
efficient and help us reallocate that capacity to the most profitable opportunities. We have focused
this new segment on accelerating near-term improvement and have limited our investment in it
until it generates stronger results.
Establishing the Process Industries and the Aerospace and Defense segments will help us focus
resources on the areas of the business that are driving our growth and form the foundation of our
expansion in Asia.
In all three segments, aligning demand from similar markets with the assets that serve them will
make decision-making faster, leading to improvements in capacity allocation, customer service
and pricing consistency.
The reorganization of our businesses also resulted in new management appointments. Mike Arnold,
formerly president of the Industrial Group, was named executive vice president and president of the
Bearings and Power Transmission Group. He is also leading the Mobile Industries segment. Mike Connors
and Ron Menning, previously Industrial Group vice presidents, were appointed president of the Process
Industries segment and president of the Aerospace and Defense segment, respectively. Dan Muller was
appointed president of distribution and services and is leading the distribution channel across all three
segments.
Positioning for Success
An important enabler of our strategy is Project O.N.E., which redefines our business processes and
provides a common IT infrastructure to sustain our global growth and improve our cost structure. In 2007,
we completed the first major U.S. installation, involving an enterprise-wide system for a large part of our
North American operations. Over the next year, we will be rolling out installations in Europe and other parts
of the United States.
In 2008, we will leverage the ongoing strong demand in key industrial market sectors and regions;
meanwhile, global automotive demand is expected to remain stable. We also will sharpen our focus on
execution and improving customer service and believe we are well-positioned to deliver stronger results
in 2008.
We appreciate your confidence and continued investment as we strive to build a better Timken.
Ward J. Timken, Jr.
James W. Griffith
Chairman
President and Chief Executive Officer