 $3.43 $3.02 $2.92
’08 ’09 Adjusted EPS*
Growth (in dollars)
We have a long track record of strong earnings per share (EPS) performance, and I’m pleased to report that we carried that into 2012. We achieved record adjusted EPS*, growing 19 percent over 2011 to $4.94. Our revenues were also a record at $12.5 billion, an 8 percent increase over the previous year. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 60 basis points, and we did that while investing in our R&D pipeline, our commercial capabilities and
our presence in emerging markets to ensure a bright future. We also delivered the strongest full-year free cash flow
in our history, generating a 24 percent increase year-to- year to $1.77 billion.
I’m very proud of how our teams responded in the challenging environment. Much of our success was the product of basic hard work and determination. But our solid growth all year long showed that we executed on a strategy that puts our customers first, and it clearly helped us to gain share.
Customers: Fulfifilling Our Mission
The world is growing increasingly complex, but our com- pany mission is simple: to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We have countless
’10
’11
’12
* adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin, adjusted operating income and free cash flow are non-Gaap financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-Gaap financial measures to comparable Gaap measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 5 and 6 of this annual report.
$4.94 $4.16
Dear Shareholder:
marc n. casper president and
chief executive officer
1 | 2012 Annual Report

                  Thermo Fisher scienTiFic inc. (NYSE: TMO) is the world leader in serving science. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. With revenues of $13 billion, we have 39,000 employees and serve customers within pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as in environmental and process control industries. We create value for our key stakeholders through three premier brands, Thermo Scientific, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services, which offer a unique combination of innovative technologies, convenient purchasing options and a single solution for laboratory operations management. Our products and services help our customers solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics and increase laboratory productivity. Visit www.thermofisher.com.
                  examples, from giving doctors tests to diagnose a child’s peanut allergy, to helping cities ensure that drinking water is free of pesticides, to providing police officers with
new tools to keep illegal drugs off the street. We’re proud of our mission, and it reminds us every day that what
we do as a company is vital.
Our customers expect even more from us in the current environment, and Thermo Fisher has the scale and unique depth of capabilities to help them meet their goals. They want innovative products that demonstrate tangible value. They want a partner who can help them to be more productive. They’re global, but they want a company
that understands the importance of acting “local.” These fundamental customer needs have defined our growth strategy, which is based on technological innovation, commercial excellence and expansion in emerging markets. I’m pleased to say that in 2012 we made outstanding progress in all three, building on our solid foundation and positioning us for continued growth in the years ahead.
Technological Innovation First, it was a banner year for innovation. We launched significant new products across our key technology platforms under the Thermo Scientific brand. Among the highlights, our new Trace 1300 gas chromatography system raised the bar for customers performing quality control analysis in applied markets, such as environmental, chemical and food safety. For elemental analysis, the new iCAP Q mass spectometry system is a reliable, easy-to-use workhorse for customers performing routine analysis or complex clinical research. We broadened our leading offering of portable instru- ments with the launch of the TruNarc analyzer, which literally put spectroscopy in the hands of law enforcement for the identification of narcotics. And, our new Lynx superspeed centrifuge delivered both performance and productivity for high-volume laboratories.
In biosciences, we introduced the PikoReal PCR system, a high-performance benchtop instrument that can be integrated with our reagents and consumables to create an efficient molecular biology workflow. To support increasing global demand for PCR-based testing and DNA research, we established a new Center of Excellence in Vilnius, Lithuania, that brings together our biosciences capabilities. In specialty diagnostics, we’re helping our customers in the clinical laboratory improve both pro- ductivity and patient care. For example, our new Indiko Plus chemistry analyzer offers the high throughput needed for drugs-of-abuse screening and monitoring of therapeutic drugs – in a compact benchtop system.
In immunodiagnostics, we expanded our leading offering of tests for the diagnosis and monitoring of allergies, asthma and autoimmune diseases.
These new products are already creating value for our customers and contributing to our growth, reinforcing our ability to develop viable solutions that quickly translate into commercial success. A great example is our Q Exactive mass spectrometer. Since the launch of this game-changing product in 2011, we’ve built a $100 million-plus business in a market segment where we previously did not compete. We invested approximately $375 million on R&D for
the total company in 2012 to keep our new product pipe- line full and fuel our future growth.
Commercial Excellence Our second growth driver, commercial excellence, is another key differentiator for Thermo Fisher. This is how we deliver our value proposi- tion to our customers, and fully leverage the power of
our three premier brands. We want our customers to view us as a strategic partner who can take a holistic approach in helping them to meet their goals through our innovative Thermo Scientific technologies, our industry-leading Fisher Scientific customer channel and our comprehen- sive Unity Lab Services offering. We’ve demonstrated the
2 | 2012 Annual Report

   Attractive Revenue Profile
     26%
Healthcare & Diagnostics
27%
Industrial & Applied
25%
Pharma & Biotech
22%
Academic & Government
14%
Services
31% 55%
Instruments, Consumables Equipment
& Software
Products
4%
ROW Asia-Pacific
Markets
Geographies
17%
54%
25%
Europe
North America
 effectiveness of this model with major biopharma cus- tomers over the past few years, partnering to support their needs from drug development, to clinical trials, to production. Biopharma continued to be our fastest- growing market segment in 2012, which shows that our strategy is effective and we are continuing to gain share.
In the current environment, this model is resonating with other customer sets as well, including contract testing labs, medical device manufacturers and petrochemical com- panies. To capitalize on these opportunities, we continue to strengthen our capabilities through investments in our commercial infrastructure, supply chains and e-business platform. Our Customer Allegiance Score set a new record in 2012, which says that we are focused on the right priorities and our customers are seeing the difference.
Emerging Markets To most effectively serve our customers, we need to be near them, which is why we’re expanding our presence in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, our third key driver of growth. We’ve been investing heavily in Asia-Pacific for a number of years, and it’s paying off. This region accounted for 17 percent of
our total company revenue in 2012, up from 15 percent a year ago, representing an increase of approximately $300 million. The largest contributor was China, where our team delivered revenue growth of 22 percent for the year. At more than $700 million in annual sales, China became our second largest geography by revenue in 2012. To build on our strong presence, we invested $20 million to open a new factory in Suzhou to meet our life sciences customers’ needs for laboratory consumables and equipment. Our strengths in healthcare, environmental and food safety markets are well-aligned with the country’s five-year plan, giving us confidence that China will continue to be an important growth market for us.
Looking ahead, we’re also pursuing opportunities in emerging markets such as Russia, South Korea and Brazil. Our strategy in these regions is twofold. We’re increasing our commercial presence, such as the new demonstration center we opened in Seoul in 2012. We’re also optimizing our service and support infrastructure so we can serve
our customers most efficiently and lay the foundation for future growth.
Employees: Enhancing Our Culture
We had a successful 2012 because we put our customers first. And we recognize that to fully engage our custom- ers, we must engage our employees. We have 39,000 colleagues in 40 countries around the world, and we are cultivating that tremendous pool of talent to meet our aspirations for growth. At Thermo Fisher, we do this by establishing a strong cultural foundation, by welcoming each other’s differences and by using our leadership position to make a positive impact in our communities.
Our “4-I” values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement are at the core of everything we do. They guide our interactions with external stakeholders, and with each other, establishing common ground among our employees across the globe. We are committed to being an employer of choice by fostering an environment that is both inclusive and engaging.
As the world leader in serving science, we also have a responsibility to support the communities in which we live and work. Our Foundation for Science supports STEM initiatives (science, technology, engineering and math)
to ensure that today’s students can become tomorrow’s scientists. For example, we’re the lead supporter of an initiative near our headquarters in Massachusetts to train Advanced Placement teachers so they can better engage underserved students and close the achievement gap.
In Lithuania, we equipped a mobile laboratory to give
                             3 | 2012 Annual Report

Three Complementary Segments
 Analytical Specialty Laboratory Products Technologies Diagnostics and Services
32% 22% 46%
 high school students a hands-on look at the work of life sciences researchers. Our employees in Beijing volunteered to help migrant workers and low-income students study science and English. We also offer science scholarships
at leading global universities to support students as they begin to pursue their careers.
We bring our Involvement value to life through many opportunities for employee volunteerism and charitable giving. From Community Action Councils that organize volunteer activities at our major sites, to our various matching gift programs, we want our colleagues to know that it’s important to make a difference – for both our customers and our communities. We’re making great progress, and will continue to expand these efforts to increase our ranking among the companies considered
to be the world’s most admired.
Shareholders: Creating Long-term Value
When we meet our commitments to our customers and our employees, our shareholders are rewarded. We continued to invest for our future while increasing our profitability to deliver strong growth in earnings per share. Not every company can achieve this, especially in a challenging environment.
This is where our operational discipline sets us apart.
We drive profitability by leveraging our Practical Process Improvement business system, or PPI, our company-wide sourcing initiatives and our global operations footprint. When the macro environment becomes more challeng-
ing, these productivity tools help us to manage our costs
in line with the business climate and serve our customers most effectively and efficiently. The past year was a perfect example. The cost actions we took to increase productivity helped us navigate the economic headwinds while con- tinuing to fund our growth initiatives and strengthen the bottom line.
We have also maintained a strong balance sheet, and 2012 was an outstanding year in terms of deploying our capital on strategic acquisitions and returning capital to our shareholders.
We invested $1.1 billion on complementary acquisitions that expanded our offering for our customers and strengthened our strategic position. The largest was One Lambda, which we completed in September 2012. As the global leader in diagnostic tests for transplant patients, One Lambda was an excellent addition to our specialty diagnostics portfolio. Along with significantly increasing our presence in the growing transplant market, we now have the opportunity to leverage our strong presence
in Asia-Pacific and other emerging markets to accelerate growth of these important tests.
We also retuned $1.3 billion of capital to our shareholders in 2012 between our stock buybacks and the quarterly dividend we initiated early in the year. This was the first dividend in our company history, and it was a real vote of confidence from our board. Based on our outlook, the board increased the dividend by 15 percent before year end – again sending a strong message that our strategy is sound and our future is bright.
All in all, 2012 was a terrific year, and it put us in an excellent position going into 2013. By continuing our strategy of investing for growth, focusing on productivity and effectively deploying our capital, I have no doubt that Thermo Fisher will be the company our customers rely on, our employees want to work for and our shareholders will invest in for the long term.
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2013
      4 | 2012 Annual Report
