Marc N. Casper President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
I’m pleased to report that we accomplished our key objectives for Thermo Fisher Scientific in 2009. At no other time in the past 20 years have we faced such a tough economy. Yet, our proven strategy – a combination of prudent cost control and con- tinued growth investment – has positioned us to emerge an even stronger industry leader. Of course the best strategy in the world wouldn’t be successful without the commitment of our 35,000 employees.The sheer determination they demonstrated in executing on our plans, and in meeting the goals we set for the year, was outstanding.
Let me review our major achievements in 2009 and outline our key priorities for 2010.
RETURN TO GROWTH
Early in the year, the economic crisis was hitting our customers full force. Not only did this affect their capital-budget purchases of instrumentation and equipment, but it caused them to reduce inventory levels of basic laboratory supplies as well, which affected sales of our consumables products in the first quarter.
These headwinds led to a full-year revenue decline of 4 percent to $10.1 billion compared with 2008. However, we saw sequential improvement in our revenue performance every quarter as the year progressed, and we ended with revenue growth of 7 percent in the fourth quarter, or 1 percent organic growth. In terms of profitability, our adjusted operating margin* declined by 80 basis points for the full year, but again showed improvement every quarter on a sequential basis. Our adjusted earnings per share (EPS) returned to growth midway through the year, for solid second half performance that resulted in adjusted EPS of $3.05 for the full year. Finally, we had a record year of free cash flow, generating $1.47 billion. And we put our cash to work, deploying $650 million on acquisitions and $415 million on stock buybacks.
With sales of consumables now growing at historical rates, and gradual improvement in sales of instru- ments and equipment, we are confident that we are back on track for growth in 2010.
OPTIMIZING OUR COST STRUCTURE
Our ability to remain highly profitable in spite of the top line pressure would not have been possible without the significant cost-cutting actions we initiated. Some of these actions, such as tightening our discretionary spending and implementing furloughs in some of our businesses, had an immediate effect. Others, such as a total reduction of approximately 2,000 positions and the announced closure of 15 manufacturing sites on top of our normal rate of facility consolidations, will yield longer-term cost benefits. All told, we took out more than our targeted $115 million of costs in 2009, and we anticipate that these combined actions will benefit us by another $25 million in 2010.
*Adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 6 and 7 of this annual report.
      1

These were difficult decisions, and we never make them lightly. We are committed to striking a balance between short-term profitability and the need to provide our customers with high-quality, cost-effective products and services that will fuel our growth in the long term.
COMMITMENT TO INNOVATION
As the world leader in serving science, we have the most comprehensive technology portfolio in our industry. And we continue to invest significantly in technology development to support our mission of enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We spent $250 million on R&D in 2009 – the same level as 2008 – in spite of the economy. I’d like to highlight a few of our many examples of innovation in 2009, launched under our Thermo Scientific brand.
  8
We continued to build on our legacy of mass spectrometry leadership by introducing new technologies that accelerate progress for our customers who are pushing the limits of science, for example, in protein research for drug discovery. One of the most notable was the introduction of our new LTQ VelosTM platform, which has revolutionized mass spectrometry analysis by providing more analytical detail and specificity than ever before. The LTQ Velos, with its dual-trap design, is the industry’s fastest and most sensitive ion trap mass spectrometer. The companion LTQ OrbitrapTM Velos, based on our breakthrough Orbitrap technology, adds ultra-high mass resolution capabilities in a unique hybrid format. These systems have had the fastest uptake of any new mass spectrometry product we’ve ever launched.
Our focus on performance extends to our customers outside the research laboratory as well, where advanced technologies are used to combat immediate threats to our health and well-being. Our leading portfolio of handheld Niton® XRF analyzers, for instance, were used to screen toys for lead, jewelry for suspected fraud and drywall for materials that emit corrosive gases. Our specialty diagnostics business supplied test kits to meet the need for fast and accurate testing during the H1N1 flu pandemic. In food safety, our workflows and methods were deployed when salmonella and melamine contamina- tion threatened global food supplies. We were recognized for our role in helping Chinese laboratories quickly develop melamine-detection capabilities following the discovery of tainted dairy products.
EXPANSION IN ASIA
We generated revenues of more than $1 billion in Asia in 2009, with double-digit growth in China, primarily due to government stimulus programs that are funding investments in food safety and air quality. In 2009, we were named one of the “Top 10 Fast Growth Companies in China” by a national Chinese business publication. Thermo Fisher was recognized for our 20-year commitment to custom- ers and communities in China, as well as our ongoing investment there.
India is another focal point of our Asia expansion. Through both internal investments and acquisitions, we’ve broadened our commercial capabilities and operational footprint to serve India’s rapidly growing life sciences market. One highlight is the clinical packaging facility we opened a little over a year ago,
2
    DRUG DISCOVERY
AIR QUALITY
PROTEOMICS
       
 which is now supporting multi-national pharmaceutical customers who are conducting clinical trials in the country. We recently introduced a Fisher Scientific catalog in India to make it easier for our customers there to access our leading breadth of products and services.
With approximately 3,000 employees in Asia, we have the industry’s strongest presence.Yet there is still plenty of room to grow. We’re currently building our second demonstration laboratory in China, which will be located in Beijing near many large universities and government research labs. This will complement our operations in Shanghai, where the major pharmaceutical firms are based. There’s a tremendous opportunity for us to expand our commercial presence as well. We plan to extend our Fisher Scientific customer channels by adding more hubs to better serve our Asia-Pacific customers. For example, we’re setting up a laboratory supply chain warehouse in Singapore to support that region’s growing needs.
  LEFT TO RIGHT:
The new Thermo Scientific LTQ Orbitrap Velos mass spectrometer broke new ground for protein research.
Our acquisition of the Biolab customer channel accelerated our penetration of markets in Australia and New Zealand.
Innovative biomarker tests from the B.R.A.H.M.S. acquisition significantly strength- ened our specialty diagnostics portfolio.
  3
COMPLEMENTARY ACQUISITIONS
We continued to explore opportunities to expand our offerings through acquisition, using a very disci- plined approach. We evaluate acquisition candidates using two key criteria. Acquisitions need to add value for our customers by expanding our portfolio or global presence, and they need to create value for our shareholders. During the year, we deployed $650 million to acquire seven companies. Some were small but promising businesses that strengthened our Thermo Scientific technology positions in gas chromatography, microbiology and diagnostics, or extended our Fisher Scientific customer channels. The two largest, Biolab and B.R.A.H.M.S., added significant capabilities in each of our two business segments.
Biolab, now part of our Laboratory Products and Services Segment, is the leading commercial channel for scientific, environmental and healthcare markets in Australia and New Zealand. With revenues of approximately $120 million at the time of acquisition, and approximately 500 employees, this business literally put us on the map in this key region of the world. The Biolab business will serve as the founda- tion of our growth strategy in Australian and New Zealand markets, giving our customers access to a more comprehensive portfolio of offerings for their laboratories.
B.R.A.H.M.S., a Germany-based business with approximately 400 employees and revenues of more than $100 million, expanded the specialty diagnostics portfolio within our Analytical Technologies Segment. B.R.A.H.M.S. adds in vitro diagnostic tests based on patented biomarkers for sepsis, as well as cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases. Sepsis is a potentially life-threatening blood infection, and the B.R.A.H.M.S. biomarker, Procalcitonin (PCT), is considered the gold standard in Europe for sepsis diagnosis and treatment. PCT is now available in the U.S. through our Fisher Scientific healthcare channel following FDA clearance last year. A strong pipeline of new tests, such as the heart attack biomarker Copeptin, recently launched in Europe, will accelerate our goal to become a leading provider of specialty diagnostics around the world.
8
   GLOBAL REACH
SPECIALTY DIAGNOSTICS
    
INVESTMENT IN OUR EMPLOYEES
I’m proud of how our employees performed in the tough economic environment last year. We contin- ued to invest in our people to ensure that we preserve what I am certain is the most capable team of employees in the industry.
Our strong cultural foundation atThermo Fisher is firmly rooted in our “4-I” values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement. We have established a strong base of talent across the company, and we’re committed to building upon that base into the future. Our goal is not only to attract, but to retain the best people in our industry. In addition to providing many avenues of support for our employees to help them fulfill their career aspirations, we also strive to ensure that anyone who manages people is a Role Model Leader. Through a program that outlines clear expectations around our values,
  LEFT TO RIGHT:
In close partnership with our customers, we are leveraging our scale and breadth to help them work more efficiently.
Our technologies and methods are used increasingly to meet today’s challenges, such as protecting global food supplies.
We continue to expand to serve growing Asian markets, and are opening a new demo lab in Beijing, China, in 2010.
  4
communication, employees, customers and growth, we strive to develop managers whom employees can look to for mentoring and a clear path to success.
I believe that the investments we are making in our people today are critical to the achievement of our long-term goals. Our employees are energized and determined to help us regain our growth momen- tum, and I’m confident that we are now in an enviable position of strength – and ready to capitalize on our many opportunities.
2010 OUTLOOK
We are now back on a growth track and are committed to achieving our growth goals for 2010. To do
so, we are focused on four priorities:
o Investing to drive sustainable top-line revenue growth o Leveraging our unique customer value proposition
o Expanding our operating margin, and
o Deploying our capital to create shareholder value.
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH As the world leader in serving science, we have numerous growth oppor- tunities, along with the resources to fund them. First, we serve attractive end markets. Two-thirds of our customers are in life sciences and healthcare markets, which are driven by the need to effectively diagnose, treat and eventually cure the diseases that are increasingly prevalent in the world’s aging population. Increased focus on a cleaner environment and safer food supplies, especially in burgeoning regions such as China, are creating a critical need for the leading technologies we provide. Healthcare, air quality and food safety are key issues being addressed by government stimulus programs globally.
     FOOD SAFETY
LEAN LAB
  
Through our commitment to innovation, we will strive to exceed our customers’ expectations for new technologies that help them respond to the challenges of an increasingly complex world. In fact, we plan to increase our R&D investment by approximately $30 million, or more than 10 percent, in 2010.
VALUE PROPOSITION We will continue to leverage our tremendous scale and breadth to offer unique value to our customers. The tough economy may have actually accelerated our strategy here because it forced companies in almost every industry to re-think their business models. We are working closely with our Top 20 accounts, which are mostly large pharmaceutical customers, as they strive to improve their own competitive positions. Through our Lean Lab program, for example, we are helping them to standardize their laboratory purchases. In 2009, our Top 20 accounts grew at a rate significantly higher than our company average. We expect to build on that momentum in 2010.
OPERATING MARGIN Another key priority is operating margin expansion. We took aggressive produc- tivity and cost actions in 2009, but they were more than offset by lower volume due to the global recession. We did see our margin improve sequentially as the year progressed, and we expect to deliver margin expansion in 2010, returning to our long-term trend. Our Practical Process Improvement program, or PPI, is ingrained in our company’s culture. Our employees will continue to use PPI to streamline the way we work, leading to higher margins and better customer service.
CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT Equally important, we will effectively deploy our capital to strengthen our port- folio and build on our leadership position. Our strong balance sheet gives us opportunities to create tremendous shareholder value, and the businesses we’ve acquired in the first few months of 2010 are a great example. One, Ahura Scientific, brings innovative handheld spectroscopy instruments for chemical analysis in health and public safety applications to broaden our offerings in portable and benchtop elemental analysis. Another, Finnzymes, strengthens our offerings for molecular biology applications with integrated high-performance PCR (polymerase chain reaction) workflows for genomic research and genetic, forensics and food safety testing.
In summary, I’m extremely proud of how our teams pulled together and responded to the challenges of 2009. We successfully executed on our plans to optimize our cost structure, while continuing to invest for the long term. The actions we took position us well for a strong future, and I’m confident we will continue our growth trajectory. I thank our customers, shareholders and employees for their ongoing support, and look forward to reporting on our progress during the year.
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2010
 LIFE SCIENCES
ENVIRONMENTAL
FORENSICS
           5
