                 Thermo Fisher Scientific – 2010 AR 1
                Dear Shareholder,
I’m pleased to report that 2010 was an excellent year for Thermo Fisher Scientifific. We achieved our goals for
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer
      growth, leveraging good top-line results to deliver record EPS and solid margin expansion. I’m proud of how our teams executed on their operating plans. They carefully managed expenses so we could continue to invest in oppor- tunities that will create the most value for our customers, employees and shareholders over the long term.
In early 2010, I outlined our primary financial objective: to accelerate EPS growth. We exceeded our publicly stated goal for the year by achieving a 17 percent increase in adjusted EPS, to a record $3.57 versus $3.05 in 2009.* Three key drivers contributed to this strong performance:
• Top-line revenue growth of 7 percent, to $10.79 billion for the full year
• Operational excellence, which led to 80 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion at 17.8 percent
• Effective capital deployment resulting from our strong balance sheet and solid cash flow.
Our ability to capitalize on all three gives Thermo Fisher a unique competitive advantage in the marketplace. I will highlight our accomplishments in each, which not only contributed to a successful 2010 but position us well to achieve our goals in 2011 and beyond.
*Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin and adjusted operating income are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 6 and 7 of this annual report.
Revenue Growth
Our top-line growth is the result of our commitment to tech- nology innovation and expanding our presence in emerging markets around the world.
We increased our total R&D investment in 2010 by more than $40 million, for a total of approximately $285 million, to strengthen our leadership position in innovation. Our previous investments led to a number of exciting new products in 2010 as represented by our Thermo Scientific brand, filling our pipeline across our instruments, software, equipment and consumables offerings.
For the life sciences researcher, we combined the power
of our industry-leading Orbitrap® mass spectrometry platform with a new suite of informatics products, such as Proteome Discoverer, to raise the performance bar and accelerate the development of groundbreaking drug treatments. We also created a new workflow for the analysis of immunosuppres- sant drugs in clinical research, including our mass spec- trometers, new test kits and automated sample handling technology. In specialty diagnostics, we introduced a new test to screen patients for hospital-acquired infections as well as new cryostat technology for processing tissue samples
in cancer diagnostics, which won a Top 100 innovation award from R&D Magazine. For applied markets, such as environmental analysis and food safety testing, we are giving our customers new tools that significantly improve labora- tory productivity, from our new general-purpose centrifuge platform for reducing sample preparation time, to our TSQ QuantumTM XLS triple quadrupole system for greater analytical speed and sensitivity.
Our R&D priorities are directly aligned with our customers’ needs, and we work in close collaboration with them to develop the technologies that will have the greatest impact on how they solve complex challenges. To formalize this two-way exchange of technological information, we created
     
                                       Our combination of best-in-class technologies
and applications expertise is paramount to addressing our customers’ needs.
 a Scientific Advisory Board in 2010. Consisting of technology leaders from across Thermo Fisher and outside members who are global experts in healthcare and life sciences, this board will be important for enabling new breakthroughs by our customers in fields such as genomics, cancer research, cell biology and pathology.
The other key contributor to our growth is our investment
to expand in emerging markets around the world, particularly Asia. With $1.3 billion of our revenues from that region in 2010, we have the largest presence in our industry. Looking back on Asia highlights for the year, we recorded significant sales in 2010 tied to government stimulus programs in Japan, where our analytical instruments are being used by the national police force in forensics identification. In India, we are serving the global pharmaceutical industry with our outsourcing logistics and packaging support for clinical trials. Our progress is especially impressive in China which, by the end of the year, represented our third largest country in terms of revenue, behind the U.S. and Germany. We now have more than 1,400 employees at our manufacturing and commercial sites in China, and recently opened our second customer demonstration and applications laboratory, in Beijing, and a new China Technology Center in Shanghai.
As China’s economic focus evolves from infrastructure to
the environment to public safety and healthcare, we are in an enviable position to support the region’s continued develop- ment and growth. For example, we are providing radiation monitoring equipment for worker safety at nuclear power plants as China builds new capacity to meet growing energy demands. We are helping our customers in a range of indus- tries set up new laboratories and establish supply chains through our Fisher Scientific channel. Our instruments and methods are playing a role in monitoring water and food supplies to ensure public safety after events such as the
Qinghai Province earthquake and the threat of dioxin in imported animal feed. In life sciences and healthcare, we launched the first Chinese-language catalog to offer a com- prehensive solution for cell therapy researchers, and intro- duced our biomarker test kits for detecting life-threatening blood conditions in patients being admitted to the hospital.
Depth of Capabilities
All of these developments highlight our depth of capabilities and demonstrate our unique value proposition for custom- ers around the world. We made it easier for our customers to leverage the value we can offer by making significant investments in our thermoscientific.com and fishersci.com Websites. Our combination of best-in-class technologies and applications expertise is paramount to addressing our cus- tomers’ needs, and we had many examples in 2010 of how this differentiated Thermo Fisher in the marketplace.
One is our relationship with major pharmaceutical provider
Eli Lilly, where we took responsibility for clinical trials manufactur- ing, packaging and labeling operations at Lilly’s Technology Center in the U.S. to speed the delivery of innovative medi- cines to patients and help reduce costs. Another is our
work with the world’s largest producer of coal, Shenhua, to build their research laboratory in China for the development of low carbon fuels that improve the quality of emissions from power plants. And, shortly after opening our Food Safety Response Center in Germany, we played an important role
in helping laboratories around the world respond to the crisis in the Gulf of Mexico by implementing new testing methods based on our instruments, equipment and consumables to ensure that shellfish from the region was safe to eat. These examples clearly demonstrate how we fulfill our company’s mission: to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.
   
                 Innovation
that Puts Our The TSQ QuantumTM XLS gas chromatography-mass spectrometry system extends the use of advanced analytical technologies to
Customers First routine applications such as food safety and environmental testing.
Thermo Fisher Scientific – 2010 AR 2 • 3
                                      New assays and other consumables, coupled with high-volume sample processing equipment, such as our new centrifuge platform, create significant improvements in laboratory productivity.
                     
 Accelerating Our Investment in China
UV-Visible spectrophotometers are assembled in our Shanghai, China, facility, where we opened a China Technology Center dedicated to developing new products specifically for the local market.
We constantly evaluate our global footprint to optimize our infrastructure for the greatest operating efficiencies.
Operational Excellence
Our ability to invest in technologies and markets is largely
a result of our proven operating discipline, the second major driver of our strong EPS performance. Even though we ramped up our R&D spend and increased expenses in select geographic markets to support growth, we achieved a
12 percent increase in adjusted operating income year over year for 80 basis points of margin expansion. This was a result of setting the right priorities, managing expenses appropri- ately and then successfully executing our operating plans.
Through our deeply ingrained culture of productivity improve- ment – exemplified by our PPI (Practical Process Improvement) and PPI-Lean programs – we achieve the triple benefit of providing our customers with high-quality products and ser- vices, strengthening our performance on the bottom line and contributing to our cash flow. Our global sourcing programs, which are designed to mitigate the effects of inflation, gen- erated more than $60 million in savings for us in 2010. These activities focus on aggregating our total spend, reducing
our supply base, and leveraging online and low-cost-region sourcing opportunities.
In addition, we constantly evaluate our global footprint to optimize our infrastructure for the greatest operating efficien- cies, giving us several levers we can adjust to changing market dynamics. We plan to continue our strong track record of operational excellence to drive margin expansion into 2011 and beyond.
Capital Deployment
Our third key contributor to EPS growth is the ability to leverage our strong balance sheet and effectively deploy our capital. We had a very productive year in that regard in 2010, deploying a total of $1.6 billion on complementary acquisitions and share buybacks.
We invested $600 million to complete 11 acquisitions that augment our existing capabilities in promising technologies and markets. Among the highlights during the year was Ahura Scientific, which added FT-IR and Raman spectroscopy technologies to our growing line of handheld instruments for rapid and definitive chemical identification of drugs or explo- sives in the field. Finnzymes and Fermentas extended our portfolio of reagents and other molecular and cellular biology tools for genomics research and PCR-based testing.
We also strengthened our growing presence in Australia

                  Thermo Fisher Scientific – 2010 AR 4 • 5
                              Acquisitions increased our depth of capabilities across our portfolio, from PCR-based testing products in our specialty diagnostics business to handheld technologies in our analytical instruments business.
             and New Zealand with the acquisition of that region’s premier provider of laboratory chemicals and consumables, Lomb Scientific.
We capped off the year by announcing our acquisition
of Dionex Corporation for $2.1 billion, which will create an industry-leading chromatography offering for our custom- ers. Dionex’s chromatography instruments, software and consumables, combined with our leading position in mass spectrometry, is a compelling technology offering for cus- tomers in applied markets, such as environmental, food safety and other industrial sectors. In addition, with more than one-third of their revenues in Asia-Pacific and other emerging markets, Dionex is a perfect fit with our strategy to expand in these high-growth regions.
We also significantly increased our return of capital to share- holders during the year in the form of share buybacks, spending just over $1 billion to repurchase nearly 21 million shares. At year end, we had $488 million remaining under our stock repurchase authorization, and we plan to continue to buy back our shares in 2011.
Employee Development
All of our accomplishments in 2010 were made possible through the determination of our employees. Our robust employee development process ensures that individual goals are directly aligned with the overall goals of the company, and our strong results show that the process works. Our 4-I values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement are the fabric of our culture and guide our interactions with our customers, and with each other, every day.
We continue to make significant investments in our people to maintain that vital competitive edge and strengthen
our position as the Employer of Choice in our industry. For example, we added new programs across the company
for career development and training. We launched a new
global intranet platform, called iConnect, to foster greater collaboration among our employees and therefore create increased value for our customers. We also extended our philanthropic efforts with two major initiatives in 2010. One is a new Matching Gift Program that we are piloting to support employee charitable contributions in the U.S., and the other is our Community Action Councils that encourage involve- ment through local volunteer activities at some of our major locations around the world.
We’ve made great progress in 2010, and we have significant opportunities at hand to continue our growth momentum. Our past investments are paying off today, and those we are making now – in innovative technologies, emerging markets and our people – will generate excellent returns for us in the years to come. We continue to identify key opportunities
that leverage our unique value proposition, and will continue to manage the business efficiently to fund the investments necessary to support them. Our overall strategy is clear:
to accelerate EPS growth by generating top-line growth, expanding our margins and effectively deploying our capital. With a strong 2010 behind us and a proven strategy to guide us forward, we are well-positioned to achieve our ambitious goals for 2011 and beyond.
Thank you for your ongoing support of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2011
         