DEAR SHAREHOLDER
2000 was a fabulous year for Toll Brothers. We delivered more homes, signed more contracts, and achieved greater profits than ever before. Over the last three, five, seven and ten years, we have averaged more than 20% compound annual growth for earnings, revenues, contracts and backlog. Even by these measures, fiscal 2000 was an extraordinary year as our earnings grew 42%, our revenues 24%, our contracts 31%, and our year-end backlog 34% versus fiscal 1999. We believe our strategy of focusing on the luxury market and creating a special brand is the primary reason for our success. In 1990, we were 74th in Professional Builder magazine's annual ranking of U.S. home builders; today we are 9th. By expanding geographically, and diversifying beyond the move-up market into the empty-nester and active-adult sectors, we have broadened the scope of our business, thereby accelerating our growth and increasing our revenue and earnings potential dramatically. We continue to benefit from our strategy of acquiring control of well-located land in affluent markets and taking sites through the entitlement process. Having operated in the Northeast for thirty years, we had to learn to be a land developer as well as a home builder. We recognized that "slow-growth" and "no-growth" sentiment, now a nationwide phenomenon, would restrict supply and make entitled land with development approvals very valuable. We also recognized that baby boom demographics, which are driving the robust market for luxury homes, would accelerate these lot shortages, causing demand to outstrip supply. In anticipation of these shortages, to fuel our continued growth we have cautiously and carefully built up the supply of lots we control to over 33,000. We could have signed more contracts and delivered houses in greater volumes this past year, but instead we followed our plan of maximizing the value of our land by continuing to raise home prices. As a result, in fiscal 2000 the average price of homes delivered rose 10% over 1999 to $447,000. In an environment of relatively stable labor and material costs, our gross margins improved to 24.2% in FY 2000 from 22.3% in FY 1999. The economy has helped us significantly. A recent Census Bureau study reported that, in constant 1999 dollars, U.S. households with incomes of $100,000 or more have grown at nearly seven times the rate of U.S. households in general over the past twenty years. Affluent households now represent over 12%, or 12.8 million, of U.S. households. Our stock price rose by 86% over the course of fiscal 2000 as our consistent performance and strong growth gained the attention of investors. As of this writing we are still selling at a price/earnings multiple of approximately 9.5 times First Call's consensus of analysts' earnings estimates for fiscal 2001, a discount of 56% to the S&P 500. Given our track record and future growth potential, we hope and believe that the market will reward us with a multiple more in line with other growth companies. Our near-term prospects look outstanding. We believe fiscal 2001 will be another record year with net income and revenue growth of at least 15%. We start with a record $1.43 billion backlog, 34% ahead of last year's total and equal to nearly 80% of fiscal 2000's record revenues. This backlog means that most of our revenues through third quarter 2001 are already in our pipeline. And we believe that fiscal 2002 should be even better. Since we plan to increase the number of our selling communities over the coming year, if demand remains relatively constant, we estimate at least 15% growth in both net income and revenues in fiscal 2002 over 2001. The outlook beyond is very encouraging. Experts predict that from now through 2010, U.S. households should continue to grow in numbers comparable to that of the past decade. At that pace, by 2010 there could be over 26% more households than in 1990. With more affluent households than ever before and

Left to right: Douglas C. Yearley, Jr., Zvi Barzilay, Wayne S. Patterson, Joel H. Rassman, Bruce E. Toll, Robert I. Toll

Toll Brothers

1

Annual Report

huge waves of maturing baby boomers now in their 30s, 40s and 50s, we believe demand for luxury homes should remain strong throughout this decade. Toll Brothers is uniquely positioned to benefit from these exciting demographics. We are the only national builder focused primarily on the luxury market. Our average home price is double the average of the other major builders. Our main competitors are small and mid-sized private custom builders who don't have our investment grade ratings, our access to land and low-cost capital, our national buying power, our marketing reach or our brand name. We have built our brand name by offering buyers choice, quality, value and service in addition to luxurious homes and wonderful lifestyles. We take the headache out of building a custom home. We are the land developer, the architect, the mortgage consultant, the home builder and even, to an extent, the interior designer. By marrying customization with production, we create great value for our customers. Our buyers can design their dream homes while we control the customization process and benefit from the economies of scale of high-volume home building. At Toll Architecture, we pre-design and pre-budget the hundreds of structural options we offer. At Toll Integrated Systems, our manufacturing operation, we assemble wall panels, roof and floor trusses, windows and signature millwork in a factory-controlled environment to ensure quality. To increase profits and expand our brand, we are introducing communities that are more luxurious than ever before. We have recently opened seven large, master planned communities totaling nearly 9,300 home sites. We have three more comparable communities totaling over 3,500 home sites scheduled to open by 2002. In these large master plans, we are able to cross-market to the full range of luxury move-up and empty-nester buyers by offering in one location the wide array of Toll Brothers homes: estate, executive and villa lines of single-family homes and attached carriage homes and townhomes in numerous variations. We are introducing an active-adult community within one of our master plans and in three

communities we are selling lots to other builders for homes other than our own customized luxury product. These highly amenitized communities contain features such as clubhouses, fitness centers, preserved open space, pools, tennis courts and other recreational amenities. Nine have championship golf courses. One has a 170-acre recreational lake with a private beach and marina. Buyers are willing to pay more for a luxurious recreational lifestyle and, with so many product offerings, they are more likely to find the home of their dreams. As these communities reach full-scale production, over the next several years we believe they will have a significant positive impact on our revenues and profits. As we look to the future, our goals are clear and within view. We intend to enhance and expand our brand name and reputation as the nation's leading builder of luxury homes; to gain a larger share of the market in the affluent territories where we build; to enter new markets with strong growth potential; to maintain the financial discipline that has assured us access to capital; and to sustain our record of consistent, strong growth and profitability. We thank the many people who have made this year such a success: our shareholders for their patience and confidence in us, our home buyers who trust our company to deliver their dreams, and the entire Toll Brothers team, whose diligence and determination are unparalleled in the industry. Sincerely,

ROBERT I. TOLL

BRUCE E. TOLL

ZVI BARZILAY

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman December 12, 2000

President and Chief Operating Officer

Toll Brothers

2

Annual Report

