The Malvern Chateau at Brandywine Hunt Wilmington, Delaware

mid-2003. That period was an excellent one for our Company. Our revenues rose five-fold and our earnings grew seven-fold. We grew despite the NASDAQ implosion, a terrorist attack, a national recession and several global financial crises. In 1995, 1997 and 2000, the Fed raised interest rates, and mortgage rates rose to 9.2%, 8.2% and 8.6%, respectively; today they are at 6%. Based on our performance in those periods, we don't believe interest rates at 6% or at 7.5% are deterrents for our affluent buyers. Toll Brothers is on track for growth as we continue to increase our community count. We expect to end FY 2006 with approximately 265 selling communities, 35 more than we started the year with. To achieve this, we project completing sales at about 110 communities, and opening about 145. New communities generally are greeted with pent-up demand and have a wide array of home sites to choose from, while those where we are completing sales have a more limited selection. Based on our community growth and assuming a healthy rate of demand, we also anticipate record results in FY 2007. We look to the future with cautious optimism. We believe demand for luxury homes relies, in large measure, on consumer confidence, which suffered following Hurricane Katrina and its impact. In the aftermath speculative buyers fled, contributing to what we believe is temporary excess industry inventory in what had been some of the hottest housing markets. We've experienced this before. In late 2004, in Las Vegas, speculative buyers also fled the market, increasing the supply of inventory. This also occurred around 2000 in the San Francisco area, after that economy was hurt by the tech implosion. Both markets returned to normalcy in relatively short order. This year, unfortunately, holders of our stock endured a roller coaster ride: We began our fiscal year at $23.18 and ended at $36.91, up 57%; but this was 37% below our high of $58.67. * We repurchased about 2% of our stock over the course of the fiscal year with nearly 2 million shares purchased in our fourth quarter. We believe that the fundamentals of supply and demand will prevail. The current economy is stronger than during the last recession, which did not shut down demand for our homes, nor impair our ability to

The Windham at The Enclave at Broadlands Broomfield, Colorado

We begin our twentieth year as a public company having just completed our best year ever with record results in every category: Net income rose 97% over FY 2004 to $806.1 million Earnings per share rose 90% to $4.78 Total revenues rose 50% to $5.79 billion Contracts rose 27% to $7.15 billion Backlog at year end rose 36% to $6.01 billion Return on beginning-year equity reached 42% Fiscal 2005's 97% earnings growth came on top of FY 2004's 57% earnings growth. And that was preceded by 17 years of 20% compound average annual net income growth, dating back to 1986, when we went public. These results have been primarily achieved through organic expansion, rather than through acquiring other builders. Although demographics-driven demand has been a significant factor in our success, we attribute much of our accomplishment to our great team of 5,600 associates. Their commitment; our nationwide expansion; our ability to find and entitle well-located land in highly regulated markets; our brand name; and our skill at delivering the expanding variety of luxury homes we offer--suburban move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, resort-style communities, and urban low-, mid- and high-rise product--all have enabled us to significantly broaden our customer base and gain market share. This combination has led to our growth in size and profitability.

We operate in an increasingly lot-constrained environment, driven by growing regulation and exacerbated by anti-growth NIMBY (not-in-mybackyard) politics. This is particularly true in our affluent market. As land supply constraints get tighter, we believe that the U.S. may begin to mirror Europe where people spend a much greater portion of their incomes for housing and get much smaller homes. In this environment, we believe we are positioned to prosper. We have over 440 communities in the approval or development process, and now control more than 83,000 home sites, compared to about 60,000 at FYE 2004. These home sites represent a five-to-six year supply, based on our historical 20% annual rate of growth. Looking forward, we believe FY 2006 should be our fourteenth consecutive year of record earnings, although we will not be able to match the extraordinary pace of the past two years. To some extent, the temporary slowdown in our growth arises from our own success. We delivered more than 600 homes in FY 2005 that we thought we would deliver in FY 2006. We also have backlogs of 12 months or more at about 35 communities; as a result, we have temporarily stopped selling homes in these communities. In addition, the housing market has softened. The home price increases of 2004 and most of 2005 were not sustainable; they were fueled, in part, by speculation. Our sales results indicate that housing demand is returning to the more normalized levels of the decade from 1994 to

set records each year. Affluent households continue to grow in wealth and numbers. The Fed appears to be approaching the end of a period of 13 interest rate increases, with mortgage rates still quite attractive by historical standards. And household growth is projected to accelerate. Based on these factors, our luxury focus, proven management team, projected community count growth, land position, diversity of product offerings, and our strong brand and financial base, we look forward to future growth. We thank our shareholders for their support and commitment; our contractor- and supplier-partners, whose skill and craftsmanship help build our brand; our customers, who place their dreams in our hands; and our associates who have made this year so exceptional and our Company so strong.

ROBERT I. TOLL

BRUCE E. TOLL

ZVI BARZILAY

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman of the Board

President and Chief Operating Officer

December 14, 2005

From left to right: Zvi Barzilay, Robert I. Toll, Bruce E. Toll

*Stock prices are adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split in 2005.

T O L L B R O T H E R S 2 0 0 5 A N N U A L R E P O RT 4

T O L L B R O T H E R S 2 0 0 5 A N N U A L R E P O RT 5

