Dear Shareholder
"...Toll's enviable decade-long growth... compares favorably with that of technology giants Oracle, Microsoft and Cisco Systems..."

Barron's February 10, 2003

I

n fiscal 2003, we achieved our 11th consecutive year of record earnings, our 12th consecutive year of record revenues and our 13th consecutive year of record contracts. Revenues of $2.78 billion rose 19%, net income of $259.8 million rose 18% and contracts of $3.49 billion rose 27% compared to fiscal year 2002.

We ended the year with great momentum. Our fourth-quarter results were the best of any quarter in our history for revenues, earnings, contracts and backlog. Fourth-quarter revenues of $903.4 million increased 28% and net income of $93.4 million increased 35% compared to the same period of fiscal 2002. Our backlog of $2.64 billion grew by 41% and increased in all six of our geographic regions, and our fourth-quarter contracts of $1.02 billion rose by 55% compared to fourth quarter fiscal 2002.

Demand for luxury homes remains intense as high-income households compete for the limited supply of new homes in upscale markets. Strong demographics, improving consumer confidence and lot supply constraints, induced by no-growth politics, favor those companies with the capital and expertise to control land and secure the necessary governmental approvals to permit development and construction. We ended fiscal 2003 with a record 200 selling communities and plan to reach approximately 225 by fiscal year-end 2004. We now control more than 48,000 lots, a fiveto six-year supply based on our current pace of growth, and thus are well-positioned for the future. We expect to produce more than $3.3 billion in home building revenues and deliver more than 6,000 homes in fiscal 2004,

2

TOLL BROTHERS 2003

compared to 4,911 homes in fiscal 2003. With an expanding community count and lot supply, we believe we are on track for 20% plus growth in net income in fiscal 2004 and similar growth in fiscal 2005. Such growth would be consistent with our historical performance. Since going public in 1986, we have produced compound average annual growth in net income and revenues of 20%, and raised our community count every year. We serve the sweet spot in the luxury market and are the only major builder focused primarily on the upscale niche. Our average delivered home price in fiscal 2003 was $556,000, a price affordable to the 15.7 million U.S. households with $100,000 plus incomes. In constant 2002 dollars, this group has grown over 220% since 1980, compared to 35% for U.S. households in total. In the past two decades, the unemployment rate for affluent Americans has held at half the rate of the nation in general, which suggests that our buyers are less affected by the economy's volatility. By targeting the increasing numbers of affluent baby boomers, and by offering them move-up, empty-nester and resort-style communities with lakes, golf courses and other recreational amenities, we have grown our market share among this expanding group. By introducing new product lines, such as active-adult, second-home and urban in-fill communities, we have increased our growth opportunities. We have concentrated on expanding the Toll Brothers brand, which has become associated with fine quality, excellent value and unsurpassed customer service. We believe this brand value has increased demand for our homes and translated into additional profits. In fiscal 2003, we strengthened our balance sheet and capital base in preparation for future expansion. We raised $550 million in the investment-grade senior debt market and retired $200 million of more expensive, shorter-term debt, thus
*Calculated as total debt minus mortgage warehouse loans minus cash divided by total debt minus mortgage warehouse loans minus cash plus stockholders' equity.

lengthening the average maturity of our outstanding debt to seven years. We increased stockholders' equity by $347 million, or 31%, to $1.48 billion, including an $86 million equity offering. We reduced our fiscal year-end leverage ratio (net debt to capital)* to 41%--our lowest level since 1991, when we were just one-tenth our current size. We believe we are in the strongest financial position in our history. By offering a diverse selection of products, we continue to increase our presence in our existing markets and to broaden our operations in new territories. We operate in 21 states and 44 markets. In 2003, we expanded internally from Las Vegas into Reno, Nevada, and also into Jacksonville, Florida, via the acquisition of Richard R. Dostie, Inc., the premier home builder in the Jacksonville market. We also acquired The Manhattan Building Company, now known as "City Living by Toll Brothers," an innovative developer of luxury mid- and high-rise condominiums on the affluent northern New Jersey waterfront. City Living represents a major expansion of our latest product diversification--urban development. With the opening this year of our first two communities--in Providence, Rhode Island and the metro Chicago market--we are already having success in the urban in-fill low-rise market. City Living should jumpstart our expansion into the urban mid- and high-rise condominium markets. Our initial focus is on northern New Jersey, which offers spectacular views of Manhattan, and where we already have

"Despite recent turmoil in the financial markets, the number of families earning at least $100,000 will climb... to 20 million by the end of this decade...This is up from 9 million in 1990."

The Conference Board October, 2003

Left to right:

Zvi Barzilay
President and COO

Robert I. Toll
Chairman of the Board and CEO

Bruce E. Toll
Vice Chairman of the Board

TOLL BROTHERS 2003

3

"By 2010, older boomers will be in their peak wealth years and younger boomers will be in their peak-earning ages..."

a very significant brand name in the luxury residential market. We control approximately 1,500 units for midand high-rise residences along northern New Jersey's beautiful waterfront, and intend to aggressively pursue similar opportunities in other growing urban markets. We believe the urban development market offers tremendous opportunities for growth. We see great demand from affluent buyers for dramatic residences in exciting urban locations. Many young professionals are drawn to the appeal of city lights and many maturing baby boomers are electing an urban lifestyle instead of, or in addition to, the Sun Belt. Cities are pro-growth; therefore supportive government policies and positive local efforts lead to development. Since March 2003, our stock price has more than doubled, as investors have begun to take notice of the record results and profitability Toll Brothers has steadily produced. We have proven we can grow when interest rates are rising, as we did in 1995, 1997 and 2000. More recently, nearly three years into the worst employment slump since World War II, we have proven we can grow through a period of economic recession and global political uncertainty. Even with our potential and our track record of 20% compound average annual growth, our price/earnings ratio, and those of the other major public home building companies, are still, on average, just half that of the S&P 500. Given the prospects of our Company and the other public home building companies, we believe there is significant opportunity for investors in this environment. With the possibility of economic recovery, job growth and improved consumer confidence on the horizon, we believe the outlook for Toll Brothers and our industry is bright. The remarkable consistency in home value appreciation during the past 30 years has convinced buyers that new homes in desirable, well-planned communities are reliable and secure long-term investments. In contrast to

the volatile financial markets, new homes also are investments owners can live in and enjoy. This is a compelling story and Americans are more willing than ever to invest in a new home. As we look to the future, we are very optimistic. We are encouraged by the supply of new communities we are taking through our approval pipelines, our growth in the regions where we are now well-established and the reception we receive as we enter into new territories. We are excited by the new product lines we have introduced, by our expanding brand name and by the quality of the homes we are bringing to a growing population. Most of all, we are thrilled as we watch the Toll Brothers family grow. We see those who have been with us for 5, 10, 20 and even 30 years thrive, teach and learn from a new generation of associates, who bring vitality, enthusiasm and fresh ideas to a company whose culture has encouraged innovation and entrepreneurship for over 36 years. We thank our home buyers, our shareholders and our contractor and supplier partners for their continued support. And we especially thank our associates, who continue to make us proud of their commitment, diligence and dedication to making your homes and your Company the best.

Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University 2003

ROBERT I. TOLL

BRUCE E. TOLL

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman of the Board

ZVI BARZILAY

President and Chief Operating Officer December 12, 2003

4

TOLL BROTHERS 2003

