"Most economists (including Alan Greenspan) argue that [home] price increases rest on a sturdy foundation: low interest rates, strong demographics and a tight supply of homes. Large, publicly traded home builders like Toll Brothers...control a bigger piece of the new-home market than they did in the last recession, and they're better capitalized and better managed than smaller builders, reducing the risks of overbuilding."
Newsweek · August 26, 2002

Dear Shareholders,
For a fiscal year that began in the shadow of September 11th, Toll Brothers' performance in 2002 far exceeded our expectations. Despite an economy mired in recession, we produced:
 Our tenth consecutive year of record earnings  Our eleventh consecutive year of record revenues  Our twelfth consecutive year of record contracts  Our highest year-end backlog ever

Heading into the home stretch in fiscal 2002, we continued to gain momentum as we achieved:
 A fourth-quarter record for contracts, up 34% versus 2001  A fourth-quarter record for backlog, up 32% versus 2001  The highest earnings and revenues for any quarter in our history

In the face of a faltering stock market, and perhaps partly because of it, demand for our luxury homes remained strong. We believe that poor returns on alternative investments, and very low returns on cash, motivated customers to buy a new home to enhance their lifestyle as well as for a reliable and stable investment.
Left to right: Zvi Barzilay, President and COO Robert I. Toll, Chairman of the Board and CEO Bruce E. Toll, Vice Chairman of the Board

With home prices continuing to rise, concerns emerged regarding the risk of a "housing bubble." As this notion gained attention, the price of our stock and those of the other public home building companies declined. We believe that rising home prices in 2002 were not the result of a speculative bubble; rather, they were caused by strong, demographics-driven demand colliding with a shortage of building lots due to no-growth politics and increasing governmental regulatory constraints. Demand in our niche of the luxury market was buoyed by a low 3%* unemployment rate among affluent, white-collar workers and continuing growth of high-earning families: there are now more than 15 million households with incomes of $100,000 or more, in constant 2001 dollars, compared to 8.6 million in 1991. In contrast to the late 1980s, when our industry could and did overbuild in response to strong demand, home builders have not done so this time. In fact, the supply of available new unsold "spec" homes remains near all-time record lows. One reason is the limit placed on supply by the regulatory process. Another is the increasing dominance of the industry by the major public home building companies: firms with seasoned management teams and sophisticated planning capabilities.
*Census Bureau unemployment rate for job category: Managerial and Professional Specialty Occupations

2 : : Toll Brothers 2002 Annual Report

The largest public home building companies have produced excellent results both leading up to and throughout this recession. Even though single-family housing production has remained at near-constant levels for the past ten years, we've continued to grow by gaining market share. With reliable access to public and bank capital markets, the ability to control large quantities of home sites and the skills to navigate complex political and regulatory land approval processes, the large public home building companies have become less cyclical firms. With this attractive investment profile, we believe the stocks of these companies, which today are trading at six to seven times current-year projected earnings, could be valued at double or triple these price/earnings multiples as the market comes to recognize their reduced cyclicality, greater dependability and excellent growth potential. Toll Brothers is a prime example: without any major acquisitions, we have produced compound average annual earnings and revenue growth of 20% since going public sixteen years ago. In the last five years alone, we have doubled our revenues and tripled our earnings through a period that has included rising interest rates (in 1999 and 2000), the stock market crash, a recession, the tragedies of September 11th and several international financial crises. Experts project that the combination of new household formations, demand for new second homes and the need to replace obsolete housing stock will propel demand for new housing nationwide to 1.7 million units per year during this decade. With the growth constraints on supply, we believe home prices will continue to rise and those large building companies that can win approvals and control home sites will continue to gain market share. Based on trends that show Americans desiring larger and more highly amenitized homes, we believe growing waves of maturing baby boomers reaching their peak earning years and increasing numbers of immigrants seeking to participate in the American dream will increase demand for luxury homes. As the only national home building company focused primarily on the luxury market, Toll Brothers is positioned to prosper as we expand our presence in the luxury market.

In what we believe will be an increasingly lot-constrained environment ­ particularly in the upscale markets where we build ­ we have demonstrated our ability to control land, to gain approvals, and to open new communities. In fiscal 2002, we increased the number of lots we own or control to nearly 41,000, which will help us continue to capture greater market share, diversify geographically and expand our move-up, empty-nester, active-adult and second-home product lines. We enter fiscal 2003 with 170 selling communities, the most in our history, and our largest year-end backlog ever. At $1.87 billion, this backlog equals 82% of FY 2002's home building revenues. We believe this pipeline, totaling nearly 3,400 homes, positions us to produce record home building revenues of at least $2.6 billion (approximately 5,000 home deliveries) in 2003. And with a projected community count of approximately 185 by fiscal year end 2003, we believe we can produce home building revenues of more than $3 billion (approximately 6,000 home deliveries) in 2004, assuming current demand. Home building has been an oasis of growth in an otherwise weak economy. Although an improved economy would likely lead to higher interest rates, we believe the benefits to our industry of improved consumer confidence and renewed job growth will far outweigh the impact of a rise in rates. With our land supply, management strength, unique customization systems and high-volume production techniques, we believe we are well prepared for the future. To continue to flourish, we will seek to maintain the balance between caution and opportunity that has enabled us to achieve the industry's highest standards of profitability and quality. We thank our shareholders and our customers for their ongoing support and our associates, whose diligence and determination are the cornerstones of your Company's success.

ROBERT I. TOLL

BRUCE E. TOLL

ZVI BARZILAY

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman of the Board December 12, 2002

President and Chief Operating Officer

Toll Brothers 2002 Annual Report : : 3

