dear shareholders
 4 5

We believe our strong liquidity positions us to manage through the downturn and take advantage of opportunities that will arise in this market. At the end of Fiscal Year 2008, we had nearly $3 billion of liquidity, including more than $1.63 billion in cash and $1.32 billion available under our 32-bank credit facility, which matures in March 2011.

With forty-one years in the home building business, we have seen tough times before, but this year has been the toughest. For the first time in Toll Brothers' history as a public company, after 22 consecutive profitable years, we reported a fiscal year loss -- $297.8 million, or $1.88 per share diluted -- which was driven by $848.9 million in pretax write-downs, or $529.8 million posttax. Before write-downs, however, FY 2008 net income was $232.0 million. Although we were one of just two U.S. public home building companies to be profitable before write-downs and although we ended FY 2008 with the highest market capitalization among the U.S. public home building companies, these milestones offered little consolation. As we have during previous downturns, we are doing our best to navigate through these very tough times by focusing on our balance sheet and maintaining significant liquidity while searching for opportunities that we expect will arise from the industry's current distress. We are beginning to see some deals that are appealing in terms of quality but not price. We believe our strong capital position will give us an advantage in competing for deals at the appropriate time. We ended FY 2008 with over $1.63 billion in cash, or about $10.19 per share, and more than $1.32 billion available under our 32-bank credit facility, which matures in March 2011. We have no public debt maturing until February of 2011. Our net debt-tocapital ratio* at FYE 2008 stood at 12.6%, our lowest level ever, compared to 26.8% at FYE 2007. And our stockholders' equity at FYE 2008 was $3.24 billion, compared to $3.53 billion at FYE 2007. The most frustrating aspect of FY 2008 was that the longer it went, the worse it got -- this, no doubt, was due largely to the financial crisis that deepened over the course of the year, especially since mid-September. Until the last six weeks of our FY 2008, fourth-quarter net contracts were shaping up to be about the same in units and dollars as FY 2007's. However, the preliminary signs of stability we had seen and discussed with the public in early September were upended by the financial crisis. The turmoil that ensued accelerated fears of all kinds among potential buyers and precipitated a further decline in consumer confidence, a significant credit crunch, increased capital market disruption, and plummeting stock market values. These factors all contributed to reverse an improving trend and to drive our cancellations in the fourth quarter up to 233 units (about 30% of FY 2008 fourth-quarter contracts, or 9% of beginning-quarter backlog) from 195 units (about 19% of FY 2008 third-quarter contracts, or 6% of beginning-quarter backlog) in the previous quarter.

Cash

Funds Available Under Bank Credit Facility

liquidity
At FYE October 31, (In Millions)

* Calculated as total debt minus mortgage warehouse loans minus cash divided by total debt minus mortgage warehouse loans minus cash plus stockholders' equity.

2nd home

The maturing of the baby boom generation points to solid long-term demand for second homes. Our second homes may be in cities, destination locations reached by air, or weekend retreats accessible by car. Whether in an urban high-rise, on a golf course, at the ocean, in the mountains, or in the desert, we aim to appeal to the broadest number of luxury second-home buyers across the spectrum.

The savino at Montevista Phoenix, az

FY 2008 revenues of $3.16 billion declined 32% from FY 2007. Looking forward, we see FY 2009 as another difficult year. With our FY 2008 net signed contracts of $1.61 billion down 47% from FY 2007 and our FYE 2008 backlog of $1.33 billion down 54% from FYE 2007, we expect that FY 2009 revenues will be significantly below those of FY 2008. We currently estimate that we will deliver between 2,000 and 3,000 homes in FY 2009 at an average delivered price of between $600,000 and $625,000 per home. Faced with slower sales paces, we have been cutting back our number of communities. We ended FY 2008 with 273 selling communities, down from 315 at FYE 2007. We expect to end FY 2009 with approximately 255 (or fewer) communities, which would be down 22% from 325 communities at our peak at FY 2007's second-quarter end. We have also continued to reduce our land position over the past year from 59,250 lots owned or controlled at FYE 2007 to 39,800 at FYE 2008. We are focused on managing our investments in land and improvements and our overhead costs to match our reduced demand and our projected pace of production. Opening fewer new communities enables us to slow our land development expenditures and conserve cash for other opportunities. Although not spread proportionately across all our regions, approximately 14,000 of our lots, approximately 2,000 of which are committed in backlog, are already substantially improved. This means we do not need to continue to spend as much money as we otherwise would to bring these lots to market. On the national level, housing starts have sunk to their lowest level since the U.S. Census began tracking the data in 1959. Although builders have essentially eliminated speculative production -- starting a home without a committed buyer -- the supply of unsold inventory still stands near record levels as new and existing home sales remain near historic lows while foreclosures add to available inventory. Many experts have suggested that falling home prices are at the root of the current financial crisis and that stabilization of home prices will help stem foreclosures, shore up the value of mortgage-backed securities, and ultimately stabilize the balance sheets of the world's financial institutions.

 6

7

Reportedly, there are over $11.3 trillion of U.S. home mortgages outstanding, about 22% or $2.5 trillion (that's two-thousand five-hundred billion) of which are in some form of distress. This is the scale of the problem that must be addressed. We believe the U.S. government should focus on stabilizing home prices by increasing demand by encouraging buyers to come off the sidelines. This should help reduce excess inventory and get the economy moving again. According to the National Association of Realtors®, improved housing affordability is now at a level comparable to the start of the last housing recovery in early 1991. Some experts have argued that, with mortgage rates and home prices plunging, affordability levels are better than at any time in the past several decades. However, one can only take advantage of a buyer's market if one buys. Two days before Thanksgiving 2008, the U.S. government announced a plan to aid the housing market by stating its willingness to pump hundreds of billions of dollars into the mortgage market, an action that significantly lowered mortgage rates immediately. We hope this initiative, which is a positive first step, combined with already dramatically improved affordability, will be a catalyst to stimulate customer demand. Most recently, as we write this, there is discussion about a further U.S. government initiative to provide mortgage loans with rates of 4.5% to people buying homes, but not for refinancing. These are rates that buyers may not have seen since 1956. A program such as this, assuming buyers have the equity to meet its guidelines, should go a long way toward soaking up excess inventories and, therefore, putting a floor under home prices. Low interest rates clearly help affordability! As we look to the future, we see reduced competition from the small and mid-sized private builders who are our primary competitors in the luxury market. Their access to capital already appears to be severely constrained. We envision that, in the future, there will be fewer and more selective lenders serving our industry. We believe those lenders likely will gravitate to the home building companies that offer them the greatest security, the strongest balance sheets, and the broadest array of potential business opportunities. We believe a less crowded playing field, combined with attractive long-term demographics, will reward those wellcapitalized builders who can persevere through the current challenging environment. We thank our shareholders, suppliers, and contractors who have been alongside us during this difficult year. Most of all, we thank our co-workers, the tremendously hard-working and dedicated Toll Brothers team across the United States, for their great efforts.

Robert I. Toll Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
L-R: Zvi Barzilay Robert I. Toll Bruce E. Toll

Bruce E. Toll Vice Chairman of the Board

Zvi Barzilay President and Chief Operating Officer

December 4, 2008

