T R I NIT Y'S CONS TRUCTION PRODUCT S GROUP

Trinity's Construction Products Group includes leading suppliers of concrete and aggregates in Texas and neighboring states and the only full-line U.S. manufacturer of highway guardrail and crash cushions.
Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company is a leading concrete and materials supplier in Texas. It also has plants in Arkansas and Louisiana. Trinity Materials, Inc., a leading producer and distributor of aggregates, owns mining operations in Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana that produce sand, gravel, and limestone base. Armor Materials, Inc. is a leading provider in East Texas of asphalt construction and base products mixed to customer specifications. Trinity Highway Products, LLC is the only full-line manufacturer of highway guardrail and crash cushions in the United States. Its product line features several proprietary products including end terminals, crash cushions, and a cable barrier guardrail system. These energy-absorbing devices are installed along highways in the United States and more than 36 countries worldwide.

CO N D E NSED MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Trinity delivered solid results in 2008 despite the dramatic downturn in the world economy during the fall. Our annual revenues were the highest in the company's history and our earnings were the second highest. We expect 2009 to be a very challenging year. We are carefully monitoring the markets in which our businesses compete and right-sizing as appropriate based upon the market outlook for each. We have streamlined our annual report this year as part of an enterprise-wide cost reduction program. You will find a more comprehensive shareholder letter at www.trin.net/shareholderletter.

Timothy R. Wallace Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
CEO and CFO Certifications In 2008,Trinity's chief executive officer (CEO) provided to the New York Stock Exchange the annual CEO certification regarding Trinity's compliance with the New York Stock Exchange's corporate governance listing standards. In addition, Trinity's CEO and chief financial officer filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission all required certifications regarding the quality of Trinity's public disclosures in its fiscal 2008 reports.

4

