                                         To St. Paul Travelers Shareholders,
The year 2003 was significant for The St. Paul Companies and Travelers Property Casualty
for many reasons — most notably, for our decision to combine both companies, creating
St. Paul Travelers. Our merger transaction was premised on the combination of two well- positioned companies to create one of great strength. We firmly believe that as a result, we have the opportunity to create a new entity that will be much more than the sum of its former parts.
Throughout 2003, Travelers and The St. Paul each implemented business strategies focused on long-term, profitable growth with leading independent agents and brokers. We enjoyed generally favorable market conditions, which resulted in successful execution of both companies’ strategies.
For the year ended Dec. 31, 2003:
• Travelers Property Casualty produced a very strong performance, with net income of $1.7 billion. This generated a return on shareholders’ equity of 15.3 percent for the year.
• The St. Paul Companies delivered improved results in ongoing businesses but continued to be impacted by prior-year reserve issues largely related to runoff businesses. The company produced net income of $661 million and returned 10.6 percent on shareholders’ equity for the year.
Jay S. Fishman Robert I. Lipp
President & CEO Chairman
St. Paul Travelers Companies 2003 Annual Report 1
 
                                        2
The St. Paul – Travelers Merger
When we began our discussions with respect to the merger in the summer of 2003, we quickly became enthusiastic at the prospect of bringing our companies together. Looking broadly at the property casualty insurance landscape, we saw a window of opportunity to combine two strong carriers with exceptional talent and complementary product offerings, geographic reach and corporate cultures. We anticipated that, with careful planning and disciplined execution, we would have the potential to realize $350 million in annualized expense savings, as well as significant economies of scale, following the merger’s close. Also, in the near term, we knew that we could expand existing distribution relationships to realize revenue gains. Early evidence confirms our initial optimism on both points.
Longer term, we have the opportunity to demonstrate the value of our franchise to our agents and brokers. We believe that our distributors’ businesses will become more productive and profitable as they expand their relationship with St. Paul Travelers. This should ultimately help us gain market share in a disciplined and profitable manner.
St. Paul Travelers Competitive Advantages
• On a pro forma basis, St. Paul Travelers had total revenues of $23.7 billion for 2003, which place us among the 100 largest U.S. companies. Based on 2002 direct written premium data published by A.M. Best, we are the second-largest writer of commercial insurance in the United States, with a No. 1 or No. 2 position in 35 of 50 states. Based on the same data, we are also the second-largest writer of personal insurance through independent agents countrywide. That said, we still have ample opportunity to grow. In an industry where size matters, we believe that our capitalization and geographic reach place us at a distinct advantage relative to smaller competitors due to our increased ability to diversify risk across industries, products and geographic regions.
Our increased size and our level of combined earnings potential will also better position us to absorb the shocks to which our industry is prone, both natural and man-made. They will also allow us to make increased investments in the technology, training and people that provide us the opportunity to maintain the leading-edge competitive advantages that we deliver to agents and brokers. Finally, our size and strength should allow us to rely less
on reinsurance, which we believe to be a meaningful competitive advantage.
• We believe that insurance carriers’ success will increasingly be driven by their ability to build effective partnerships with key agents and brokers, and we believe St. Paul Travelers is well-positioned to be the market of choice for our distribution force. As a result of our merger, we are able to bring together the best of two outstanding organizations to offer agents superior expertise in underwriting, risk management and claims management for a wide variety of both standard and specialty commercial risks. Coupled with a strong field management staff, strong brand names and award-winning systems, we have a great deal to offer our key distributors.
Most importantly, we believe long-term success in our industry comes from listening to
our distributors, working closely with them, and investing in processes that help them grow their businesses. Our intention is not to use our size to leverage our agency partners, but to create new opportunities for them to leverage our resources and grow their share of business with us.

                                        • The key to delivering effective coverage, risk management and claims handling solutions is our people. One of the many reasons we are so excited about the merger is the opportunity it offers to bring together two terrific groups of insurance professionals. St. Paul Travelers is fortunate to have the best talent from many predecessor companies, in addition to Travelers Property Casualty and The St. Paul Companies. These include individuals from Aetna’s property-casualty operations and USF&G, as well as some recent additions from Kemper, Atlantic Mutual and Royal & SunAlliance. This melting pot of talent has created a team of professionals with a wealth of experience and diversity of perspective.
We believe in the corporate philosophy of meritocracy — by which we mean recognizing and rewarding superior performance from our people. Independently, both companies employed detailed metrics to assess the results of each operation, and this performance measurement system will continue to be a fundamental tool for our new company. We believe this commitment to recognizing and rewarding profitable performance will continue to attract the best and brightest talent in our industry and will contribute to our bottom-line performance.
• Disciplined execution is central to our company’s strategy. Our business leaders pride themselves on employing a series of unique, home-grown tools to identify business that is likely to deliver appropriate returns over the long term. We believe in pricing products at sound levels, understanding that in the short term, this may mean passing up business that does not meet our guidelines. An important part of our commitment to being a growth partner for our agents and brokers is ensuring that we position ourselves to remain a healthy market, which our agents can count on consistently over the long term. In addition, we believe that maintaining a low expense ratio helps position us to compete in the marketplace while delivering attractive returns to shareholders. We will continue to cultivate a culture of expense discipline among our employees, most of whom are also shareholders, and encourage them to always “spend money as if it were your own.”
• We believe in always doing more, and delivering more than expected. This commitment extends to all those we touch through our work – our shareholders, our customers, our agents and brokers, our colleagues and the communities in which we do business. We have expanded our commitment to investing in the quality of life in the communities in which we do business, and our overall corporate giving will exceed $15 million in 2004. In addition to our corporate giving program, we encourage and enable employees to make volunteerism and charitable giving a part of their work life. As a result, in 2003 our employees contributed substantially of their own resources and volunteered thousands of hours in support of non- profit organizations that invest in human potential and help make our communities better places in which to live and work.
Outlook
Looking ahead, we enjoy an unprecedented opportunity to focus on expanding our company’s business. We expect our increased size and expert underwriting, claims handling and risk management resources to enable St. Paul Travelers to grow profitably. Overall, our goal remains to deliver top-tier returns on our shareholders’ equity over the long term.
We expect market conditions to remain favorable for the remainder of 2004. While we expect a moderation of 2003’s double-digit premium growth, the combination of current rate levels and anticipated loss trends should continue to generate attractive margins in our businesses.
St. Paul Travelers Companies 2003 Annual Report 3

                                                4
Legislative issues will continue to have the potential to impact our company significantly. Asbestos litigation remains a serious concern, and we urge Congress to pass legislation to stop the tide of spurious lawsuits and ensure that adequate funds are available to compensate those who have truly been harmed. Extension of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act is necessary to ensure the continued availability of terrorism coverage and workers’ compensation coverage. In our view, these are issues that go beyond the scope of the insurance industry, with the potential to impact the national economy as a whole. St. Paul Travelers will take an active role in seeking passage of common-sense legislation in these and other areas.
In closing, we would like to thank the people who made our merger possible. Our employees have done, and continue to do, an exemplary job of taking care of business and staying focused on customers during a demanding integration process. We understand that since
we announced the merger in mid-November, employees have been working diligently, sometimes under difficult conditions, with a commitment to getting the job done right. Without their support, this extraordinary opportunity would not be possible.
Our directors have offered invaluable counsel and support at critical junctures. The boards of The St. Paul Companies and Travelers Property Casualty worked exceptionally hard and demonstrated a high degree of professionalism and a sincere concern for all constituents involved in the merger. We thank them for their continuing service and wise counsel.
The support we have received from our agents and brokers for our direction and strategy has been encouraging. Our business partners are the best in the industry, and many of them have spent considerable time giving us advice and guidance to ensure that we accomplish our mission with success. We thank them for their time and input.
Finally, we thank our shareholders for their continuing commitment to our vision: to be the company that always works hard to come through.
Robert I. Lipp Jay S. Fishman
Chairman President & CEO June 1, 2004
