                                          To Our Shareholders:
In 2006, Travelers demonstrated its ability to deliver profitable growth and solidified its position as a lead- ing U.S. property casualty insurer in the independent agency channel. Our focus this year has been on increasing our importance to our distributors and customers, through improving our responsiveness and accessibility.
For the year, Travelers recorded $4.2 billion of net and operating income, producing approximately an 18 percent return on equity. While some of this year’s strong financial performance can be attributed to benign weather, underlying underwriting results contributed prominently by sustaining attractive margins. Investment income was also a major con- tributor to our results, driven by increased invested assets and higher short-term interest rates.
We achieved these results through the persistent, focused efforts of our employees and distributors, and we appreciate all they have done to produce such a positive outcome.
The hard work of the last three years to integrate two complex organizations is now complete. We have talented and experienced insurance profes- sionals in the right positions, and we are single- mindedly focused on what matters: maintaining the confidence of our distributors and the satisfaction of our customers.
This year also marked an important turning point in our company’s evolution. We are now in a position to produce attractive returns and at the same time continue to make the necessary investments to maintain and enhance our competitive position and provide improved service to our distributors and customers.
“As an insurer, we provide a safety net for
our customers by absorbing the volatility that individuals and businesses cannot afford. Our company is in a great financial and competitive position to respond to evolving risks effectively and to seize the resulting opportunities.”
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
When suitable, profitable opportunities to utilize capital are not present, we have committed to return capital to our shareholders. To that end, in May 2006, we announced a 13 percent increase in our quarterly dividend to 26 cents per share,
as well as a $2 billion share repurchase program. As of year-end 2006, the company had repurchased $1.1 billion of its stock under the program, or approximately 3 percent of outstanding common shares. Most recently, our Board approved an additional $3 billion increase to our share repur- chase program. These actions reflect our financial strength and disciplined underwriting, which are the hallmarks of our company.
The Winds of Change
Our business and the businesses and lives of our customers are never static. Fundamentally, there will always be change, generating new risks that require our response – that is the nature of insurance. As an insurer, we provide a safety net for our customers by absorbing the volatility that individuals and businesses cannot afford. Our company is in a great financial and competitive position to respond to evolving risks effectively and to seize the resulting opportunities.
Our obligation to shareholders is to earn appropriate returns while assuming our customers’ exposures. In a year without a major catastrophe event, we are expected to thrive. It is incumbent upon us to build and maintain our financial strength, so that we possess the resources to respond when signif- icant events do occur. In fact, we operate under the assumption that it is not a matter of if a major event will happen but when.
01

                                          One of the major risks facing our industry is the changing climate. While we are fortunate that this past wind season came to a close without a serious event, we continue to heed the warnings of climate experts who indicate that we have entered an extended period in which the likelihood of severe weather conditions is greater than in the past. One benign wind season should not divert either our or the public’s attention from appropriate long-term planning and disaster preparedness.
In doing our part as a company, we are actively seek- ing opportunities to assist and educate current and potential customers, so they have the knowledge
to safeguard their businesses, homes and assets.
In one effort, our Risk Control department initiated a series of business continuity planning workshops for commercial policyholders in catastrophe-prone regions. In another, we are providing strong support to the Institute of Business and Home Safety to promote long-term property damage mitigation strategies. Also, we are the sole insurance spon- sor for the National Hurricane Survival Initiative, which promotes hurricane preparedness through multiple advertising media.
Addressing the risks of a changing climate requires a comprehensive response that will include enforc- ing stricter building codes, committing to prudent land-use planning, improving construction technol- ogy and acknowledging the true costs of coastal development. We encourage the continued study of, and dialogue on, global warming and support the premise that action is needed to mitigate the cost of potentially more destructive weather patterns.
Opportunities for Growth
Travelers possesses an unparalleled expertise and breadth of capabilities that breed success in today’s competitive market. Even though we hold leading market positions in a number of the lines
of insurance in which we compete, we see ample opportunities to grow in a fragmented marketplace.
Across our organization, we are challenging the status quo by asking the tough question, “Why do we or do we not underwrite certain types of risks?” One focus is to identify new opportunities to provide insurance coverage for areas of the economy that are expanding at above-average rates. Given the changing nature of risk, we have to develop our product set to meet the evolving needs of our customers. We have found that through thoughtful product structuring and risk selection we are able to open new avenues of growth. For example, we now have a dedicated focus on the high-growth sector of medical tech- nology within our Technology business unit.
In certain cases, even when we do underwrite a particular risk, we have not always adequately pro- moted our capabilities. Through focused marketing strategies and events such as product fairs, we are making our products more accessible and market- able for our distributors, by actively communicating their benefits.
It is particularly powerful when we can translate a market leadership in one industry or product segment into growth prospects across our organization, by applying our expertise and working through our
     Taking an Active Role in Our Communities
To prepare the workforce of tomorrow, Travelers is contributing to community- based education initiatives today. In 2006, $2.3 million of the company’s $15.5 mil- lion grants to community organizations went to more than 70 projects nationwide to promote the achievement of post- secondary education for low-income and at-risk students.
According to the U.S. Department of Labor, nine out of 10 of the fastest growing jobs require some level of post-secondary education. At the same time, there is a
significant population of students who
are less likely to graduate from high school or to pursue further education. Seeing this as an important priority, the company provided funds and employee support to projects across the nation, particularly in Minnesota and Connecticut, that have a direct impact on keeping students in school and moving them towards higher education.
    02

                                          distributor network. For instance, our ability to help self-insuring large entities reduce workers’ compen- sation loss costs is second to none, so we are deploying that strength to other areas of our busi- ness to selectively pursue new opportunities.
To facilitate all of these strategies and to encourage the flow of knowledge across our organization, we made two structural changes during 2006. First, we realigned our commercial insurance businesses into two new segments – Business Insurance and Financial, Professional & International Insurance. This change was designed to both maximize our franchise potential and maintain our important focus on industry and product specialization. Second, we have formed a bridge between our national enterprise level and each local underwriting office by creating 14 Regional President positions and enhancing our Enterprise Development group, which provides centralized resources to enhance agents’ and customers’ experiences. The Regional Presidents are general managers of their geo- graphic regions, drawing upon their extensive local experience with distributors and customers. Their role is more than just sales; it is one of total cus- tomer management.
These regional leaders, supported by Enterprise Development, are changing the way we think about our business. Our perspective has evolved from an intense product focus to a “total solutions” view, which enables our distributors to access and mar- ket our full set of product and service capabilities. Since the Regional Presidents’ primary concern
is the success of the entire franchise rather than
specific goals of an individual unit, they have the authority to react to the economic and competitive demands unique to their regions. Simply put, they are ensuring that we deliver products and nurture relationships with the responsiveness of a regional carrier, while backing those local efforts with the resources of a leading national franchise.
Business Initiatives
Over the last few years, we have undertaken many significant initiatives to capitalize upon the scale, resources and reach that we enjoy as one of the leading national underwriters. One of these initia- tives, Quantum AutoSM, our sophisticated multivari- ate pricing product for personal auto insurance, has resulted in profitable growth that outpaced the broader market in 2006. The roll-out of this complex product was made possible by our depth of finan- cial, human and data resources.
In June 2006, we launched a national advertising campaign to clarify and strengthen our brand under a single name – Travelers – along with our tag line, “Insurance In-synch.SM” “In-synch” is more than an advertising slogan; it is a mindset and a commitment to operate in lockstep with our distrib- utors’ and customers’ needs. The campaign has had a galvanizing impact on our distributors and our employees.
Looking ahead, we understand that it is increasingly not just what we “manufacture” in terms of products, but also how we deliver both products and services that attract potential distributors and customers.
     In Saint Paul, the company makes contri- butions to the Minnesota Private College Fund, which supports low-income students pursuing teaching careers; the Metropolitan State University Foundation, which grants scholarships to low-income students; and the Council for Opportunity in Education, which educates students and families about the college process.
In Hartford, projects receiving grants included the Connecticut Pre-Engineering Program, a sponsor of mathematics, science,
technology and engineering programs; the Greater Hartford Consortium for Higher Education and its Career Beginnings pro- gram, which encourage young people to pursue their goal of attending college; and CONNTAC, which provides scholarships for adults who overcome obstacles to pur- sue higher education. The company sup- ports similar programs in several locations nationwide, including Baltimore, Chicago, Denver, New York and Southern California.
Wilson G. Bradshaw
Wilson G. Bradshaw
President of
Metropolitan State University
“When Travelers learned about our efforts
to convince under-served urban students that a college education is affordable and achievable, they stepped up with grants that demonstrate their commitment
to expanded college access.”
   03

                                          In one initiative, to improve performance at the point of sale, we are incorporating sales skills into the training of all new and seasoned insurance pro- fessionals. In another, we are maximizing the value embedded in our proprietary underwriting history to build industry-leading pricing segmentation, risk control and customer intelligence tools.
Conclusion
We believe we can outperform our competition in the property casualty insurance industry by executing on all fronts. To that end, we continue to focus on maximizing productivity, motivating and retaining employees, developing sustainable prod- uct advantages, driving out unnecessary costs and building a distribution model that encourages new business flow. These tactics will enable us to earn more of our customers’ and our distributors’ business without jeopardizing our profitability.
Our goals as a company remain consistent for the years to come. We will seek to grow market share organically where marketplace conditions are favorable; we are committed to returning capital to shareholders when appropriate, and we target mid- teen returns on equity over time. Ultimately, building and protecting shareholder capital is a primary responsibility.
In our broader community, Travelers will continue to be a desirable employer, dedicated to providing professional advancement and development opportunities so that we can attract and retain the best talent. As part of our commitment to corpo- rate citizenship, we are working to minimize our
impact on the environment, such as through our affiliation with the EPA’s Climate Leaders, and we are continuing our longstanding tradition of being actively involved in the communities in which we do business. Our employees are also doing their part. Year after year, they donate time and money to a multitude of social and civic causes, complementing our corporate giving program, which is focused on community development, education and the arts.
Before I close, I would like to thank all of our employees – nearly 33,000 strong – for their hard work and dedication and to thank our agents and brokers for their commitment to and partnership with Travelers in this ever-changing environment.
I also want to extend my personal thanks to our Board of Directors for their enthusiasm and counsel and to offer our gratitude and best wishes to Les Disharoon as he retires from our Board.
We had quite a year in 2006, and we fully intend to build upon this success in the future. We have begun 2007 on a high note by announcing the return of the familiar red umbrella trademark. Our agents and employees have expressed their enthu- siasm about Travelers once again being associated with this great American business icon – synony- mous with insurance protection and innovation. This gives us great momentum and energizes our pursuit of profitable, organic growth in 2007 and beyond.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
    Protecting the Environment – One Step, or Light Bulb, at a Time
The company received the EPA’s ENERGY STAR® designation for its two main office campuses in Saint Paul, Minn., and Hartford, Conn., for demonstrating superior energy performance. Partnering with ENERGY STAR, the company also encouraged customers and employees to “Take the Change a Light Pledge,” a pro- gram promoting a change from standard to energy-efficient compact, fluorescent light bulbs.
Travelers demonstrates in multiple ways how it does its part to protect and support the global environment. The commitment to being environmentally responsible encom- passes more than energy efficiency in one’s own operations. It involves encouraging customers and employees to consider their own impact and exhibiting leadership for other companies to follow.
Travelers is one of the first insurance companies to join the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Climate Leaders Partnership, an industry and government program which works with companies to develop greenhouse gas inventories and reduction strategies. The company is also a member of the Business Roundtable’s Climate RESOLVE program, which is a group of environmentally conscious com- panies working to manage their greenhouse gas emissions.
     04
