   TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
I am pleased to report that, in a year of significant challenges for our industry, we once again demonstrated the value of our consistent strategy of managing the company for the long term and focusing on producing top tier returns over time.
Our business is confronted with a number of uncertainties — the outlook for the economy in general and interest rates in particular, loss costs on the insurance products we sell, competitive dynamics in the marketplace and, perhaps the largest driver of uncertainty, the potential for continuing adverse weather patterns. We only succeed if we are prepared for what might be and are reliable time and again — especially under the most trying of circumstances. In this industry, being prepared requires years of thoughtful planning based on careful analysis of all available data and trends. That kind of patient and disciplined approach positions Travelers to deliver exceptional service for our customers and healthy returns for our shareholders.
Our response to Storm Sandy is a perfect example of our careful approach. The immense damage left in Sandy’s wake led to an extraordinary number of claims industry-wide, including by our policyholders. We responded quickly in the days following the storm, as nearly 5,000 of our employees, many of them also severely affected, helped many thousands more of our customers when they needed us most.
We accomplished this under very difficult circumstances. Several of our facilities in the affected areas were without power, and many of our employees and the infrastructure that supports them had
to be relocated literally overnight to temporary facilities. Gasoline was in short supply in the region, so we provisioned tanker trucks from unaffected areas to keep our claim professionals on the road. Our customers’ experiences were made better and our losses were mitigated by the fact that we responded to nearly every claim with our own employees, as opposed to relying on third-party adjusters as is common in the industry, particularly in such large events. This extraordinary response to such an extraordinary event requires experienced, talented and dedicated employees and years of thoughtful preparation.
In sum, our 2012 total catastrophe losses were $1.9 billion pre-tax ($1.2 billion after-tax), which is a very high level by historic standards and makes for severe levels of catastrophic weather
in four of the last five years. Throughout this period, significant
      1871
1897
     The Great Chicago Fire destroys 17,450 buildings, leaves Travelers issues the first automobile policy to Gilbert J. Loomis, 100,000 people homeless, kills 275 people and causes a mechanic who built a one-cylinder car.
$196 million in property damage. Unlike many of its
competitors, the company pays all related claims in full.
 3

 INDUSTRY UNDERWRITING ENVIRONMENT
— IMPACT OF CATASTROPHES
In the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, catastrophe loss costs* in the
U.S. property-casualty industry were about 1 percent of written premiums. That jumped to approximately 3.5 percent in the 1990s and 2000s and has doubled from there to 7.2 percent in the 2010s.
weather losses have come increasingly from inland wind (tornadoes) and hail. This adds to the uncertainty of weather as inland wind, as compared to coastal wind (hurricanes), is more difficult to predict and model. Also, while coastal wind predictably impacts specific coastal regions, much of the country is vulnerable to inland wind.
In addition to the weather, our results in 2012 and in recent years have been affected by the impact of historically low interest rates on our investment portfolio.
Reliability — Years in the making
We have been managing our business for these conditions for years. Our philosophy of running the business for the long term enables us to address challenges from a position of strength and organizational readiness. Our financial foundation is solid. We carefully balance risk and reward in both our insurance operations and our investment portfolio. And a storm like Sandy, extreme as it was, was in our playbook of possibilities, both in terms of our understanding of our exposure to severe events and the response strategy we put in place following Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
More specifically, we started to take action in response to the weather patterns and low interest rates in the middle of 2010. Consistent with our approach of focusing on producing top tier returns over time, we embarked on a deliberate, carefully calibrated strategy of selectively but actively raising rates and improving terms and conditions on our insurance policies. Our results in 2012 benefitted from that strategy. Improved underwriting margins in each of our segments contributed significantly to our profitability.
1919
Travelers issues the first insurance on aerial transportation, which includes public liability, property damage and workers’ compensation. President Woodrow Wilson is one of the first individuals covered by such insurance.
Percent of Premium
1.04% .85% 1.31%
1960s 1970s 1980s 1990s
2000s 2010s
Source: Insurance Information Institute.
*Note: Private carrier losses only. Excludes loss adjustment expenses and reinsurance
reinstatement premiums. Figures are adjusted for losses ultimately paid by foreign insurers and reinsurers.
10-YEAR TREASURY BOND YIELD
This chart shows the decline in the yield of 10-year Treasury bonds from Jan.1,1995, through Dec. 31, 2012.
8% 7
6
5
4 3 2 1 0
1912
After the Titanic sinks, Travelers pays more than $1 million to beneficiaries in accident claims and life insurance benefits.
1995 1997 1999 2001 2003 2005 2007 2009 2011 2012 Jan.1 Dec. 31
Data Source: FRED, Federal Reserve Economic Data, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis: 10-Year Treasury Constant Maturity Rate.
4 TRAVELERS 2012 Annual Report
3.39%
3.52%
7.20%

     Overall, Travelers produced net income of $2.5 billion, a return on equity of 9.8 percent and an operating return on equity of 11.0 percent for the year. We ended 2012 with book value per share of $67.31, up 8 percent from year end 2011.
These results enabled us to return more than $2.1 billion to shareholders in 2012 through dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our ongoing capital management strategy. Another measure of the success of our long-term focus and our strong performance is that since May 2006 through our share repurchase program, we have returned more than $18 billion to shareholders and reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 50 percent.
We remain focused on anticipating and preparing for events and circumstances — both risks and opportunities — that depart from historical patterns. As we do so, we recognize the inextricable link between our financial performance and our ability to fulfill our commitments to our policyholders and agents. For our shareholders, our customers and our agents, dependability demands that we plan thoroughly and look well beyond the short-term horizon.
160 years of reliability
Our performance over the last year on behalf of our customers followed a long tradition. As we celebrate our 160th anniversary, it
is worth noting that reliability has been a hallmark of our heritage. We have stood behind our customers throughout epic events in American history, providing support after the 1871 Chicago Fire, the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the 1912 sinking of the Titanic, the 1929 Wall Street crash, the Great Depression and, more recently, the financial crisis of 2008.
   TRAVELERS’ RESPONSE TO STORM SANDY
By claim volume, Storm Sandy was the largest storm in Travelers’ history. Despite that, the company was able to provide exceptional customer service:
• Answered 90 percent of customer phone calls in under 30 seconds.
• Contacted approximately 80 percent of customers within two days of loss notice; virtually all within three days.
• Settled 90 percent of Personal Insurance homeowners’ claims within 30 days of loss notice.
• Enlisted more than 5,000 Travelers employees to help with our response.
• Deployed tree removal and roof tarping teams to more than 900 properties to prevent further damage.
These results validated Travelers’ catastrophe response strategy, which employs sophisticated modeling, planning and logistical support through the company’s National Catastrophe Center; a robust local claim field presence supported by a 300-member catastrophe team and five Mobile Claim Office vehicles; and the use of Travelers employees rather than third-party administrators to handle claims.TolearnmoreaboutTravelers’catastropheresponse capabilities, see travelers.com/catastrophe-response.
       1929
1955
      Despite the stock market crash and the subsequent Depression, the company does not lay off any workers or cut salaries.
In fact, employees receive a special one-month salary bonus. Two years later, company directors contribute $79,000 to Depression relief funds.
Travelers introduces a homeowners policy that combines fire, theft and liability coverages. Soon, the company writes such combined coverages for store owners, apartment owners and farm owners policies.
 5

    1968
Travelers introduces specially modified recreational vehicles as Travelers is the first insurance carrier to open an office of Consumer mobile claim offices to assist policyholders after disasters. Information with a toll free telephone number to address questions
about insurance.
  6 TRAVELERS 2012 Annual Report
      Just as we emerged from the 2008 crisis stronger than many of our peers because of decisions we had made years earlier, we are always looking deep into the future to anticipate what might be and how we should be prepared. Sustaining our success requires long- term investments in the future of our company. We continue to invest in the people, products and technology that are core to our competitive advantages.
Advocating for opportunity
We also have long recognized the value of investing in our communities and that we have a responsibility to participate constructively in public policy dialogue on important issues for our industry. We hope to contribute to solutions on a wide range of issues that face our customers, our agents and brokers and the communities we serve.
In 2012, we marked the fifth anniversary of our signature education program, Travelers EDGE (Empowering Dreams for Graduation and Employment), which prepares students for success in school and in their careers.
We continued advocating on behalf of small business owners, the backbone of the U.S. economy. We hosted a national small business symposia series and piloted a risk management education program for women and minority small business owners in Los Angeles.
We partnered with Habitat for Humanity International and the Insurance Institute for Business & Home Safety to build affordable, wind-resistant homes in vulnerable communities.
      SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCACY
As one of the nation’s largest insurers of small businesses, Travelers advocated for their economic opportunity in 2012. The company supported public policy solutions to the issues facing small business owners and assisted them with education by leveraging Travelers’ expertise in risk mitigation. Travelers understands that the health of small business is key to economic prosperity.
In 2012, Travelers took several steps to support small business:
• The Travelers Institute®, the company’s public policy division, continued its “Small Business — Big Opportunity” series to raise awareness of and identify solutions to common challenges.
• Travelers Community Relations launched a new Small Business Risk Education program in conjunction with the company’s Small Commercial and Risk Control businesses. By partnering with the Los Angeles-based Valley Economic Development Center, the initiative strives to empower women and minority entrepreneurs to understand better the risks associated with small business ownership.
The program will expand to Chicago in 2013.
• Travelers supported organizations and events focused on small business, including Small Business Saturday®, a day organized by American Express to encourage local shopping.
              1971
       
   And, finally, the Travelers Institute sponsored the award-winning, nonpartisan documentary, Overdraft, which highlights the implications of the federal deficit. It has been broadcast on public television, and we hosted screenings at colleges and universities across the country to engage students in the dialogue.
We are proud to support these causes.
Outlook — The best of Travelers
We rise to the occasion. In the most challenging circumstances, such as the immediate aftermath of Storm Sandy, I can count on a “can do — we’re all in this together” attitude from our employees.
I thank them once again for all they do to serve our customers and agents. I also thank our agents, who have worked with us to do the right things for our customers, and our Board of Directors for its wise counsel and steady leadership. And we are most grateful to our customers. Every day they put their trust in us to protect their most valuable assets. Many of them have written following Sandy to let me know how appreciative they are for our being there when they needed us.
We are a no-excuses company in a no-excuses industry. With a sound strategy and strong competitive position, we enter 2013 with a real sense of optimism. We believe that the strategic steps we have taken put us in a position to continue to respond, operationally and financially. We are well prepared for the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    GROWING BOOK VALUE PER COMMON SHARE
In the eight-year period between Dec. 31, 2004 (the year of the Travelers-St. Paul merger), and Dec. 31, 2012, Travelers increased its book value per common share (BVPS) from $31.35 to $67.31, which represents a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.0 percent.
    $67.31
12
 $62.32
11
 $58.47
10
 $52.54
09
  $42.22
07
$43.12
08
 $36.86
06
  $31.35 04
$31.94 05
TOTAL RETURN TO SHAREHOLDERS
Travelers’ total return to shareholders in the past one year, three years and five years compares favorably to the average total return to shareholders for the company’s peer group.1
  Travelers
Peer Group Average1
24.8% 22.4%
1 Year
56.6%
32.9%
3 Year
53.2%
–7.3%
      Total return to shareholders is the percentage change in the stock price and the cumulative amount of dividends, assuming dividend reinvestment, to the stock price at the beginning of the one-year, three-year and five-year periods ending December 31, 2012.
1 Peer Group consists of peers identified in Travelers Proxy Statement and includes: ACE Limited, Aetna Inc., The Allstate Corporation, American Express Company, The Chubb Corporation,
Cigna Corp., The Hartford Financial Services Group, Manulife Financial Corporation, MetLife, Inc., Progressive Corp. and Prudential Financial.
Returns for each of the companies included in this peer group have been calculated based upon a simple average over the respective periods presented.
5 Year
   1996
1997
     The Travelers Indemnity Company and The Aetna Casualty Travelers launches the first insurance policy to protect individuals and Surety Company merge to form the nation’s fourth largest using personal computers for online banking.
property-casualty insurance company.
 7
 BVPS CAGR: 10.0%
  