To Our Shareholders:
2006 marked another year of solid performance and profitable growth for Tractor Supply Company. We maintained our focus on positioning the Company for long-term growth by continuing to invest in our people and our stores. At the same time, we achieved a double-digit sales increase, generated bottom-line improvements and successfully executed our new store opening plan.

The year was certainly not without challenges as several macroeconomic and industry trends impacted our business. Unusual weather was a factor, including unseasonably warm weather at both the beginning and end of the year, a drought in the Southwest and a lack of emergency-response events like those that had created additional sales in the prior year. In addition to weather-related challenges, we experienced an industrywide decline in demand for outdoor power equipment and retailers in general were confronted with lower consumer spending. Our Company faced these challenges head-on; we addressed them proactively and delivered outstanding results. We accomplished a great deal in 2006 and, most importantly, we did not waver in our pursuit of maximizing the long-term prospects of the Company. Though we faced headwinds throughout the year, we continued to drive performance successfully, maintain focus on our strategic initiatives, and grow our business efficiently and profitably.

Performance
The current performance and long-term growth of our Company is dependent upon efficient growth, driven by implementing the necessary support infrastructure and creating best operating practices. The combination of our proven business model and unique market niche has enabled us to generate consistent growth in key metrics such as sales, store count and profit during the last five years. In 2006, we were vigilant in managing our operations and costs to combat the challenges we faced. We remain committed to strong operating practices in every area of our business as we continue to embrace our Tractor Value System, which employs LEAN process improvement practices. We also made significant progress on further growing our direct product sourcing capabilities. When weather conditions and product demand cycles were atypical, we carefully managed our merchandise assortment to meet demand effectively and mitigate excess inventory and markdown risk. We were deliberate in our promotional strategy during soft selling periods, allowing us to preserve margins while generating sales growth. Our strong operating controls enabled us to be nimble and our actions resulted in performance improvement. These actions, along with our cornerstone service propositions ­ our commitment to serving our customers' needs, offering a differentiated store environment with specialized product offerings and empowering team members ­ all contributed to our solid performance. In 2006, we grew sales to more than $2.3 billion, increased net income to over $91 million, improved gross margin by 80 basis points and concluded the year with no outstanding bank debt. Over the past five years, we have grown sales and net income at a compounded annual growth rate of 22.8% and 29.2%, respectively, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Improving return on invested capital remains a priority for us going forward, and as part of our capital allocation strategy, our Board authorized a three-year $200 million share repurchase program in February, 2007.

Focus
Our dedication to understanding and meeting the needs of our customers is one of the fundamental principles of our business. We believe the best ways to develop and maintain customer relationships are to create a quality shopping experience and to continue enhancing our merchandise offering. Consistent with this principle, we are developing a multi-channel strategy and anticipate rolling out our e-commerce site later this year. Ultimately, we believe our commitment to meeting customer needs across product departments and sales channels will result in increased market share per household, improved store performance and enhanced customer relationships. In 2006, our team did an excellent job ensuring that our product offering remained innovative, compelling and relevant to those living the rural lifestyle. We continued to implement an expanded apparel set, which is now in 279 stores. These apparel sets have been well-received by our customers, and we anticipate they will be in more than 500 stores by the end of 2007. We also continued to focus on helping our customers address their unique lifestyle needs. Due to the passion most of our customers have for animals, we began piloting an enhanced pet product assortment in select stores in 2006. This new set allows us to better meet customer needs related to the health care and feeding of their animals. In addition to maintaining an active pipeline of exciting new products that fit our customers' lifestyle, we continued to expand our private label merchandise, including the introduction of a C.E. Schmidt footwear line and Masterhand premium tools and tool storage line. Our focus on private label brand development and improving sourcing capabilities creates added value for our customers and drives operating margin improvement. Our team's unyielding enthusiasm for the Tractor Supply brand and what we call the "Out Here" lifestyle is the lifeblood of our operations and the driving force behind the Company's performance. For this reason, we dedicate resources to developing the skills of our team members, knowing they are our future leaders. We maintained our commitment to team development ­ conducting 278 person-weeks of leadership training. By implementing training initiatives and empowering our team members, we have built a strong, cohesive store team to continue driving our growth for years to come.

Growth
Tractor Supply is a growth company. Through a combination of investments in our stores, supply chain infrastructure and leadership team, we have created an even stronger foundation to enable us to support future sales and profit growth while meeting the needs of a growing market niche. Our store base has more than doubled since 2000, and we continue to raise the bar as we execute a solid store opening strategy. In 2006, we opened 82 stores, including two Del's Farm Supply stores and four additional Tractor Supply Company stores in California. While we believe the Western region offers great opportunity, we will continue to focus on expanding our overall store base to maximize the opportunity in our core markets. We believe there is significant growth potential in many regions, and we plan to accelerate growth in these areas as we continue to develop our distribution capacity. We will aggressively work toward achieving our stated goal of more than 1,400 Tractor Supply Company stores. The Company's ability to grow effectively relies on our ability to expand the team to support a larger business; throughout the year we took the opportunity to build our leadership team. In addition to welcoming 82 new store managers and eight new district managers to support our growth, we strengthened our executive management team with the addition of four executives to spearhead and manage important strategic initiatives in finance, operations and merchandising. As we continue to improve our management team, our ability to execute our long-term growth strategy becomes more secure. In addition to our considerable growth, the Company also benefits from the growth of the niche we serve. The appeal of the rural lifestyle is on the rise, with national studies indicating that a migration to rural America has increased consistently during the last 15 years. This trend is projected to continue for years to come. As more and more people move "Out Here," our strategies and positioning are validated and our dedication to serving the unique needs of this growing customer base is enhanced. We are focused on solidifying our leadership position within the "Out Here" niche market.

The Road Ahead
We are proud of our ability to drive overall performance, maintain momentum on key strategic initiatives and to have continued to grow in 2006, even as we faced a challenging environment. We have always been focused on the future and, as we move forward, we continue to believe we are still in the very early stages of realizing our full potential. We remain excited and confident about the long, promising road ahead. Going forward, we will maintain the balance of focusing on our customers' needs while maximizing our growth potential and profitability. We have many exciting initiatives that will allow us to better meet the needs of our customers and the evolving rural lifestyle. Additionally, we will continue to be a leader in best practices through training, marketing, communications and our Tractor Value System. In 2007, we will remain focused on four key strategic initiatives: · Growing sales · Growing operating profit margin · Growing profit-per-target household · Growing return on invested capital As we expand our business, we will be ever mindful of preserving the key elements of our culture ­ maintaining a strong work ethic, ensuring legendary customer service, recognizing the importance of our unique market niche and making Tractor Supply Company a fun place to work. Our culture breeds team leadership, initiative and the desire to excel. This foundation has been the driving force behind our success and will continue to differentiate our Company. As a result of our dedicated efforts, we believe we are on track to reach our long-term objectives of more than doubling our store base, sustaining our profitable sales growth, and further developing and strengthening our business model. We want to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication and, of course, our customers, vendors and shareholders for their continued trust and support.

Jim Wright President and Chief Executive Officer

Joe Scarlett Chairman of the Board

