TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS:

Our business and customers proved somewhat resilient to the overall economic conditions, and our team took appropriate actions to "get the job done" in 2008 ­ producing one of the Company's finest performances in history.

GETTING THE JOB DONE IN 2008
Our initial planning for 2008 assumed the year would look much like the second half of 2007. However, only six weeks into the year, our analysis of customer purchase patterns indicated a marked departure from their historic behavior. As a result, we recognized we were facing a challenging year and took action. We quickly met with all of our store managers and above, asking them to help us cut costs, reduce waste, improve efficiency, and maximize sales at every point of customer contact. As the year progressed, the retail environment continued to weaken as consumers further modified their spending behavior and commodity prices increased significantly. In this dynamic year, our team expertly managed our margins and market share while concurrently reducing inventory. Importantly, we executed a number of key merchandising initiatives that resulted in sharper store presentation, greater inventory efficiency, and enhanced strategic sourcing and private label brand programs. While we continued to find ways to do more with less, we once again reduced store manager and team member turnover and improved our customer loyalty scores. We also maintained our commitment to being a growth company and took a multi-pronged approach to this throughout the year. First, we focused on expanding our chain in new and existing markets, and we are proud of the performance of our new stores. We also advanced our integrated multichannel strategy. As we have scaled up our e-commerce website, we find customers purchasing online as well as researching product information that leads them to buy more in our stores. Importantly, we continued to shift our merchandise mix toward higher-demand, non-discretionary categories that fit with the changes our customers were making. Our customers rely on Tractor Supply Company to support the needs of their rural lifestyle. These men, women, and children are feeding and caring for their pets, planting vegetable gardens, maintaining their outdoor power equipment, and clearing tree branches after a storm. And they trust Tractor Supply Company to provide the products and know-how they need to "get the job done" right. In a difficult year, our actions produced excellent results. We achieved double-digit revenue growth, delivered positive same-store sales, and increased traffic and ticket on a comparable basis. At the same time, we improved working capital and generated significant cash flow from operations. We maintained a solid capital structure with no debt and ample liquidity to fund our store growth and share repurchase program. To this end, we opened 91 new stores and returned approximately $54 million to our shareholders through our share repurchase program in 2008.

POSITIONED TO WIN IN 2009 AND BEYOND
To win in the current environment and beyond, we have identified two priorities for 2009: continue differentiating Tractor Supply Company in the market and focus on executing our rural retail strategy. We are committed to serving our unique niche by providing a one-of-a-kind destination that offers customers an excellent shopping experience and the right products at compelling prices. We will continue to refine our advertising and marketing efforts to ensure we are reaching our customers. Increasingly, we find direct marketing, complemented by our customer relationship management initiative, to be the most effective and efficient method of communication. The crisp execution of our retail strategy centered on store expansion, rigorous inventory management, and expense management programs will remain a key focus. We will continue to invest in the business. While taking a more conservative approach to chain expansion in the current environment, we still plan to open 70 to 80 new stores in 2009. Based on market analysis, we recently announced an increase to our long-term store count goal from 1,400 Tractor Supply Company stores nationwide to 1,800 locations. For 2009, we plan to redirect capital we typically would have spent on higher store growth and invest it in store refurbishment, information technology hardware upgrades, and other efficiency-driving system enhancements to benefit the business long-term. Our leadership team has proven it has the experience, focus, and determination to guide our success in good times and bad. We will maintain our dedicated approach to staffing and training our team members that enables us to provide the individual attention and service that have become hallmarks of Tractor Supply Company stores. I want to thank each of our team members for their hard work and loyalty in 2008 as we successfully navigated through a challenging environment. Our store support center and our field management teams are aligned and well prepared for 2009 and beyond. As we look ahead, we are extremely confident we are positioned to "get the job done" and win in any environment. While the American consumer may have changed, Tractor Supply Company will remain nimble as we plan ahead to maximize our performance and react quickly to factors outside our control. I am confident that we will continue to accomplish our goals and deliver value for all of our stakeholders.

Jim Wright Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

