TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Dear Shareholders:
Our Business---Tractor Supply dominates a special and unique niche in the retail marketplace. We focus on the rural lifestyle with particular emphasis on customers who describe theselves as recreational farmers and ranchers. Our customers value the outdoors, family independence and self-reliance and, like the rest of us, demand good selection, great value and solid customer service, which is exactly what they find at our stores. The Tractor Supply merchandise assortment is geared directly to the lifestyle needs of our customers. The products found at Tractor Supply stores can seldom be found elsewhere under one roof. We win with our customers by offering a broad selection of products selected specifically for their needs.

Our Results---Same-store sales in 2001 rose 3.8% and total sales increased 12%. Net income rose 29%, yielding earnings of $2.33 per share up from $1.87 a share the previous year. The accelerated effort to build a still better team of store and district managers is producing solid results. The entire process of recruiting, training, and developing the management team has been rebuilt. The quality of the team is improving and turnover is declining.

Tractor Supply has also made tremendous strides improving management of the inventory. We operated the entire year with at least 97% in stock at stores on the 450 "driver items." At the same time, average store inventories were down 9%. Joe Scarlett The unique merchandise We beat our aggressive Chairman of the Board and selection at Tractor Supply is a inventory plans all year Chief Executive Officer key advantage; however the yielding substantially major point of differentiation is the shopping improved inventory turn and reduced borrowexperience -- handy locations, easy access in and ings. out, superior product knowledge, everyday low We successfully opened 18 new stores and prices and quick checkout. Knowledgeable and enthusiastic team members work diligently to remodeled and relocated five more. We continue to improve our demographic models, yielding make every shopping experience a good one. still stronger performance from new stores. Initial We even know our regular customers by name. plans call for at least 25 new stores this year and renovation or relocation of about 10 older stores in growth markets.

4

TRACTOR SUPPLY COMPANY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)
Our support functions continue to excel. The investments made in computer systems over the last several years are contributing to operating efficiencies and improved inventory turn. The distribution facility investments are also key contributors. The other support functions -human resources, accounting, real estate, etc. are all working in concert to provide store support and drive profits. expense category, and benefit from the elimination of our largest direct competitor. We are in the midst of our greatest challenge ever, and our team has stepped up like never before.

The Future--We know our customers, know our merchandise, know our demographics, and provide our customers with a superb shopping experience. We say with great confidence that the leadership team at the top and throughout the organization is the strongest, most aligned, and most aggressive in the company's history. The future for Tractor Supply is very bright. We dominate a special niche in the retail market and are committed to never ending sales and profit growth.

The Opportunity---

At the beginning of 2002, Tractor Supply added 87 new stores from the bankruptcy of a major competitor. The new stores are located in the East and Midwest, in previously researched and targeted growth markets and are in addition to the 25 new stores mentioned previously. After others have liquidated the merchandise, we will quickly reconfigure the fixtures, stock Jim Wright the stores and start serving President and Chief Operating Officer our new customers. We have already hired many of their best store managers, district managers, sales people, and support professionals. This is a once-in-a-business-lifetime growth opportunity for Tractor Supply Company. Most of the new locations will be open before midyear. We have aggressive timelines and comprehensive operational plans. We will strengthen our purchasing power, broaden our marketing, leverage virtually every

Joe Scarlett Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Wright President and Chief Operating Officer

TRACTOR SUPPLY COMPANY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

5

