TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

2003 Success Story
Tractor Supply Company had another successful year in 2003. Total sales increased 21.7%, same-store sales increased 7.0% and net income grew 45.7%. We achieved solid improvements in team development as our existing team members embraced change and our new team members became immersed in the Company's culture. New and relocated stores have performed very well. We are pleased with the return on our new merchandising, marketing and logistics initiatives. Our stock has outperformed our peer group and the major indices by a wide margin. Our Team Building Efforts Tractor Supply continues to increase the amount of time, effort and resources dedicated to the development of the team and to become "The Employer of Choice." Last year, we again raised the bar on the selection process, upgraded most training programs and kicked off Tractor Supply University. More than half of our stores have team members who have a background as a farmer, rancher, horse owner or welder. We are most proud that team member turnover in every category reached record low levels last year. We really are becoming "The Employer of Choice." Sales Growth The most important measure of long term success in retailing is same-store sales growth. Last year our same-store sales grew by 7.0% -- on top of 9.6% and 3.8% in the two prior years. Growth of this magnitude and consistency is the result of a stellar total team effort. Our stores are well run. Our team members are friendly and competent in our category. Marketing and merchandising continue to drive shopping frequency. Our store support team does whatever it takes to help our stores exceed our customers' expectations. Building the Store Base In 2003, we opened 31 new stores on top of a record setting 113 new stores in the previous year. The new stores from both years are exceeding budgeted sales and profit targets which is a clear reflection of our capacity to select sites, build store teams, create awareness and deliver value to customers in new markets. Last year we relocated 18 older stores and the sales and profit results from this group are very strong. During the past three years, we have upgraded a total of 35 stores which means we are well on our way to modernizing every one of our older, outdated locations.

Support for Stores Tractor Supply is on a never ending quest to provide the best support in every category so that store team members can exceed our customers' expectations. The superb efforts by our team at the Store Support Center give our stores the merchandise and tools to provide the finest customer service in our business. Logistics We continue to improve and build our logistics and distribution network to ensure that our supply chain fulfills our customers' needs. We started in January 2000 with our flagship facility in Pendleton, Indiana, our first new distribution center in decades. In the summer of 2003, we also opened a newly constructed facility in Waco, Texas, relocating from three separate old warehouses. In addition, toward the end of 2003, we expanded into another facility in Braselton, Georgia, with service to our stores beginning this past January. We are currently planning an additional facility in the Northeast to begin service in early 2005, giving us the distribution infrastructure to handle 800 stores. Later, we expect to relocate our current distribution center in Omaha, Nebraska to a modern facility and we will also develop distribution capacity to support growth in California and other western states. Tractor Supply is achieving continuous improvement in both its transportation network and distribution operations. Performance Measures Improve Total sales grew by 21.7% and beat our plan. Net income increased by 45.7% and our return on sales improved to 3.9%, up from 3.1% the previous year. While we are proud of this improvement, we anticipate future improvement in net profit margin. Honors Last year we were featured in trade magazines, business journals, and scores of newspapers. We won the Ernst and Young Southeast Entrepreneur of the Year award and Forbes Magazine just featured Tractor Supply among its prestigious list of the Best Managed Companies in America. We are proud of this recognition but have now closed the books on 2003 and are looking to the future.

Now a look at our promising future
Building the Team of the Future Low turnover, improved selection processes, strengthened training programs and a strong focus on promotion from within will all contribute to a skilled, energized and growing team for this year and on into the future. We will concentrate on hiring and training the best and brightest. Driving Sales The operations of our stores continue to become more streamlined as our work force becomes more experienced and as we "Take Work Out." Our "Best Practices" teams are providing the path to improving and simplifying scores of tasks and processes which make stores run more smoothly and efficiently. Every working hour we can eliminate in non-selling task work becomes another hour dedicated to customer service. The Tractor Supply Merchandising Team now has more than 250 product test items and programs in place, all focused on the basic lifestyle needs of our target customer. Today's successful merchandise tests are tomorrow's sales growth. Our team is close to our customer, committed to innovation and change, and focused on customer centric sales driving product offerings. There is no limit to the opportunities and challenges that will provide the fuel for future sales growth. Our Marketing and Advertising Team continues to make every dollar we spend work harder to build Tractor Supply brand awareness, drive customers into our stores and strengthen the relationship we have with those who live "Out Here." Accelerating Store Growth Our primary growth focus will be in the Northeast for the next several years, while we continue to grow in other existing markets. In addition, we will launch our first three pilot stores in Northern California. Tractor Supply will add 52 new stores this year and 63 stores next year. Building on the success of recent store relocations, we will aggressively continue on this path with at least 20 relocations this year. We are making solid progress on our goal to be out of all dated store locations within the next three years. Improving Service with Technology Our plan is to provide supportive technology to help get the job done quickly and efficiently. Our systems are dependable and provide the tools and information we need. Our information is accurate and reliable. The near term future (2 years) will include new upgraded store forecasting, replenishment and human resources systems. Today we have solid technology and a dedicated team.

The Support Center that Really Supports More than a decade ago, we renamed our headquarters the "Store Support Center." Today, Tractor Supply has a dedicated team focused on providing the very best support services to those on the front lines. The attitude, compassion, and commitment of the Nashville Team are key factors in our current and future success. We begin this year working in 64,000 square feet in three buildings in a challenged Nashville neighborhood. By mid-year, we will relocate to a 100,000 square foot, 17-year old, two-story building in suburban Nashville. A Culture of Standards, Growth and Success At Tractor Supply we are all focused on and committed to our Mission and Values. We have high standards for ourselves and our business. We have a passion for our customers and commitment to each other. We have a powerful culture often envied by others. We will "Work Hard, Have Fun and Make Money" again in 2004!

/s/ Joe Scarlett Joe Scarlett Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Jim Wright Jim Wright President and Chief Operating Officer

