In 2007, Tractor Supply Company completed another year of solid performance and profitable growth in a challenging retail environment. Consumers faced hurdles related to a declining housing market, credit concerns and continued high fuel prices. Despite these challenges, we were able to meet our new store opening plan, produce doubledigit revenue growth and increase our bottom-line. Our success in 2007 is a testament to the strength of the unique niche we serve as well as to the dedication of our store and support teams.

Our continued focus on meeting our customers' needs drove increases in both samestore sales and transaction counts. We are a growth company focused on expanding our reach, creating a culture for success and providing unique merchandise relevant to our customers' lifestyles. This proven formula continues to drive our performance and build an even stronger foundation for long-term success. At Tractor Supply Company, we are creating new opportunities to reach our customers throughout the country ­ at our stores and in their homes. While the Company has grown into a national chain, all of our stores have preserved a local hometown connection. In 2007, we opened 89 new stores, relocated 12 stores in existing markets and entered six new states. By year-end, we were operating 764 stores in 43 states. To complement our stores, we launched our e-commerce platform at TractorSupply.com late in the year. While the website is still being expanded and refined, the initial response from our customers and teams has been very positive. Our team members understand our customers' unique needs because they live where our customers live ­ "Out Here." Over the years, we have created a strong culture with team members that are passionate about serving our customers. Our team members have extensive product knowledge and are empowered with decision-making authority. We are dedicated to team development and invested over 400 person-weeks of classroom leadership training in 2007. Our dedication to people and training continues to drive improved customer service, reduce store manager and team member turnover and create a pipeline of talent to support our store expansion.

Our commitment has always been to provide customers with compelling merchandise relevant to their rural lifestyle. Our customers tell us, through conversations with our team members, letters and emails they send to us and with their purchasing decisions, that this commitment is the reason they shop at Tractor Supply Company. Fine-tuning our merchandise selection allows us continually to meet the evolving needs of our customers. In 2007, we completed re-sets of our apparel department, enhanced our animal health and pet merchandise assortment, and began testing improvements to our hardware, truck maintenance and tools departments. In 2008, we will apply our learning as we make the best new items in these categories available throughout our store network. Also in 2008, we are intensifying our focus on our merchandise management initiatives with particular emphasis on optimizing retail pricing, lowering our landed costs of goods by increasing strategic direct sourcing, expanding private label brands, and improving the productivity of our inventories and supply chain. We believe these initiatives will allow us to provide a better value proposition to our customers while expanding our margins. Our solid financial position provides us with the ability to increase shareholder return while allowing us to remain firmly committed to investing in long-term growth initiatives. In February 2007, our board of directors authorized a $200 million share repurchase program, and we secured a new credit agreement with more favorable terms than in our previous credit facility. In 2007, we bought 3.2 million shares for approximately $150 million under the share repurchase program. We will continue to manage our capital structure and use our capital efficiently for our shareholders' long-term benefit. We appointed three new board members in 2007 and one new board member in 2008, and each brings an excellent combination of distinct skills, backgrounds and expertise. George MacKenzie, John Adams, Rick Frost and Bill Bass have begun contributing their knowledge and insight in key areas, such as e-commerce, merchandising, and procurement and logistics. We deeply appreciate the service of the directors, both past and present, who have served on Tractor Supply Company's board. In particular, I want to thank Joe Scarlett, whose guidance and vision during his 28 years with Tractor Supply Company shaped its direction and growth. In November, Joe retired from his position as non-executive Chairman and we proudly named him Chairman Emeritus. I would also like to thank Joe Maxwell and Sam Reed, who both retired in 2007. It is with sincere gratitude that I wish them all the best in their future endeavors.

We are confident we have the right strategies in place to continue building upon our solid foundation for future growth and ensuring we are viewed as the destination for those living the "Out Here" lifestyle. As we head into 2008, we know that consumers may continue to be impacted by many of the challenges they faced in 2007 ­ from volatile fuel prices to a slowing housing market. Our management team has the expertise, experience and determination to navigate through varying conditions. While we will manage our business appropriately given the current retail environment, we are committed to investing for the long-term growth of the Company. For 2008, we will be focused on three key priorities that will help us progress toward our long-term goals. Our first priority will be to grow our business. We will grow by opening stores in new and existing markets, increasing sales at our existing stores through changes to our merchandise assortments and presentation as well as expanding the functionality of our e-commerce platform. Second, we will seek to improve our business. We believe that by refining our customer relationship management (CRM) strategy, tightly managing our real estate and occupancy costs and executing on key merchandising initiatives, we will be well positioned for long-term success while optimizing our performance in the near-term. Th ird, we will continue to focus on people. We will continue to develop our teams to support our growth and provide the best possible customer shopping experience. Our long-term strategies for growing sales, operating profit margin, profit-per-target household and return on investment will be supported by our commitment to carrying out our mission statement: work hard, have fun and make money by providing legendary service and great products at everyday low prices. No matter what specific conditions we experience each year, we remain dedicated to this mission and are confident this is the right strategy for delivering long-term shareholder value. I want to thank our experienced, dedicated Store, Distribution Center and Store Support Center team members for their unwavering commitment to our success. We also deeply appreciate the support of our customers, vendors and shareholders. While the retail environment may be challenging in 2008, I am confident we will continue creating opportunities that enable us to achieve authentic success.

Jim Wright Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

