TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
March 2005 2004 marked yet another period of growth and financial achievement for our company. Driven by a 9.9% samestore sales increase, combined with 53 new and 20 relocated stores, sales rose 18.1% to $1.7 billion. Accomplishments In July, we announced a long-planned CEO succession, which became effective October 1st. As expected, the transition went extremely well. Our energized and well-aligned leadership team has continued to accelerate the pace of change. During the third quarter, we relocated our store support center from three buildings to a larger existing building. Concurrent with the move, we upgraded our information technology servers and increased our system capacity and redundancy. In addition, our new Georgia distribution center came on-line in December 2003 and was up to full efficiency by the second quarter of 2004. Our new Maryland distribution center was constructed in the second half of 2004. We also announced our decision to build a new distribution center in Nebraska in the second half of 2005. All of these initiatives are designed to sustain our growth for the next several years. Our merchandising team continued to bring exciting and innovative new products to market. In the third quarter, we re-set 4,200 square feet in the average store. Most successful were the agricultural products, equine, pet and animal, and hardware and tools categories. While the execution was challenging, we were pleased with the incremental fourth quarter sales produced by this merchandising initiative and expect to realize further contributions from this program in the years ahead. Our three-store California test provided significant knowledge, experience, and success, some of which we believe may be exported to other regions. Our "people engine" was further strengthened during 2004 with extensive bench building, training and staff development programs. Almost 300 store managers, assistant managers, manager trainees and others benefited from our week-long management skills seminar conducted six times in the past year. Senior management's active role in this and other training programs are critical to the development of outstanding front-line leaders. Our real estate development capacity was increased significantly. During the year, we improved our site selection model and expanded the depth and expertise of our real estate team, enabling us to improve speed and accuracy while reducing costs. This, combined with the development of human resource talent, allowed us to open 53 new stores compared to 31 store additions in the prior year. At the same time, we positioned the Company to open 60 to 65 stores in 2005. Challenges While we were pleased with our annual performance, we did face certain challenges in the third quarter that caused our net income to be less than we initially anticipated. During the third quarter, we produced a 10.1% improvement in same-store sales on top of a very strong 13.7% in the prior year. However, the mix of goods as a result of certain our promotions, four hurricanes and freight costs, and our inability to quickly pass cost increases along at retail, combined to depress profits on a year-over-year basis. That said, our team responded quickly and overcame these challenges in the fourth quarter where we achieved a return to bottom line growth.. Inventory efficiency was another challenge in 2004. After three consecutive years of improving or holding our average inventory per store, we ended the year 18.7% over the prior year, partially driven by inflation. As a result, our inventory turnover was flat at 2.8 turns. While we are displeased with the results, we have now positioned ourselves to resume our long-term trend of improving inventory efficiency. Four Years in Perspective During the last four years, our store count has increased 69% and our sales have risen over 229%. While achieving these solid results, we increased our distribution capacity from 1,060,000 to 2,200,000 square feet. Today, 75% of our cost of goods passes through our distribution centers, compared with 65% in 2001. We have relocated 55 stores to improved locations and larger facilities. We have upgraded technology in distribution centers, merchandising, demand forecasting and replenishment areas. Our market and site selection models have become highly refined and capable of accurately predicting accurate new store sales. Our print advertising has improved in both look and

productivity, allowing us to shift a higher proportion of advertising spending to brand building via targeted television. Team member turnover has been cut by more than 50% at the store manager and hourly level as a result of our improved selection, training and "Employer of Choice" initiatives. Last year, we were recognized by Fortune magazine as number 43 of "The 100 Fastest Growing Companies" (February 6, 2004) and by Forbes magazine as one of the "Best Managed Companies in America" (January 12, 2004). While we are proud of these accomplishments and each team member who made it possible, we view all of this as preparation for the future. The Years Ahead The population that leads the "Out Here" lifestyle is large, underserved, large and growing, and we believe the Tractor Supply concept is the most efficient model to serve this lifestyle. Our unique combination of convenient locations, focused product assortments, scores of category-competent team members, along with our passion to serve our customers, allow us to seize market share. There are several key drivers propelling the population growth of rural counties and, therefore, the growth of our potential customer base. America's feeder roads are better than ever, and broadband has arrived in many rural counties allowing more Americans to telecommute. Many families are leveraging real estate gains and buying much more property one or two counties out from the urban center. Smaller communities are being recognized as providing good public education and a family-centered pace of life. All of these factors are allowing people the option of living where they want and living the lifestyle they desire, while working where they need to work. We also believe Tractor Supply is well positioned as Baby Boomers begin to retire to areas they feel bring them back to their roots. To fully leverage this opportunity, Tractor Supply remains focused on:       Instilling an over-arching culture based on values, trust, risk-taking and speed Maintaining a foundation of low cost and efficiency Creating a great place to work (Loyal Team Members) Upholding our tireless passion to being a great place to shop (Loyal Customers) Providing a firm, fair, and great place to sell (Loyal Vendors) Being a company that increases profits for the long term and, therefore, a great place to invest (Loyal Shareholders)

We have identified another 800 markets ideal for Tractor Supply stores, and we are moving to realize that opportunity. Our brand has been well developed and is increasingly becoming highly recognized, particularly in the communities we serve. Our customers give us very high scores for trust and serving their needs. Our merchandising team continues to bring compelling, new products to our stores, which help drive our strong samestore sales. Our marketing team continues to improve the efficiency of all media. We have developed the infrastructure required to support rapid growth. Our management team is deep, committed and focused on sustainable growth and has proven their capacity to execute. Tractor Supply Company celebrated its 66th year in 2004 and recorded another year of unprecedented financial achievement. Our success and growth during the most recent year are attributed to the dedication and commitment to excellence of our 7,200 loyal professionals. They continue to build a legacy in our industry while understanding that the continuing success of our brand can only be realized by adherence to our mission and core values. We appreciate the support and input of our employees, our customers, our vendors, and our shareholders. We are proud of our heritage and pledge to use it as a spring board as we embrace the challenges of accelerated growth. We are grateful you are with us and look forward to reporting to you again as the year unfolds.

Jim Wright President and Chief Executive Officer

Joe Scarlett Chairman of the Board

