 JOHN TYSON Chairman
In my letter to you last year, I said market conditions in 2006 might be challenging. It turned out to be one of the toughest years we’ve ever had at Tyson Foods, Inc. But the Tyson Team stayed strong, and we made it through. The difficulties we experienced from a variety of factors are reflected in our financial results. Diluted loss per share was $0.58 compared to diluted earnings per share of $1.04 in 2005. Sales were $25.6 billion in 2006 compared to $26.0 billion in 2005. What the numbers don’t show, however, is the groundwork we laid for the future. As a result, I’ve never been more confident in the Company’s future.
This tough year forced us to reexamine every aspect of our business. We cut overhead costs and became more efficient. We made tough choices regarding our manufacturing facilities. We took several other steps as well to become more agile in the face of external volatility. While we made many adjustments in the short term, we continued investing in the long term for an even stronger Company.
For example, accelerating innovation is the key to Tyson’s long-term future. Our new Discovery Center, opening in January 2007, will be the hub of product innovation and consumer insights. It will help us better understand what consumers want so we can develop products, packaging and brands to better meet their needs and solve their mealtime problems.
To drive innovation further, we’ve added three key people to the talented management team we’ve always had at Tyson. Wade Miquelon is our new chief financial officer, and he has extensive experience in the consumer products industry and international finance after 16 years with Procter & Gamble. Robert DeMartini, group vice president of consumer products, has
20 years of experience in the consumer packaged goods industry and most recently headed Gillette’s $2.2 billion grooming division. Richard Greubel is our new group
To Our Shareholders
vice president of international and spent 22 years at Monsanto, with his last 11 years as head of several international operations. We are excited to have people of their caliber. Their drive and enthusiasm are contagious, and with the rest of the great Tyson Team, we are better positioned to achieve our goals.
We continued investing for the long term in our operations as well. We added our third case-ready beef and pork plant in Sherman, Texas. We also created the most modern, efficient production floor in the industry at our Dakota City, Nebraska, beef plant. These are just two examples of how we are readying our production facilities for the future.
I’m proud of the changes we’ve made at Tyson Foods, but I’m also proud of things we didn’t change. We remain committed to our Core Values. We remain committed to diversity. We remain committed
to serving as a steward of the animals, land and environment entrusted to us. We remain committed
to feeding the world trusted food products. We remain committed to our core strategies of increasing our value-added product mix, expanding internationally and driving operational efficiencies.
There’s no denying it was a disappointing year finan- cially, but I hope these numbers don’t overshadow Tyson Foods’ great potential. I'll end this letter where I began: I’ve never been more confident in our future. I have great trust in Tyson’s 107,000 Team Members, and I look forward to supporting them as we build a strong, profitable Tyson Foods in 2007 and beyond.
John Tyson Chairman
Tyson Foods, Inc. 2006 Annual Report 1
