   the main course is Tyson.
Nearly one fourth of the chicken, beef and pork in the United States is produced by Tyson Foods.
The people of Tyson Foods, Inc. have made good progress on the goals we
set for ourselves for fiscal 2003. The first half of the year was tough, but we improved our performance in the last two quarters. We managed outside factors to the best of our abilities while making decisions based on immediate goals and long-term strategies. We can and will strive to do better for the long- term success of the company. Our efforts were noticed this year when our company was named America’s Most Admired Food Production Company
by Fortune magazine.
Reported diluted earnings per share (EPS) were $0.96 compared to $1.08 last year. Reported sales were $24.5 billion in 2003 compared to $23.4 billion in 2002. Our strong cash flows have allowed us to pay down debt by $383 million this year and $1.3 billion since the cash tender offer in August 2001, and we have met our goal of having debt as a percentage of capital of 50 percent. Additionally, we met this year’s synergies target of $100 million.
John Tyson
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Tyson Foods, Inc. 1

 2 Tyson Foods, Inc.
 sales
dollars in billions
2003
2002 2001
diluted earnings per share
dollars
2003
2002 2001
cash provided by operating activities
dollars in millions
2003
2002 2001
    24.5
 23.4
 10.6
 0.96
 1.08
 0.40
 820
 1,174
 511
In the past two years, we have made huge strides. For a company of our size and complexity, I am extremely pleased with what the Tyson team has done in such a short time. We introduced 500 new value-added products, reduced debt, integrated systems, eliminated redundant positions and closed underperforming plants.
Value-Added Products In fiscal 2003 we embarked on an aggressive campaign to increase the percentage of sales from value-added products from 35 percent to 50 percent over the next three to five years. We’ve had successful product launches under the Tyson brand in categories where previously we did not have a presence, such as fully- cooked bacon, self-serve deli meats, luncheon meats, dinner meats, fresh pork, canned broths and bullions. These new products have added to an already unbeatable product portfolio.
MasterBrand Simplyput,ourbrandingstrategyistofocusonTysonasournationalbrandforproteinflankedbystrong regional brands such as Wright bacon in the Southwest and Weaver chicken in the Northeast. We are leveraging the Tyson brand through co-promotions, co-merchandizing and endorser branding partnerships. The brand is supported with a $100 million marketing campaign including national print and broadcast advertising, consumer promotions and in-store events. Tyson Foods also produces private label products for customers under a two-tier strategy in which we provide both branded and private label products to manage the category for better overall growth.
AccountTeams Ourbrandisaboutgivingourcustomersqualityfoodstheycantrustaswellasprovidingtheservice and expertise to back them up. Our customers remain our first priority, and we strive to give them “value beyond the box.” To better serve our customers, we have expanded the account team strategy I told you about last year. The account team leaders manage the relationships one-on-one, giving our customers access to all of Tyson Foods’ products and

 “In fiscal 2003 we embarked on an aggressive campaign to increase the percentage of sales from value-added products from 35 percent to 50 percent over the next three to five years.”
John Tyson
support. Our new approach has been successful in many distribution channels: national and regional retail grocery chains, club stores, casual dining, quick serve restaurants, industrial and government foodservice accounts.
The “one face to the customer” strategy has led to exciting new business opportunities and expanded relationships with existing customers. Ultimately, as we continue the integration process and refine our customer service, our goal is to serve our customers by providing “one order, one truck, one invoice.”
I am very proud of our team’s accomplishments in customer service. Tyson Foods was recognized with the 2003 Cannondale Award, which identifies the top manufacturers and operators as evaluated by their trading partners. We ranked number one in several areas that focus on our ability to meet our customers’ needs. Throughout the year our company has received awards too numerous to list from customers for quality, service and innovation.
Corporate Governance During the year we reduced the size of our Board of Directors from 15 to 10 members, giving us a higher percentage of independent directors than in the past, and we changed director compensation to include a portion in Tyson stock. Our independent directors continue to comprise the governance, audit and compensation committees.
Core Values Our core values are the cornerstone of our company. All our business decisions must and will align with these values. It is who we are and will be.
Great Neighbors Our communities are important to us, and we want to make sure we are good corporate citizens and good neighbors. All of us who earn our livelihoods off the land take very seriously our responsibility to protect the areas in which we live and work. I promise you, we work hard every day to live up to our responsibilities.
 Tyson Foods, Inc. 3

 4 Tyson Foods, Inc.
 sales by segment
percentage
operating income by segment*
percentage
other
9% prepared
foods 8%
pork beef 11% 48%
chicken 24%
total operating income: $837 million
* Excluding $167 million received in connection with vitamin antitrust litigation
prepared foods 11%
pork 10%
beef 49%
total sales: $24.5 billion
  chicken 30%
We also have a responsibility to feed people who aren’t able to provide for themselves or their families. I am very proud of our relationship with Share Our Strength (SOS), one of the nation’s largest anti-hunger organizations. Since our relationship with SOS began in May 2000, we have donated 15 million pounds of protein. That adds up to 75 million meals for people in need.
Goals for 2004 Our strong cash flow gives us the ability to pay down debt, expand our product offerings or reinvest in our existing business through capital expenditures. We will continue to exercise financial discipline by subjecting investment opportunities to rigorous return on invested capital requirements.
We have made some major steps forward this past year, but we still have work to do. Our goals for the coming year: • Penetrate and execute the Tyson master brand initiative
• Continue expanding our “one face to the customer” approach
• Create more value-added products toward our goal of 35 to 50 percent in three to five years
• Develop our people
• Continue to evolve our approach to performance-based incentives • Debt-to-capital of 45 percent in 12 to 18 months
• Average annual double-digit EPS growth
• Improve return on invested capital from 11.1 percent to 14 percent

 “Tyson Foods is a value-added protein marketing company with a commodity production base. It is all these things and more ...”
John Tyson
I think it is sometimes difficult for people to understand what Tyson Foods really is. It is a value-added protein marketing company with a commodity production base. It is all these things and more, and that is why I believe we are uniquely positioned for the future. We have the brand, market share, product categories, distribution channels, size and scale. No other company can do what we do. And we have the strategies in place to grow shareholder value and strengthen Tyson Foods’ position as the world’s premier branded protein company.
It is very exciting for me as I see our vision for this company becoming a reality. And I can tell you this: There are great things ahead.
John Tyson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Tyson Foods, Inc. 5
