 John Tyson
... with you, the Tyson Shareholders, in mind. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Fiscal 2002 was an important year for Tyson Foods, Inc. Our team has made tremendous progress integrating IBP, inc., and we have moved forward as one company. We are the world’s largest processor and marketer of beef, chicken and pork and the second largest public food company in the United States.
Reported diluted earnings per share were $1.08 compared to $0.40 last year. Of that increase, $0.23 was due to the inclusion of IBP, making it immediately accretive to our earnings. Reported sales were $23.4 billion in 2002 compared to $10.6 billion in 2001. Last year’s results included nine weeks of IBP’s results in our fourth quarter. Cash flow is one of the real strengths of our company, giving us the ability to pay down debt and meet our plans for growth. We have paid down $914 million since closing the cash tender offer on August 3, 2001, and $789 million this fiscal year. This brings our debt as a percentage of total capital down to 52 percent at fiscal 2002 year end. We are well on our way to meet- ing our goal of having debt to capital at 50 percent or below by the end of fiscal year 2003. In addition, we achieved our synergy target of $50 million in 2002, and we are on track to achieve $100 million in 2003 and $200 million in 2004.
While the stock market has seen major swings this year, our stock price has outperformed the market by generating a return to shareholders of 17.5 percent, compared to -20.5 percent for the S&P 500 Index and -0.5 percent for the S&P Packaged Foods Index. We posted strong results for 2002, proving a company focused on adding value to products can perform in difficult market conditions. By marketing the world’s three preferred proteins, we have a large basket of goods to offer our customers. It is the total company, the total portfolio of proteins and food products that generates our strong cash flows.
p3
  
p4
 Defining the Tyson Culture
We’ve worked hard this past year to build this great new company. Defining principles have played, and will continue to play, an important role in our success. We are pas- sionately focused on driving customer satisfaction; our can-do attitude gets the job done – even when the odds are stacked against us. We believe in honesty, integrity and mutual respect for our team members, customers and shareholders. You see these values reflected in everything we do.
As the leader of this growing company,
I have taken the responsibility to define the values that will form the basis for our new culture. We’ve spent a great deal of time planning the direction the business needs to take, and I want to make sure we instill certain values that will help shape the way our culture develops. I’ve put together, with the help of some of our team members, the values that will form the foundation of our evolving culture. Our commitment to these shared core values will contribute to our growth and success.
This year was about analyzing and restructuring our business for growth, both domestically and interna- tionally. We sought to balance our portfolio of products and improve our ability to serve our customers. As a result of our analysis, we have streamlined the Company. We put all of the Prepared Foods Group onto Tyson’s information systems, eliminated redundant positions, closed the Foodbrands corporate headquarters and closed six non-performing production facilities. In addition, we restructured our live swine operation and sold our Mallard’s and Specialty Brands businesses. To fill in a gap in retail processed meats, we bought a bacon facility, and we now have the number one share in bacon processing. We will continue to look for opportunities to fill strategic gaps and to expand domestically.
We are making these changes with one overriding purpose in mind: to better serve our customers. Customers are looking for true partners to make their businesses as efficient as possible, and today we can serve them by offering a wide variety of protein-based foods. I think this is a key point of differentiation between Tyson Foods and the competition – the opportunity to bring total value to the customer. Also, we have consolidated our broker network to better serve our retail and foodservice customers by providing a full array of products and services through an integrated supply chain.
Our supply chain is unparalleled. We have 130 processing locations, 10 forward warehouses and distribution centers, 11 cold storage warehouses and more than 1,300 tractors and 2,100 trailers. Tyson Foods is the only company with the internal capabilities to produce and ship fresh, refrigerated and multi-protein frozen products. We have a company-wide planning and scheduling system, and our electronic business capabilities include a vendor managed inventory system.
This year of analyzing our business also has led us to expand the use of the Tyson brand into other proteins and product categories. The Tyson brand is replacing the Thomas E. Wilson brand on roasts and other further processed beef and pork products and case-ready pork. Initially we are converting all Thomas E. Wilson branded case-ready beef to clear film packaging with no brand affiliation.
This strategic decision regarding our brand resulted from extensive research and evaluation of customers and consumers over the past year. Consumers clearly identify the Tyson brand as one of the strongest and most trusted in America with 91 percent recognition. A conversion from the Thomas E. Wilson brand to the Tyson brand will accelerate our ability to meet the needs of our customers, will maximize our brand building efforts with consumers and is the best long-term strategy for our company.
Maximizing the Tyson brand is important as we continue to develop the next generation of branded beef and pork products, just as we’ve done with chicken for years. We are the pioneer and leader of case-ready beef and pork. Our fully-cooked product line is the number one selling cooked meat line in America, surpassing the competition earlier this year. Not only are we now the category leader in dollar volume but also in sales velocity, outperforming our nearest competitor 1.4 times. In addition, the new line extension of family-sized hams and cooked pork tenderloins is gaining acceptance quickly.
Tyson Foods’ strong presence is not limited to the United States. We have a two-pronged international strategy – to market domestically produced commodity and value-added products to international destinations and to establish production capabilities in international locations. This allows us to serve
 
local markets or expand exports by gaining access to additional international destinations. We have established sales offices in major international markets allowing us to better serve our customers with a full array of Tyson products.
We continue to increase our internationally-based operations to better serve local markets and their growing demand for value-added protein-based foods. For example, Tyson de Mexico is that country’s largest producer of value-added chicken for both retail and foodservice. Additionally, we have established joint ventures in Panama, China, Ireland and Russia producing a variety of value-added foods. We are pleased with the progress of these businesses and are actively seeking additional expansion opportunities not only in these countries but also in others, including Brazil and Europe.
It is important you as a shareholder have confidence in Tyson Foods, the management team and the Board of Directors. In the past three years, we have increased the number of independent directors. They have brought diversity and broad experience to the Company and, combined with the experience and expertise of existing members, provide you a strong, knowledgeable Board of Directors to guide Tyson Foods. In addition, we have changed the compensation of our board members to include stock-based compensation to better align directors’ and shareholders’ interests. We will continue to act ethically and responsibly in everything we do, and we will do the right thing by our shareholders.
I’d like to emphasize that our vision at Tyson Foods is to be the world’s first choice for protein-based food products while maximizing shareholder value. Our strengths are our people, our scale, market share, value-added products, strong customer relationships, a large portfolio of brands, supply chain capability and strong cash flows. We are moving forward with our strategy to be one integrated company with a wide array of value-added protein-based foods for our customers. We will continue our focus on improving our return on invested capital while targeting average double digit EPS growth and paying down debt.
Because our goal is to be the best food company in the world, we have begun an initiative to analyze and refine the performance of our company to ensure we are working at maximum efficiency and effectiveness. We are streamlining processes and eliminating activities that don’t significantly contribute to our success. We also are working to improve our management processes and to increase the company’s skills and capabilities. We call this initiative “Being, Doing, Doing It Well.” And although the program itself will be completed in 2003, the results will become a part of our culture and our ongoing efforts to improve our operations. I am excited about the results we can bring about and the enthusiasm with which our team members have embraced these efforts.
As I said earlier this year, in a sluggish economy we’ve done okay – not great, not bad – but okay. With the economy and business environment we faced this year, I’ll take okay for now, but I am enthusiastic about what we can accomplish next year and the future of this company for years to come.
John Tyson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our Core Values
We are a company of people engaged in the production of food, seeking to pursue truth and integrity and committed to creating value for our shareholders, our customers and our people in the process.
Who we are:
• We are a company of people gathered to produce food.
• We strive to be honorable people.
• We strive to be a faith-friendly company.
What we do:
• We feed our families, the nation and the world with trusted food products.
• We serve as stewards of the animals, land and environment entrusted to us.
How we do it:
• We strive to earn consistent and satis- factory profits for our shareholders and to invest in our people, products and processes.
• We strive to operate with integrity and trust in all we do.
• We strive to honor God and be respectful of each other, our customers and other stakeholders.
p5
  