From left: Michael J. Ho man and Richard M. Olson

To our valued shareholders,
Fiscal 2016 was another good year for The Toro Company, as we delivered record results for operating earnings, net earnings and earnings per share. We expanded operating earnings to $334 million and achieved net earnings of $231 million, or $2.06 per share. In addition, we returned nearly $178 million to shareholders through the payment of $66 million in dividends and the repurchase of $112 million of our common stock. The share data reflects our two-for-one stock split that took e ect in September 2016. Net sales for the year were $2.392 billion, despite unfavorable snow conditions and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Our Professional segment delivered notable performance led by our golf, landscape contractor, rental and specialty construction businesses. The Company's focus on creating and returning value to our shareholders remains steadfast as evidenced by our fiscal year-end results, along with the increased quarterly dividend that our Board approved in December 2016. The dedication, drive and hard work of each team member within the organization helped us complete the second year of our Destination PRIME journey. We are truly appreciative of the team's outstanding e orts and are proud of our employees' noteworthy accomplishments.

End markets
The Company's success during fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by solid results across most of our Professional segment businesses. Residential segment sales were somewhat tempered by mild snowfall last winter that delayed demand for snow products this preseason. Within the golf market, demand for our equipment grew for the year. This was led by a number of new product introductions, including the Workman® GTX line of utility vehicles and the GeoLinkTM GPS-system for our Multi Pro® sprayers. Ongoing course renovations also helped fuel growth for our golf irrigation products, including our new INFINITY® Series sprinklers. The fact that customers value the innovation and performance of our golf equipment and irrigation o erings was demonstrated during the year as we helped support Hazeltine National Golf Club and Baltusrol Golf Club during their successful hosting of the Ryder Cup and the 2016 PGA Championship, respectively. We are truly honored to support these and the many other venues around the world that trust in our products for maintaining best-in-class conditions. Sales in our landscape contractor businesses also grew for the year, mostly due to strong demand for our innovative zero-turn radius riding mowers and Toro® GrandStand® products. Retail momentum developed early in the spring of fiscal 2016 and continued through the

The Toro Company Expands Position in Professional Irrigation With Acquisition of German-Based Regnerbau Calw GmbH Marketed under the Perrot brand and well-known throughout Europe, the portfolio of retractable, longdistance sprinklers, rain guns and impact sprinklers helps further our presence in the sports fields, agricultural and industrial segments. This acquisition is consistent with our overall growth strategy, helps expand our global footprint, and strengthens our position in both natural and artificial turf maintenance. Pictured: Perrot's VP3 sprinkler, shown here at Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany, features a casting distance of up to 160 feet.

extended fall selling season with the introduction of our new series of zero-turn riders designed with small- to medium-sized professional contractors and large acreage owners in mind. Continued momentum in commercial and residential construction helped boost our rental and specialty construction businesses. In addition to strong sales for the new Toro® Dingo® TX 1000 compact utility loader, we also saw increased interest from utility contractors for our underground utility equipment. Like the construction trade, demand in the sports fields and grounds markets remained at healthy levels throughout the year, which helped drive sales for our large mowing equipment. Our continued focus on government and municipalities, along with our innovative product o erings, contributed to our success in fiscal 2016 and has us well positioned in this important sector going forward. Our agricultural micro irrigation business also grew for the year with demand remaining strong for our expanded line of Aqua-Traxx drip irrigation products,
®

expandable EXT plow and the HTX V-Plow has been strong, as well as interest in other innovative features like our SmartLightTM3 LED headlight system. Like BOSS, our residential snow thrower sales felt the e ects of last winter's low snowfall levels. However, we did see encouraging demand for our new Toro® SnowMaster ® line. Additionally, our walk power mowers delivered a particularly good sales year on the strength of our All-Wheel Drive and SmartStow ® mowers.

Investments in innovation
Just as it played a critical role in the success we achieved in fiscal 2016, we believe innovation will continue to provide a competitive advantage for our Company in the years ahead. Our golf equipment and irrigation businesses are poised with innovative new products to capitalize on positive industry trends. For example, our new Workman® GTX gas and electric vehicles o er the flexibility to adapt to a wide variety of tasks, from hauling equipment to moving people. With over 300 unique configurations available, the GTX is a highly productive multi-tasker and an e cient solution to customers' transport needs. Our landscape contractor businesses are also anticipating a solid year based, in part, on strong acceptance of recently launched products ­ including the Exmark® RadiusTM, Toro® GrandStand® MULTI FORCETM and Toro® TITAN® HD lines. Preseason orders suggest

which helps growers apply water and other nutrients more e ciently. While somewhat impacted by the mild snowfall last winter, we were pleased with preseason shipments and retail activity of our BOSS® professional snow and ice management line. Market acceptance for our new

that our new zero-turn radius riders, which strengthen our value proposition with acreage owners, will prove to be successful this coming spring. The new product pipeline also is strong in our rental and specialty construction business. We are launching a new tracked mud buggy and brush cutter for the coming season. This spring, for residential market, we also plan to launch our new PowerPlexTM family of lithium ion battery-powered residential hand held tools. The line includes string trimmers, a blower, a hedge trimmer and a chain saw, that can all be powered by the same interchangeable battery pack. This versatile system is designed to provide impressive run times, without sacrificing performance, while allowing the operator to easily switch from task to task. Our agricultural, residential and commercial water management businesses should benefit from growing demand for our industry-leading irrigation technologies that help our customers apply water more e ciently to turf, landscapes and agricultural crops. We were pleased to be recognized by U.S. Environmental Protection Agency with the 2016 WaterSense® Excellence Award for e orts in outdoor water e ciency education and outreach, marking the second consecutive year that we received a prestigious WaterSense award.

On behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, we thank all of you, our shareholders, for your continued trust in The Toro Company.

Sincerely,

Richard M. Olson President and Chief Executive O cer

Michael J. Ho man Chairman of the Board

Outlook
Before closing, we want to take this opportunity to again thank all of our employees and channel partners around the world for their critical contributions to the success we achieved in fiscal 2016, as well as for their continued e orts in the new year. Our strong team of dedicated employees made our record-setting fiscal 2016 earnings results possible, and we look forward to another strong year in fiscal 2017. While there are no guarantees of favorable weather and economic conditions, we will continue to focus on those things we can control.

