Michael J. Hoffman, Chairman and CEO

To our valued shareholders,
Fiscal 2014 was a remarkable year for The Toro Company. We celebrated our first 100 years in business and launched our next century. We delivered recordsetting results for the year and successfully completed our multi-year Destination 2014 journey. Also, late in fiscal 2014 we entered into an agreement on our largest acquisition to date, the BOSS professional snow and ice
TM

sales increased by a total of more than $430 million over the initiative and, as noted above, our operating earnings were 12.1 percent as of the end of fiscal 2014. I'm deeply appreciative of the efforts of all of our employees around the world who helped to make Destination 2014 a successful quest, but not our ultimate destination.

management business, and started off our new fiscal year by closing the transaction. Our team's dedication and execution throughout the year enabled us to deliver record revenues, operating earnings, net earnings and earnings per share for fiscal 2014. We increased net sales by 6.4 percent to $2.173 billion, expanded operating earnings to $263.2 million and 12.1 percent of net sales, and delivered net earnings of $173.9 million or $3.02 per share. In addition, we continued to return value to our shareholders by increasing our regular quarterly dividend and repurchasing more than 1.6 million shares of our common stock. I'm proud of each member of our organization; they committed to and drove the achievement of the Destination 2014 revenue and profitability goals. When we launched this employee initiative back in fiscal 2011, it was our goal to achieve $100 million in organic sales growth each of the four years and 12 percent or better in operating earnings by the end of fiscal 2014. Our organic

End markets
The company's fiscal 2014 performance was solid  across our professional and residential businesses  and we successfully drove share gains in many product categories. In the domestic golf market, the late arrival of spring again this year caused rounds played to be down early, but favorable summer and fall conditions increased play and helped to grow overall course revenues. On the international scene, new golf course development continued to progress in key markets  with customers favoring our irrigation and equipment offerings. Sustained product innovation and performance, and the strength of our distribution channel, will be critical factors in helping us grow  our worldwide golf leadership position in fiscal 2015  and beyond. Our landscape and grounds businesses capitalized on the strong retail demand that we experienced much of the year. Additional investments in turf equipment by landscape contractors who benefited from the robust snow season last winter helped to drive early sales.

Favorable summer growing conditions and our offering of innovative new products provided additional momentum for the category. The professional grounds business expanded with improved state and local government budgets and demand for our productivityenhancing offerings. Our rental and specialty construction businesses grew as we attracted new channel partners and end-user customers with our broader portfolio of products. Rounding out our professional businesses, increased demand for more efficient irrigation solutions for agriculture and higher food production needs drove sales growth in our  micro-irrigation business in fiscal 2014 and will drive market expansion in the future. We got off to a very strong start in our residential business, as last winter's heavy snowfalls drove strong retail activity that cleared snow blower inventory early in fiscal 2014 and set the stage for a robust preseason this fall. When the 2014 spring season arrived, we saw increased demand for our enhanced zero-turn riding mowers, as more consumers transition to that riding platform from traditional lawn tractors, and fall clean-up activity helped to drive sales of our electric blowers. We believe that we are well-poised for fiscal 2015 with a strong line-up of new products and expanded product placement with key retailers.

For example, we introduced the Sand Pro® 2040Z, a zero-turn mechanical bunker rake that is setting a new productivity standard in golf bunker maintenance with unmatched maneuverability and productivity. Our innovative new golf irrigation products are generating strong reviews; in particular, our INFINITY® Series sprinkler with SMART ACCESS® allows quick and easy access to internal components without digging to provide significant labor savings and is designed for future upgrades as new technologies become available. In November, we launched an important new  micro-irrigation product for the agricultural market, Aqua-Traxx® FC (Flow Control) with the PBX Advantage.  This is the first product in the industry that provides enhanced flexibility and control by increasing or decreasing flow while maintaining uniform output  across changing elevations. Looking ahead to the spring of 2015, our landscape contractor customers will be deploying the latest in  our industry-leading line of propane-powered EFI equipment--a 52-inch stand-on mower. In addition,  our new stand-on spreader sprayers feature a unique  "Lean to Steer" technology that allows operators to control steering with one hand so they can adjust application settings during operation for enhanced precision and productivity.

Investments in innovation
Innovation, one of the linchpins of our success in our first century, helped us build momentum across our businesses again in fiscal 2014 and has us encouraged as we look ahead to 2015.

Our next generation of residential zero-turn mowers includes our TimeCutter® SW Series zero-turn tractor that is equipped with a steering wheel. Now homeowners can enjoy the maneuverability and time-savings of zero-turn technology in their choice of steering controls.

Another new product, our Recycler® walk-behind mower with all-wheel-drive, is generating early interest. Finally, now that we have completed most of the engineering changes to our large equipment models relating to the Tier 4 diesel engine emission requirements, we can redirect more of our research  and engineering investments to new product development. As a result, in the years ahead, we look forward to delivering an even greater number of innovative products that help provide needed  solutions for our customers.

Finally, as famed author Mark Twain is credited with saying, "if you stand still, you will fall behind." In that spirit, we recently launched our next multi-year employee initiative--Destination PRIME--which reflects  a continued focus on a world of opportunities for us.  The three-year goals of Destination PRIME are to increase organic net sales by at least 5 percent each year, achieve operating earnings of 13 percent or higher by the end of fiscal 2017, and drive average net working capital down to 13 percent or lower by the end of fiscal 2017. PRIME also will serve as an acronym highlighting our focus on Productivity, Relationships and Innovation, which will help to generate Momentum in our pursuit of Excellence in all we do. We believe achieving these goals will bolster our ongoing drive to serve our customers and deliver superior shareholder value. On behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, I want to thank all of you, our shareholders, for your continued trust in The Toro Company. Sincerely,

Outlook
Reflecting back on an amazing centennial year, and all that was accomplished, makes me very grateful to be associated with such a terrific team. We embark on our second century with confidence and optimism as we  look ahead to fiscal 2015. While there are no guarantees of favorable weather or better economic conditions,  we will continue to focus on those things we can control--developing innovative products and services and serving our customers. Also fueling our excitement is our recently acquired BOSS professional snow and ice management  business, which extends our presence in the  professional contractor and municipal markets and supports our growth goals in a meaningful way.  We believe that BOSS aligns extremely well with our company from both business and cultural perspectives, which is critical to future success.

Michael J. Hoffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

