Michael J. Hoffman, Chairman and CEO

To our valued shareholders,
We are pleased to have delivered record revenues, operating earnings and earnings per share for fiscal 2013. I am extremely proud of our team and their passion for innovation and serving our customers. It is through the unwavering commitment to these core values that we increased net sales by 4.2 percent to a record $2.04 billion, surpassing the two billion dollar level for the first time in the company's history. Crossing over this significant mark was a gratifying way to help kick off the coming year, in which we will celebrate another important milestone--the 100th anniversary of our founding on July 10, 1914. As we prepare for our second century, the company's focus on both creating value for and returning value to our shareholders remains steadfast. In addition to achieving record net sales, our operating earnings expanded to 11.3 percent of net sales and a record $230.7 million, our net income grew to $154.8 million and we delivered record earnings per share of $2.62. Other highlights for fiscal 2013 included increasing our regular quarterly cash dividend, continuing our share repurchase program, and expanding the global footprint of our micro irrigation business through the completion of the acquisition of Xiamen Water Saving Equipment Company in Xiamen City, China.

End markets
Performance was solid across all of our professional businesses aided by demand for our successful new and enhanced products, as well as improved market conditions. In the U.S., sales increased across most professional businesses. On the international front, the economic recovery continued its modest pace with widely varying regional conditions. We also benefited from increased sales of golf and micro irrigation products in parts of Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In fiscal 2013, the domestic golf and grounds businesses saw the beginning of the phase-in of the Tier 4 diesel engine transition for larger equipment. For us, this meant a strong first half of our fiscal year--and first quarter, in particular--driven by increased channel demand for our pre-Tier 4 golf and grounds equipment offerings. Sales ultimately evened out for the full fiscal year, as we expected. Adverse spring weather conditions kept golf rounds down early and for the year, but improved summer weather and increased play somewhat helped golf course revenue recover. Turning to golf irrigation, upgrades and replacements increased and we earned a number of significant systems installation projects at premier venues around the world. Looking ahead, with golf rounds played down last year, some customers may be conservative with their purchases in fiscal 2014. However, we expect

they will continue to seek ways to reduce operational costs and look to our innovative products to help increase productivity and manage expenditures. In addition, we are optimistic about new golf course development in key international markets. The landscape contractor and grounds markets delivered solid results in fiscal 2013. Our landscape contractor customers drove strong retail activity throughout the year, especially in the professional zero-turn product category. Tax-supported professional grounds customers benefited from improved revenues and looked to our wide array of products for greater productivity. Our rental and construction customer base continued to grow on the strength of our new Toro-branded underground products and expanded rental offerings. With commercial and residential construction investment projected to expand in 2014, the outlook for growth for these markets looks similarly strong. Increasing demand for more efficient irrigation solutions for agriculture drove growth in the micro irrigation market in fiscal 2013. We benefited from additional manufacturing capacity to meet higher demand for our products, and we expanded our global footprint for this market with our China micro-irrigation acquisition. In our residential business, which is more immediately affected by the weather, sales were down slightly for the year. Reduced preseason demand for snow products in early fiscal 2013, and unfavorable spring weather at the beginning of the key selling season, both detracted from the annual segment results. On a positive note,

more consumers are changing from traditional frontengine riders to our zero-turn riding mowers, including our innovative TimeCutter® line. Additionally, we saw higher demand for our handheld trimmer and blower products in the U.S., as well as for our Pope-branded irrigation products in Australia. If Mother Nature is cooperative, we believe we are poised for market success in fiscal 2014 with a number of new product offerings, increased product placement and strong marketing programs.

Investments in innovation
Since 1914, innovation has been the lifeblood of this company. In fiscal 2013, our new product offerings continued to help us defend and grow our market positions across our businesses. For example, we introduced our new Reelmaster® 3550-D, the lightest fairway mower in the industry. With a productive 82-inch cutting width, and weighing less than 2,000 pounds, this machine is gentle on turf and delivers an outstanding quality of cut. For the third year in a row, we earned a new product contest award from the Irrigation Association--this time for our new Toro® EVOLUTION® irrigation controller. With an intuitive interface and exclusive features for upgrading to "smart" control, the EVOLUTION controller is an easy choice for residential and light-commercial irrigation applications. For our landscape and grounds customers, our new HorizonTM technology on Toro® Z Master® electronic fuel injected models, and our REDTM equipped Exmark® Lazer Z®

Series mowers, offer onboard intelligence platforms to enhance overall performance in a wide range of mowing conditions by allowing communication and response between key systems on the mower. Homeowners looking to save space can now reduce the footprint of their walk power mower by up to 70 percent with the new Toro Recycler mower with SmartStow
® ® TM

are cautiously optimistic about the prospects for our Centennial year, yet ever aware of the challenges that economic and weather uncertainties can present. The final year of our Destination 2014 initiative has commenced and we are pursuing our goals of $100 million in organic growth in fiscal 2014 and 12 percent operating earnings by the end of fiscal 2014. We also remain committed to returning value to our shareholders, as demonstrated by the recent increase in our quarterly cash dividend and raising our annual dividend guideline to 30­40 percent of the three-year average of earnings per share. I want to thank our employees around the world for their dedication and hard work that made our strong fiscal 2013 results possible. For the last 100 years, you have been the foundation of this company and your commitment will lead us to even greater future success. Finally, on behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, I want to thank all of you, our shareholders, for your continued trust in The Toro Company. Sincerely,

technology. This breakthrough mower can be stored vertically and features technology that ensures no leaking of gas or oil when stored in the upright position. Combined with the durable, high-quality mulching of the Recycler mower, homeowners can now save both space and time. Finally, the lithium-ion battery technology on the new Toro 48-volt Max string trimmer gives homeowners the
®

power and performance of a gas trimmer without the hassle and maintenance of gas and oil. This trimmer uses high capacity interchangeable batteries that provide up to twice the power per weight when compared to traditional batteries. As we approach our Centennial, our commitment to innovation is stronger than ever, evidenced by our record $65 million investment into engineering and research in fiscal 2013.

Outlook
We will remain focused on the very things that have made us successful for our first 100 years: developing innovative products and serving our customers. These values helped to drive our record results in fiscal 2013 and will continue to drive our efforts in 2014. As such, we
Michael J. Hoffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

