                                                              2011 was a poor year in financial results for The Washington Post Company; 2012 is almost certain to be little better.
We are investing significantly to see healthy growth from Kaplan in 2013 and beyond. (I’ll explain in this letter why simple mathematics makes such growth in 2012 very unlikely.) I think this is the smartest course for the Company.
Since you, as shareholders, are partners of all of us in Post Company management going forward, I’ll try to spell out what we see as the pluses and minuses of the approach we’re taking. You can then make up your own mind about whether you want to come with us.
To sum up the high points from the non- education parts of the Company: it was another good year (though operating results declined) at Cable ONE, where some competitive storm clouds continue to gather; and an even better year at Post–Newsweek Stations, which was far more profitable in 2011 than I’d have predicted in 2009. Cable ONE was our most profitable business in 2011. With political and Olympics-year advertising, Post–Newsweek Stations should lead the Company in 2012.
This account leaves out our most famous busi- ness, the one our Company is named for.
The Washington Post had its ups and downs in 2011. I’ll try to sum up both the progress and the problems honestly. And this is honest: I feel better about the Post’s future prospects at the end of 2011 than at the beginning.
Why?
Many of us read and love the print Washington Post newspaper every day when we’re at home. The Post team, led by publisher Katharine Weymouth, president Steve Hills and executive editor Marcus Brauchli, has managed the print newspaper business very well. While our circu- lation continued to decline in 2011, it is unbe- lievably strong compared to that of others.
Washington is the number eight market in the U.S., according to Nielsen. The Post’s circulation is miles higher than the local circulation of news- papers in all the larger markets, except for The Los Angeles Times (which is about 11% larger than the Post in daily circulation — in a market more than twice the size of Washington).
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Daily CirCulation
 Rank
 Newspaper
 Total Print
  1
 Los Angeles Times
 534,843
  2
 The Washington Post
 480,310
  3
 New York Post
 441,201
  4
 New York Daily News
 435,656
  5
 Chicago Tribune
 4 1 3,630
  6
 Newsday
 292,056
  7
 Phoenix Republic
 291,799
  8
 Houston Chronicle
 259,098
  9
  Denver Post
  258,876
 10
 Minneapolis Star-Tribune
 247,264
 Source: September 2011 ABC FAS-FAX
   In addition, the Post remained profitable, excluding pension expense (though less so in 2011 than in 2010) and continued to put out great newspapers.
2
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

                                                              But the future of the Post will be affected more by the substantial digital progress of 2011. Excellence at what we have done for years will not get us to the future; we need to transition to a new business model:
• Visits have been up 14% two years in a row.
• Monthly unique readers were up 26% for
the year.
• Mobile visits were up 98%.
• Engagement and repeat visits, however
measured, were up (but in this crucial area, we all want to do much better).
Marcus Brauchli and the whole Post newsroom (and a lot of technology and business people) deserve credit for all the digital achievements.
Every day of my 41 years here, I’ve been proud to be part of The Washington Post — now as much as ever. In 2011, Post reporters had a particularly good year raising bipartisan havoc among the corrupt, the inept and the lazy. Brave war corre- spondents (Ernesto Londono, Josh Partlow, Karin Brulliard, Sudarsan Raghavan and others) kept the focus on Iraq, Afghanistan and other war zones; Dan Balz, Karen Tumulty and a brilliant cast of young reporters led our campaign coverage.
Though cost-cutting is an inevitable and crucial part of the future, we’ll continue to give readers a great newspaper every day (to use an old- fashioned term).
The Post also added Shailesh Prakash, vice president–technology, who may become the newspaper’s Most Valuable Player in the future. He’s a highly sophisticated engineer and team builder who takes on the task of leading our developers, engineers and systems people into the future.
3
The Post now has a strong top-management team across the board.
Meanwhile, the WaPo Labs team created two new products: Trove, a personalized news site, and Washington Post Social Reader, a Facebook app.
Trove is off to a very promising start. I use it often, and it points me to stories of great inter- est that I’d otherwise miss.
Social Reader has astonished us all. It debuted on September 22, the day of Facebook’s devel- oper conference.
As I write, just five months later, 15 million peo- ple have downloaded it.
What is it?
1. It’s an application on Facebook. To use it, you
have to download it on the Facebook site: just enter “Washington Post Social Reader” into the Facebook search bar, then click on “Go to App” when a permission box appears.
2. It’s a “social reading” experience. If you sign up, you’ll see what your friends are reading, and they’ll see what you’re reading.
I certainly don’t think Social Reader is the answer to the future of news. But, it’s taught me three things:
1. 80% of those downloading it are 18 to 34
years old. It’s the first news project our Company’s ever done that reaches millions of young people.
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

                                                              2. It’s convinced me that successful news sites in the future will include social features. You’ll be offered the chance to see what your friends are reading, and vice versa (of course, not everyone will want to do this).
3. The WaPo Labs team is terrific. Chief digital officer Vijay Ravindran has built a team that could build Social Reader quickly and well.
Expect a lot more activity from the Labs team in 2012. Their charge is to skip a generation and create compelling news sites way beyond today’s. Obviously, this will include attempts to monetize them.
On Kaplan, I’ll start with the bad news. Operating income fell from $347 million in 2010 to $89 mil- lion in 2011. It won’t go up much, if at all, in 2012.
We fell that much in part because of new fed- eral regulations on private-sector higher edu- cation. We’ll be serving 40,000 fewer students in 2012 than in 2010.
To go over old ground for one paragraph: fed- eral regulation of private-sector higher educa- tion is now almost completely incoherent. Every ten years or so, congressional investigations or news stories lead to the adoption of new layers of regulation aimed at “punishing bad actors.” Old layers are never repealed. Zeal for pursuing the bad abounds; equal zeal for rewarding col- leges that provide students with well-taught, beneficial programs at low cost isn’t there.
Into the arena last year came an important new voice. Andy Rosen, the CEO of Kaplan, amazingly found time to write a book: Change.edu. It isn’t a
defense of private-sector education; it’s a look at what’s ahead in all of American higher education.
Andy provides sympathetic insight into the challenges facing our private colleges and an equally sympathetic look at the benefits and limitations of community colleges.
Then he writes about private-sector colleges, describing what we do well and not as well.
It’s a terrific book. Former New York City schools chancellor Joel Klein wrote: “This is a must- read book for those who care about fixing our national higher-education problems.”
Bill Gates called it “persuasive,” “truly important” and “highly readable.”
I think so much of Andy’s book that I’ll send a free copy to any shareholder who writes to me (grahamd@washpost.com) and asks. It’s an invaluable argument on a critical subject.
The gist of Andy’s argument (and mine) is that 60% of U.S. jobs today require some col- lege. (Will this number not go up?) Only 40% of adults have an associate’s degree or higher. This country needs more college graduates; it needs them, in particular, from demographic groups not served (or served poorly) by exist- ing universities. Expansion of traditional col- leges to serve these students is unlikely.
Good private-sector colleges can offer these students a quality education. The sedimentary layers of conflicting, confusing federal regula- tion are their main obstacle. (As I’ve written in past years, today’s regulations have the acciden- tal effect of propping up tuition prices, to take
 4
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

                                                              just one example. We’d cut tuition for many pro- grams if somehow freed from these regulations.)
What might have been better (if existing regu- lations were done away with):
• How about incenting private-sector colleges
to educate lower income students who need
the most help?
• How about regulating private-sector col-
leges based on what students actually learn? (Remember, all our programs are aimed at teaching job-related skills.)
• How about making part of federal aid depen- dent on students graduating?
• How about asking private-sector colleges to share the government’s losses when stu- dents default?
Kaplan results from 2011 were very poor com- pared to 2010:
ago, when our student “starts” were much greater. The math makes it almost impossible for our revenue numbers to grow in 2012.
But we do intend to grow. As I’ve just written: high-quality private-sector higher education seems a very promising business for the future. We’re recruiting different students: investments in still-better courses should increase our grad- uation rates; and the Kaplan Commitment I’ve described so often will improve these rates, too.
Elsewhere in Kaplan: our test prep business made significant progress in changing its business model. John Polstein, who has come through for Kaplan in countless challenging assignments, may be succeeding in the tough- est of all.
In Kaplan Asia Pacific, we acquired two good- sized vocational-training businesses in Australia —  Franklyn Scholar and Carrick Education Group. Going forward, these should be important con- tributors to Kaplan.
Let us now say a word in praise of Cable ONE and Post–Newsweek Stations, whose steady profitability and excellent management have been crucial to the Company during bad days at the Post and Kaplan.
Cable ONE continued to provide great service to customers in its markets. Our profits were pinched by our own strategy. We’ve taken no rate increases since 2009 to hold market share against satellite and telephone competitors. Our capital expenditures will be high in 2012 and 2013 as we renovate our plant.
 %
(in thousands)
 2011
 2010
 Change
 Operating Income (Loss)
Higher education
$148,9 1 5)
$406,880)
(63)
Test preparation
(28,498)
(32,58 3)
13)
Kaplan international
46,498)
56,152)
(17)
Kaplan ventures
(10,093)
(17,490)
42)
Kaplan corporate and other
(67,388)
(66,226)
(2)
 $ 89,434)
 $346,733)
(74)
    Almost all of the decline in profits came from our higher education business. It won’t be reversed soon. We are recruiting and accept- ing fewer lower income students under the new “gainful employment” regulation, so the num- ber of student “starts” is down from past years. But we’re still graduating pretty large numbers of those who started our programs a few years
5
2011 ANNUAL REPORT

                                                              We’re squeezed by the networks, which demand two things from us — a high price (fair enough, if they provide value) and an arrange- ment that we offer their programming to all customers, whether these customers want the programs or not.
Thus, approximately 75% of customers do not look at sports and are forced to pay up for ESPN. (Want to know why pro athletes’ salaries are so high? Here’s part of the reason.)
Senator John McCain has had this one right all along: customers ought to be asked to pay only for the channels they want.
Like other cable companies, we recognize that far more of our future profits will come from our Internet service than from video. So we pro- vide the best: move to a Cable ONE market for 50 Mbps Internet service as a standard package.
We expect Tom Might and Cable ONE’s out- standing management to keep the company performing well for many years.
Before commercials extolling Detroit came to be part of the Super Bowl, Post–Newsweek’s downtown Detroit headquarters was home to one of the country’s most innovative and suc- cessful broadcast groups.
PNS chose Detroit as its home in 1991 because our largest station, WDIV, was headquartered there. We traded for it in 1978, and the station struggled for years, until Alan Frank became its station manager in the 1980s. Under Alan, and now under longtime Detroiter Marla Drutz, WDIV became and remains the news leader in the Motor City.
Alan moved up to run PNS and has led the company through an era of excellence.
KSAT, in San Antonio, has been number one in its market in news since we acquired it in 1994. Its leader since before we acquired the station, Jim Joslyn, retired last year with loud applause from everyone in The Washington Post Company. Phil Lane already looks like a strong successor.
One other Post–Newsweek Station, WJXT in Jacksonville, also led its market in news. The unique WJXT, an independent station since Alan’s bold decision to disaffiliate in 2002, is a frequent market leader in sign-on to sign-off ratings under Post–Newsweek veteran Bob Ellis.
Olympics and political revenues will boost all Post–Newsweek stations to a strong 2012. PNS didn’t wait. With all six stations contrib- uting (and thanks to Jerry Martin of KPRC in Houston, Dave Boylan at WPLG in Miami and Skip Valet at WKMG in Orlando, as well as those mentioned above), the stations contributed an extraordinary $117 million in operating income in 2011, within 4% of 2010’s results. The previous year had benefited from more than $35 million in Olympics and election-related advertising. 2012 shapes up as a banner year.
One other part of the Company had a great year in 2011 — improbably enough, our pension inves- tors, who earned almost 15% in a year in which the S&P 500 was up about 2%. Congratulations once again to Bob Goldfarb, of Ruane, Cunniff & Goldfarb, and Sandy Gottesman, of First Manhattan. Thanks to them, our pension plan is in solid shape.
 6
THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY

                                                              So is our balance sheet. We ended the year with $565 million of debt (most of it due in 2019) and $745 million in cash and investments. We’re ready to invest when good opportunities arise.
And arise they will. Franklyn Scholar and Carrick are typical of the kinds of add-on education opportunities we like. We’re also listening to own- ers who want to sell businesses in fields other than education and media — if the owners want to stay and run those businesses after a sale.
We made one excellent investment last year, repurchasing more than 600,000 shares of our own stock. In 2010 and 2011, we repurchased roughly 18% of our outstanding shares, increas- ing your ownership by that amount.
We are losing a valued adviser from our board: John Dotson, formerly publisher of two
newspapers and an old Newsweek hand, will retire in May. John, one of my first bosses at The Post Company, has been an important adviser for decades.
Bo Jones, vice chairman of the Company, left at year-end to become CEO of MacNeil/Lehrer Productions. Bo has been one of my wisest counselors for more than 30 years; he was an outstanding president and then publisher of the Post. I will miss him and envy the folks at MacNeil/Lehrer.
We were lucky to add an outstanding new director to our board — Larry Thompson, for- mer deputy attorney general of the United States and retired general counsel of PepsiCo.
DONaLD E. GRaham
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
February 24, 2012
  In November, hundreds of us at The Washington Post Company lost a dear friend. Chris Ma, at the time of his death, was senior vice president–strategy and development. He died of a sudden heart attack.
Wise, patient and caring, Chris contributed in a hundred dif- ferent ways. He was a writer and editor at Newsweek, the second editor of washingtonpost.com and a contributor on every one of our digital projects since we first published on the Internet. Chris was the founder and publisher of Express, our 180,000-circulation free newspaper. He was also the infor- mal adviser to everyone in the building with an innovative idea, from the newest-hired intern at Express to Ben Bradlee.
 7
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
