A Message from the Chairman and CEO

To Our Fellow Stockholders, Whether in film, television or publishing, this is an exciting time for the media industry. It is also a time of great opportunity, with changes in technology and consumer behavior opening up new avenues for revenue generation and cost savings for companies that have the resources and talent to capitalize on them. With our industry-leading scale and some of the most admired brands and franchises in media and entertainment, as well as strong operational and financial momentum, Time Warner is well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities and to deliver steady, attractive returns for our stockholders over the long term. Time Warner began 2009 with an ambitious agenda, and we achieved what we set out to do. We delivered strong adjusted earnings-per-share growth last year, despite the worst recession in decades. Our Networks and Filmed Entertainment businesses posted record profits in 2009, driven largely by the strength of our content. We strengthened our balance sheet in 2009, even while returning more than $2 billion to our stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. We also became a more contentfocused company, completing spinoffs of Time Warner Cable and AOL, which has enabled us to concentrate all of our energy and resources on what we do best -- making and distributing the most compelling branded content for traditional and emerging platforms. In 2010, we'll build on this foundation by continuing to develop our scale and brands, investing more in programming and production, improving our efficiency, extending our brands internationally and accelerating the digital transition in our businesses. There's growing evidence that industry trends are increasing the value of the content we produce. For example, as the proliferation of distribution outlets and devices increases consumer choice and consumption, research suggests that people are gravitating toward -- and are willing to pay for-- highquality content from trusted brands, which plays into our strengths.

Above, top to bottom: Curb Your Enthusiasm, The Hangover Opposite: The Big Bang Theory

Above, top to bottom: Robert Osborne and Alec Baldwin on Turner Classic Movies, Real Simple Opposite: CNN's Anderson Cooper in Afghanistan

At our TV networks, we made considerable investments in original programming last year to make them even more attractive for viewers, advertisers and affiliates. At Turner in 2010, we are bringing back hit shows like TNT's The Closer and Leverage and developing new original dramas from Steven Spielberg and George Clooney, while expanding our original programming lineup on TBS as well. At CNN, we are continuing to invest in newsgathering to deliver the most comprehensive, nonpartisan news and analysis to global audiences across all platforms. In addition, we'll build on our successes at HLN, with its interview programs headlined by Nancy Grace, Joy Behar and others, and at CNN.com, which is the #1 news and information site on the Web. At HBO in 2010, in addition to bringing back acclaimed and popular original series like True Blood, Entourage, Big Love and Hung, we will premiere two new drama series: David Simon's Treme and Martin Scorsese's Boardwalk Empire. In March 2010, HBO debuted The Pacific, the

miniseries from Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks, which is the companion to HBO's award-winning Band of Brothers. HBO will also debut this year You Don't Know Jack, a film directed by Barry Levinson and starring Al Pacino in the title role of Dr. Jack Kevorkian. Warner Bros. delivered a recordbreaking year at the global box office in 2009. We are very excited and optimistic about this year's film slate. Tentpole releases include the seventh Harry Potter film; Sex and the City 2; Inception, from Christopher Nolan, the director of The Dark Knight; Due Date, from Todd Phillips, the director of The Hangover; Clash of the Titans; Yogi Bear; and Legend of the Guardians, a 3D, computer-generated animated film based on the popular young adult book series, Guardians of Ga'Hoole. We are also proud of our new IMAX movie, Hubble 3D, a film in the tradition of Deep Sea 3D, another IMAX release. At Warner Bros.' TV production arm, we will continue to develop and foster

Time Warner / Annual Report 2009

Time Warner / Annual Report 2009

the relationships with A-list writers and directors that made us the #1 provider of broadcast TV programming for 18 of the past 23 years. In 2009, our success at the box office and on TV also contributed to our #1 share in the home video business for the ninth consecutive year. In 2010, we will continue to lead the transition of the home video business from packaged media to digital. At Time Inc., we have restructured our business to improve efficiency and to weather the downturn in print advertising. As we move forward, we will continue to distance ourselves from our competitors by investing in our biggest brands and outstanding editorial content. On the digital front, our approach across Time Warner is to extend our successful business models to new digital platforms, in ways that provide not only increased choice and convenience for consumers but also incremental growth for our company. Turner and HBO are pioneering the TV Everywhere initiative to enable those who subscribe to television programming services in their homes to watch their favorite programs at no extra charge on a wide range of

other devices. Similarly, Warner Bros. is leading the industry by redefining the distribution windows for theatrical films, such as making movies available through video-on-demand simultaneously or even before their DVD releases. Time Inc. will continue to work with the consortium we formed with several other publishers to develop a new digital storefront that will enable consumers to enjoy their favorite print content on tablets and other digital devices. We view these devices as a key way to transition the dual-revenue stream print business model to digital--part of our effort to deliver our content wherever, whenever and however people want it. Our businesses will also continue to expand internationally. In 2009, for example, Time Warner acquired a significant stake in Central European Media Enterprises Ltd., a leading media company in Central and Eastern Europe. In 2010, we will continue to expand selectively in higher-growth markets. HBO recently acquired full ownership of its joint venture HBO Central Europe as well as majority ownership in HBO Latin America Group and HBO Asia. Turner, which currently operates more than
Above, top to bottom: TIME.com, Ben 10: Alien Swarm Opposite: True Blood

100 feeds across almost 200 countries, will launch new feeds in international markets and add new distributors. Our strategy for delivering stockholder returns includes paying dividends and buying back our stock. Earlier this year, we raised our quarterly dividend by 13.3% and increased our outstanding share purchase program to $3 billion. We now maintain the highest dividend payout ratio of our peers, and we're on pace to return even more capital to stockholders in 2010 than last year. We believe there will always be demand for our company's content: good stories, well told, that engage people's minds and emotions. As we write the next chapter in Time Warner's story, we have great confidence in the future of high-quality content, in our strategic position and in our ability to enhance stockholder value. We believe that delivering a superior return to our stockholders goes hand in hand with fulfilling our broader role as a corporate citizen. Indeed, many of the principles that support

the success of our businesses--journalistic integrity, freedom of expression, access to information, diversity of viewpoints and responsibility to community-- are also at the heart of our role as a corporate citizen. We are excited to continue to build on that record of business and civic leadership. I'm very grateful to our talented and hardworking employees for their many contributions to our company. Their creativity, professionalism and dedication make all the difference in driving our success. My colleagues and I appreciate your loyalty to Time Warner. We will continue to work hard to justify and reward your faith in us.

Above, top to bottom: Sex and the City 2, Hung Opposite: People iPhone app

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO March 29, 2010

Time Warner / Annual Report 2009

