A Message from the Chairman and CEO
The words and images on the preceding pages capture the spirit of Time Warner. Our tradition of great storytelling has been coupled with an equally impressive history of innovation since the 1920s, when the Warner brothers made the first talking picture, The Jazz Singer, and Henry Luce and Briton Hadden invented the newsweekly by launching TIME. They were groundbreaking new forms of popular media ­ forever changing the stories we told and the ways we told them. Television, of course, would later become the defining medium of the 20th ­ and now 21st ­ century. And today we stand alone among the preeminent television companies in the world, thanks to Warner Bros.' leading TV studio, Turner Broadcasting's powerful and diverse array of networks, and the groundbreaking programming that has made HBO not just a leader in the industry but a pioneer in stretching the limits of how television can affect people's lives. But even as our businesses have changed, and continue to change, these themes remain constant: First, we cultivate an unparalleled passion for storytelling. And, second, we embrace innovation in all its forms. Over the last few years, we've accomplished a lot. Three years ago, we put in place a strategy to become the premier global content company while simultaneously improving our returns. Since then, our businesses have remained leaders in their respective industries, and in many cases we've gained share. At the same time, we've led the digital transition of the industries in which we operate. We've added $3.6 billion in annual revenues since 2009, growing even faster internationally than we did in the United States; we've more than doubled our adjusted earnings per share (EPS) over the past three years as we grew adjusted operating income at a 12% compounded annual growth rate; and we've generated $8 billion in free cash flow, which enabled us to raise our dividend three times and buy back more than 20% of our outstanding stock. Last year was another example of strong performance. In 2011, we increased revenues 8% (our highest growth rate since 2003), adjusted operating income by 9%, and adjusted EPS by 20%. We've executed this strategy by orienting the company around a few key priorities, built on our firm belief that the value of what we produce ­ our television networks and shows, films, and magazines ­ will increase as distribution opportunities grow through technological developments and geographic expansion.

2011 Annual Report 9

The priorities are to: 1. Continue to create, acquire, and distribute great content. 2. Lead our industries in developing new business models that improve the ways consumers access, experience, and enjoy our content while also further enhancing our economics. 3. Expand our unique brands and carry content into areas of the globe where our scale and capabilities give us a distinct competitive advantage. 4. Achieve all this while improving both our operating and capital efficiency. Consider the past year. Our storytelling and our journalism have never been stronger, and we've steadily increased our investments in creating, acquiring, and marketing our programming. Of course, the credit in translating investment into success goes first to our most valuable asset: our employees and creative partners. It's their passion and talent that infuses everything we do. In television, we continued to introduce hit programming at all our networks, including Falling Skies on TNT ­ the #1 rated new series on ad-supported cable for 2011 ­ and the debut of the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament across TNT, TBS, and truTV. CNN saw its primetime viewership increase nearly 30% in 2011 over the previous year among adults 25 to 54 and continues to provide distinguished coverage of the election cycle. Cartoon Network posted its most-watched primetime in five years with its target kid audiences last year, and recently introduced its most successful live-action show in its history, Level Up. And the recent addition of The Big Bang Theory to TBS helped make it the #1 cable network in primetime with its key demographics so far this year. We're proud of the critical acclaim and strong ratings our shows and networks have earned ­ spanning multiple

genres and with broad generational appeal. But above all, we're proud to provide programming that viewers have embraced and made part of their daily lives. HBO continued to push the boundaries of television as an art form, producing breathtaking and award-winning series such as Game of Thrones, Boardwalk Empire, and True Blood as well as films, mini-series, and documentaries such as Game Change, Mildred Pierce, and Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory. And for the 2011-2012 broadcast television season, Warner Bros. produced more than 30 scripted primetime series, making it again the leading supplier of primetime programming to the broadcast networks and once again demonstrating its ability to create new hit shows, such as 2 Broke Girls and Person of Interest. In film last year, Warner Bros. became the first studio to exceed $4 billion in global box office for three consecutive years and remained #1 in home video, both domestically and internationally. The flawless finale of the Harry Potter films ­ the most successful series in cinematic history ­ demonstrated our ability to build and manage franchises. And we're excited about Warner Bros.' upcoming slate, including The Dark Knight Rises and the first installment of The Hobbit. Amid a challenging publishing environment, Time Inc. managed to increase its share of domestic advertising as well as its lead over its nearest competitor while producing great journalism that gained accolades, such as TIME and PEOPLE being named to Adweek's Hot List. Across the business, we produce publications that are admired and envied within the industry and prized by their readers. On the digital front, we're proud of the progress we made in 2011 on our Content Everywhere initiatives ­ all designed to take advantage of technology to deliver our stories to people wherever, whenever, and however they

10 Time Warner

want them in a way that enhances value for both consumers and us. Our viewers and readers asked for choice, ease of use, mobility, and portability ­ in fact, they demanded it. We listened and are making it happen. And we're doing it in a way that provides value for both our customers and our company. At our networks businesses, this means TV Everywhere. The idea is that if you already pay for a network through a cable, satellite, or telephone provider, you should have access to it on demand and on any device, such as tablets, smart phones, and connected TVs. In film it's UltraViolet, which is designed to jumpstart the home video industry by providing consumers who purchase a DVD with a digital cloud copy that is accessible on a wide range of devices. And at our publishing business it's what we call All Access, which allows consumers to enjoy their favorite magazines in print, on tablets, and online, all for one price. A year ago, all these initiatives were just starting to roll out. Today, almost 80 million U.S. households can access Turner content through TV Everywhere, including streaming versions of CNN and HLN. HBO GO, which launched last May on mobile devices, is one of the bestreceived apps and is now available to essentially all of HBO's domestic subscribers as well as several international territories. Last fall, Warner Bros. was the first studio to release UltraViolet-compatible DVDs and make them accessible to consumers through its Flixster service. And Time Inc. became the first publisher to make all its U.S. titles ­ 21 in all ­ available in tablet form. So, we've made great strides. In a short time, we've reinforced our position as a leader in the industry and a company that gives consumers what they want. But we're not satisfied. We want to do even more and push even harder. The next phase for Content Everywhere

will be making it easier to use and more widely available, and enabling and encouraging more customers to take advantage of these new services. We'll also work to give advertisers even more tools to measure the value we provide. We're very excited about the future of these initiatives. Reflecting our confidence in our competitive position and our commitment to continue improving returns, in early 2012, Time Warner's board authorized an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend (the third increase in three years) and $4 billion in additional share repurchases. For the remainder of 2012, we again plan to increase investments in our businesses, which we'll fund in part by continuing to aggressively manage our overhead costs and seeking efficiencies across the company. As we do all this, we remain focused on our basic beliefs in journalistic integrity, freedom of expression, and responsible content. And we are committed to telling stories from a range of viewpoints that resonate with an even more diverse and global audience. By aligning ourselves with these beliefs, we're able to drive the growth of our businesses in a responsible and ethical manner, strengthen our reputation, and help create a better connected and well-informed world. On behalf of all of Time Warner's employees, I thank you for the trust you've placed in us. We'll continue to work hard on your behalf to earn that trust.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO March 23, 2012

2011 Annual Report 11

