A Message from the Chairman and CEO

The driving force behind Time Warner is our passion for sharing stories from the most talented and creative voices in our industries. Several years ago, we refocused our company on that core mission of creating and distributing great stories to audiences around the globe. We streamlined our portfolio of businesses, increased our investment in producing and acquiring content, launched new industry-wide initiatives to make our content available to consumers on new platforms, and expanded our presence in faster-growing territories worldwide. This strategy is based on the belief that compelling content ­ especially television programming ­ will continue to be not only a highly attractive growth business but one that creates enduring value. I'm pleased to tell you that the success of our strategy is reflected in our company's financial results ­ with adjusted earnings per share growing by 13% in 2012 and by more than 130% over the last four years ­ positioning us for continued growth in 2013 and beyond. As the next step in our company's evolution, we announced in March 2013 that we plan to spin off Time Inc. into an independent, publicly traded company by the end of the year. After the separation, more than half of our revenues will come from our television networks at Turner Broadcasting and HBO, and the rest from our leading television and film production businesses at Warner Bros. Entertainment. We will continue to invest in compelling, branded content, which has made Time Warner a leader in each of its industries. For example, when it comes to premium pay television, HBO has no peer. In the past year, HBO again won more Golden Globes and Primetime Emmys than any other network on television, thanks in part to hits such as Girls, The Newsroom and VEEP, alongside returning blockbusters like Game of Thrones, True Blood and Boardwalk Empire. Those shows, combined with its rich lineup of original films, documentaries and acquired Hollywood hits, and the growth of sister channel Cinemax, contributed to HBO having its biggest increase in domestic subscribers in a decade last year. HBO continues to take advantage of international opportunities as well, with 114 million worldwide subscribers, making it larger than any competitor. In the past year, Turner Broadcasting's portfolio of global branded networks also showed the benefits of the investments we've been making in programming. For example, TBS was the #1 ad-supported cable network in primetime among 18-34 year olds in 2012, strengthened by its lineup of acquired programming such as The Big Bang Theory, stalwarts like CONAN, and new originals like Men at Work. TNT counted five of the top 10 original programs on ad-supported cable: Rizzoli & Isles, The Closer, Major Crimes, Perception and Dallas, as well as the top three new originals of the year. In addition, Turner Broadcasting extended its relationship with Major League Baseball, securing rights to regular season and postseason games well into the next decade. Given Turner Broadcasting's long-term deals with the NCAA, NBA and MLB, we have assembled one of the strongest lineups of national sports rights of any cable network group. In 2012, truTV, Cartoon Network and Adult Swim also extended their leadership positions with the young audiences that are sought by advertisers. And CNN maintained its stature as the go-to place for breaking news, ending the year on a high note by

2012 Annual Report 11

winning Election Night and beginning 2013 with an energized CNN under new leadership that is committed to the network's resurgence. In film and TV entertainment, Warner Bros. had another year of achievement as the studio marked its 90th anniversary. For the 20122013 season, Warner Bros. Television accounts for one-third of the top shows on broadcast TV, including hits like The Big Bang Theory, 2 Broke Girls, The Following, Person of Interest, Two and a Half Men, The Voice and Revolution. In film, Warner Bros. exemplified our passion for stories with global appeal with such hits in 2012 as The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and The Dark Knight Rises, each of which brought in more than $1 billion at the worldwide box office. And of course we are extremely proud of Argo, which was a box office hit and won the Academy Award for Best Picture (as well as two other Oscars and many other awards), the fourth Time Warner release to receive the Best Picture honor in the past decade. Time Inc. also continued to distinguish itself in 2012, despite the challenging magazine publishing environment. It increased its leading share of domestic advertising to its highest level in a decade, while gaining accolades such as TIME being named Magazine of the Year at the National Magazine Awards and FORTUNE and InStyle being named to the AdAge A-List. One of the hallmarks of Time Warner is that we don't just embrace technological change, we lead it. Many of our digital efforts are aligned with the common principles of Content Everywhere. The idea is to give consumers new ways to access our TV shows, movies and journalism ­ on new platforms, on new devices, when and where they want ­ with attractive economics for both audiences and us. This is why Turner Broadcasting has positioned itself at the forefront of TV Everywhere, making more than 1,000 hours of on-demand content and live streams of CNN, HLN and Cartoon Network available to more than 80 million subscribers at the end of 2012. And HBO GO is the gold standard of TV Everywhere products, offering subscribers more than 1,700 hours of HBO programming across a wide range of devices and platforms. HBO GO had 6.7 million registered domestic users as of February 2013, and both usage and consumer satisfaction have exceeded our expectations. In home entertainment, Warner Bros. has been leading the charge on a series of initiatives designed to make it easier for consumers to own and manage digital libraries across multiple platforms and devices. UltraViolet, the industry-wide format for viewing movies consumers own across devices, is still fairly new, but as of March 2013 it had over 9,000 titles available from most of the major film studios, including ours, and has grown to more than 11 million registered users. Warner Bros.-owned Flixster has been leading the way with UltraViolet, and this year is launching an in-home Disc-2-Digital service that will allow consumers to get digital copies of their physical DVD collections from their home computers. Additionally, we are taking advantage of our deep library of films and television shows by licensing our Warner Bros. and Turner Broadcasting television content to subscription video-on-demand services like Amazon and Netflix, creating an attractive new revenue stream. And we are expanding our presence in next-generation digital media products, including hit video games from Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment such as LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes and The Hobbit: Kingdoms of Middle-earth and the acquisition last year by Turner Broadcasting of the popular digital sports news service, Bleacher Report. In 2012, Time Inc. made important progress in building on its industry-leading digital presence, including launching subscriptions for its tablet editions on Apple, Amazon and Google platforms, and creating a new digital video unit. Whether it's investing in quality programming, leading digitally or expanding internationally, we bring financial discipline and focus to everything we do. For example, we are focused on consolidating certain business functions over the next few years, including real estate and information technology, which we expect to ultimately yield several hundred million dollars in annual savings.
12 Time Warner

I surrender my intellectual ambitions
to keep me alive?' We were talking about that sort of duality.
Lena Dunham, creator and star of Girls, with Allison Williams shooting in Soho, New York.

This is a scene where Allison Williams' character, Marnie, is going for a job as a hostess. I was talking with my hands, which I do very often: `Can I do this, can

This same discipline has enabled us to return almost $15 billion to our stockholders through dividends and share repurchases since 2009; in fact, we've raised our dividend by at least 10% each year over that time period. It also helped inform our decision to separate Time Inc. into an independent public company. After a thorough review of options, we concluded it would put both Time Warner and Time Inc. in the best positions to thrive. And having successfully completed similar spin-offs in past years of Time Warner Cable and AOL, we expect the spin-off of Time Inc. will create additional value for our stockholders. Time Warner is a much stronger and, in many ways, a very different company today from what it was even a few years ago. But as we evolve, we continue to be guided by a set of common ideals that underlie our company's success. First and foremost, we value the creativity of our artists and independence of our journalists. We also take pride in, and draw confidence from, the legacy of innovation and industry leadership that infuses each of our businesses. We believe in diversity as both a social good and a business imperative in an increasingly multicultural and global marketplace. And we recognize the impact Time Warner has on the world as a corporate citizen, knowing that by continuing to conduct our businesses in a responsible and ethical manner, we strengthen our reputation and help foster a betterconnected and well-informed world. Taken together, our brands, our scale, our people and our culture reinforce Time Warner's stature as the preferred home for talent and creativity ­ giving us great confidence in our future. On behalf of all of Time Warner's employees, I want to thank you, our stockholders, for the trust that you place in us.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO April 3, 2013
2012 Annual Report 13

