A Message from the Chairman and CEO
As this letter goes to press, Time Warner is coming off not just a strong year in 2015 but a start to 2016 that really shined a light on what our company stands for: an unmatched ability to create and showcase brands and content that forge deep ­ even emotional ­ connections with audiences across all platforms around the world.

Last month, we debuted Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, a prime example of a strategy that has made intellectual property from DC Entertainment a cornerstone of our efforts across film, TV, digital, videogames, consumer products (and yes, comic books). We also just saw a frenzy among fans for the biggest original program in HBO's history, Game of Thrones, which returned for its sixth season. At Turner, we raised our game with the first-ever crowning of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship title on cable. And CNN reported its highest quarterly viewership among total day audiences in seven years, while its Race for the White House had the mostwatched premiere of a CNN original series ever. These examples reflect the strategy we've spent several years honing -- and it all begins with our increasing investment in the world's best and most engaging video content. This year's Annual Report illustrates the breadth of what we produce and deliver today across a plethora of themes, genres, and platforms. Our company has a proud legacy going back nearly a century, and we've deliberately reshaped it to use our global scale and leading brands to deliver great content to audiences wherever and however they look for it. As a result, we remain in a strong position to capitalize on the growing appetite all over the world for the very best video content at a time when audiences are swiftly embracing on-demand consumption. Each of our divisions ­ Warner Bros., Home Box Office, and Turner ­ is an industry leader, and their combined strength, scale and capabilities are critical to our ability to capitalize on the growth opportunities we're seeing. This combined strength

drove our success in 2015, a year in which Time Warner's total revenues increased 3% to $28.1 billion, adjusted operating income grew 19% to $6.9 billion, and adjusted earnings per share grew 14% to $4.75 a share. During 2015, we invested around $11.5 billion in compelling content and also returned close to $5 billion to shareholders in share repurchases and dividends, underscoring our commitment to balanced and disciplined capital allocation. In 2016, we announced an updated $5 billion share repurchase program and increased our dividend by 15% ­ the seventh straight year of double-digit increases. In fact, over the eight years ending with 2015, the Company delivered a total return to shareholders of over 140% ­ far outpacing the S&P 500. The benefits of our strategy and the advantages of our scale and structure were evident in our many successes in 2015. For example, audiences at Turner's networks were younger and Turner was the only programming group with three of the top-10 ad-supported cable networks in primetime among adults 18 to 49, with TBS finishing 2015 as the #1 adsupported entertainment cable network in primetime for that demographic for the third consecutive year. Our operating momentum was particularly strong at CNN and Cartoon Network. In 2015, CNN grew primetime ratings by 29% in its key demographic, and Cartoon Network was the only top three kids' network to grow ratings. Turner is looking to strengthen its position further in 2016 and beyond, anchored by bold refreshes of the TBS and TNT original content lineups and the launch of its new eSports league in partnership with WME|IMG.

10

Reflecting an important part of our strategy, Turner also continued to solidify its presence outside the traditional TV ecosystem, with CNN Digital retaining the top position in news for multi-platform views for 2015, and Bleacher Report again finishing the year as the #2 digital sports destination in the U.S. Additionally, Turner launched new digital initiatives ­ Great Big Story and SuperDeluxe ­ both of which are off to a great start in attracting millennial audiences. Worldwide, Turner's brands and content reach over 200 countries, and 2015 was a very active year that included launching 31 new channels. In a world where consumers have access to so much great content, HBO remains supreme. Its 43 Primetime Emmy awards not only led all networks for the 14th consecutive year, but also were the most Emmys received in a single year by any network in at least 25 years. That included 12 Emmys for Game of Thrones, setting a record for any series in one year. Home Box Office also accelerated its efforts outside the traditional TV ecosystem with the trailblazing launch of HBO NOW in the U.S. in April 2015. HBO NOW was a significant contributor to Home Box Office's 2.7 million domestic subscriber additions for HBO and Cinemax in 2015, capping its best two-year period of subscriber additions in the past 30 years. Just as importantly, Home Box Office continued to have positive momentum with its traditional distributors. HBO is also investing to bolster its original content offerings across its traditional and broadband services by adding such renowned names as Bill Simmons, Jon Stewart and Sesame Street to its roster. Home Box Office continues to grow internationally as well, and in 2016 plans to significantly expand its footprint in new broadband-delivered services in Latin America as well as launch an over-the-top service in Spain. At Warner Bros., strong growth in television and a best-ever year in videogames drove a record year in both revenue and profits. In television, Warner Bros. was the leading supplier to broadcast networks again, and had the top new broadcast show in Blindspot, the top reality program with The Voice, and the top comedy series in The Big Bang Theory. Warner Bros. also ended the year as a top-three videogame publisher in the U.S. on the strength of Mortal Kombat X, Batman: Arkham Knight, and the successful introduction of a new franchise in LEGO Dimensions. Theatrically, one of our standouts in 2015 was Mad Max: Fury Road, which won six Oscars at the 88th Academy Awards, more than any other film. And we're planning big things for Warner Bros. in 2016 and beyond, with an ambitious slate that includes

Suicide Squad (the next of several upcoming releases from DC Entertainment), J.K. Rowling's return to the big screen with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and, beginning in 2017, several follow-ups to the 2014 hit, The LEGO Movie. To tap into the significant growth opportunity we see in China specifically, in 2015 Warner Bros. entered into an exciting new venture, Flagship Entertainment, to produce a slate of Chinese-language films for distribution in China and other markets. Our confidence in this opportunity has been reinforced by the success of Hollywood VIP, a video-on-demand and broadbandbased subscription service in China in which Warner Bros. has partnered with Tencent, a leading Chinese media and distribution company. Hollywood VIP added more than 5 million subscribers in 2015, helped by its exclusive access to Warner Bros. films and HBO original programming. As all these examples illustrate, 2015 was another very successful year across the company. And thanks to the investments we've been making, we're poised for an exciting 2016 ­ and beyond ­ as we roll out even richer, more engaging content lineups across the company and accelerate the pace of innovation to further create shareholder value. Our ability to do all this would not be possible without Time Warner's more than 24,000 employees; it's their talent and creativity that drives our accomplishments and gives me confidence in our future. In addition to their passion for our brands and dedication to achieving our business goals, our employees and management share a common culture that cares about the communities in which we work and live, and is committed to fostering a workforce that reflects our global audiences and allows distinct and diverse voices and perspectives to flourish. On behalf of everyone at Time Warner, thank you for the trust and confidence you place in us.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO
April 29, 2016

11

