A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

T

ime Warner had an outstanding year in 2013, and as we look back on it, I first want to acknowledge the inspiring work of our employees and our creative partners. What we all share is a dedication to light up the world with the best storytelling across technological frontiers and geographic boundaries. At the same time, our company has an unwavering commitment to deliver strong financial returns to our shareholders, and we're really pleased not just with the progress we've made so far but also with how we've been investing to position our company for the future. As the preceding pages highlight, we've been following a clear strategy we established several years ago to become the world's leading video content company, with an emphasis on television. And it's been working, both financially and creatively. Turner Broadcasting, Home Box Office, and Warner Bros. all just completed the most profitable year in their histories. Our strategy is our guide, but it's our people, brands, and leading scale that attract the best talent with the best ideas, and then help creators and journalists realize their visions and share them with the world. From a creative perspective, we continue to set new standards -- exemplified by Warner Bros.' 2014 Academy Award-winning films Gravity, The Great Gatsby, and Her. What all these films have in common is not only pioneering use of (and, in the case of Her, exploration of) technology, but also a powerful narrative core that audiences connected with deeply and emotionally. With 10 Oscars -- led by seven for Gravity, including Best Director for Alfonso Cuarón -- Warner Bros. films received more Academy Awards than all the other major studios combined. Financially, Warner Bros. also had its best theatrical year on record and it ranked #1 at the domestic, international, and worldwide box offices, with its films grossing over $5 billion at the worldwide box office. It was also the fifth straight year that Warner Bros. films grossed over $4 billion at the worldwide box office, an industry record. Technology is not only making our films, television programming, and journalism more vibrant and easily accessible to audiences, but has also helped enable an unprecedented era of quality and choice. Warner Bros. has been a leader of the TV renaissance, with more than 60 shows in production across broadcast and cable networks for the 2013-2014 television season

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO

11

-- producing a lineup that includes hugely popular like The Big Bang Theory, and a lineup of sports that hits across all genres, such as The Big Bang Theory, includes the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship The Voice, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and The Vampire Tournament (in partnership with CBS). TNT continued Diaries. As we've increased our investments in to prove itself the home of ad-supported cable's content over the last several years, we've seen best-loved original dramas with such programs as increasing demand for high-quality programming not Rizzoli & Isles, Falling Skies, and Perception and had just in the United States, but around the world, where more top 15 originals in primetime than any other we are expanding local production and launching ad-supported network in 2013. new local-language versions of proven favorites, like An important testament to these networks' Gossip Girl in Mexico and The O.C. in Turkey. It's no popularity and stature was the successful renewal of coincidence that many of our acquisitions in recent carriage agreements between Turner and seven of the years bolster these international efforts, including top 10 distributors of video content over the past few Warner Bros.' most recently announced proposed years, including five in 2013. All of those deals were acquisition: the international business consistent with our expectation that of the Amsterdam-based television Turner will show accelerated growth TO SATISF Y production and distribution company in domestic subscription revenue over FAST-E VOLVING Eyeworks Group. the next few years -- which is both an CONSUMER Deep engagement with audiences important driver of our growth and DEMANDS WHILE is what we aspire to achieve with every validation of our strategy. BUILDING VALUE show at our television businesses -- As we look ahead, we have much FOR OUR through networks like HBO, TNT, TBS, to be excited about. This year we will CNN, and Cartoon Network and Warner SHAREHOLDERS, introduce such promising shows as The Bros.' TV Studio. Among premium Leftovers, from Lost co-creator Damon WE CONTINUE television and subscription videoTO AGGRESSIVELY Lindelof, on HBO and produced by on-demand services, HBO remains Warner Bros.; and The Last Ship, from in a league of its own ­ it won more blockbuster producer Michael Bay, Primetime Emmy Awards in 2013 than on TNT. Warner Bros. has an exciting OUR DIGITAL any network for the 12th consecutive lineup of films for the next few years, EFFORTS. year ­ and four out of the five mostincluding the final Hobbit installment, watched shows in HBO's history which comes out later in 2014, and are current series on the network. These include a new film series written by J.K. Rowling that will True Detective, which debuted this winter as the introduce additional characters from the magical most-watched freshman series in HBO's history, realm of Harry Potter, as well as a sequel to the hugely and Game of Thrones, whose season 4 premiere was popular The LEGO Movie. We're also excited about the most-watched show since The Sopranos finale. the forthcoming follow-up to Man of Steel featuring At Turner, we have the industry's leading portfolio of Superman and Batman, which is scheduled for release basic cable networks, which continued to set the pace in 2016. In television we're also digging deeper into for the industry in 2013 by investing in programming the rich DC Entertainment library, with programs such that resonated with viewers and advertisers. For as Gotham and The Flash following on the success example, TBS ended the year as ad-supported of Arrow. cable's #1 network in primetime among adults 18-49, To satisfy fast-evolving consumer demands while with its compelling mix of original programs such as building value for our shareholders, we continue to Conan, Cougar Town, and Ground Floor, acquired hits aggressively enhance our digital efforts, which include

ENHANCE

12 TIME WARNER 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

WE'RE REALLY PLEASED NOT JUST WITH THE PROGRESS WE'VE MADE

INVESTING TO POSITION OUR COMPANY FOR THE FUTURE.
SO FAR BUT HOW WE'VE BEEN

TV Everywhere products like HBO GO and Turner's suite of apps that now offer live streaming as well as rich on-demand libraries, popular online brands like TMZ and Turner's Bleacher Report, and video games such as Batman: Arkham Origins and our LEGO-branded franchise. We're also pleased with the progress we've made in finding new ways to reach consumers with our content through such channels as electronic sellthrough, subscription video-on-demand services, and our support of the UltraViolet standard for storing and accessing home video purchases. As I write this, we're on track to complete the spinoff of Time Inc. into an independent, publicly traded company during the second quarter of 2014. Last year, Time Inc. again proved itself the clear leader in its industry, with brands reaching nearly half of all U.S. adults each month and increasing its leading share of overall domestic magazine advertising. We have every confidence that Time Inc. will benefit from its structure as an independent company and further unlock value for our shareholders. For the next phase in our journey, we intend to move our global headquarters to a new location in Manhattan's Hudson Yards development beginning in late 2018. The move will consolidate seven existing locations in New York, including the local operations of HBO, Turner, and Warner Bros., as well as our corporate team. The move will generate significant financial savings, but it will also bring untold cultural and creative benefits as we become an even more focused company with about 90% of our expected 2014 profits coming from the television ecosystem. I am also pleased that, as of January 1, we have the next

generation of CEOs in place at each of our operating divisions, completing a transition process that began a couple of years ago, which further positions our businesses for continued success. I began by acknowledging the inspiring contributions of our employees' hard work, and want to come back to a few important things that set Time Warner apart. One is that we can offer the finest creators and journalists the biggest platforms and a home without an agenda, ideological or otherwise. Another is that we take our responsibilities as corporate citizens seriously and care about the communities in which we live and work -- I'm always humbled and impressed by how many of our employees volunteer their time to charitable causes and participate in efforts such as Time Warner's Impact program. Also, we believe deeply in a diverse workplace, not just as a cultural good but as a business imperative, one that leads to developing new voices whose stories can resound throughout an increasingly multicultural world. We are proud of all our progress so far and the returns we've been able to provide to you, our shareholders. And while we still have plenty of work ahead, we are confident and excited about what is to come. On behalf of all of Time Warner's employees, I want to thank you sincerely for the faith you place in us.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO April 17, 2014
13

