Fellow Shareholders,

I

n 2012, we saw exciting growth in many of our businesses. At Bell Helicopter, a 50 percent increase in commercial deliveries, continued military program success, and ongoing expansion of service support contributed to record revenues and earnings for the year. At Cessna, we broadened our global sales and service footprint, increased revenues and improved margins. In our Industrial businesses, multiple product introductions and significant sales increases led to a solid year with improved revenues and profitability. In our Finance segment, our Captive Finance business returned to profitability during 2012 and supported financing of over $300 million in Textron product sales to customers in 21 countries. Our Textron Systems businesses--despite ongoing budgetary uncertainties in Washington--captured key contracts for products like our armored security vehicles and unmanned aircraft systems, positioning the company well for years to come.

For the year, total revenues reached $12.2 billion and operating profit grew to $1.1 billion, nearly doubling compared to 2011. In concert with the strong performance of our businesses, Textron's share price increased--rising 30 percent during 2012-- far outpacing the S&P 500 Index and most of our peer companies. Much of this progress stemmed from investments we made to bring numerous new products to market and build new sales and service capabilities in important growth regions of the world.

Driving Growth Through New Product Development
Throughout 2012, we announced new products that will drive our future growth. At Bell Helicopter, we introduced the 525 RelentlessTM, a new class of rotorcraft reflecting a close collaboration with our customers. Offering unprecedented capabilities, this new helicopter fills a void in the marketplace and demonstrates our continued commitment to advancing flight for the commercial helicopter customer. At Cessna, we unveiled four new products spanning both our jet and piston aircraft business and offering impressive advances in speed, range, fuel efficiency, comfort, and the latest in aviation technology. In our industrial and defense businesses, we saw an equally accelerated pace of product innovation. E-Z-GO launched five new products for its golf and hunting customers; Jacobsen introduced three enhancements to its turf care product line; Kautex continued to further its next-generation fuel systems; and Greenlee again raised the standard for the trade industry, with product innovations that make work faster, easier, and safer for electrician and plumbing customers. At Textron Systems, we advanced the performance of several of our defense products, such as armored vehicles, intelligence analysis software, and the ability of our unmanned systems to serve our country's and our allies' security needs.

across the globe to stimulate higher sales. For Greenlee, this led to substantial increases in sales in Asia, the Middle East, South America, and Latin America; and for Jacobsen, to several multicourse contract wins in Europe. At Bell Helicopter and Cessna, we improved our proximity to international customers--opening a combination of sales, maintenance, pilot training, and stateof-the-art service centers in key markets like China, Singapore, India, Germany, Switzerland and Spain. Partnering with defense customers to understand their needs, Textron Systems won a number of important, multi-year programs with the U.S. armed services, as well as the Canadian Army and Afghan National Army.

Creating Opportunities for Our People
In each of our businesses our people sought and found creative ways to build on our powerful brands with a significant increase in new product development programs, important wins in our defense businesses and expansion of our global footprint-- our company provides numerous opportunities for our people to grow their technical and leadership skills which in turn drives our future success. In 2013, I look to our people to continue their great work in delivering unique solutions to our customers, profitable growth for our shareholders, and greater opportunities for all in our businesses.

Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Driving Sales by Getting Closer to the Customer, Around the World
Across Textron in 2012, there was an intensive push to bolster our presence worldwide. In our Industrial businesses, we increased our sales coverage and strengthened our distribution channels

3

