This is an exciting time for Textron. The progress we've made throughout transformation, combined with the promise that lies ahead for our future growth, is indeed exhilarating.

and Growing Value.

Lewis B. Campbell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareowners, Employees and Customers: 2005 was a remarkable year for Textron ­ with a host of significant operational and strategic accomplishments, customer wins and new product launches and developments. We also posted solid financial results with excellent shareholder returns, fueled by our strategic actions, ramp-ups in a number of U.S. Government-related programs and improved outlook in our end markets. I simply cannot recall a time when we had greater visibility into our future growth and performance than we do right now. Our transformation strategy has proven to be both value-creating and enduring, as we delivered 19 percent organic growth in 2005, and ­ for the first time since we embarked on our transformation journey ­ we exceeded our targeted rate of return on invested capital. Our investments in research and development continue to serve us well, as demand for commercial aircraft products flourished and orders were up at both Bell and Cessna. In addition, Bell's commercial helicopter deliveries were up 11 percent, with total

deliveries up 28 percent at Cessna, where we drove record margins and returns. We also saw strong revenue growth at Greenlee, Fluid & Power and E-Z-GO, while Textron Financial drove impressive growth in receivables. We cleared some major milestones and won critically important customer contracts, such as the U.S. Army's Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter (ARH) award. We also participated in the winning U.S. Presidential Helicopter bid. Perhaps most notably, we earned the much-anticipated approval for full rate production of the Bell/Boeing V-22 Osprey tiltrotor ­ a revolutionary advancement in the aviation industry that will enable our customers to perform missions never before thought possible. The V-22 program is expected to generate more than $19 billion for Textron over the life of the program. Truly, this is an exciting time for Textron. The progress we've made throughout transformation, combined with the promise that lies ahead for our future growth, is indeed exhilarating.

5

Customer Focus Our customer commitment underpins our every action and our discipline of investing in innovative new customer solutions continues to pay off. $2.5 billion ­ or more than 25 percent ­ of our 2005 sales came from new products and services developed or launched since our transformation began just five years ago. Our Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty Measurement System is enabling our businesses to identify and execute against priority customer loyalty drivers, strengthening our platform for growth. In 2005, both Cessna and Bell received top honors for customer service and support in their respective categories from Pro Pilot magazine... Bell having done so for more than a decade running. Market orientation and customer focus will continue to be top priorities as we take a broader view of our capabilities ­ enhancing growth leadership, talent, process, systems and organizational structures throughout the company. Talented People Textron's future growth is directly linked to our ability to harness and enhance the power and talent of our workforce. We've strengthened our talent programs and processes to bring added consistency and rigor. We are "building the bench" and taking steps to ensure that we have the right people in the right jobs at the right time. As part of this effort, we drove a 100 percent improvement in filling approximately 80 percent of our top management vacancies with internal appointments and promotions in 2005. In 2005, we introduced Textron University ­ a virtual campus offering a variety of learning opportunities for employees, from classroomstyle courses at leading universities to online workshops and individual career development tools. Textron University provides world-class learning programs in critical areas to help our people develop the skills needed to achieve our business objectives and meet our evolving needs. In its inaugural year, employees logged more than 56,000 online training hours and approximately 1,600 employees participated in instructor-led courses.

World-Class Processes Textron Six Sigma (TSS) The breadth and depth of Textron Six Sigma Black Belts and Green Belts are driving both significant progress and true cultural change. Since launching the program in 2002, we've trained approximately 800 Black Belts, and more than 350 certified Black Belts have been repatriated back into the Textron workforce ­ many of whom are in critical positions driving key transformation efforts. We have also trained 3,000 Green Belts. Overall, Textron's Six Sigma efforts generated more than 40 percent of our favorable cost performance this year. In 2005, we also accelerated the development and implementation of Lean ­ a key element of Textron Six Sigma. One early yet powerful example of Lean in action in 2005 was a 15 percent improvement in direct labor productivity in E-Z-GO's fleet golf car production.

Supply Chain Management We've continued to enhance our Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) strategies and processes, particularly in helping to offset the impact of rising material costs that have affected many of our markets.
Our Global Technology Center (GTC) in Bangalore, India is already contributing in a substantial way to the technology advancements at our businesses. For example, since its launch in mid-2004, the GTC has produced two winners of our prestigious Chairman's Award for Innovation. In 2005, we expanded our ISC rotational leadership development program and launched two comprehensive new curricula aimed at our ISC and operations workforce ­ the Strategic Supply Chain Management Program at Michigan State University and the Operational Excellence Program at the University of Tennessee.

Shared Services Our Information Technology, Finance and Human Resources shared service centers continue to address vital operational needs. In 2005, we established a new Infrastructure Center of Excellence to govern

Hurricane Katrina destroyed many homes and briefly stalled production at our two New Orleans facilities. The Textron enterprise united to offer our employees and their families a helping hand. They pulled together to get our business up and running in record time ­ their efforts were simply inspiring.

6

our global IT sourcing partnership with Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC). Notably, we also achieved our initial savings goal in the first year of our relationship with CSC. Through our shared services in Human Resources, we're also improving the effectiveness and efficiency of employee recruitment. For example, through the use of Lean tools, we were able to reduce the time to fill open positions by 15 percent in 2005 alone. Portfolio Management In 2005, we made notable progress in the management of our portfolio. In addition to further cultivating our competencies to become more value-driven, we took decisive actions to drive even better shareholder returns. Perhaps most significant was our strategic evaluation and subsequent decision to sell Textron Fastening Systems. This action will allow us to reinvest in our more strategic, value-creating opportunities moving forward. Throughout transformation, we have divested numerous manufacturing businesses that were not core to our strategy, and have liquidated more than $1.4 billion of non-core finance assets. At the same time, we have continued to enhance the capabilities of our existing businesses with complementary acquisitions to inspire growth in attractive, adjacent market segments. For example, in 2005 we purchased US Helicopter to advance Bell's government aftermarket business, and acquired the remaining interest in our Kautex/Keylex Japanese joint venture in order to get closer to customers and increase our presence in an important growth region. Growing Opportunity Certainly, it is evident that momentum is building within Textron ­ with every corner we turn and with every opportunity we uncover ... for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. Indeed, this opportunity is ours for the taking ­ and through the growth foundation we've put into place throughout transformation, we have earned the right to capture this growing opportunity. The following pages contain some very powerful examples of how our businesses are seizing opportunities for valuable growth and

expansion ­ now and into the future. We have also increased our internal five-year target for real value creation. When combined with our continued focus on transformation initiatives, this expansion and focus on value growth will generate strong double digit earnings growth over the next five years, with further improvements in cash flow, higher returns and increased shareholder value. Reflecting on the past year, I would like to acknowledge our Board of Directors ­ which is amongst the strongest we've ever had. And I would like to thank distinguished director, Brian Rowe, who is retiring after many years of service to our company. In turn, I am pleased to welcome our newest director, Dain Hancock, former President of Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, who joined our Board in 2005 and brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in all facets of aircraft and defense operations. Finally, as I enumerate our many successes in 2005, I am reminded that this was also a year of great challenge for our more than 1,200 Louisiana-based employees at Textron Marine & Land Systems, as Hurricane Katrina destroyed many of their homes and briefly stalled production at our two New Orleans facilities. The Textron enterprise united to offer our employees and their families a helping hand. They pulled together to get our business up and running in record time ­ their efforts were simply inspiring. Never before has the power of our networked enterprise been more evident, and never before have I been prouder of our incredibly talented and dedicated workforce ... for each and every contribution that helped to make 2005 such a remarkable year. Thank you for your continued support.

Lewis B. Campbell Green Belt, February 2006

Financial Highlights
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

2005 $ $ $ $ 10,043 1,146 11% 516 546 13.2% 3.78 1.40 $ $ $ $

2004 8,318 850 10% 375 729 10.6% 2.68 1.33

Operating Results Revenues Segment profit (2) Segment profit margin Income from continuing operations Free cash flow (3) Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)
(1)

Common Share Data Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations Dividends per share
Footnotes to this table can be found on the inside back cover of this annual report.

$ $

$ $

7

