Fellow Shareholders,
For Textron, 2013 was a pivotal year. We realized $12.1 billion in total revenues and saw an operating profit of $963 million. In our Industrial segment, acquisition and product innovation led to a four percent increase in revenues compared to 2012. At Bell Helicopter, the delivery of 41 V-22s and a double-digit rise in commercial deliveries contributed to a six percent increase in revenues over last year. The certification of three new Cessna models in 2013 positioned us for future growth as global markets gain momentum. At Textron Systems, we steadily grew our international customer base, capturing significant contracts from new customers in the Middle East and Asia Pacific regions. Innovation to Drive Growth
cross all of our businesses, innovation matters-- and this was the year we set out to prove it. Anticipating the military's next generation rotorcraft needs, Bell Helicopter presented the V-280 Valor as the ready contender for the U.S. Department of Defense's future vertical lift program and a viable option for foreign military applications. Upgrades to our unmanned aircraft systems allowed for broader, more strategic missions while enhancements to our intelligence-gathering software improved analysts' ability to view and customize critical data. We introduced our expanded family of COMMANDOTM armored vehicles to equip soldiers with a greater range of firepower, as well as a vehicle for safe to-and-from-base transport. Additionally, for global military customers, Textron AirLand launched the successful first flight of our Scorpion intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft, making it one of the fastest-developed, American-made, tactical jets--progressing from initial design to first flight in less than 24 months. For commercial customers, Bell Helicopter announced plans to return to the short-light single-engine helicopter market with a modern version of its popular JetRangerTM. Also in 2013, Bell Helicopter made enhancements to several products in its lineup, offering customers improved situational awareness and safety; greater landing and taxiing maneuverability; and increased speed, range and load capacities. In addition to certifying new models for delivery in 2013, Cessna introduced advanced diagnostic service technology in new Citations and continued to hit major production milestones for the Citation X+ and Latitude. Across our Industrial segment, we introduced more than 30 new products for our warehousing, industrial transport, turf care, utility and electrician customers; upgraded several of our most popular golf cars and rugged outdoor sporting vehicles for a more comfortable and quieter ride; and saw innovation deliver value in the form of major contracts for Kautex carbon canisters and catalytic reduction systems for some of the world's largest automakers.

A

Letter To Shareholders | 2

Extended Reach to Capture More Business
Our focus on strengthening customer relationships led to several important expansions in 2013. In our Industrial segment, we increased our international sales capacity at Jacobsen and Greenlee; added more than 130 new E-Z-GO dealers to our domestic distribution network; and opened new Klauke manufacturing facilities in China and Mexico, and sales and distribution locations in Poland and Spain. In our aerospace businesses, Cessna continued to establish its manufacturing presence in China; Bell Helicopter expanded its service offerings in England, Russia and Singapore and made a number of "first" deliveries to customers in Europe, Latin America and Asia. In our military businesses our focus on critical customer requirements delivered big program wins for us globally. In the U.S., we signed a second, multi-year V-22 contract valued at $6.5 billion. Overseas, we won major new government contracts in 2013 worth more than $700 million to build precision weapons for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, additional armored vehicles and training services for the Afghan National Army, and armored personnel carriers and technical support services for the Colombian Army.

our global service center network. In a move that complements our aerospace business, we signed an agreement to acquire Beech Holdings, the parent company of Beechcraft--a name well known for its business, special mission, light attack, and trainer aircraft.

Confidence in Our Future
Our teams made great progress in 2013 as we brought important new products to the market, continued to increase our sales and service resources around the world and made acquisitions that expand our product and service offerings to customers. Entering 2014, I am confident that we have the right people in the right places and that our teams are taking the right actions. By continuing to grow our capabilities--both in terms of our talent and our operations--we will see even greater gains for our shareholders, our customers and our employees alike in the coming year. I look forward to being a part of it.

Portfolio Expansion to Support Growth
Over the course of the year, we completed six strategic acquisitions--two that expand our offerings to the power utility market, two that expand our flight simulation and training services for military and commercial aviation markets and two that expand

Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3 | Letter To Shareholders

