FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,

2014 was a year of significant growth for our company. Fueled by our strategic investments in new products and acquisitions, and strong performances by our businesses, we generated $13.9 billion in total revenues and a segment profit of $1.2 billion. This represents a 15% increase in revenues and a 26% increase in segment profit over the previous year.
PROGRESS ACROSS OUR BUSINESSES
Our businesses made progress on a number of fronts. At Textron Aviation, the acquisition of Beechcraft and encouraging trends in business aviation helped increase revenues from $2.8 billion in 2013 to $4.6 billion in 2014. Bell Helicopter moved forward on several new products, including the 505 Jet Ranger X, which made its first flight just 20 months after the program's launch, and the new Bell 525, which continues to make progress toward its first flight. On the military side, Bell's next-generation tiltrotor, the V-280 Valor, achieved a major milestone in being selected as one of two aircraft to compete for the U.S. Department of Defense's Future Vertical Lift Program. This program is worth an estimated $100 billion and is expected to replace 2,000 to 4,000 medium-class utility and attack helicopters. In our Industrial segment, segment profit increased 16% over last year as the businesses focused on the introduction of new products, strategic acquisitions and distribution channel expansion. Our Textron Systems segment secured notable domestic and international contract wins, reflecting a strong focus on aligning its businesses' products with customer needs. Our TRU Simulation + Training business substantially grew its aviation customer base, including a contract to supply full-flight simulators for Boeing's latest single-aisle airplane, the 737 MAX. Winning such a competitive commercial airplane program demonstrates the confidence that customers have in TRU to deliver sophisticated flight training requirements for their operations. At Textron Financial, we completed another successful year of providing our customers with attractive financing options in support of Textron aircraft product sales.
TOTAL REVENUES BY SEGMENT Textron Aviation $4.6B Bell Helicopter $4.3B

Finance $0.1B Industrial $3.3B

Textron Systems $1.6B

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS TO EXPAND OUR MARKETS
A key element of our strategy is acquiring businesses that will help us realize new market opportunities, grow our customer base and provide a greater range of products and services to customers. In 2014, we acquired several businesses that

complement our product lines and add new capabilities to our existing operations. Our largest acquisition was Beech Holdings LLC, which brought the iconic Beechcraft and Hawker brands into the Textron family. With Beechcraft, we have significantly expanded our portfolio to include the King Air and T-6 product families and Hawker parts and services, and now have a greatly extended service footprint for our global customer base of more than 250,000 aircraft. Within our Industrial segment, our Textron Specialized Vehicles group of businesses continued to widen its reach into new customer markets through the acquisition

of TUG Technologies, a leading manufacturer of aviation ground support equipment. Jacobsen acquired Dixie Chopper, a maker of zero-turn radius mowers, which allows us to expand our product offerings in the municipal and commercial markets. Our TRU Simulation + Training business strengthened its training capabilities and broadened its reach among pilots with the acquisition of ProFlight, a leader in advanced pilot training services. With the purchase of ProFlight, TRU is positioned to meet the expected increased demand for pilot and aircraft maintenance training over the coming years. Since the acquisition, TRU has announced plans for three additional training centers: one in Tampa, Florida to support our Citation Jet and King Air platforms; another in Wichita, Kansas; and the third, in Valencia, Spain, with a TRU-designed Bell 429 full-flight simulator planned as its initial training platform.

NEW PRODUCTS AND PROGRAMS FOR OUR CUSTOMERS
As we add new capabilities to our company, we've continued a relentless focus on our customers to anticipate their requirements, address their needs with leading-edge products and provide them with outstanding support throughout the entire product life cycle. Over the past year, we've had success in each of these areas. Textron Aviation began deliveries of the Cessna Citation X+, an exciting new aircraft that maintains the model's status as the fastest civil aircraft in the world. Customers have also responded with great enthusiasm to the introduction of the new Citation Sovereign+ and Citation M2 aircraft. Deliveries for these aircraft started in late 2013, and, in June 2014, deliveries began in Europe following certification from the European Aviation Safety Agency. Our most spacious business jet, the Citation Latitude, entered its flight testing program and is on track for FAA certification and first deliveries in 2015.

At Bell Helicopter, we made noteworthy progress during the year on our two major commercial programs. The Bell 525 Relentless--our largest commercial helicopter--is planning for its maiden flight in 2015. Interest among customers continues to build, with one customer signing a letter of intent to purchase 10 525 helicopters. As Bell moves forward with the Bell 505 Jet Ranger X, it has received a tremendous reception with nearly 300 letters of intent from customers in 39 countries. On the military side, the V-22 continued to prove its value and increase its mission capabilities. Bell successfully demonstrated the V-22's forward-firing capability, hitting targets using a variety of forward-facing munitions, including rockets and missiles. The V-22 has now surpassed 250,000 flight hours since it was first deployed in 2007 with the U.S. Marine Corps and the Air Force Special Operations Command. Throughout 2014, we also saw our Textron Systems businesses win numerous contract awards, including a $34 million contract award from the U.S. Navy for our first Common Unmanned Surface Vehicle; a $44 million contract award from the U.S. Air Force for its Joint Service Electronic Combat Systems Tester, which tests electronic combat and avionics systems for today's most advanced combat aircraft; and a $190 million foreign military sales contract for precision munitions with South Korea. Meanwhile, we began production on the Ship-to-Shore Connector program, the Navy's next-generation amphibious landing craft, and our Aerosonde Small Unmanned Aircraft System reached a milestone by surpassing 40,000 flight hours powered by Lycoming Engines' new multifuel engine. At our Industrial businesses, we continued to find creative ways to meet the needs of our customers--whether they are auto manufacturers, groundskeepers, electrical contractors or outdoor enthusiasts.

Greenlee expanded its lineup, introducing products such as the DataScout 10G, a new multiprotocol network analyzer that represents the company's entry into the Ethernet market. Jacobsen rolled out a completely refreshed TurfCat front rotary mower, while Textron Specialized Vehicles introduced the Bad Boy Buggies Recoil iS Crew, an all-electric hunting vehicle packed with passenger comfort innovations. The E-Z-GO brand celebrated its 60th anniversary, and our Textron Specialized Vehicles businesses now manufacture more than 70 different equipment models, ranging from golf cars to aviation ground-support equipment. In the automotive market, Kautex partnered with major automakers in a multiyear development project for a hydrogen pressure tank designed for fuel cells. The company also won a contract with Volkswagen to supply an expected 1.1 million fuel tanks annually for vehicles serving the European markets with an option for nearly 1 million fuel tanks to Volkswagen Brazil.

INVESTING TO WIN WORLDWIDE
By staying true to our long-term strategy of investing in great brands and new products, we achieved strong growth in 2014. Our businesses are focused on executing these strategies, moving quickly and decisively to meet customers' needs. Our talented teams are focused on new opportunities, pioneering inventive ways to grow their markets. We're looking forward to 2015 and beyond as we build on this strong foundation and create long-term value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders.

SCOTT C. DONNELLY
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

