2

TEXTRON MOVED FORWARD WITH NEW PRODUCTS AND STRONGER FINANCIAL RESULTS.
Fellow shareholders,
Textron made notable progress in 2011, driving significant improvements in our financial performance while accelerating the pace of innovation across the company. Each of our five business segments delivered solid results, with total revenues reaching $11.3 billion--a 7.1 percent increase over the prior year. Volumes improved in most of our businesses, as the recovering economy led to new opportunities and increased demand for our products and services. Through disciplined execution, we continued to improve cost productivity and operational efficiency. Together, these improvements gave us added flexibility to reinvest in the business--which we did vigorously during the year--leading to many new product introductions, greater global reach and expanded customer service capabilities.

Focused on growth
At Bell Helicopter, we generated record profit for the year. Bell's V-22 and H-1 military programs were particularly successful, earning strong margins and improving our reputation for on-time, under-budget deliveries. Commercial helicopter bookings nearly doubled over the previous year, bolstered by customer enthusiasm for the Bell 429 and introductions of the 407GX and 407AH. Cessna returned to profitability in 2011 with a total of 183 business jet deliveries for the year and announced two of the year's most exciting new aircraft--the Citation M2 and Citation Latitude. Sales and profitability climbed in our Industrial segment, most notably in our automotive and professional tools businesses. In the defense markets served by Textron Systems, we continued to win highly competitive contracts for our armored security vehicles and unmanned aerial vehicles while pioneering new solutions for combat and support missions. Collectively, revenues in the four segments comprising our manufacturing businesses exceeded $11 billion in 2011, an $865 million increase over 2010. Segment profit for our manufacturing businesses rose to $924 million from $790 million. Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions also improved to $1 billion, up from $759 million in the prior year.1

3
Our Captive Finance business reached a key performance milestone in 2011, posting its best results since 2008. During the year, Captive Finance supported the sale of over $330 million of Textron manufactured products. This proved to be a powerful competitive advantage for both Bell and Cessna, especially in international markets. More than 70 percent of Captive Finance's aviation loan originations were for customers outside the U.S. At the same time, we made great strides in downsizing our Non-Captive Finance business--achieving $1.3 billion of liquidations in 2011. This brings the Non-Captive portfolio to $950 million--an 87 percent decline since liquidations began in late 2008. This and other debt-reduction actions had a positive impact on Textron's consolidated net debt2 which dropped to $3.5 billion, a decrease of $1.5 billion for the year.

Investing in innovation and global service capabilities
Bringing new products to market and getting our teams closer to the customer were priorities for our businesses throughout the year. Innovation has always been one of Textron's differentiating strengths, even when faced with a difficult economic climate. In 2011, this inventiveness came to life with new business jets, helicopters, unmanned vehicles, and a spectrum of new utility vehicles, turf-care equipment, tools and services. Every Textron business segment invested in the future and launched new products. Many additional concepts entered our research and development cycle in 2011--in fact, our total R&D investment grew by 30 percent for the year, reflecting confidence in our future growth prospects. We also took steps to further our reach across the globe in 2011. For example, Bell and Cessna aggressively grew their in-country sales teams and invested in new service centers in locations like the Czech Republic, Singapore and Spain. In addition, those businesses added sales and distribution partners in China--essential tactics to thrive in what may evolve into a vast market for general aviation. Likewise, our Greenlee tools business acquired a majority interest in a Chinese tool company that is already surpassing our sales expectations. To meet growing global demand for its automotive fuel systems, Kautex announced plans to build new plants in Asia, Europe and North America. Our defense businesses also saw increased foreign military sales, as U.S. allies reinforced their programs with specialized vehicles, aircraft and surveillance technologies.

Building upon our core strengths
Textron's results for 2011 demonstrate solid execution of our business strategies--and we have tremendous strength to build upon in 2012. Our progress would not be possible without the support of our customers, shareholders and employees. We thank you for your loyalty and confidence. As we look ahead, we see excellent prospects to grow the business and we look forward to reporting on our shared success. Sincerely,

Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1,2

Manufacturing cash flow before pension contributions and net debt are non-GAAP measures. See page 10 for reconciliation to GAAP.

