We all have reason to be optimistic about our prospects for 2007 and beyond.

To Our Shareholders, Employees and Customers:

2006 was a milestone year on Textron's "journey to premier." As I reflect on our many accomplishments, I'm proud of and humbled by the tremendous efforts that have made our progress possible. Since 2001, we've focused on transforming Textron into a networked enterprise that shares talent and best practices among our powerful brands. By doing so, we've been learning and evolving at an accelerated pace. As we've transformed our business model and culture, we've simultaneously made strategic divestitures and complementary acquisitions to strengthen our portfolio. Last year, our commitment to building and growing Textron helped generate strong earnings per share from continuing operations, which rose 44 percent to $5.43 based on 15 percent organic revenue growth. Return on invested capital reached an outstanding 16.8 percent. Meanwhile, manufacturing cash flows from continuing operations reached $1.1 billion, with free cash flow of $691 million. Numerous factors contributed to our 2006 success, led by solid performance at several key businesses. Cessna delivered over 300 jets for the third time in its history, indicative of the company's superior products and strong demand. Bell Helicopter delivered 160 commercial units in 2006, an increase of 30 percent over 2005. Textron Systems delivered over 470 Armored Security Vehicles this year in a remarkable achievement after the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina. Textron Financial Corporation ended the year with a record $10 billion in managed finance receivables. Greenlee also performed well, with more than a 12 percent increase in sales over 2005.
Transforming Textron: Building and Growing toward Premier

tion to select acquisitions that complement our core businesses and generate profitable growth. At the outset of this letter, I highlighted the strong cash flow we generated in 2006. It has allowed us to invest in ventures that build Textron's competitive position through customer-oriented products, advanced technology and global expansion. Enterprisewide initiatives such as Textron Six Sigma, Talent Development and Integrated Supply Chain continued to be critical in supporting Textron in these ventures. In 2006, we trained more than 1,390 Textron Six Sigma (TSS) Green Belts and 190 Black Belts, bringing the number of certified employees to 2,900 as of year end. TSS Lean is helping us increase productivity while sharpening our businesses' focus on customer needs. Talent Development is vital to maintaining a highly capable workforce that anticipates and responds to customer needs. Textron University helped us meet this high standard last year. Over 4,800 employees participated in over 150,000 hours of instructor-led classes, while nearly 25,000 people logged more than 129,000 hours of online training hours during 2006. This training offered employees critical skills and knowledge to help us win in fiercely competitive global markets. Our Integrated Supply Chain teams were equally valuable in helping us manage material costs and product availability more efficiently. We're learning to leverage resources and expertise while building and growing important customer relationships.
Today's Achievements Built on Performance, Tomorrow's Growth Energized by Innovation

Since 2001, we have divested non-core manufacturing businesses representing more than $4.5 billion in annual revenues. The sale of Fastening Systems in August 2006 was a significant step forward with our value-enhancing strategy. Portfolio management will remain a focus as we strive to ensure that our assets generate the greatest possible long-term value for shareholders. Our 2006 purchase of two exciting companies ­ Overwatch Systems and Innovative Survivability Technologies ­ demonstrates our inten-

Bell Segment In 2006, Bell delivered 16 V-22s, with sales from this program anticipated to reach $1 billion annually by 2010. Bell Helicopter saw continued strong demand for their products, with a year-end $2.4 billion U.S. Government backlog. Demand for commercial products also remains high with backlog growing to 260 units worth over $600 million at the end of 2006.

3

. . . and preparing for tomorrow's growth.

In a challenging aerospace and defense market, Bell worked to resolve logistical issues, setting the stage for future growth. In early 2007, Richard J. (Dick) Millman was named the new president and CEO of Bell Helicopter and head of the Bell segment to help take Bell to this next level of growth. Dick has a 20-year record of excellence in growth and operations management at Textron, combined with deep expertise and familiarity with our government customers. Frank Tempesta was promoted to replace Dick as president of Textron Systems. In 2007 and beyond, research and development will put Bell at the forefront of the vertical lift industry. We are exploring accident avoidance technologies, which will enhance operator safety. Investments in development and delivery at our Mirabel, Canada facility will enable production of aircraft used in high-demand commercial applications. Our defense products are poised for a leadership role in U.S. military strategy, which increasingly relies on technology to minimize casualties. Our purchase of Overwatch Systems demonstrates our portfolio strategy in action at Textron Systems. Their expertise complements our existing intelligent munitions systems and will create significant growth in that area. Going forward, we will provide products for the entire chain of precision engagement: collecting information securely, understanding the data gathered and neutralizing a threat with limited risk. Cessna Segment Cessna delivered the first Citation Mustang in 2006, bringing jet ownership comfortably within reach of a new segment of customers. The Mustang leads the new entry-level business jet class as the first to achieve full FAA Type Certification and first customer delivery. We've taken orders for more than 250 of this competitively priced jet and expect to deliver 40 units in 2007. We delivered the 100th Citation Sovereign this year, demonstrating Cessna's strong competitive position. According to industry ownership data, our presence in the mid-size jet segment has grown to 35 percent since the popular Sovereign was introduced in 2003. Other 2006 milestones include the 500th XLS delivery and the 100th delivery of the Citation CJ3, another best-selling Cessna jet. In 2007, Cessna will celebrate its 80th year and deliver the 5,000th Citation. This is a testament to Cessna's leadership role

Textron's ability to anticipate and manage change will demonstrate the true power of our networked enterprise to create enduring value.

4

in customer-focused aviation research and development. Going forward, Cessna will continue to expand the fleet, starting with the Citation Mustang now and the CJ4 in 2010. In addition, we're evaluating other aircraft that will welcome an ever-wider audience to the Cessna family. Industrial Segment Our diverse industrial segment made notable progress in 2006, from products to opportunities to business relationships. This year, Greenlee used Textron Six Sigma to increase revenues in existing lines and develop more than 30 new products to be introduced in 2007. E-Z-GO excelled at custom-fitting specialty products to unique customer needs and launched a factory showroom with full sales and service capacity. Jacobsen established a 10-year exclusive relationship as official turf equipment supplier to The PGA of America, and a similar agreement with the PGA in Europe. Industry-leading engineering provided meaningful competitive advantage in fuel system evolution at Kautex, while strong business relationships yielded significant production contracts for several plants in the United States and Brazil. Fluid & Power's financial performance in 2006 reflected their integration of TSS processes at global facilities and an enthusiastic commitment to growth through R&D. In coming years, we will continue to expand our global manufacturing footprint. Jacobsen and E-Z-GO have long operated international facilities, and in 2006, other businesses in this segment also expanded significantly outside North America. Kautex established a third plant in China, a state-of-the-art facility in Guangzhou to handle regional demand, while its plant in Brazil will manufacture fuel tanks for Toyota beginning in 2008. Fluid & Power will expand the scope of their facility in China to support sales in the U.S. and Europe in the future. Greenlee, building on 2006's success, expects to nearly double product introductions by applying TSS to European operations and by developing international sourcing partners. Finance Segment At year-end 2006, Textron Financial's managed assets exceeded $10 billion. Segment profit reached a record level ­ $210 million. This growth was built upon thoughtful expansion and superior financial management, including relevant finance portfolio acquisitions and

exclusive dealer finance contracts. Our acquisition strategy at Textron Financial echoed the enterprise portfolio strategy ­ we acquired the assets of companies such as Electrolux Financial Corporation's inventory finance business, which share our quality and service commitment while providing a channel to enter related, profitable industries. We also selected well-run partners in viable industries and built mutually beneficial relationships with them. Using efficient TSS methods, Textron Financial will continue to tap into complementary markets and adjacent geographies to ensure growing value.
40,000 Reasons for Optimism

Reflecting on the enthusiastic reception to our products and valuable contracts won during 2006, I believe we all have reason to be optimistic about our prospects for 2007 and beyond. That said, ours is a journey that will never truly end. The world and our customers will continue to change rapidly ­ and will require us to make a stronger, more integrated effort than ever before. Textron's ability to anticipate and manage these changes will demonstrate the true power of our networked enterprise to create enduring value. An exceptionally well-informed and active Board of Directors, a deeply committed management team, industry-leading customers and truly dedicated employees around the globe have helped to transform Textron over these past six years. I thank each of you for your contributions. It's been said that a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. In our case, the passion, enthusiasm and sheer talent of our 40,000 employees has already enabled significant strides on a journey that knows no bounds. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Lewis B. Campbell Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Certified Six Sigma Green Belt

Financial Highlights
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)

2006 $ $ $ $ 11,490 1,267 11% 706 691 16.8% 5.43 1.55 $ $ $ $

2005 10,043 1,146 11% 516 546 13.2% 3.78 1.40

Operating Results Revenues Segment profit (1) Segment profit margin Income from continuing operations Free cash flow (2) ROIC (3) Common Share Data Diluted EPS from continuing operations Dividends per share
Footnotes to this table can be found on page 18.

$ $

$ $

5

