 0 5
to continue to realize Tyler's potential
To our shareholders:
2005 was a year of challenge, momentum and success for our company. Disappointing results from our Appraisal and Tax Division during the first half of the year challenged us to look inward – leading to an internal restruc- turing during the second quarter. Growing acceptance of our Odyssey courts software created significant momentum for our Courts and Justice Division – leading to a record backlog of signed business at year-end. And continued expansion of our financial suite of products into new markets led to record rev- enues for our Financials Division. By tackling the challenges we faced in early 2005, we now stand ready to fully capitalize on the momentum and success shown later in the year, which should make 2006 our best year ever.
Building on a Strong Base
“As we close 2005 and look to the future,
As we close 2005 and look to the future,
I am pleased to report that each of our major divisions is healthy
I am pleased to report that each of our major divisions is he
to continue to realize Tyler's pote
At Tyler, we increasingly consider free cash flow to be a true measure of our financial per- formance. With a high level of depreciation and amortization, declining capital expendi- ture requirements and complex accounting rules for software revenue recognition that often result in deferred revenue, we generate free cash flow that is considerably greater than our net income. Despite first half results that were below expectations, our 2005 free cash flow was a record $18.5 million (cash pro- vided by operations of $21.2 million minus capital expenditures of $2.7 million), a 21% increase over free cash flow in 2004. And we expect this trend to continue in the future, particularly with the recent accounting rule changes that will require us to recognize non- cash expense related to stock-based compen- sation beginning in 2006.
As we close 2005 and look to the future, I am pleased to report that each of our major divi- sions is healthy and in a strong position to continue to realize Tyler’s potential in the local government IT market. Our Financials Division continues to expand its sales both horizontally into new geographic markets and vertically into larger market opportunities, while at the same time broadening the scope of its product offerings. In 2005 our Financials Division had revenues in excess of $100 mil- lion, a first for Tyler, executing contracts with major customers such as the Indianapolis Public Schools and the City of Durham, North Carolina. We expect further growth from these market-leading products in 2006, hav- ing already started the year by signing a major contract with the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Building on a Strong Base
REALizingPOTENTIAL

  and in a strong position position
ealthy and in a strong position ential
in the local government IT market.”
in the local government IT market."
3
JOHN S.MARR,JR.,PRESIDENT & CEO

"...we believe we have the pieces in place ...we believe we have the pieces in place
to continue to realize our potential, and by doing so,
to continue to realize our potential, and by doing
reward our shareholders, customers, and employees." reward our stockholders, customers, and employees."
 Our Courts and Justice Division is beginning to reap the benefits from our prior investment in our Odyssey courts software, which contin- ues to mature and gain momentum in the marketplace. In the second half of 2005, we signed contracts with two of the nation’s ten largest counties. Already in 2006, we have signed a contract with the Texas Conference of Urban Counties, a consortium of 34 large Texas counties, which includes a license fee for Odyssey of approximately $12.4 million. While continuing to target state and larger county opportunities, we also expect to con- tinue to expand sales of Odyssey into the mid- size courts market, which should help provide a more consistent revenue stream from this product.
In 2005 we reorganized our Appraisal and Tax Division, segregating management of apprais- al services from software. Our new Appraisal and Tax software product, Orion, was built on the same Microsoft “best practices” technolo- gy as Odyssey. We released Orion in late 2004 with the initial installation in the State of Kansas. Our experience with Odyssey leads us to believe that Orion will take some time to build market acceptance and scale to the point that it is a consistent contributor to profits. We expect that, as with Odyssey, suc- cess with Orion will occur over time.
With respect to appraisal services, after record performance during 2001 – 2003, the market for appraisal services has returned to its historical level with annual revenue of approximately $18 million to $20 million. We expect appraisal services revenues to remain at these levels in the foreseeable future. With this outlook, we reorganized that division to better align costs with the expected revenue base, including the elimination of approxi- mately 120 positions. As a result, our appraisal services margins improved significantly and that business returned to profitability in the second half of 2005. We expect the appraisal services business to positively contribute to earnings in the future, providing Tyler with an incremental, complementary service offering that differentiates us from our competitors.
REALizingPOTENTIAL

JOHN S.MARR, JR.,PRESIDENT & CEO
  JOHN M.YEAMAN,CHAIRMAN
FREE CASH FLOW 20
Tyler’s free cash flow is very strong, and we will continue to reinvest our cash in ways we believe will maximize shareholders’ invest- ment in Tyler. First, our software business, which generates revenues from software licenses, software services and maintenance, has grown over the last five years at a com- pound growth rate of 17% -- well above the overall market rate. As we continue to grow, we will continue to invest in our software products to keep them competitive so that we may sustain this growth over the long-term. Today we have over 350 developers working to enhance our software by adding new fea- tures and functionality and incorporating new technologies, with virtually all of those costs being expensed.
Second, we will selectively use cash to add growth through acquisitions. In January 2006, we acquired MazikUSA, Inc. and TACS, Inc., two companies that give us new software products for the local government market that we did not previously offer. MazikUSA provides us with a line of school management software that complements the existing financial prod- ucts we sell to school districts across the nation. TACS adds pension administration soft- ware products to our robust financial offering.
Finally, we will at times invest our cash in Tyler through stock repurchases. In 2005, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $7.19 per share. Since 2003, we have repurchased a total of 10 million shares of our stock.
Primed for Success
Primed for Success
 g so,
Tyler enters 2006 with optimism and momen- tum. We operate in a large and growing mar- ket – one that is fragmented and without a dominant competitor. We have a broad line of products and services local governments need. We deliver those products and services through an incredibly strong team with unmatched domain expertise and lasting cus- tomer relationships. We have the financial strength to develop superior products, ensur- ing that our competitive position constantly improves. We have the resources and cash flow to fund growth both internally and through acquisitions, and a highly leveragable business model capable of expanding rev- enues, earnings, and cash flow. We believe that we have the necessary elements in place to continue to realize our potential, and by doing so, reward our shareholders, customers and employees.
JOHN S.MARR, JR.,PRESIDENT & CEO
 millions
15
10
5
’05 0
     5
’01
’02
’03
’04
Investing in the Future
Investing in the Future
