 our toshare
gives us the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities as they arise, including stock repurchases and strategic acquisitions.
A Strategic Acquisition
Tyler Technologies completed one acquisition in 2010—purchasing the assets of Wiznet, an electronic filing engine for courts. Rebranded as Odyssey® File & Serve, this powerful solution benefits our court clients
in a number of ways. It enables organizations to eliminate the cost of traditional filing, including storage and handling of paper documents. At the same time, it helps clients deliver a better experience to the public by providing instant electronic communication to all case parties, along with convenient features such as online payment of fees.
And for clients who choose our revenue- sharing model, Odyssey File & Serve can
be implemented with little or no up-front costs. In addition to these and other
client benefits, this acquisition offers key advantages to Tyler, including an attractive recurring revenue stream under the model in which we share transaction fees.
Importantly, Odyssey File & Serve also allows us to capitalize on the growing demand
for e-filing solutions. Today, e-filing solutions are requested by approximately 70 percent of prospects, compared to less than
five percent just five years ago. In fact, Odyssey File & Serve was the cornerstone of Tyler’s first federal contract—a $2.1 million agreement signed in November with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This solution
holders
The past two years have tested the strength and resolve of businesses in virtually every industry. As a technology solutions partner exclusively serving the public sector, Tyler Technologies has felt the impact of tightening budgets throughout our market. New business was off in 2010, as reflected by declines in software license and professional services revenues. Sales cycles are longer
as public sector organizations delay decisions, and client buying processes are more involved than they have historically been, with less predictable timing.
In spite of these difficult conditions, we have continued to cultivate long-term value for our clients, shareholders and employees. While market opportunities as a whole
were down in 2010, we improved win rates with our major products and continued to expand our client base, with $35 million
in new software license revenues. We
were very successful in growing recurring revenues, adding $17 million in subscription and maintenance revenues. Additionally,
we enhanced shareholder value with the repurchase of 3,559,000 shares of our common stock over the course of 2010.
Tyler continues to maintain a strong balance sheet with low debt. In August, Tyler
put into place a four-year, $150 million revolving credit facility. Our strong financial position enabled us to obtain very attractive terms on this long-term facility, which
2010 Annual Report 1
   
 will integrate with the SEC's existing case management system through Tyler's portal, allowing instant electronic access to all public, non-secured SEC filings. The agreement includes software licenses, as well as hosting and related professional services. This is just one example of how we continue to broaden our product offerings to win new business.
Managing Our Strengths
One of the most notable aspects of our performance in 2010 was the strong growth
of our subscription services. We continued
to convert a number of our traditional clients to the software as a service (SaaS) delivery model, providing a solution to the challenges of staff turnover and equipment maintenance by eliminating the need to manage software systems in-house. Our SaaS solutions are
also proving to be increasingly attractive
to new clients, giving them access to our industry-leading solutions without the up-front investment and with fewer in-house resources. Growth in recurring revenues works in our favor to help moderate the impact of dynamic and unpredictable capital spending cycles.
With slow new license sales in recent quarters, Tyler experienced a lower demand for our professional services. This resulted
in underutilization of our implementation teams, increasing pressures on gross margins. Historical methods of projecting staffing needs were not effective in this uncertain market. We are now staffing to projects that can be more tangibly identified, as well as
cross-training resources to better balance with needs, while retaining experienced and skilled professionals to be able to effectively serve clients as the market recovers.
Operationally, we continue to focus on maximizing efficiencies and reducing redundancies across our organization. As
a company that’s grown through strategic acquisitions, we have historically had a number of administrative and operational functions that were decentralized across our product lines.
In 2010, we launched an internal initiative
to evaluate these functions and move toward greater centralization of processes where it makes sense to do so. We’ve already made considerable progress in leveraging marketing, finance and accounting, and IT resources across the organization. We look forward to achieving more efficiency through greater integration in other areas, such as product development and professional services.
Investing in Product Development
Research and development are top priorities at Tyler Technologies, and our spending in these areas in 2010 was at its highest level ever as
we continued to make what we believe are well-timed investments that will benefit Tyler
and empower clients in the future. From partnering with Microsoft to develop multi-touch technology for the courtroom to using Microsoft® Silverlight® technology to make valuable business intelligence easily accessible to our clients, we are in the best possible position to address the changing technology needs of the public sector.
2 Tyler Technologies
   
  In the year ahead, we’re looking forward to the release of the Microsoft Dynamics® AX solution for the public sector. We’ve been working closely with Microsoft on the development of this product since 2007, and we’re excited about the opportunity
to combine Microsoft’s global reach in the software market with Tyler’s unmatched expertise in the public sector.
We’re confident that our clients will enjoy enhanced functionality from the Microsoft/
Tyler synergy. And we’ll have the opportunity
to access new markets both in the United States and internationally. It will take some time
to realize revenues from this new product, and we don’t expect to see a meaningful impact
in 2011, but we anticipate launching sales activities in the second half of the year.
Opportunities Ahead
We expect that Tyler will continue to win an increasing share of the market, even if the market is not currently expanding at the same rate it
did in the last decade. With extended sales cycles, the timing of new business continues to be less predictable than it has been historically. Still, despite inconsistent bookings over the
last few quarters, we finished the year with our backlog at the highest level in the company’s history at $281 million, up 21 percent from
the end of 2009. And with an active pipeline
of prospects and a competitive position that
we believe is stronger than ever, Tyler is cautiously optimistic about opportunities for improved performance in the next fiscal year.
John S. Marr, Jr.
President and CEO
John M. Yeaman
Chairman of the Board
Thanks to our company’s long-term approach to cultivating value, Tyler Technologies has succeeded in holding its ground financially while advancing our industry leadership
even during economic downturns. To our shareholders, employees and clients, we thank you for your enduring commitment to delivering excellence in the public sector.
John S. Marr, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
 2010 Annual Report 3
   