Dear Shareholders
It’s not often we have the chance to compare our performance in two back-to-back,
vastly different years – but there’s no better way to illustrate the Universal spirit and
drive than to prove our mettle in divergent markets and economic times.
The challenges of 2006 followed the strong markets and conditions that defined
2005: A dismal housing market in 2006 followed 2005’s unprecedented building
activity; cold and wet weather conditions hampered sales in the latter part of 2006
while cataclysmic hurricanes helped to drive business in late 2005.
Two years, two extremes, yet Universal succeeded in each. How? By balancing
risk with caution, by knowing our markets and customers, by being the company
customers can count on whether times are booming or slow, and by relying on the grit
of a workforce that takes performance to heart.
Do-It-Yourself/retail saw 2006 sales of $962 million, down 5.0% from 2005 due, in
part, to lower lumber prices and a drop in consumer spending. While we believe this
market will experience just modest
growth in the coming years, we see
strong opportunity for Universal due to
our expanding portfolio of outdoor living products, our strong book of business in
2007, the strength of our relationships with existing customers, and our purchase of
one of the largest wood preservation operations
in the U.S. that opens South Florida and the
Caribbean to Universal products.
Sales to site-built construction in 2006 were up
7.7% over the previous year to $812 million –
even with a 14% drop in single family housing
starts. We see opportunity where others can’t.
As business slows and the need for fast-and-
furious delivery of product subsides, builders have time
to learn about how our engineered products can save
them money, enhance quality, and speed the building
process. More and more builders are looking for turn-key
solutions and our framing operations are growing as a
result in selected markets. In addition, builders’ trend
to source more from a single supplier favors a company
with a national footprint, like Universal.
Industrial sales for the year were $551 million, up 4.3% over 2005. We look to this
market with great hope and anticipation, and we’re devoting more resources to
it each year. From crates used to ship bullet-proof glass to U.S. Embassies abroad to
components for garage doors, we create solutions for customers through our strong
buying power, engineering and manufacturing expertise, and innovation.
Manufactured housing sales were $382 million, down 13.1% from
2005. As this market continues to find its footing, customers rely on
Universal for a dependable supply of quality products. Our purchase of
Banks Lumber was intended to ensure the stability of the supply chain
and strengthen our long-term position in the market. Banks opens the
recreational vehicle (RV) market to Universal, and we’re dedicating
operations
solely to that industry. Builders continue to rely on our products
to create better, more customized homes for their customers.
On the following pages, you’ll learn a bit more about our markets, our performance, our reasons
for optimism and what we’re doing to make our shareholders pleased with their investment in us
in 2007 and beyond.
Sincerely,
William G. Currie, Executive Chairman Michael B. Glenn, President and CEO