Dear Shareholders,
For years, it’s been a privilege to write
to you about Universal Forest Products’
successes – in good as well as challenging
times – and to illustrate the strengths
of our strategies and people. This year is
no different.
In 2003, Universal showcased its abilities
to find success where others couldn’t
(for example, our manufactured housing
business was relatively healthy in view
of the industry’s continued struggles),
to expand where growth was prudent
(our framing and installation services, for
example, are forging new territory for
Universal and we’re enjoying success with our wood-alternative products), and to
maintain our commitment to measured,
steady progress.
On the cover of this report are three
words:
GROWTH, BALANCE, RESULTS.
They’re simple terms that, in corporate
America and a global marketplace, are
relatively difficult to achieve and maintain.
At Universal, however, they’re the basis
of what we do and who we are; they’re
woven into our culture like DNA.
As we’ve learned over the decades, there
are many ways to achieve
GROWTH
and
the right time for each strategy. In 2003,
after a few years of aggressive acquisition,
we focused on internal growth; on assimi-
lating our acquisitions and capitalizing on
our facilities, systems and people so that
we’d be prepared for the next round of
acquisitions. That’s exactly what we did.
Armed with the Key Performance
Indicators (KPIs) we defined and unveiled
at the end of 2002, we focused on
sharpening our systems and processes,
maximizing use of our capital, minimizing
costs, and building the foundation for
another $1 billion in
top-line growth. We
had impressive
results.
For example, we
exceeded our
2003 safety KPI by reducing our accident frequency rate by 20%. In
fact, 45% of our manufacturing facilities
already have met our five-year goal and
they will be challenged to do even better.
We
also met our 2003 sales KPI – to
increase sales to approximately $1.9
billion – putting us on target to reach
$2.65 billion in sales by 2007.
We
did all of this with a commitment to
BALANCE,
which is another fundamental
concept at Universal. We have created
success through a balance of cyclical,
non-cyclical, and counter-cyclical markets.
W
e’ve grown through a prudent balance
of internal and external strategies. We’ve
strengthened business relationships by
balancing loyalty with rigorous demands
for performance and integrity. We’ve
ensured performance by balancing hard
work with appropriate reward. We’ve
enhanced our reputation by balancing
confidence with the knowledge and
resources we need to make good on our
promises. What did that get us in 2003?
RESULTS.
For us – and for our shareholders
– this is where the rubber meets the road.
Through a focus on growth and a commitment to balance, we achieved results
in 2003 that give us pride in our systems
and people, and confidence that we’re
on track to reach our aggressive long-
term goals.
We
ended 2003 with a 10.7% increase in
earnings per share (fully diluted) and a
15.8% increase in net sales. By market,
we saw sales of:
•
$900.2 million in DIY/retail,
up 18.5% over 2002,
• $400.1 million in site-built
construction, up 22.4% over 2002,
• $313.5 million in industrial and
other, up 20.4% over 2002, and
•
$285.0 million in manufactured
housing, a slight decline of 2.7%
over 2002, despite a 23% decline
in industry production during the year.
The success behind the numbers can be
seen in the almost 8,000 people who
come to work every day at nearly 100
Universal facilities determined to help the
company hit its goals, to make their work
a source of pride and their workplace
a breeding ground of performance and
integrity. People like Ariel Hayward, a
highly successful sales rep who, despite
battling cancer, arrives each day with a
positive spirit and determination to grow
our business. Throughout 2003, Ariel
used his skills to add millions of dollars in
sales to our efforts in Chesapeake, VA and
increase our customer base. And like
Safety Director Rigo Guerrero, who helped
drive safety into all of our processes in
Arlington, Texas, decreasing our record-
able accident rate by 81% in just one year!
Then there are the people who help to
guide our success through their vision and
leadership. In 2003, we were honored to
add three distinguished members to our
board of directors: former Michigan
Governor John Engler; Dan Dutton, chairman
of Stimson Lumber Company; and Gary
Goode, a Certified Public Accountant and
former partner of an international CPA
firm who now is an independent financial
consultant. They join an already strong
board and are helping to guide Universal
with wisdom and integrity.
Thanks to strong leadership, the best
workforce in America, solid systems and
a focus on creating results through
prudent growth and balance, Universal
earns respect and distinction along with
its success. For example, Universal again
moved up the Fortune 1000 list of
America’s largest corporations (up 73
places to number 769) and ranked highly
(in profits and total return to investors)
against the other eleven companies in the
forest and paper products industry.
Universal also again was named to Forbes
magazine’s "Platinum 400," an annual
listing of the 400 best-performing U.S.
companies, and was included on the list
of "Top 50 U.S. Manufacturers" compiled
by Industry Week magazine.
These are prestigious recognitions and
we’re grateful for them. We also know
that we must balance our gratitude and
pride with the knowledge that none of this
is guaranteed. We have hefty competition
from companies that are working hard to
take our business and remove us from
the leadership spot we enjoy in each
of our industries. We face significant
challenges in many sectors -- from the
economy to a volatile lumber market
to making sure we have a pipeline of
strong people who can accommodate our
growth, to name just a few. Fortunately,
though, we have another weapon in
our arsenal: relentless determination.
We
intend to remain strong and to grow.
We
intend to keep the best people by
giving them opportunities to do what they
do best and to grow. We intend to go
about our business with integrity, honesty
and loyalty. And we intend to ensure
that our shareholders continue to be
pleased with their investment in Universal
Forest Products.
With you, we look forward to many more
years of continued success.
With gratitude,
Peter F. Secchia
Chairman of the Board
William G. Currie
Vice Chairman and CEO