                   To our employees, customers and stockholders:
Join us as we build on the past and plant seeds for a stronger future.
DOMTAR ANNUAL REVIEW 2009 3

                 2009 was a challenging year for our economy and for many business sectors—and the pulp and paper industry was no exception. In the face of adverse economic and market conditions, Domtar management and employees buckled down to focus on the fundamentals: customers, costs, cash. The result? We successfully navigated through the storm, demonstrating progress throughout the second half of the year. Stronger from the experience, we are ready to take on the future.
Although we are all quite eager to talk about the recession and its recovery in the past tense, I think it is important to take a moment and recognize that we faced dramatic challenges last year and that, all things considered, we performed very well. None of this would have been possible without the loyalty of our customers, the hard work of our employees, and the support of our stockholders.
Executing Under Pressure
While sometimes we may want to initiate change, too often change is thrust upon us. In late 2008 and throughout 2009, many changes occurred that we did not anticipate, including rapidly declining demand for paper and the collapse of pulp prices. Instead of fighting against these changes, we chose to adapt and responded effectively to an evolving reality.
Given the declining demand for paper and pulp, we aggressively balanced our production with demand by taking 257,000 metric tons of pulp and 467,000 tons of paper lack-of-order downtime, and rationalized paper capacity by approximately 199,000 tons. We also reduced paper inventories by about 150,000 tons.
Keeping our focus on financial discipline, we strengthened our balance sheet by paying down over $400 million of debt over the past year and by refinancing a significant portion of our debt back in June.This certainly contributed to improving our credit rating outlook. We plan on continuing to focus on debt repayment.
In terms of financial performance, we closed the year on a high note despite the seasonality of our business.We generated $686 million in free cash flow including cash received from fuel tax credits, resulting from the production of black liquor at our U.S. pulp and paper mills. Initiatives to reduce working capital were an important part of this, including $261 million from inventory reduction and additional monies from procurement initiatives, demonstrating that hard work really pays off!
Planting Seeds for the Future
In 2009, our focus was on cutting costs at every level of the organization and working on our fundamentals. Despite this focus, we never stopped thinking about the future of our business or the needs of our customers. We opened a pulp sales office in Hong Kong—expanding our sales force capabilities to establish direct customer relationships and services in a growing market. We are also converting our Plymouth, NC, mill to 100% fluff pulp production by the end of 2010, capitalizing on the mill’s ideal location and existing fluff pulp production expertise.
In early 2010, we established a partnership involving the development of nanotechnologies. Potential product applications range from polymers to bone replacement. Although only in the development stages, this initiative demonstrates the potential of wood fiber-based products beyond pulp and paper.
Reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by decreasing our reliance on fossil fuels and developing energy efficiency programs remains another important priority for Domtar. While maintaining our 78% energy self-sufficiency in 2009, we also made progress toward improving our performance even further.
We broke ground for a new steam generator at our Marlboro, SC, mill which will bring the mill to 95% energy self- sufficiency. We have also entered into a partnership with We Energies at our Rothschild, WI, mill for the potential
4 DOMTAR ANNUAL REVIEW 2009

                 development of a steam plant on location that would not only provide the mill with 100% of its steam requirements but also supply power to We Energies customers in the area. These initiatives help us cut costs, improve our carbon footprint by reducing our reliance on fossil fuels and also speak to the potential of using biomass as a source of energy, already an important part of pulp and paper manufacturing.
We will have the opportunity to invest in our Canadian mills with projects aimed at improving their energy and environmental performance thanks to the Canadian Government’s Pulp and Paper Green Transformation Program. To date, we have a total of seven projects in the works, including two substantial projects in Kamloops, BC. In total, approximately CAD$143 million has been allocated to Domtar.
In our manufacturing system, we have expanded Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) Chain-of-Custody certification to our entire mill network. What does this mean? We can now produce FSC-certified products at any of our mills across North America. This will help us further develop our Domtar EarthChoice® line of sustainable papers. We are working on increasing the availability of FSC fiber to continue to grow this brand through various initiatives with industry partners and suppliers, namely the Carbon Canopy project.
Last year we marked a significant milestone, selling our millionth ton of Domtar EarthChoice® paper. This achievement underlines our continued commitment to providing our customers and end users with high quality and environmentally responsible products.
A Promise of Renewal and Positive Change Ahead
Although the recession may be behind us, a new reality lies ahead and is ours now to embrace. The fact is that we are in a mature business. We must focus more than ever on our competitive advantages as a market and sustainability leader, as well as a manufacturer of high quality and environmentally responsible pulp and paper products. We will continue to focus on customers, costs and cash, and on maximizing the value of our assets while seeking opportunities for growth and diversification. This includes the repurposing of our assets where viable, partnerships and the dives- titure of businesses and trailing assets that we consider non-core.
On the Paper Merchants business front we are evaluating our geographic position. We have a sales force that moves approximately 0.7 million tons of paper a year but with a mostly Eastern presence. We are looking at the best way to optimize this business.
While in 2009 we reacted to many unexpected changes, in the future we will be the agents of change. We will see the projects that we have undertaken through to their completion while keeping an eye on other potential opportunities to plant seeds for the future.
We are highly motivated, and I am excited and proud to work with a team that has proven that it can rise to a challenge. As we sow the seeds of change for the future, I am confident that we will continue to make important progress toward our company’s growth and success.
John D. Williams
President and Chief Executive Officer
 “While in 2009 we reacted to many unexpected changes, in the future we will be the agents of change.”
 DOMTAR ANNUAL REVIEW 2009 5
