Message to Our Shareholders
  Domtar has a compelling story to tell for 2010. We performed well above expectations and posted record earnings. We continued to execute our “Perform, Grow, Break Out” strategic roadmap, launched in 2009, generating increased cash flow, completing our systematic debt reduction program, executing key divestitures, repurposing some of our assets and entering a new, exciting phase for Domtar.
Throughout the recession and the subsequent sluggish economic recovery in 2010, we succeeded in remaining focused on the basics. We continued to provide our employees with a stimulating and safe work environment and bring tangible value to our shareholders and customers.
We also made significant progress moving forward with our strategic roadmap, while achieving solid financial results and cash flow, and providing more flex- ibility to our balance sheet. Domtar has attained the operational agility needed to secure its industry leadership, and we have positioned ourselves to capture opportunities ahead.
 
A Chronicle of Success
Domtar’s performance last year was outstanding despite some adverse market conditions, including slow-to-recover employment rates in the U.S. This success stemmed in large part from our focus in 2009 and throughout 2010 on three fundamentals: customers, costs and cash.
By offering the products and services our customers need, we were rewarded with their continued loyalty and new opportunities. We continued to manage our costs by increasing the efficiency of our system and running on lower inventories, while taking minimal downtime in pulp and paper. Sales were up thanks to higher average selling prices and despite secular volume decline. This focus on margins over volume is paying off. Net earnings almost doubled over last year and free cash flow edged over the billion dollar mark. We also completed our systematic debt reduction program, cutting our debt in half over last year, reducing it by nearly $900 million.
We have made significant progress rationalizing our portfolio of assets. In the first quarter of last year, we announced our exit from the coated groundwood paper business with the closure of the Columbus, MS mill, the first of a series of actions that would streamline our portfolio. The successful sales of our forest products business and Woodland, ME hardwood pulp mill followed.
We were also in a position to begin returning cash to our shareholders. In the second quarter of 2010, we announced a $0.25 quarterly dividend and
$150-million share buyback program.
Domtar’s stronger balance sheet and lower debt load are positive reflections of a well-executed plan. Our consistent financial discipline and improved cash and cost management practices will continue to help drive the next phase of our evolution.
TO OUR SHAREHO”LDERS AND CUSTOMERS. 
John D. Williams
President and Chief Executive Officer
“THROUGHOUT THE RECESSION AND THE SUBSEQUENT SLUGGISH ECONOMIC RECOVERY IN 2010, WE SUCCEEDED IN REMAINING FOCUSED ON THE BASICS. WE CONTINUED TO PROVIDE OUR EMPLOYEES WITH A STIMULATING AND SAFE WORK ENVIRONMENT, AND BRING TANGIBLE VALUE
 
“WE CONTINUE TO EVOLVE IN A SPIRIT OF OPEN MINDEDNESS AND OPTIMISM FOR OUR BUSINESS, OUR INVESTORS, OUR COLLEAGUES AND OUR CUSTOMERS.
WE ARE PROUD OF OUR PROGRESS OVER THE LAST YEAR AND REMAIN CONFIDENT THAT OUR PRO”SPECTS ARE STRONG. 
Positioning Ourselves for the Future
In our quest to counterbalance the cyclical nature of our business and to replace lost revenues from declining fine paper demand, we aim to increase our revenue streams in growing markets and provide a more stable cash flow by seeking opportunities that will strengthen our business while being accretive to shareholders over time.
We view our growth opportunities as twofold: 1) by leveraging our existing assets and skills, and 2) through acquisitions. Over the last year, we focused on investing in our core pulp and paper system to keep it world-class. We are also committed to ensuring a good balance between supply and our customer demand. Maintaining our scale while improving our agility will enable us to successfully capture future opportunities.
We launched and completed several projects that have increased our presence in growing markets, such as the repurposing of our Plymouth, NC mill to 100% fluff pulp production. In Canada, we moved forward with several projects under the Government’s Pulp and Paper Green Transformation Program (PPGTP) to improve the energy efficiency and environmental performance of our operations. Projects announced to date represent almost all of the $143 million in credits for which we are eligible. We have completed a major boiler upgrade at our Kamloops, BC mill, and improvements at our Espanola, ON facility. Additional projects are also in the pipeline for Dryden, ON, Windsor, QC and Kamloops, BC.
A Sustainable Paper Company
Improved environmental performance is the common thread in our PPGTP projects, and in line with our longstanding commitment to sustainability. In fact, we remain a pioneer and leader in this area. For example, we were one of the first companies in our industry to commit to the certification of all our operations to Forest Stewardship CouncilTM (FSC®) standards. Since 2009, all of our facilities are FSC® Chain-of-Custody certified. We plan to continue to set the pace for our industry in this important aspect of our business.
Our lasting dedication to sustainability has led to fruitful collaborations with leading environmental organizations such as Rainforest Alliance, World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and The Nature Conservancy, something we are very proud of. But sustainability goes beyond a concern for the environment to encompass our colleagues and the communities where we work and live. To ensure that our sustainable growth policies and vision are reflected in every facet of our

organization, we formed a cross-functional/departmental Sustainability Committee in 2010. We also pursued our target of improving our health and safety perfor- mance and posted another record year, having reduced our incident frequency rate by almost one third since 2007.
Sustainability will remain a priority for us and, we believe, will play a key role in our growth over time. The new biomass-fueled steam turbine generator started up at our Marlboro, SC mill is the perfect marriage between an in-house improvement leading to important cost savings and an opportunity to enhance the environmental sustainability of our operations. The announcement in July 2010 of an initiative to build a nanocrystalline cellulose demonstration plant at our Windsor, QC mill, in partnership with FPInnovations, is another prime instance of how we can enhance existing infrastructure or capitalize on our expertise, and take our business in new and exciting directions.
More to Come...
Domtar has a history of challenging the industry status quo, and we expect to break more new ground in the years to come. Whether it is tapping into new markets with innovative fiber-based products, forward integrating our long pulp position in other grades, or further expanding our footprint, we are evaluating our options. While remaining financially conservative in our approach, we now have the agility needed to seize opportunities in areas with better demand dynamics, whether here in our North American market or in global markets.
We will seek to uphold our leadership in sustainability by further expanding our EarthChoice® line of papers and working closely with our environmental partners. In 2010, we launched the PAPER because campaign, which aims to dispel some of the misconceptions about paper use. As an industry leader, we felt it was important for us to take the initiative and convey the positive messages about paper.
We continue to evolve in a spirit of open mindedness and optimism for our business, our investors, our colleagues and our customers. We are proud of our progress over the last year and remain confident that our prospects are strong. I look forward to continuing to move along our strategic roadmap as we grow, break out, and assure our long term success.
John D. Williams
President and Chief Executive Officer
NUMBER OF RECORDABLE INJURIES
(Per 200,000 work hours)
}
29% reduction
    08 09 10
 1.98 1.51
1.41
