To Our Shareholders
 It was just twelve months ago that we were writing you about “sustainable performance” at UGI. At that time, we were
referring not only to UGI’s 127 year record of excellent financial and operating performance, but also to our commitment to environmental stewardship. During our 2009 fiscal year, we once again demonstrated the efficacy of our business model in helping to sustain our tradition of success.
In a year in which global economic upheaval and significant industry challenges resulted in many companies faltering, we kept our sights focused on pursuing our strategies and executing our business plans. While we certainly did not escape entirely from the worldwide issues that existed during the year, our adherence to fundamentals produced tangible results. We once again achieved our financial goals: our earnings per share grew nearly 19% from $1.99 to $2.36 per share. At the same time, we increased our dividend per share by 4%, the 22nd consecutive annual increase in our dividend. These results are noteworthy under any circumstances, but are even more noteworthy given the difficult economic environment in which they were achieved.
The strength of our financial performance helped our stock price weather the extraordinary volatility that affected financial markets. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009, the total return
to our shareholders was 0.3% compared to a decline of about 7% in both Standard & Poor’s Utility Index and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. While our stock price was certainly not immune to
the significant decline that affected financial markets during the year, there was a great deal more stability in our value than in that of most companies. This is not to suggest that we are satisfied with our stock price. We are, however, proud of our long-term performance. As always, we continue to believe that our stock price will, over time, reflect our overall financial progress. In this regard, our earnings per share have grown at a compounded annual rate of nearly 16% over the past five fiscal years, and our dividend has been increased at the compounded annual rate of 5% over that period.
As has been the case for many years, our fine financial performance has been recognized by the following organizations:
• Forbes named UGI to their list of “America’s Best Big Companies”;
• Barron’s Dow Jones Business and Financial Weekly ranked UGI among its 500 top-performing large companies;
• Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy Companies”; and
Lon R. Greenberg
John L. Walsh
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
Many companies reacted to the significant global downturn by drastically curtailing spending and investment, even in areas
that are important to their future. We took, and are taking, a different approach. Of course, we must continue to improve our competitiveness. But while we maintain discipline and prudence in the near term, we also recognize the need to maintain the discipline to invest for the future. During fiscal year 2009, we continued to invest in growth initiatives, in acquisitions and in our people. In other words, we did not simply ride out the storm.

We took a long-term view and acted to secure our future. For example:
• At the beginning of our 2009 fiscal year, we acquired PPL’s gas utility, now known as UGI Central Penn Gas. We integrated this business into our existing gas utility business with great thought and care, and the integration process delivered the benefits we expected. Two of our gas utility businesses also successfully completed rate cases. New rates, which went into effect at
the end of the fiscal year, are expected to help us achieve our financial goals for fiscal year 2010.
• AmeriGas advanced its strategy of profitable growth through acquisition by acquiring businesses distributing over 20 million gallons during the year. In addition, AmeriGas’ cylinder exchange business grew transactions by three percent, and its strategic accounts business grew the number of locations served and added several new major accounts. AmeriGas also introduced new safety training and awareness programs and technologies which helped reduce employee and vehicle accident rates by more than 25%.
• Antargaz solidified its cylinder market strategy by furthering development of its “Calypso” lightweight composite cylinder and its relationship with Carrefour, a leading French retailer. Antargaz also introduced innovative marketing programs designed to meet the needs of its residential heating customers. At the same time, Flaga took a significant step forward by acquiring its joint venture partner’s interest in ZLH, which distributes LPG in Eastern Europe.
• Our Energy Services business made significant progress in pursuing two internally generated large capital projects: a natural gas fired electric generating plant and the expansion of our liquefied natural gas facility. Required approvals were obtained to move forward with these projects and construction was begun on both. We expect the generating facility to commence operations during the summer of 2011 and the LNG facility to commence operations in late 2012.
• In recognition of our responsibility to the environment and delivering sustainable energy solutions, we initiated a number of critical new projects in 2009. Early in the year, we commenced operation of our Broad Mountain landfill gas power generation facility. This project, one of the largest landfill gas-to-energy projects in the eastern United States, can generate roughly
11 MW of power and is recognized as a Tier 1 renewable energy site. Late in the year, we announced plans to invest in a solar energy project at Crayola’s headquarters in Easton, PA. The project, when completed, will supply Crayola with 2 MW of
power generated by a networked system of over 26,000 solar panels on a 15 acre site. In addition to these two noteworthy capital projects, we enhanced our focus on sustainability across all of UGI’s operations. We have launched a series of internal projects, such as installation of high-efficiency lighting at our corporate offices aimed at reducing energy consumption, and intensified our recycling and conservation programs in order to reduce or eliminate waste across our entire system.
One of the enduring lessons we have learned from our many years of senior executive experience is the power of a company’s culture to make a major difference in whether employees find ways to meet and overcome large challenges and achieve sustainable high-level performance. Cultures are built over long periods of time. Our culture is built on meeting our commitments: to provide exceptional customer service, to treat our employees fairly and with respect, to deliver superior long-term value to
our shareholders and to be a good corporate citizen. We are relentless in pursuing these commitments. What sets us apart is our enduring commitment to honesty, integrity and fair dealing while doing so. We believe our culture to be conducive to employee engagement and, thus, to have played a critical role
in our having achieved success over the years.
It has become increasingly clear that despite the market turmoil of the past year, there still are attractive opportunities for us to invest in the future. We will continue to remain financially strong and nimble, and to move quickly to seize them. We have the right strategies, capabilities and people to be successful in doing so. Of course we cannot predict when opportunities will present themselves. But we will be ready when they do.
We want to express our gratitude to our Board of Directors for their guidance, insight and commitment to excellence. Similarly, a note of thanks to all the employees of UGI – your tireless efforts to make UGI a better company are deeply appreciated.
Our business and financial performance is the result of clear choices and extraordinary commitment and capability at every level of our company. We are as optimistic about our future as we have ever been. UGI remains a company you can count on to deliver sustainable performance in the future.
  Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Operating Officer
