To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2012 was noteworthy in many respects for UGI. While much of our discussion during the year focused on the unusually warm weather and its impact on our businesses, the most critical events for UGI in the long run were the strategic investments made over the past 12 months. This was a year of intense activity for us, as we focused on our strategic activities of acquisition integration and capital project execution.
We made significant progress on our objective of growing
in sectors that align with our position as a “distributor and marketer of energy products and services.” We have seen dramatic changes in the energy sector over the past few years, in particular the emergence of the Marcellus Shale as the most significant new natural gas and liquids field in the United States. These changes have created exciting new opportunities for
UGI and we are focused on successfully developing those opportunities that align with our strategic vision for the company.
Our financial results in fiscal year 2012 were dramatically impacted by the record warm weather across the entire United States and weather in Europe that was much warmer than normal. Notwithstanding the adverse effects of weather on our financial results, UGI’s total return to shareholders during the
year was 25.4% as investors looked past the temporary effect of weather on our results and focused more on our progress and potential. UGI’s total return to shareholders over the past decade has averaged 13.7%, compared to 11.3% for the Standard
& Poor’s 500 Utilities index and 8% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index. Our average annual dividend growth over that same period was 7.0%. We were recognized by a number of respected publications in 2012:
• Fortune named UGI as one of the top 500 companies in the United States and ranked UGI sixty-seventh in delivering shareholder value;
• Barron’s ranked UGI among its top-performing companies; • Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy
Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
We have maintained an unwavering focus on executing our strategy to grow our core utilities and propane businesses while identifying related and complementary growth opportunities.
Each of our businesses made significant contributions to our progress on this strategic objective in fiscal 2012:
• It was a year of unprecedented activity for our Gas Utility team. Our infrastructure replacement program has been enhanced, with a record level of investment in the past year. We recently filed
a settlement agreement with the PA Public Utility Commission
on the Allentown investigation with specific timetables for infrastructure replacement and we are fully prepared to execute this accelerated program. We also set a new record for growth
in the Gas Utility, driven by the significant demand for fuel oil- to-natural gas conversions. Our residential conversions and upgrades were up over 50% vs. 2011 and our commercial account additions increased approximately 20%. Net customer growth in our Gas Utility topped 2% for the year.
• Acquisition integration was the major focus for our propane businesses in both the United States and Europe. AmeriGas’ acquisition of Energy Transfer Partners propane businesses, Heritage Operating, L.P. and Titan Propane LLC, was the largest acquisition in our history. We announced our intent to acquire the business in October 2011 and the transaction closed this past January. The Heritage acquisition was an exceptional opportunity to expand the scope of our U.S. propane operations. We’ve made great progress on our integration program at AmeriGas in the months since the acquisition closed. All critical milestones
for integration activities have been achieved and the field teams are aligned and prepared for the upcoming winter heating season. We’re very confident that we’ll achieve the operational, service and growth targets that drove the business case for the investment.
• In October 2011, we closed on the acquisition of Shell’s propane operations in eight European countries, covering the Benelux and Nordic regions as well as the United Kingdom. We had a full 12 months to execute our integration plan in Europe for these acquired businesses and our teams achieved all significant synergy goals, and are positioned for a strong start to the new fiscal year. More recently, in November 2012, we announced our intention to acquire BP’s propane distribution business in Poland. This acquisition, which we expect to close mid-fiscal 2013, will strengthen our position in one of Europe’s largest LPG markets.

 John L. Walsh
Lon R. Greenberg
people to provide exceptional service to our customers and
our communities. This strong commitment enabled us to address the many challenges we faced during the fiscal year while maintaining our focus on customer service, delivering shareholder value and being a good corporate citizen. One of the keys to our success is the quality of our leadership team. We focus considerable effort on succession planning and
this planning was evident during the year as we carried out seamless transitions for several senior management roles. Gene Bissell, our CEO at AmeriGas and Bob Knauss, UGI’s General Counsel, both retired after long and distinguished careers with us. We were delighted to appoint Jerry Sheridan as Gene’s successor at AmeriGas and to recruit Monica Gaudiosi, who has an extensive background as a General Counsel in energy- related businesses, as Bob’s successor. We are grateful to Gene and Bob for the major contributions they made to our success and pleased that the transition program for these two key roles was executed so successfully.
We have several key transitions planned for 2013. Dr. Stephen Ban, who has been a board member for UGI since 1991 and an AmeriGas Board member since 2006, will have reached
the mandatory board retirement age when this year’s annual meeting convenes. We are grateful to Steve for his long service to UGI and we will miss his critical insights on the energy sector as well as his commitment to technology and innovation. In addition, the UGI board recently announced our transition
plan for CEO, which is scheduled for the spring of 2013. This process is well underway and we are planning for another very successful transition.
Our experience during fiscal 2012 further reinforced our commitment to UGI’s strategy of targeted expansion. We believe the progress achieved by each of our teams during the year positions us well for future success. As always, our strategic vision for the company must be matched by our absolute commitment to the execution of our strategies.
• It was a very productive year for our Midstream and Marketing business as they executed on a range of capital projects along a number of fronts, including:
– Our gas-fired 125 megawatt power generation facility in Hunlock, PA was restarted in late June and is operating at its full capacity.
– We completed the 1 BCF expansion of our LNG peaking facility in Temple, PA, quadrupling our storage capacity. The plant is fully operational for the 2012/2013 winter peaking season.
– Our Marcellus pipeline infrastructure investment strategy is progressing well. In February, we completed the Auburn I gathering system and compression project in northeastern Pennsylvania. The Auburn II project, which will extend our existing Auburn line southward to connect with the Transco pipeline, is in the field execution phase with an expected in- service date early in fiscal 2014.
– We continue to be active within our Midstream footprint as we seek out additional investment opportunities in pipeline, gathering and storage projects in the Marcellus region.
As a distributor and marketer of energy products and services, our success is largely determined by the commitment of our
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Operating Officer
  