                  For many years, we have attributed UGI’s success to our intense focus on what really counts: driving long-term perfor- mance by seizing market opportunities and maintaining our focus on execution. During fiscal year 2006, this unwaver-
ing focus resulted in our identification of several significant opportunities to expand our businesses. At the same time, we undertook efforts to enhance our ability to serve our existing customers and extend our reach to new customers by offering innovative products and services.
In most cases, the opportunities we seized have translated into better short- term, as well as long-term, financial per- formance.Thus, we have become accus- tomed to reporting increases in both net income and earnings per share in our an- nual letter. As we entered fiscal year 2006, however, we advised you that we did not expect our earnings to increase due to unusually strong earnings from our French business in the prior year.While our advice proved to be reliable, in fiscal year 2006 we were able to overcome the unan- ticipated dual challenges of significantly warmer-than-normal winter weather and an unprecedented rise in energy prices. As a result, we achieved our second-best-ever level of earnings. At the same time, we kept our word and raised our dividend by more than 4%, the nineteenth consecutive annual increase.
As we were writing last year’s letter,
the price of our common stock had fallen from the record level in effect at the end
of fiscal year 2005.Yet, as fiscal year 2006 progressed, our stock price recovered
in response to the progress we made. Thus, while total return to shareholders fell 10.5% during fiscal year 2006, nearly that entire decline occurred in the period September 30, 2005 through December 31, 2005. Since January 1, 2006, total return
to shareholders has increased nearly 40%. Similarly, the total return to sharehold-
ers we delivered over the last eight years tracks our superior long-term financial performance: over the eight-year period ended September 30, 2006, our earnings per share grew at a compounded annual rate of 19.0%, while compounded an-
nual total return to shareholders grew by 21.1%.This return compares very favorably with Standard & Poor’s Utility Index, which had a return of 4.7% over this period.
In 2006, we were once again recognized for our sustained superior performance:
• Forbes named UGI to their Platinum
400 list of best-managed companies in
America;
• Public Utilities Fortnightly again placed
UGI on its list of “400 Best Energy
Companies”;
• Barron’s Dow Jones Business and
Financial Weekly again ranked UGI among its 500 top-performing large companies;
• Platt’s named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy Companies”;
• J.D. Power and Associates ranked UGI Utilities, Inc. “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Natural Gas Service in the Eastern U.S., FourYears in a Row”. We are confident we will continue our
tradition of success because of the strong foundation we’ve built over many years. We have clear strategies for each of our businesses, strengths in the core com- petencies critical in our industry and an organizational structure that enables us to leverage our strengths and achieve
our goals.
This combination of strategy, strength
and structure enables us to capitalize on opportunities, and we did so last year. We took two major steps to expand our busi- nesses and position ourselves for future growth.The first was the acquisition of PG Energy, now known as UGI Penn Natural Gas, a natural gas distribution utility serv- ing northeastern Pennsylvania.The second step reflects our international reach: the formation of a joint venture with Progas
to distribute LP Gas in Eastern Europe. These two transactions reflect our view that successful companies in the energy distribution business are those that can operate efficiently and create value in both regulated and competitive markets.
The merger of UGI Penn Natural Gas with our existing UGI natural gas utility
2
We will continue our tradition of success because of the strong foundation we have built.

  UGI Corporation 2006 Annual Report
 allows us to combine two companies with long histories of reliably providing natural gas at competitive rates. Each company is also known for its outstanding customer service. We believe providing competitive rates and excellent customer service are essential elements in our commitment to enhance the core of our businesses.
The second major step, the formation of our joint venture to distribute LP Gas in Eastern Europe, is equally important to our long-term success. The union of these businesses enhances their strengths by enabling broader access to high-growth markets, while at the same time provid- ing opportunities to extend their product lines.The expansion of our businesses in these and other global markets promises great opportunity. While there are near- term challenges in some of these markets that limit initial returns, we need to make strategic investments in these developing markets today to capture the growth op- portunities of tomorrow.
Perhaps the most promising long-term investment we make, however, is the investment in our people. We constantly remind ourselves that the most important thing we can do for employees is to build a healthy, vibrant company that treats people with respect and creates opportu- nities for them. Thus, we remain commit- ted to creating a true meritocracy in which our employees have the tools and support they need to satisfy our customers and develop their careers. Our concern for our employees has also led us to elevate safe- ty awareness to a higher level through- out the entire organization. A successful company provides its people with a safe environment, competitive compensation and rewarding career paths.
UGI has been – and will continue to
be – a good corporate citizen. Our success allows us to give back to the communi- ties we serve. Community involvement is vitally important and gratifying to all of us, and our commitment is deep, broad and multifaceted. We are confident that all of
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lon R. Greenberg and John L. Walsh
our employees feel a strong sense of pride through these efforts.
Our success would not have been possible without tremendous dedication and talent at every level. In particular, we want to thank Tony Mendicino, UGI’s Chief Financial Officer, who will retire in the spring of 2007, for his vision, leader- ship and wisdom. It has been an honor to partner with him as our Company
has grown and prospered over the last ten years. The experience has been especially rewarding to us as we have benefited from Tony’s openness, honesty and sense of humor.
We also want to thank our Board for their active involvement in our Com- pany. We could not have achieved the success we have without them.
Our team will remain unrelenting and uncompromising in our drive to deliver on our promises. We are confident
that we will accomplish our goals and thereby continue to earn your support in the future.
John L. Walsh
President and Chief Operating Officer December 5, 2006
  3
 