To Our Shareholders
UGI is fast approaching its’ 130th anniversary. It is safe to say that very few years in our history have been as eventful as 2011. It was a year of extremes and contrasts for UGI. We saw extreme weather and difficult economic conditions that created major challenges for our businesses. The vast majority of those issues, such as inconsistent winter weather and a series of natural disasters in the Mid-Atlantic region, were specific to 2011. As
we managed through those challenges, we made significant progress on our strategic objective of growing in sectors that align with our strategic position as a “marketer and distributor of energy products and services.” This targeted expansion is crucial to our future as we focus on positioning UGI for success as the energy sector evolves.
Fiscal year 2011 was truly unusual for us in that we did not
meet the financial performance targets we had established at
the outset of the year. However, UGI remains a very attractive growth and income investment. Our Board of Directors raised our dividend by 4% to $1.04 per share, the twenty-fourth consecutive annual increase, reflecting their confidence in our future performance. In addition, UGI’s total return to shareholders over the last decade has averaged 15.1% annually compared
to 5.2% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Utilities Index and 2.8% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. We also received external recognition for our strong long-term performance:
• Fortune named UGI as one of the top 500 companies in the United States and ranked UGI forty-third in delivering shareholder value;
• Forbes named UGI to their Global 2000 list of the “World’s Leading Companies”;
• Barron’s ranked UGI among its top-performing companies; • Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy
Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
For well over a decade, we’ve been focused on execution
of our strategy to grow our core utilities and propane businesses while identifying related and complementary growth opportunities. Several of these new opportunities spurred the rapid development of our Midstream and Marketing business. This strategy has enabled us to create a business model that leverages the financial and operational benefits of diversification with businesses that share many common attributes. We
•
•
•
distribute and market a number of energy products in different regions; we generate significant earnings and cash flow from each business and we have investment opportunities within each business. This model of “diversification with a common foundation” is extremely powerful and is a key to our long-term success.
We made excellent progress this year in further developing this unique model. Our core businesses continue to advance their growth plans, with noteworthy progress in several areas:
Our Gas Utility concluded fiscal year 2011 with one of the strongest performances in our history. We experienced significant growth in both the residential and commercial segments,
adding more than 10,000 customers including a record level of conversions to natural gas.
Our Midstream and Marketing business concluded a strong year in gas and power marketing. While natural gas remains the primary product for our marketing team, we’ve made great progress adding power to our customer offer over the past few years.
We successfully completed our $125 million project to repower our Hunlock coal-fired electric generating station as a larger gas-fired facility. While we did experience an equipment failure at Hunlock late in the fiscal year, it resumed partial operations prior to year end and we expect to resume full operation by the late spring of 2012. This coal-to-gas repowering was one of the first in the Mid-Atlantic region. We will also bring our expanded LNG peaking facility on-line in 2012. When completed, this project will double our daily peaking capacity.
While growing our core business is vitally important, the most noteworthy development in 2011 was the progress made on new strategic investments. These investments will lay the foundation for growth over the next decade, with acquisitions and capital projects that are consistent with our corporate strategy and responsive to the changing face of the energy sector.
In 2011, our Midstream and Marketing team announced a series of investments in the Marcellus Shale region. These investments included the upgrade and expansion of a gathering system in northeast Pennsylvania that will deliver Marcellus
gas to the Tennessee pipeline and a new $150 million pipeline project that will extend that existing system 30 miles south to connect with the Transco pipeline. We also conducted the first request for proposal for our 15 BCF gas storage facility in central Pennsylvania, which resulted in 100% of that capacity being
•

 John L. Walsh
Lon R. Greenberg
investments that align with our strategy and on the critical need for execution. This combination of strategic vision coupled
with an unwavering focus on execution sets UGI apart.
Another key factor that sets us apart is the people who work for UGI. It was their commitment and dedication that enabled us
to respond so effectively to the many challenges faced in 2011. Our team reflects and embodies UGI’s culture of meeting our commitments, providing exceptional customer service, delivering superior long-term value to our shareholders and being a good corporate citizen. This commitment was particularly evident in their response to the explosion in Allentown on February 9th and the sequence of major weather events, including Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee that severely impacted our service territories in late summer. We truly appreciate and value their commitment to our customers, our communities and our company.
We also want to thank our Board of Directors for their insight and guidance during the past year. We welcomed two new directors, Dick Gochnauer and Frank Hermance, to our Board this year. Our Board has been a source of strength for the company for many years and Dick and Frank bring a breadth of business
and leadership experience that complements and augments the impressive capabilities of our current Board members.
The changes in our external environment over the past few years have reinforced our commitment to UGI’s strategy of targeted expansion. As always, the effective execution of this strategy requires clarity of vision and an absolute dedication to execution. We can assure you that UGI will continue to demonstrate
both of these key attributes. We will remain vigilant as we turn our strategic vision into reality. We hope that you share our excitement about the future prospects for the company and we remain grateful for your support.
committed at attractive rates. We made great progress during 2011 turning our Marcellus aspirations into a reality.
• We announced and closed the acquisition of Shell’s propane operations in eight European countries covering the Benelux
and Nordic regions as well as the United Kingdom. This acquisition provides us with strong positions in several new markets adjacent to our existing operations, and strengthens our European business through the addition of a talented team from Shell. With this most recent acquisition, our European propane business now operates in 16 countries, delivering more than 700 million gallons of propane annually.
• In October, we announced our intention to acquire Energy Transfer Partners’ propane distribution businesses, Heritage Operating, L.P. and Titan Energy Partners, L.P. This transaction represents an exceptional opportunity to expand the reach
and scope of our U.S. propane operations, and to bring the high caliber teams from Heritage and Titan together with the AmeriGas team. We expect that this acquisition will close by March 31, 2012.
Last year at this time, we advised you that we were a company that had a bright future and we cited the potential for new investments and further acquisitions. Over the past twelve months, we made great strides in turning that potential into reality as we drive forward with our targeted expansion of UGI’s business. We have maintained our sharp focus on identifying
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Operating Officer
  