Driven to Succeed
 To Our Shareholders:
Last year we stated that UGI is driven to be the kind of Company that employees are proud to work for, customers want to do business with and shareholders are eager to own. We are pleased to report that significant progress was made in fiscal year 2005 in pursuit of these ambitious, yet worthy goals.
In particular, fiscal year 2005 was distinguished by the achievement of our best ever financial results:
• earnings grew 68% to $187.5 million;
• earnings per share increased 54%
to $1.77;
• our return on equity was a
healthy 21%;
• we raised our annual dividend
by 8% to $0.675 per share;
• we effected a two-for-one stock split;
and
• we ended the year with nearly
$140 million in cash readily available for investment.
Our accomplishments last year at-
tracted the attention of the investment community: the total return to our shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 was 55.2% com- pared to 38.6% by Standard & Poor’s Utility Index. We were also recognized in other ways during 2005:
• Barron’s Dow Jones Business and Financial Weekly rated us among the top 500 companies that did the best job for their shareholders;
• Public Utilities Fortnightly rated us one of the “40 Best Energy Companies”;
• Platt’s named us one of the
“Top 250 Global Energy Companies”;
• for the first time in our history, we were ranked as one of the Fortune 500 and one of the Forbes Global 2000.
As gratifying as our performance was in 2005, we understand that it
is sustained performance that drives superior long-term shareholder value. Our tradition of success at UGI demon- strates this principle. Over the seven- year period ending September 30, 2005, our earnings per share grew at a compound annual rate of 23.2%.This excellent earnings growth resulted in a compound annual total return to share-
holders of 26.6%, compared to 4.7% for Standard & Poor’s Utility Index. All of us at UGI feel a sense of accomplish- ment – even cautious pride – in having achieved so much. But while we are proud of what we have accomplished, we are driven by what we can still achieve.
Our performance has been built on the strength, quality and character of our people – our diverse and com- mitted employees from around the world, who have focused on meet- ing the needs of our customers and have thereby built our business.They deserve our thanks for their effort and dedication.
Yet, we must do our part if we are
to reach our goal of being the work- place of choice for our employees. Thus, we have been aligning rewards with results and refocusing on talent management. Increasing attention is being placed on diversity, training and performance management. We are also providing our employees with new tools to enable them to perform their jobs more effectively.
We have admired for many years the work ethic of our employees and their personal values.They have stood tall alongside the Company in support- ing many community organizations in the geographic areas we serve.This year, in addition to their customary high level of community involvement with groups such as the United Way and Reading Is Fundamental, they dug deeper to help support others both financially and personally in the tsu- nami and hurricane relief efforts.The Company was proud to mirror their extraordinary generosity with signifi- cant corporate contributions to these causes.
We have also increased our focus on customer satisfaction as we pursue our goal of being the supplier of choice for customers. We are heartened by high levels of satisfaction reported in customer surveys. Our Gas Utility once again was ranked highest in customer satisfaction among the largest gas utilities in the eastern United States
by J. D. Power & Associates. Likewise, our Electric Utility was ranked first in
customer satisfaction based on a Penn- sylvania Public Utility Commission survey. Also, in 2005, more than 97% of customers who had service performed by AmeriGas were satisfied with that service. Finally, Antargaz was chosen to be the first propane company in France permitted to install a piped network in a municipality.
We have built an impressive tradi- tion of performance and success over the past seven years. More impor- tantly, we now have opportunities in virtually every area of the Company to continue this tradition. We will capital- ize on those opportunities by enhanc- ing the base of our existing businesses, extending the scope of those busi- nesses and expanding the markets we serve.
Enhancing the base of our existing businesses entails a concerted effort to make UGI a far more efficient operator. Thus, we will do all we can to stream- line our organization to ensure that nothing interferes with either our abil- ity to serve our customers or to attract new ones. We will redouble our efforts to employ new technology. We will also share infrastructure, best practices, in- tellectual capital and back offices to cut costs and help our businesses more effectively serve our customers.
For us to successfully extend the scope of our businesses, we will drive organic growth by intensifying our efforts to understand customer needs better and to develop new products to serve our customers more effectively. We will also identify new market op- portunities by focusing on segmenting our customer base. We will measure our success by listening to customers to ascertain our effectiveness in meet- ing their expectations, and by aligning compensation with customer satisfac- tion and growth objectives.
Finally, we will redeploy our cash balances in investments that drive future growth. In particular, expect us to continue to invest in the profitable extension of our current businesses and to seek acquisitions in existing and new markets. As always, this expansion of our markets will be accomplished in a disciplined manner.
 2

UGI Corporation 2005 Annual Report
  All of these efforts should drive
our success in the future, and our performance should drive superior long-term shareholder value. In past shareholder letters, we have stated that common sense precluded us from promising you annual total returns like the 55.2% we delivered
in fiscal year 2005. Given the fall-off
in the value of our stock price since the end of our 2005 fiscal year, we repeat this cautionary note. We cannot control how the market views our securities at any given time. We also cannot manage to what is in fashion. Instead, we will keep our attention focused on what really counts: driving long-term performance by seizing
the opportunities before us and maintaining our focus on execution. This focus has served you well in the past and we are confident it will in the future.
Since 1998, UGI has become a
more balanced Company. We now have a uniquely balanced combination of businesses that are conducted in
a variety of geographic areas.This balance helps us drive performance
in both good and challenging times. When one area of our business requires investment for further growth, another is likely to generate strong cash flow. Balance also elevates our performance by promoting synergy and collaboration between our business units.
Of course, we have our share of challenges as we enter fiscal year
John L. Walsh
2006. Energy commodity prices have escalated dramatically, weather has been warmer than normal and political and regulatory focus on the energy industry has intensified as a result of record high energy prices. However, we have the balance and diversity of opportunity to help us deal with these challenges.That opportunity, combined with the extraordinary talents of our people, gives us optimism about the promising future before us. And, as always, we welcome the opportunity to overcome challenges!
Our confidence in our ability to suc- ceed in the future is derived not only from our talented employees, but also from the quality of our Board of Direc-
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lon R. Greenberg
tors.They continue to provide us with meaningful insight and guidance in assessing our Company, its challenges and its opportunities. We want to par- ticularly recognizeTom Donovan, who will retire from our Board in February 2006. His judgment and business acu- men, as well as his exemplary charac- ter, will be missed.
We are proud of our past accom- plishments and are passionate about continuing our tradition of success. We are confident that the future will be bright and look forward to the oppor- tunity to drive UGI forward.Thank you for your support and confidence.
John L. Walsh
President and Chief Operating Officer December 6, 2005
    In Memoriam We are saddened to report that James A. Sutton passed away on November 1, 2005. He joined UGI in 1982 and served as UGI’s Chief Executive Officer from 1986 to 1995, and as Chairman of the Board from 1989 to 1996. Jim had a profound effect on UGI and his legacy is readily apparent from our success. He will be remembered for his wise counsel, integrity, sense of humor and strong family values.
 3
