 To Our Shareholders
UGI Corporation has thrived for more than 125 years. Our sustained perfor- mance is attributable to the fact that we adhere to the fundamentals. We have
the strategic, operational and financial processes in place that ensure our ability to deliver results. We also have the core competencies needed to be successful in each of our businesses and a committed group of employees who are dedicated to meeting customer needs. While attention to these fundamentals may not always be in fashion, we remain committed to them.
We have noted over the years that the road to sustained performance is traveled one step at a time. Fiscal year 2008 was another year of progress for us. We
again achieved our long-standing goal
of growing our earnings per share
6% –10%. Although our reported earnings per share grew 5.3% to a record $1.99, earnings per share grew more than 12% excluding the one-time gain on the sale of a storage terminal in fiscal year 2007. We believe this comparison to be a more useful way for investors to evaluate year-over-year earnings performance because significant asset sales are not reflective of the earnings capacity of
the assets we will continue to own. We also met our long-standing dividend growth goal by increasing our dividend by 4%. We achieved these results while also investing in activities to build our businesses for the future.
We have become accustomed to receiving recognition for our excellent performance and last year was no exception:
• Forbes named UGI to their list of “America’s Best Big Companies”;
• Barron’s Dow Jones Business and Financial Weekly ranked UGI among its 500 top-performing large companies;
• Platts named UGI one of the
“Top 250 Global Energy Companies”;
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
We also delivered on our goal of providing superior long-term total return on your investment. During fiscal year 2008, total return to shareholders rose 2.1% compared to a decline of 14.3% in the Standard & Poor’s Utility Index. As you are aware, stock markets around the world experienced significant declines during calendar year 2008, and those declines have accelerated since the beginning of our 2009 fiscal year
on October 1, 2008. While we have not escaped that accelerated decline, we have performed far better than many others. Between January 1, 2008 and the date of this letter, the total return
to our shareholders has declined 12.4% compared to a much more significant decline in the Standard & Poor’s Utility Index of 27.5%. We fully understand that outperforming in a lagging environment is of small consolation to you.
The decline in total return on your investment this calendar year has occurred notwithstanding the earnings growth we experienced in fiscal year 2008 or the forecast of earnings growth we have made for our 2009 fiscal year. We have stated many times over the years that we cannot control how the market views our securities at any given time. Instead, we firmly believe we should focus on fundamentals as the best way to create sustainable value for our
shareholders. By doing so, our earnings per share have grown at a compounded annual rate of nearly 12% over the last five fiscal years, and the total return
to our shareholders has grown at a compounded annual rate in excess of 15% over this same five-year period. We believe that our stock price will reflect our overall financial progress over time.
As we write this letter, the turbulence that began late last year continues to severely affect not only our financial markets, but also economic prospects throughout
the world. A worldwide credit crisis, combined with a potentially significant recession, is causing economic disruption and uncertainty.These events coincided with a rapid and dramatic drop in energy prices following a period of record-high energy prices.
We are realistic about the challenges
we will face in calendar year 2009, for
we are not immune from the worldwide issues that exist. We entered fiscal year 2009 in excellent shape: we have a strong balance sheet, sufficient liquidity to
meet our needs, and good momentum
in our businesses. For example, we took the following steps last fiscal year to strengthen our businesses and enhance our future prospects:
• On October 1, 2008, we acquired PPL’s gas utility and their Penn Fuel propane business. The natural gas operations, now known as UGI Central Penn Gas, expand our service territories in eastern and central Pennsylvania while the propane business strengthens AmeriGas’s market position in our key Mid-Atlantic region. We have brought the disciplines that served us so well in the Penn Natural
2

 Gas acquisition to the Central Penn Gas integration process. We’re very pleased with our progress to date and a positive earnings contribution is included in fiscal 2009 guidance.
• Our Energy Services business continues to identify and develop high-quality projects that provide a foundation for future growth. In June we announced the Broad Mountain project, a $36 million investment in the generation of 11 megawatts of Tier 1 renewable energy using recovered landfill gas.This project is expected to be on-line early in 2009. Broad Mountain is one of the largest landfill gas projects in the U.S. and a great example of our commitment to delivering sustainable energy solutions.
• AmeriGas and Antargaz have established leadership positions in the LPG cylinder market by leveraging their extensive dis- tribution networks and strategic account development programs. AmeriGas has worked closely with Home Depot over the past three years to establish the world’s largest network of automated propane cylinder vending units. Antargaz launched
an innovative and highly successful, privately branded cylinder program
with Carrefour, a leading French retailer, earlier this year. These programs demon- strate our ability to work successfully on a local and national basis with our major accounts.
Our attention to fundamentals over the years has resulted in our having the financial flexibility and organizational agility to respond even when unexpected issues arise. We remain confident in our strategies and our ability to execute. In addition, the challenges noted above may provide us with opportunities to make investments in energy marketing and distribution assets due to difficulties experienced by others. We have a history of showing leadership during difficult times and we expect to be in a position to capitalize on any opportunities that present themselves. While we cannot know how the future will unfold, one thing is certain. As we move forward,
we will follow the same set of deeply held values that have always guided our company.
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lon R. Greenberg and John L. Walsh
We want to thank our employees for their efforts in helping us achieve our goals and demonstrating clearly that results can be achieved the “right way.” Similarly, we want to thank our Board
of Directors for their engagement, insight and guidance. In particular,
after nearly 30 years of service on our Board, Jim Stratton will retire at the next shareholders’ meeting. Jim has not only witnessed substantial change at UGI, he also has played a central role in shaping our success. His counsel over the years has been a great source of strength for us. While we will miss his significant contribution, we know we will be able to look to him for advice and friendship in the future.
UGI is not like any other company –
nor do we aspire to be. We are unique because of the choices we have made, the portfolio of businesses we have built and the culture and character that defines us. We are confident that we will sustain our tradition of performance for many years to come.
John L. Walsh
President and Chief Operating Officer November 28, 2008
  3
 