 Delivering for Shareholders
Fiscal Year 2000 is the third consecutive year in which our earnings per share from operations and our dividend per share increased, and
our return on equity improved.
Last year, I charted a clear direction for UGI Corporation. I stated that we would retain and grow our utilities and propane businesses and actively seek out related and complementary growth opportunities. I also identified the following specific financial objectives we expected to achieve by continuing this direction:
• Grow earnings per share between six and ten percent per year;
• Increase dividends per share three percent per year; and
• Reduce our dividend payout ratio over time to between 50% and 75%.
I committed to you that we would not deviate from this path. We have not and I am pleased to report that by staying the course, we met our financial goals despite another year of record winter warmth. Specifically:
• We reported a 22% increase in earnings per share from $1.34 last year (excluding merger termination fee income) to $1.64 this year;
• The dividend on each share of our common stock was increased 3.3% from $1.50 to $1.55 effective with the July 1, 2000 dividend payment; and
• Our ratio of dividends to earnings from operations decreased from 112% to 95%.
I am, of course, pleased that we have delivered on this promise. I am also grateful that our efforts have not gone unnoticed in the investment community. As of the date of this letter, our total return to shareholders during calendar year 2000 is nearly 25%.
We have also been recognized in other ways. During the year, UGI was not only named as one of America’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune magazine, but also one of Forbes magazine’s Platinum 400. UGI was also added to Standard & Poor’s Small Cap 600 Index and Value Line’s Portfolio II, a portfolio for income and price appreciation.
While these developments are encouraging and demonstrate tangible progress, UGI is capable of delivering better financial results. As we further build upon our track record of success, additional growth in shareholder wealth is sure to follow.
Indeed, Fiscal Year 2000 is the third consecutive year in which our earnings per share from operations and our dividend per share increased, and our return on equity improved. This was accomplished in the face of winter weather that was significantly warmer than normal in each of these three years. We can, and will, do even better as weather patterns return to normal.
Our strategic path for UGI is based on continuing investment in our core businesses and actively pursuing growth opportunities. Last year was a busy year for us as we did just that. The actions we have taken include:
2
UGI Corporation 2000 Annual Report
• • •
Investing approximately $36 million in our utility businesses and $30 million in our domestic propane business;
Entering into an electric generation joint venture with Allegheny Energy;
Acquiring a significant portion of the heating, ventilating and air-conditioning business of Conectiv Services, Inc.;

 We selected the right strategic path last year, invested in
the right assets this year and have the right people in place to get the job done.
• Acquiring a significant portion of the commercial and industrial gas marketing businesses of both Columbia Energy Services Corporation and Conectiv Energy Supply, Inc.;
• Acquiring domestic propane businesses distributing nearly 25 million gallons annually;
• Participating in the founding of a utility-focused business-to- business e-commerce company and in the business-to-consumer e-commerce marketing of propane through Essential.com; and
• Exploring various ways to expand our international propane business, including participating in a joint bid to acquire a major propane distribution company in France.
It is evident from our actions that we are not waiting for opportunities: rather, we are making our own. We selected the right strategic path last year, invested in the right assets this year and have the right people in place to get the job done. We will continue to seize opportunities with the re-energized sense of purpose we demonstrated this year.
My intention is to make UGI Corporation an attractive growth and income investment by executing our strategy and consistently delivering results that exceed expectations. To me, nothing is more important to the achievement of this goal than having talented people working in concert towards clearly defined goals. The people at UGI today are just such a group. They not only accept but also embrace and lead change. Their resilience, creativity and skill are enabling us to deliver on our promises to you.
We also have a strong leadership team in place that takes seriously – and personally – the commitments we have made to you. I am indebted to that team, and indeed all of our employees, whose dedication to our goals is demonstrated in our results and actions. The promotions this year of Gene Bissell to Chief Executive Officer and Paul Grady to Chief Operating Officer of AmeriGas exemplify the high caliber people we are fortunate to have as part of our team.
I am also grateful to our Board of Directors who had the courage and vision to lead the Company in the development and pursuit of our strategy. I would like to specifically acknowledge the leadership of David Wang who announced his intention to retire from our Board effective February 28, 2001. David has served on our Board since 1988, and his insight, wise counsel and support over the years has contributed mightily to the success of UGI.
During the upcoming year, we intend to do precisely what we have been doing: delivering on the promise of performance inherent in our financial goals. I am confident that your continuing support will be rewarded in fiscal year 2001.
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
December 12, 2000
 3
 