2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
To Our Shareholders:
For Unisys, 2005 was a year of challenges and new beginnings. Financially, it was without question a difficult year. We encountered significant issues in our operations and faced lower demand than we expected in our technology sales. These factors, plus higher pension expense, impacted our profitability and resulted in an operating loss for the year. While these results were disappointing and unacceptable, we have much to be optimistic about as we enter the new year. In 2005, the people of Unisys rolled up their sleeves and did the hard work needed to set a new direction for this company. We conducted one of the most comprehensive reviews of strategy and operations ever undertaken at Unisys. In the end, we arrived at a new business model based on a more focused approach around key opportunities where we can build our future. We are investing in fewer ­ but high-growth ­ market areas and expect to see greater payoff by helping clients secure their most critical business operations. We are expecting to restructure operations and reduce costs to enhance our efficiency and effectiveness. We ended the year with a very encouraging fourth quarter. We achieved solid orders growth and cash flow in the fourth quarter, which included continuing relationships with major clients such as the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the U.K. Metropolitan Police Service. All in all, Unisys people weathered a difficult year with the courage and conviction to make the changes necessary for improved profitability and marketplace success in 2006 and beyond.

2005 Financial Review
Our 2005 results reflect four primary factors. First, we saw lower sales of high-end ClearPath mainframes in 2005. Our ClearPath revenues were weak over the first nine months but returned strong in the fourth quarter. We continued to evolve our ClearPath product line with innovative features such as metering, or "pay-for-use," functionality and open access to standards-based programs. We are confident these new features, as well as the market opportunities created through our partnership with NEC Corp., will support our ClearPath business and provide clients with continued access to a mainframe line that runs some of the largest, most transaction-intensive environments in the world. Second, we faced significant operational issues in two of our largest business process outsourcing (BPO) operations. In both situations, the transformation of applications and processes involved more time and cost than we anticipated. In January of 2006, we successfully renegotiated new terms with our client partners for one of these operations ­ our joint venture check processing operation in the United Kingdom ­ to better reflect the true economics of the operation. We continue to work on the other challenging BPO operation and hope to see improvement in 2006. Third, pension expense for our defined benefit pension plans almost doubled to $181 million in 2005 compared with $94 million in 2004. This expense, while not all cash costs, is absorbed in our income statement and so goes right to our bottom line. The higher expense reflects a number of factors ­ principally, the higher amortization of past losses in our pension plan assets and a lower interest rate environment, which lowered the discount rates and raised our pension liabilities. Finally, we also took a large, non-cash charge of $1.57 billion in the third quarter of 2005 to increase the valuation on our deferred tax assets. Combined, these factors resulted in a net loss of $1.73 billion, or $5.09 per share, in 2005. However, by the fourth quarter, we saw improved results. We also showed good growth in services orders and closed a number of significant contracts in the fourth quarter. We are encouraged by this momentum and expect to build on it.

1

Our New Model for Growth
As we built a new foundation for growth going forward, we looked first at our strengths. Unisys has significant capabilities: exceptional technology services experience, deep vertical domain expertise, powerful high-end server technology, a large global client base. To drive future growth, we must better focus and apply these resources to meet changing client needs in the marketplace. After extensive research with customers and industry experts, in 2005 we selected four large, high-growth markets where we will deliver solutions through a vertical industry approach to drive profitable growth over the coming years.

Focused Growth Pillars
The first of our focused growth areas is outsourcing, which is one of the fastest-growing segments of the services business. We have already made great strides in this market and are placing renewed emphasis on our strong capabilities in IT outsourcing from the desktop to the data center and in certain segments of business process outsourcing. Second, clients are spending an increasing percentage of their IT budgets on enterprise security. Therefore, we are building on strong credentials serving large, marquee clients to help U.S. and international enterprises secure their people, goods and information systems. A third area of growth for Unisys revolves around open source, including the Linux operating system. As open source goes mainstream, there's growing demand for integration and support services. Unisys has years of experience integrating and building open IT environments and has one of the world's most powerful open enterprise server platforms. Our fourth high-priority market centers around the Microsoft software suite. Specifically, we are targeting Microsoft managed services outsourcing, security and supply chain as well as implementation of new Microsoft technologies such as SQL business intelligence and 64-bit computing. Beyond our four focused growth pillars, we continue to invest in our ClearPath and ES7000 platforms, especially in developing software and operating systems that offer real-time, on-demand capacity and differentiate Unisys in this competitive market. Also, the market is developing for IT infrastructures that can automatically adapt capacity and processing priorities based on business requirements ­ referred to as "real-time" infrastructure ­ and Unisys can help integrate these elements into every one of the four focus areas described above.

Right-Sized Cost Structure
To bring our cost structure in line with our more focused business model, we are making fundamental changes in our portfolio investments, geographic operations, client focus, delivery resources and technology business. We took a critical look at programs that are not attaining our criteria for a high-growth investment area, and we plan to exit or divest certain businesses and markets where we are not meeting or cannot meet these objectives. Geographically, we will concentrate our resources on the 10 countries that currently account for about 85 percent of our revenue and will focus our sales and marketing efforts on our top 500 accounts. These clients account for about 85 percent of our revenue, and we have a great opportunity to expand the full portfolio of Unisys services and solutions in these accounts. In our services business, we will be pooling our delivery resources around our four focus areas and expect to downsize excess capacity. We are also implementing intensive training programs to deepen our skills base in these focus areas. We expect these actions to increase our utilization rates, improve margins and help us build critical mass in our high-growth areas. We also are expanding use of offshore capabilities to lower our cost base and improve the competitiveness of our offerings. In our technology business, we plan to reduce manufacturing and R&D spending through partnerships such as the one we announced with NEC to collaborate in developing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting our server solutions. Overall, we will be taking actions to reduce our worldwide headcount by about 10 percent over the coming year. We plan to use the proceeds from the divestiture of nonstrategic areas to fund our cost-reduction actions. In total, we believe these actions will allow us to create a competitive cost structure that greatly enhances our margins.

2

New Market Position
Another critical ingredient in repositioning the company is an aggressive sales and marketing effort to drive growth in our focused market areas. In 2005 we made extensive changes to how we sell, market and deliver our portfolio to the marketplace. As part of this effort, we hired new sales leaders for North America, continental Europe, our global industries, worldwide technology, global alliances and other key positions to ensure that we have the right people to drive the new direction of the company. Also during 2005, we relaunched the Unisys brand to support our new business model. Our new brand revolves around delivering solutions for secure business operations. Secure business operations help clients manage risk and adapt quickly to meet everchanging market demands because they are resilient, agile and open. Our global campaign highlights our expertise helping clients ensure that their mission-critical operations are reliable in periods of extreme growth and resilient during times of severe stress. Our clients have made it clear that they value our deep industry expertise to help them design and implement secure solutions for their business problems. Therefore, we will continue to market and sell through our vertical line-of-business approach, leading with industry-consulting expertise. We'll also leverage the unique Unisys 3D-Visible Enterprise approach because it differentiates how we provide clients with insight into potential opportunities and risks.

Our Commitment
In summary, last year we did the hard work of initiating major change. We expect a transitional year in 2006, which will be a stepping stone toward our longer-term goals for 2008 of revenue growth in the mid-to-high single digits and operating profit margins of 8 percent to 10 percent. As we move into the new year, we would like to recognize the hard work and dedication of Larry Weinbach, who retired as Unisys chairman at the end of January. Much of our foundation for growth ­ technology solutions and services that revolve around our clients' business needs ­ was set by Larry after he joined the company in 1997. On behalf of everyone at Unisys, I want to thank Larry for guiding us through a tough but necessary transition to a services-led company. Henry "Ric" Duques, a dedicated member of the Unisys board of directors since 1998, was elected our non-executive chairman in February 2006. Ric has broad experience in the IT services industry, and I look forward to working with him to achieve the company's goals. In 2006, our mission is straightforward: execute on our vision and reposition the company for growth. Each member of the Unisys team, including our thousands of employees working side by side with customers every day, is ready to contribute his or her special talents. We will tackle our challenges with the tenacity and resilience that is so much a part of the Unisys culture. To this we have added a renewed sense of urgency, direction and discipline all aimed at consistently meeting our commitments to our shareholders.

Joseph W. McGrath President and Chief Executive Officer

3

