2006 Annual Report to Shareholders
To Our Shareholders:
Late in 2005, we set out on a challenging, multi-year journey to transform Unisys ­ to refocus our business, streamline our operations, and reposition the company for significantly improved profitability by 2008. We knew that 2006 would be a year of transition as we implemented an enormous amount of change that affected every business function of our company. Though difficult, we began to see the payoff from these changes in our financial results, which improved through the course of the year. And with our new focus, we won leading-edge service engagements with top-tier clients around the world. This progress came with many difficult decisions. In 2006 we made major changes to our U.S. retirement plans, improved challenging business process outsourcing operations, overhauled our global sales and marketing efforts, realigned our services delivery work force, expanded our use of offshore services delivery resources, divested non-core assets, and significantly reduced our cost base. Any one or two of these represent substantial change; addressing all of them in one year was an immense undertaking. The progress we made in 2006 speaks to the dedication and determination of the entire Unisys team. We asked a lot of our employees, and they delivered for the company, our customers and our shareholders. Our work, however, is far from done. We have another challenging year ahead of us in 2007 as we continue the repositioning work. It will require the same discipline and commitment to execution. But I am increasingly confident in the direction we are moving, and I am excited about the future we are creating for this company.

2006 Financial Review
Revenue for 2006 was $5.76 billion, the same as in 2005. We would have liked to see revenue growth, but given the extent of the changes undertaken in 2006 ­ including realigning our sales force ­ it was an accomplishment to keep revenue at the same level as the prior year. Our financial results in 2006 reflected the charges we took during the year to streamline our cost base. Overall in 2006, we recorded approximately $330 million of pre-tax restructuring charges covering about 5,600 global headcount reductions. Including these charges, Unisys reported a net loss for the year of $278.7 million, or 81 cents per share. These results included the restructuring charges as well as a pre-tax gain of $149.9 million on the sale of the company's shares in Nihon Unisys Limited and pre-tax pension expense of $135.5 million. Our operating margins and profitability improved steadily during 2006 as we implemented the repositioning initiatives. By the fourth quarter, we reported pre-tax income of $49.3 million, up 81 percent from the fourth quarter of 2005. While it was a difficult year financially, we made great progress, and we're encouraged by the improvements we are seeing in our profitability. It will take time as we transform Unisys, but we are committed to achieving the financial results that our shareholders expect and deserve.

Transforming Unisys
The changes we are implementing throughout Unisys ­ and the progress we made in 2006 ­ fall into three categories. First, we are rightsizing our cost base and significantly reducing expenses to reflect our more focused business model. Second, we are changing how we market, sell and deliver our solutions portfolio to improve productivity and utilization of our people and resources. Third, we are focused on driving profitable top-line growth by focusing our resources and investments on a handful of high-growth markets, while divesting or de-emphasizing non-core businesses.

1

Competitive Cost Structure
We made progress in 2006 in bringing our cost structure in line with our more focused business model and the competitive realities of our business. To create a more competitive cost structure and reduce the volatility of pension expenses, we adopted major changes to our U.S. retirement plans. As of December 31, 2006, we ended the accrual of future benefits under our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. At the same time, we enhanced our U.S. defined contribution plan. We expect these changes to significantly reduce pension expenses over the coming years and create more predictable retirement-related expenses. During 2006, we announced a total of approximately 5,600 reductions in our employee population worldwide, which we estimate will yield more than $340 million in net annualized cost savings by the second half of 2007. We realized approximately 4,900 of those reductions by the end of 2006, and we are on track to complete the remaining announced reductions during the first half of 2007. In addition, we greatly expanded our use of lower-cost offshore delivery resources. We opened new sourcing and services centers in India and China and added about 1,200 new Unisys offshore resources, primarily in India. We now have about 2,700 Unisys offshore delivery resources in India, China and Eastern Europe. Our target is 6,000 workers ­ or about 20 percent of our work force ­ by 2008.

Focused Sales and Delivery
We need to make sure that our sales, marketing and services delivery are tightly aligned with our targeted markets. To that end, in 2006 we implemented a new, account-centric sales approach to serve our top 500 customer accounts in our top 10 countries. To increase our share of wallet among those clients, we have rebuilt our sales organization and sales culture with experienced, dedicated teams to cultivate more strategic, long-term relationships with our top clients. We have assigned additional sales resources to winning business with smaller existing accounts and with promising new clients. While we have work to do, this effort is beginning to pay off in services order growth and a stronger, higher-quality pipeline of business. To enhance our ability to deliver value-added solutions in our strategic growth areas, we realigned our services delivery work force. During 2006, we pooled more than 4,000 services delivery professionals into integrated, cross-organizational teams organized around our focused areas of growth. These professionals continue to undergo intensive training in our strategic programs as well as in the integrated development framework, which leverages Unisys 3D Visible Enterprise process and services. Realigning and training our services delivery force is critical to enhancing our utilization rates and meeting demand in our target markets.

High-Growth Markets
No company can succeed by trying to be all things to all people. Our focused industries are financial services, communications, transportation, commercial, and public sector, including the U.S. federal government. At Unisys, we are concentrating our efforts and aligning our global sales and services capabilities around the high-growth markets of our five strategic programs ­ outsourcing, enterprise security, open source solutions, Microsoft solutions and real-time infrastructure ­ where we deliver solutions through a vertical industry approach. In 2006 we got off to a good start in building the foundations for our growth programs. In every one of our five strategic programs, we made progress in defining our market strategy, launching innovative solutions and winning client business. We saw particularly strong demand for our outsourcing and security solutions. In outsourcing ­ a $370 billion market growing about 8 percent annually ­ we typically target mid-sized opportunities where we can clearly differentiate ourselves from our competition and achieve a good margin by adding value for our clients. New outsourcing business in 2006 was with such leading companies and public sector agencies as: the Australian Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs, BSN Medical GmbH, Business Objects, the European Commission, Starbucks, the State of Texas and Unibanco.

2

Enterprise security is a growing concern for our customers. The market for enterprise security solutions today is about $25 billion worldwide, and it is growing 20 percent annually. Unisys has deep expertise in providing enterprise security solutions using leading-edge technologies ­ from radio frequency identification (RFID) tags and smart cards to biometric and fingerprint technology across the areas of identity and access management, supply chain visibility, and information and event management. During 2006 we won major new business with the Australian Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security SBInet program, U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, and many others. In our technology business, we continued to shift our research and development (R&D) focus toward operating systems and middleware solutions that help our clients create powerful, flexible enterprise server environments. Unisys reached a series of alliance agreements with NEC Corporation to jointly develop high-end, Intel-based servers for the two companies. Building on that partnership, we also announced a next-generation Unisys enterprise server architecture that will, over time, enable all of our enterprise server lines to run on a common architecture using standard Intel chips. To tighten our focus on high-growth markets ­ and to fund our cost restructuring plans ­ we divested non-core assets. In 2006 we raised $378 million from the sale of our shares in Nihon Unisys Limited. The company also sold certain assets of its semiconductor test equipment business, and we signed an agreement to sell our media business.

Continuing Our Momentum
Our focus in 2007 is to continue our repositioning work. We will continue to build a scalable portfolio to win in our strategic growth segments, enhance a go-to-market approach built on an account-centric model, reduce our cost structure, and further improve our global delivery organization and capabilities. In other words, we plan to continue to execute the Unisys transformation. We are only a year into our multi-year journey, and we have a lot of work still to do. However, I am confident that the people of Unisys will rise to the challenge again in 2007 and continue to build the foundation for a great new future for this company and our stakeholders.

Joseph W. McGrath President and Chief Executive Officer

3

