2008 Annual Report to Shareholders
To Our Shareholders:
I am honored to have the opportunity to lead Unisys at an important turning point in its long and rich history. As someone who has worked in the information technology (IT) industry my entire career, I was quite aware of Unisys and its heritage when I joined the company last October. Since that time, I've had the chance to meet and speak with hundreds of Unisys employees as well as clients and partners around the world. I have come away from these conversations impressed with what Unisys has to offer. This is a company with great assets: a large, diversified client base; global service delivery capabilities; industry-recognized skills in security, systems integration and outsourcing; powerful server technology; and deep understanding of the data center and mission-critical computing. Most of all, Unisys has 28,000 talented employees who are committed to serving their clients and making them, and this company, a success. It is also evident to me that the company is not living up to its potential. Our financial track record has been spotty, our profitability inconsistent. For all of our resources and capabilities, the company has been reporting losses in recent years. In 2008 our results were further impacted by the downturn in the global economy. While the company made some progress in reducing costs during the year, weak economic conditions contributed to lower-than-expected sales of our services and server products in the second half of 2008. We saw this impact primarily in our commercial businesses, particularly within financial services, which represents about 30 percent of our revenue. For the full year of 2008, our revenue declined 7 percent to $5.23 billion. The lower revenue volume impacted profit margins in both our services and technology businesses. We also took $103.1 million of charges, mostly in the fourth quarter, related to headcount reductions, facility consolidations and other cost-reduction actions. Including the charges, we reported a net loss of $130.1 million in 2008 compared with a net loss of $79.1 million in 2007. There were some positives during the year. Despite the economic slowdown in the second half of 2008, we closed with two consecutive quarters of free cash flow. We ended the year with $544 million of cash on hand. For the full year of 2008, we generated $255 million of operating cash flow, up 47 percent from 2007. In addition, our public sector business, which accounts for about 40 percent of our revenue, held up well despite the recession. In 2008 we announced significant new projects from such government clients as the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Australian Department of Defence, the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority, the European Commission, the state of Maine, and the city of Minneapolis. Overall, however, our financial results in 2008 were clearly disappointing. Even in a challenging economy, there is much that we can do to drive improved results and profitability. We are determined to make that happen.

Priorities of Turnaround Program
The path to improving our results begins with greater focus. As I analyzed our situation in recent months, I found that, for all our many resources and assets, the company was too diffused. We were doing too many things in too many areas, with not enough differentiation in a few specific areas to be successful. In addition, our organizational structure was too complex, and as a result, our expense structure was too high. In addition to impacting our profitability, this hampered our ability to be cost-competitive in a fiercely competitive IT marketplace.
1

Given the macro environment, we needed to move quickly and aggressively to change this financial picture. The program that we are pursuing for Unisys is aimed at turning around the company as quickly as possible. We are focused on taking actions that maximize profit and cash flow over the short term, while positioning the company for long-term growth opportunities in the IT market. To drive this turnaround program, we are executing against four key priorities: · Concentrate the company's resources and investments on fewer, high-potential markets with a more focused set of offerings. Offer clear value propositions within our chosen markets that differentiate Unisys in the minds of our customers. Enhance the cost-efficiency of our labor model and drive expansion in our gross margins. Simplify the organization and significantly reduce our expense structure.

· · ·

The goal is to create a company that is consistently profitable, with a strong balance sheet and financial profile; a company that is recognized and respected for providing first-rate, differentiated services and solutions in our chosen markets.

Focusing and Differentiating Unisys
We are moving quickly to take actions against these priorities. In the areas of focus and differentiation, we have taken a hard look at what Unisys does best and matched up those strengths against growing areas of need in the market. Based on that work, we have identified four core areas of company strength where we are focusing our resources and investments: · IT and Physical Security: Organizations today need solutions to help them minimize growing risks to their electronic and physical assets from hackers, criminals and other sources. Unisys excels in this area of designing, integrating and managing sophisticated security solutions. We will be building on these capabilities to grow in such market segments as identification and credentialing, biometrics, location and perimeter surveillance and security, and risk analysis and threat identification. · Data center transformation and outsourcing: Especially in today's economy, organizations need ways to reduce the costs and improve the efficiency of their corporate computer servers and data centers. Unisys has more than sixty years of experience in the data center. Our people and technology excel in high-volume, mission-critical environments. We will build on those capabilities by applying today's modern technologies ­ such as virtualization, automation and network sharing technology ­ to help clients consolidate their servers, boost server utilization, and reduce their costs and carbon footprint. · End-user outsourcing and support services: In addition to enhancing their data centers, organizations need to be more cost-efficient in providing services to their employees and constituents. In today's virtual and extended enterprises, end users can be situated anywhere, and they are using a growing number of consumer mobile devices that create challenges in terms of cost management and security. Unisys is recognized by analysts and clients for our leadership and capabilities in end-user outsourcing and support. We want to build on our leadership position and capture growth opportunities. · Application modernization and outsourcing: Both within and outside our client base, many organizations continue to rely on older software applications developed in inflexible programming languages that are difficult and expensive to modify and maintain. With our expertise and background in mission-critical computing, we believe Unisys has a significant growth opportunity in helping organizations modernize their business-critical applications. In doing so, we can help those clients reduce costs while preserving the considerable investments they've made in existing applications.
2

The market for these services and solutions is growing, amidst a recession, because clients need ways to reduce their costs and achieve a fast, tangible return on their IT investments. We believe Unisys, because of our background and heritage, is well positioned to participate in this growth. In 2009, we are rolling out a broad package of innovative services and solutions around each of these areas of strength. And we will be aggressive in pursuing opportunities and promoting our capabilities in these focused areas.

Business Simplification and Cost Reduction
In addition to driving greater focus and differentiation in how we go to market, we are moving aggressively to enhance our profit margins by simplifying the organization and reducing our cost structure. We are taking actions at multiple levels. In terms of our service and solution costs, we are working to improve our gross profit margins by enhancing the mix of the services we provide and becoming more cost-efficient in how we deliver services. Opportunities to do this include growing our higher-margin application services business, enhancing our labor model, expanding use of automation and remote support, and improving the way we bid and execute against deals to minimize margin leakage. In terms of operating expenses, we are moving quickly to reduce selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses by simplifying our organizational structure. We have eliminated the company's former matrix structure and reduced reporting lines and layers of administrative oversight. We are also consolidating or eliminating unneeded facility space. To date we have taken actions to achieve about $225 million of those cost savings, and we will continue our work in the year ahead to identify additional opportunities.

Focus on Driving Profit and Cash Flow
As we do this work of refocusing the business and reducing our cost base, we are cognizant of the need to strengthen our balance sheet. To do this, our number one priority in 2009 will be driving profit and cash flow improvements across the organization. We will evaluate our businesses according to this fundamental ability to produce consistent profit and cash flow. We are also very aware of where our share price is trading and we are committed to taking the actions needed to regain investor confidence in Unisys and driving shareholder value. The solution is simple: we must deliver profitable results, and that is what we are focused on doing. We recognize that we have a lot of hard work ahead as we drive our turnaround program in the midst of the worst global recession in decades. But this is a resilient company with a history of meeting the challenges of a constantly changing IT industry. We will be building on those strengths as we look to write a new chapter in the long history of Unisys. I look forward to reporting on our progress in 2009.

J. Edward Coleman Chairman and CEO

3

