A Letter to Our Shareholders
Unisys entered 2016 intensely focused on executing against the strategic plan we had developed the year before. We
achieved significant progress against our plan, and as a result delivered strong results for the year that reflect ongoing
progress in our strategic transition of the business. We improved profitability and cash flow while demonstrating financial
discipline and better positioned the company from a competitive standpoint as we look forward.
Meeting Our Commitments by Achieving Our Goals
We began the year by providing financial guidance for revenue, non-GAAP operating profit margin and adjusted free cash flow
for the first time in more than a decade. I am pleased to report that we met our guidance for both revenue and non-GAAP
operating profit margin, and exceeded it on adjusted free cash flow.
This performance marked a significant step forward for our company, and was driven by the operational and financial goals
we set entering the year:
• Executing against our vertical go-to-market strategy (which focuses on targeted high-growth industries in the
Government, Commercial and Financial Services sectors in which we have domain-specific intellectual property and
expertise);
• Launching tailored, software-led solutions for these industries such as Digital Investigator™, an information
management system to allow law enforcement agencies to share critical investigative information across
applications and agency boundaries, in the Government sector;
• Launching new capabilities aligned with our security focus, such as Stealth(aware)™, which automates
implementation and thus drives faster deployment of Unisys Stealth
®
, our award winning suite of micro-
segmentation software; and
• Improving the efficiency of the business, in both our Services and Technology delivery teams, resulting in higher
gross margins, and reducing our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) costs as a percentage of revenue.
Achievements with a Direct Line to Results
Achieving these goals helped us produce the following results in 2016:
• A year-over-year increase in total contract value (TCV) of 13 percent, as well as a year-over-year increase of
17 percent in new business TCV;
1
• 2.6 percent revenue growth on a constant-currency basis in areas of focus in our key industries (which make up
42 percent of revenue) of Justice, Law Enforcement & Border Security in Government; Travel & Transportation and
Life Sciences & Healthcare in Commercial; and Commercial & Retail Banking in Financial Services, indicating traction
with our vertical go-to-market strategy;
• Reduced capital-expenditure needs by transitioning to
a more asset-lite model and significantly improved cash flow; and
• A successful placement of approximately $213 million of 5.5 percent convertible notes due in 2021 and a reduction
of approximately $115 million in the 6.25 percent senior notes due in 2017.
Security in Everything We Do
With network and data breaches increasing in frequency worldwide – and hitting an all-time high in the U.S. – our clients are
prioritizing security more than ever before, both in the private and public sectors.
2
Unisys has a deep history in security, and
is well-positioned to help address these concerns with advanced, highly-secure solutions. This approach has been
resonating with clients.
In November, we launched a new branding campaign focused on “Securing Your Tomorrow™,” emphasizing the fact that
security is a key element in our solutions – including our ClearPath Forward™ systems, of which we introduced the first-ever
software-only version in 2016. In fact, the ClearPath operating environments are the only ones on the market in which user
data has never been forcibly extracted.
3
In 2016, we continued to expand the reach of Unisys Stealth, and during the year we entered into agreements to offer it to
clients on the Amazon Web Services Marketplace and on the Microsoft Azure cloud, making Unisys Stealth the first micro-
segmentation security product available on both of these leading public cloud environments. The U.S. National Security
Agency designated Unisys Stealth as eligible for use with systems that manage and process classified information, as did
the National Assurance Information Partnership, which provides a similar level of certification recognized by more than
20 countries around the world.
Driving Performance and Shareholder Value
Our operational improvements are well underway, and we have begun to see the effects of such improvements in our
financial performance.
We also continue to launch new, software-led solutions to help drive value and growth, and in fact have already announced
two in the first quarter of 2017 – Elevate™ by Unisys in Financial Services, a digital banking platform and suite of applications
designed to help financial institutions deliver a secure omnichannel banking experience to their customers; and Active
Insights™ by Unisys, an integrated medical device management platform providing life sciences and healthcare companies
with the ability to monitor the medical devices within their organization.
Thank you for your trust in Unisys. Our more than 20,000 associates around the globe are working hard to earn that trust
every day. We will continue to leverage the strength of our people and assets to drive value for our clients, which should
enhance our performance and value for our shareholders.
Peter A. Altabef
President and CEO