  a letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers,
our Associates and our Shareholders
Fiscal 2009 was a solid year for UNFI
as we delivered on our initiatives, realized strong financial results and implemented several new long-term growth strategies. Importantly, this performance demonstrated the exceptional work of all of our associates and UNFI’s ability to be resilient during a challenging, yet exciting time. Some key highlights of our results include net income growth of 22%, increasing to $59.2 million or $1.38 per diluted share, and record revenues of $3.45 billion. During the year, in response to the difficult economic environment our team implemented new strategies and controls designed to yield continued operational improvements.
The result of this disciplined operating approach allowed UNFI to strengthen its balance sheet and generate cash— creating approximately $76.0 million in free cash flow and reducing our debt levels by approximately $92.7 million.
On a personal note, this year was extremely gratifying. Our associates demonstrated incredible resolve towards change in a very flexible and nimble manner. Looking back, I cannot think of a better way to learn our business than in the throes of challenges across so many different fronts. Despite these challenges, UNFI began implementing new and exciting strategies which will benefit our company over the next decade.
Most importantly, we began implementation of a strategy centered around:
     • • • •
Building Market Share Operational Excellence
One Company Platform Sustainability & Philanthropy
   2
UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC.
 
 Building Market Share
During the year we continued to integrate our UNFI Specialty Distribution division into our core distribution platform. We now distribute specialty products throughout the U.S. We believe that by adding new customers in this space and more fully penetrating existing customers, UNFI Specialty Distribution combined with organic and natural distribution will become the fastest-growing segment of our business. In addition, our growth in the independent channel will be driven by SKU expansion. Fresh protein and specialty products will drive this growth, supported by innovative programs enhancing the values of this important channel of our business.
During fiscal 2009, we also maintained momentum in expanding our Blue MarbleTM branded division, driven by strength in existing brands. Blue MarbleTM now features over two dozen brands owned by UNFI including organic, specialty and ethnic foods. Our Rising Moon Organics® imported Italian pizzas, Tumaro’s Gourmet Tortillas® and Mediterranean OrganicTM products are poised for significant growth in their categories.
UNFI also continues to grow through its Select Nutrition and Albert’s Organics divisions. At Select Nutrition, the country’s largest distributor of natural health products, our internet fulfillment business continues to expand rapidly. At Albert’s Organics, our expertise in handling organic perishables, including produce, natural protein and organic dairy continue to lead the industry.
Operational Excellence
& One Company Platform
Internally, UNFI has begun a group of initiatives which will drive operational excellence and a “one company” operating platform. During the next several years, we will migrate to a common category management and warehouse system designed to meaningfully improve supply chain efficiency. In addition, through the introduction of a formal UNFI associate development program, we hope to meet our future talent needs through internal candidates.
Our systems must be based on commonality and transparency allowing customers, suppliers and associates to benefit from collaboration and improvement. An example of this initiative is our Supply Chain improvement initiative, ClearVue. ClearVue is designed to maximize efficiency from point of manufacturer to consumer delivery.
Sustainability and Philanthropy
UNFI is deeply committed to sustainability and philanthropy. We have successfully implemented a number of environmental construction and sustainability initiatives over the past few years and, at our California and Connecticut facilities, operate two of the largest distribution center solar arrays in the United States.
UNFI was recently recognized by the U.S. Green Building Council with LEED® (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Gold Certification for our Ridgefield, Washington distribution center, and we have also submitted our York, Pennsylvania distribution center for LEED® Gold certification. This is a significant milestone for our organization and our associates as Ridgefield utilizes 100% renewable energy and became the first refrigerated distribution center in the United States to achieve Gold Certification. In addition, UNFI’s new corporate headquarters in Providence, Rhode Island will be submitted for LEED® Silver Certification, a significant achievement for a retrofitted building built in the late 1800s.
Our company and our associates embrace a culture of giving back. Through our support of the organic industry, and a wide variety of charitable causes, we strive every day to make a difference. I believe that UNFI is a great example of a public company that can deliver consistent return to its shareholders while investing in environmental and philanthropic causes.
In business for over 47 years, UNFI’s roots are built on a deep culture of sustainability and socially responsible initiatives that protect the environment and foster stewardship of the land. This long-standing obligation and a proactive concern for the environment is represented
 2009 annual report
2

 by the ongoing incorporation of environmentally sustainable practices into present and future business activities including solar energy, sustainable building practices and focus on energy and water conservation.
Strategic Investments
During the past several years, we made significant capital investments in connection with the opening and expansion of our facilities and, now have distribution capacity exceeding approximately 6.3 million square feet.
We commenced operations in September 2008 in a new 613,000 square foot distribution center in Moreno Valley, California and in January 2009 opened a new 675,000 square foot distribution center in York, Pennsylvania. In April, we successfully relocated our UNFI Specialty Distribution facility in East Brunswick, New Jersey to the new York, Pennsylvania distribution center, creating our first fully integrated facility offering a full assortment of natural, organic and specialty foods. We also recently moved our corporate headquarters to a renovated facility in Providence, Rhode Island.
Looking ahead, we’re implementing plans to open a distribution center in Texas, with operations scheduled to commence in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Once Texas is fully operational, we’ll have a fully built-out national structure providing UNFI with the ability to compete on a national scale with the most cost-efficient platform in the industry. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures to moderate substantially following completion of these key strategic construction projects.
As you can see, there are many opportunities to drive improvement and our new strategy introduces several enhancements that support our strategic priorities which we believe will produce positive long-term results.
Our achievements are the result of a great deal of hard work by many people. We thank our shareholders for their continued support of UNFI, our customers and suppliers for their loyalty and our associates and Executive Team for their unrelenting dedication to providing the best possible service to our customers.
As we move into fiscal 2010, we are excited about the opportunity before us. We believe that UNFI is well-positioned for the future, both operationally and financially. Committed to delivering consistent results and capitalizing on our market leadership position, we remain excited about the strategic plan we have put into place.
Sincerely,
Steven L. Spinner
President and Chief Executive Officer
  The Future
As we look to the future, we are enthusiastic about the opportunities that our com- petitive position provides us.
I would like to extend our thanks to all UNFI Associates for their continued dedication and strong work ethic. We would also like to thank our customers for their continued support and our fellow share- holders for their continued trust placed in United Natural Foods.
The market for natural, organic, specialty and supplements remains strong. Driven by demand for a healthy lifestyle, food safety concerns and concerns over the impact on the environment, the natural and organic market totaled over $68 billion in 2008, according to the Natural Foods Merchandiser magazine. Despite being the industry leader, we currently represent less than 5% of this robust market. Specialty is a $47.9 billion highly fragmented industry. With a current market share of approximately $300 million, UNFI has even greater opportunities for growth including new customers and specialty SKU additions.
  4
UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC.
