A Letter
Financial Results

TO

ALL

OUR

CONSTITUENCIES

Our Shareholders, our Employee/Associates, our Customers and Suppliers

We at United Natural Foods want to thank all of you for making our fiscal year 2003 a most successful and memorable year. Your Company was fortunate to be able to capitalize on a robust industry and the execution of sound business strategies that have strengthened our position as America's leading certified organic distributor. From our early years as a pioneer in this fast-growing natural and organic industry, tracing back more than 25 years, our focus has remained fixed on meeting the needs of a diverse customer base by providing quality service and breadth of product assortment. This year, our dedicated employee/associates continued to provide superior service levels, which, coupled with strong marketing support enabled us to achieve our financial targets.

In 2003, our sales increased 17.4% to $1.4 billion from the $1.2 billion we recorded in the prior year. Net income, before special items, increased 10.1% from $21.2 million to $23.4 million, while net income, including special items increased 17.5% from $17.2 million to $20.2 million. These solid results were achieved in a challenging year during which we focused on improving the financial and operating results of our two acquisitions, Blooming Prairie and Northeast Co-operatives, and in which we lost our second largest customer. We are pleased that even with these business changes in 2003, we continued to grow and prosper despite an uncertain economic climate. Importantly, our internal revenue growth rate continues to be approximately double that of the Natural Products industry. Despite the negative fixed cost impact from the loss of our second largest customer, and lower operating margins initially associated with the two acquired companies, our operating margins remained healthy in 2003. We are pleased with the improved financial results of these businesses and are convinced that our integration program will continue to produce improved operating margins in fiscal 2004.

strate the ability to integrate and manage these companies effectively, having expanded from coast to coast and across the nation.

Our Customer Focused Mission
UNFI's purpose is to ensure customer satisfaction by understanding and fulfilling their needs. This is our Mission and our most compelling objective. Serving a broad sales base -- from supernaturals (small and large chain natural foods supermarkets) to conventional supermarket chains to independent health food retailers -- we strive to be the distributor of choice in all our business relationships. Due to a number of unmatched capabilities, we feel that UNFI has more to offer our customers than any of our competitors. From our highly evolved logistics network, on-time deliveries and promotional and marketing programs to our industry-leading service levels and our broad product availability, we continue to find new ways to enhance the value our customers receive from us. We will continue to work closely with suppliers to generate the best service levels and sales support programs in the industry. During 2003, UNFI became the first and largest certified organic distributor in North America. Your Company's distribution centers are certified by Quality Assurance International, the industry's underwriter of organic quality. We are committed to the tenets of the organic movement ­ sustainable agriculture and foods free of preservatives, non-organic fertilizer or pesticides that are harmful to the land and to - Wendell Berry consumers. It is important for all of us to remember that we are stewards of the environment, and caretakers for our children.

Strategic Acquisitions
In October 2002, we acquired the Blooming Prairie business, a leading distributor of natural foods in the Midwestern United States. Blooming Prairie allowed us to establish a leadership position in the Midwest and provides us with a platform to serve customers in a region of the country where we did not previously have significant operations. In December 2002, we acquired the business of Northeast Co-operatives. Through this acquisition, we have been able to gain economies of scale for our grocery distribution business throughout the Northeastern United States and a vital customer base for our produce business, Albert's Organics. Each of these acquisitions has begun to be integrated into our distribution organization. Gross profit margins have been enhanced by our marketing and purchasing programs, operating expenses have been reduced, and key operating metrics have been significantly improved. Store routes have been more efficiently arranged among our distribution centers and operating productivity has been improved. Over the past 25 years, United Natural Foods' growth has been fueled by acquisitions. We continue to demon-

"To cherish

what remains of

the Earth and

to foster its renewal

is our only legitimate H O P E of survival"

Market Fundamentals Remain Strong
Robust consumer demand for natural and organic foods continues to drive strong market growth.

In 2002, according to The Natural Foods Merchandiser, American shoppers spent approximately $36.4 billion on natural and organic products: "In a year of economic stagnation, natural product sales increased 6.6 percent across all sales channels, including supermarkets, mass marketers, direct marketers and the Internet. Sales of organic products rose 17.3 percent in natural products stores in 2002. Some of the healthiest gains were in organic produce, up 33 percent; frozen and refrigerated foods, up 18 percent; nutrition bars, up 20 percent; organic beer and wine, up 56 percent; and non-dairy beverages, such as soy and rice milk, up 13 percent." During the months of calendar 2003, UNFI has not only continued to benefit from this strong industry growth, but we have also gone the extra mile, continuing to grow our internally generated revenues at a rate roughly twice that of the industry.

Other noteworthy changes during the year included: Gail Graham joining the Board of Directors in October 2002; Rick Antonelli rejoining the Company as President of the Eastern Region in September 2002; and Rick Puckett joining the Company as Vice President, CFO and Treasurer in January 2003. Dan Atwood was promoted to Senior Vice President responsible for national marketing in October 2002, and since June 2003, also serves as Rick Puckett President of our Hershey Import Company. Michael Beaudry was promoted to Vice President Operations in August 2003. Di Ann Sanchez joined the company in October 2003 as our new Vice President of Human Resources.

Serving a broad sales base, -- from supernaturals (small and large chain natural foods supermarkets) to conventional supermarket chains to independent health food retailers -- we strive to be the distributor of choice in all our business relationships. Due to a number of unmatched capabilities, we feel that UNFI has more to offer our customers than any of our competitors.

Corporate Governance
Your Board of Directors recognizes their primary function as our shareholders' informed representatives. They work closely with Company leadership to review and approve corporate strategy, plan for orderly leadership succession and provide oversight for UNFI's critical decisions and ethical conduct. You can find additional governance information on our website in the investor relations section at www.unfi.com. Through the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committees, the Board is intimately involved in the governance of UNFI business activities.

Expansion of Distribution Facilities
In order to differentiate ourselves from the competition, your Company is committed to making significant investment in our distribution facilities and systems. Our facilities are the most modern, state-of-the-art centers in our industry. We have regularly expanded our capacity in each of the facilities. In June 2003, we completed the expansion of our Chesterfield, New Hampshire distribution center to 289,000 square feet from 106,000 square feet in order to provide capacity for the integration of the business of Northeast Co-operatives. In Fiscal 2004, we plan to expand our Dayville, Connecticut center to 315,000 square feet from 245,000 square feet and to enlarge our Iowa City facility, to 260,000 square feet from 120,000 square feet. These investments will enable us to continue to service our customers with the efficiencies and responsiveness that they demand, and will allow us to continue leading the natural and organic products industry into the future. Since 1999, UNFI has added over 827,000 square feet of capacity, a 60% increase.

Looking Forward...
This past year, we made significant progress in achieving our strategic objectives. We are well positioned for profitable growth in 2004 and beyond. We continue to be convinced that the natural and organic market will provide fertile ground for significant internal growth and selected acquisitions. These will enable us to maintain and enhance our industry leadership position. Our associates here at United Natural Foods are our key competitive advantage. They continue to be the driving force behind our past success and position us well for the future! We extend our appreciation to all of our employee/associates for their continuing commitment, hard work and dedication. We look forward to another year of strong operating performance while delivering financial results that we are all proud to display. We thank each of you, our valued constituencies, for your support and continued loyalty. Sincerely,

Leadership and Board Changes
In January 2003, the Board put into place a senior leadership transition that was seamlessly implemented. Michael Funk, who spent his career building UNFI and its predecessor company, Mountain People's Warehouse, passed the CEO baton to Steven Townsend. Michael continues as our Chairman. Steven Townsend, who has enjoyed a successful career of more than 20 years at UNFI and its predecessor company, Cornucopia Natural Foods, was appointed President and CEO. Tom Simone, a non-Executive Director who served as Chair over the past three years, was named Vice Chair and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board.

Michael Funk Chairman

Steven Townsend President & CEO

