To be an enduring, successful and profitable company.

Mission Statement
To excel in the distribution of natural and organic foods and wellness products by fulfilling the highest standards for quality, consistency, product assortments, dependability, value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships. To exceed the needs and expectations of all our stakeholders: our customers, suppliers, employees, shareholders, communities, the environment and the planet.

To our customers

To create partnering relationships of trust, integrity, customer satisfaction and loyalty. To provide the widest selection of natural and organic products of the highest quality, consistently high in-stock levels, dependable ontime deliveries and highly competitive pricing, which allow our retailers to compete successfully and prosper.

development, and by providing competitive, merit based compensation and benefits which rewards their good work and dedication.

To our shareholders

To exceed the expectations of our shareholders by delivering outstanding performance and commendable returns on their investments.

To our suppliers

To build and sustain fair and honest relationships and be a trusted, dependable distribution resource supported by innovative and effective sales and marketing programs, which deliver measurable values to retailers and consumers.

To our communities
communities where we work,

To be an outstanding partner in the supporting them economically, being proactive and collaborative and making truly meaningful contributions to the quality of life.

To our employees

To create a nurturing work environment for our employees, by acknowledging the value of each person's contribution to our company, entrusting them with responsibility, facilitating personal and professional

To the environment and the planet

To use our strengths and leadership to support socially responsible initiatives that protect the environment and foster stewardship of the land.

[ Financial Highlights 2004 ]

Consolidated Statement of Income Data
(in thousands, except per share data)
Statement of Income Data:
Net sales Gross profit excluding special items* Total operating expenses excluding special items* Operating income excluding special items* Net income excluding special items* Diluted net income per share excluding special items* $ $ $ 1,669,952 330,456 270,381 60,045 32,509 0.79

Fiscal years ended July 31,

2004

2003

2002

$1,379,893 281,294 235,713 45,581 $ 20,220 $ 0.59

$1,175,393 241,155 198,795 42,360 $ $ 21,245 0.55

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
(in thousands)
Working capital Total assets Total long term debt and capital leases Total stockholders' equity

2004
$ 109,225 508,767 44,115 234,929

2003
$ 64,299 430,099 39,119 187,563 $

2002
51,697 354,457 8,672 160,387

* Special items include start-up and transition costs of the new Wild Oats Markets primary distributorship and a non-cash charge related to the change in fair value of interest rate swaps and related option agreements in fiscal 2004; a goodwill impairment charge, inventory write down and restructuring and asset impairment charges related to a subsidiary, moving and other costs related to the expansion of a distribution facility, costs related to the loss of a major customer and a non-cash charge related to the change in fair value of interest rate swaps and related option agreements in fiscal 2003; and a non-cash charge related to the change in fair value of interest rate swaps and related option agreements, relocation, asset impairment and redundant rent expense related to moving a distribution facility, incremental costs related to the startup of a distribution facility, such as labor, utilities and rent, and labor, utilities, rent and severance related to relocating a facility in fiscal 2002.

people  facilities  equipment  technology

United Natural Foods

A letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers, our Associates and our Shareholders

We're unwavering in our focus to excel in the distribution of natural and organic foods and wellness products by fulfilling the highest standards for quality, consistency, product assortment, dependability, value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships.

From both an operational and financial standpoint, fiscal 2004 was an excellent year for United Natural Foods (UNFI). The Company continued to capitalize on growing trends in the natural and organic food industry to realize record financial results and increased market share. Management completed the successful integration of our two 2003 acquisitions, Blooming Prairie and Northeast Co-operatives, into our distribution organization. We also welcomed the return of Wild Oats Markets to our growing base of customers. Focused on solidifying future success, the Company announced plans to "INVEST" more than $100 million into our organization over the next three years. Our objective is to not only recap our achievements over the past twelve months but to outline UNFI's long-term vision for the future. The focal point of this vision is UNFI's continuing investment in our people, facilities, equipment and technologies. FINANCIAL RESULTS Fiscal 2004 was an exciting year for UNFI. Our Associates remained fixed on meeting the needs of our Company's diverse customer base. Financially and operationally, the organization achieved many major milestones.

We reported record revenue, achieving sales of $1.7 billion. Our rate of revenue growth --21% over the previous year -- continues to be more than double that of the natural products industry and about seven times that of conventional supermarkets. The Company increased earnings, excluding special items, 39.0% to $32.5 million, or $0.79 per diluted share. Management continues to focus on improving operating margins. With this emphasis, the Company achieved operating margin growth of 30 basis points over 2003 levels. Free cash flow, excluding working capital, was also very strong, as the Company generated $24 million in free cash flow at year end. We also solidified our balance sheet with the closing of a four-year $250 million revolving credit facility with a bank group that is led by Bank of America Business Capital. We also added long-term debt to the balance sheet and increased our overall liquidity to $125 million. Operationally, we are happy to have re-established our primary distribution relationship with Wild Oats Markets by signing a five-year agreement worth approximately $1 billion. Our ability to reclaim this business is a testament to our Associates' hard work in servicing all of our customers' needs.

people  facilities  equipment  technology

[ page 2 ]

United Natural Foods

During fiscal 2004, we also focused on entering new channels of business. We entered into business relationships with Sodexho and Aramark, allowing us to secure a foothold in the large Food Service channel. We have also initiated a significant effort to penetrate select global markets as well, starting with the Asian markets. Both of these channels are expected to expand over the next several years as we expand in these markets and prepare to enter others. On March 29, 2004 the Board approved a two-for-one split of the Company's common stock, our first stock split as a public company. The split was paid in the form of a stock dividend in mid-April. This split creates an opportunity to broaden our shareholder base and increase the availability of our common stock for trading.

Our Vision... FOR THE FUTURE
Over twenty-five years ago, a group of visionary companies shared the unifying goal of providing healthier food, food grown and produced naturally, free of artificial colors and flavors, free of additives and preservatives. The principles on which UNFI was created -- to support environmental conservation, organic certification and sustainability in agriculture--still thrive and have never been more important than they are today. We're unwavering in our focus to excel in the distribution of natural and organic foods and wellness products by

fulfilling the highest standards for quality, consistency, product assortment, dependability, value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships. We aim to create enduring and partnering relationships with our customers and suppliers while providing a nourishing environment for all our Associates inside our company. We seek to be an outstanding partner in the communities where we work and have a long-standing dedication to use our strengths and resources to support socially responsible initiatives that protect the environment and foster stewardship of the land. We're In short, we committed to strive to be an long-term sustainable growth organization and achieving you can trust. superior financial performance, aligning our efforts with shareholders. In short, we strive to be an organization you can trust. To sustain this legacy and to secure our vision for the future, UNFI is committed to investing more than $100 million in its people, facilities, equipment and technologies over the next three years.

efits for our customers, suppliers and our Associates, and which, as a result, will create greater value for our shareholders. We believe our future prospects are extremely bright and management is excited about the opportunities for fiscal 2005 and beyond. The industry continues to grow and our customer base continues to expand. We have established a leadership position in an expanding industry, our fundamentals are sound, and our management team is solid. We would like to express our sincere appreciation to all our Associates for their dedication, pride and enthusiasm for our business, their hard work and their contributions to our organization's success. In closing, I want to thank our shareholders, our customers, our suppliers and all of our Associates for their continued support. I would also like to extend my gratitude to our Board of Directors for their ongoing dedication and strategic guidance. We look forward to reporting on our progress as we continue to build on our success both in fiscal 2005 and for many years to come. Sincerely,

Focused on the future... LOOKING AHEAD
In 2005, we will once again focus on growing top line revenue while continuing the bottom line profit growth we have achieved in recent years. Management has operational initiatives in place which should deliver considerable ben-

Steven Townsend
Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

people  facilities  equipment  technology

2004 Annual Repor t

[ page 3 ]

