  DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
The employees of UnitedHealthcare, Optum and UnitedHealth Group worked together in 2012 to meaningfully advance the long-term capabilities, value, performance and potential of this enterprise for sustained growth. This letter represents one of the few public opportunities to recognize their extraordinary efforts and I’m honored to do so here. Their commitment to consistent and ever-improving execution on behalf of those we
serve across the diversity of our businesses truly makes a difference in people’s health and in their lives.
As we move forward into 2013 and the next several
years, we expect change will continue to characterize
our national health care system. We remain dedicated to creating a higher quality, more consistently effective and affordable health care system to better serve the needs of all Americans. No other organizations are more capable than Optum and UnitedHealthcare at applying innovative ways to improve care quality and supporting the consistent practice of evidence-based medicine, while improving affordability through the optimal organization and use of care resources.
In an environment of constant change, distinctive themes are emerging:
• Consumers are taking a greater role and responsibility in health care decision-making. They need a trusted navigator to guide them through the complex health care system helping them find the right care, at the right time, in the right setting. We are becoming
ever more consumer-focused, offering high levels
of personalized service, dependable information, personalized tools and incentives that help individuals and families live healthier lives and make wise use of health care resources.
• The roles of physicians and other health care professionals and care facilities continue to evolve. The science of care is advancing, along with increasing demands for consistency, transparency and compliance. We are committed to supporting this evolution with the most innovative yet practical technologies; insightful, reliable
data and analysis; and broad access to secure patient information to help care providers make optimal and compassionate care decisions for their patients — while modernizing the administration of physicians’ practices, hospitals and clinics to help them become more sustainable resources for care.
• We are committed to serving health benefit sponsors by providing innovative, flexible benefit designs that engage and incentivize consumers to embrace healthy behaviors — whether those benefits are purchased
by individuals on state insurance exchanges, by small, midsized or national employers, or by state and federal programs. We will consistently exceed benefit sponsors’ expectations, enabling them to meet their benefit objectives as cost-effectively as possible, while helping provide greater access to better care.
On behalf of those invested in our efforts, we will protect and thoughtfully deploy your capital to build and advance ever-improving capabilities that have durable market relevance and value. We will use those capabilities to grow in profitable ways that provide distinctive returns on the capital entrusted to us, balancing both our social and financial responsibilities.
In everything we do, we value integrity, compassion, respect for individuals and relationships, innovation and accountable performance. As employees of this enterprise, we have the opportunity to focus on creating new, adaptable approaches to better health care on behalf of individuals and society
as a whole. We are grateful you have allowed us to hold this position of trust. We will continue to do our utmost each day to prove worthy of your trust and the trust of the people and customers we serve.
Sincerely,
Steve Hemsley
President and Chief Executive Officer
       UNITEDHEALTH GROUP 1
