      UNUM 2013 ANNUAL REPORT / 1
   Thomas R. Watjen President and
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders, Customers and Colleagues
At Unum, we believe two attributes stand above all others in driving the long-term success of our business: remaining disciplined in all that we do and consistently executing on our plans. While hardly flashy, over the last 10 years these two traits have helped us build strong, trusted relationships with our clients while enabling us to produce industry-leading returns in our core businesses and generate excess capital.
In 2013, we benefited once again from this straightforward approach to our business as we grew our operating earnings per share for the eighth consecutive year, enhanced our position in our markets, maintained a strong financial foundation, and returned significant capital to our shareholders.
Make no mistake, this remains a challenging environment, with the slow economic recovery, persistently low interest rates, and improving, but still tepid, business confidence continuing to create headwinds for our company. This is nothing new, though, and our results over the past few years show that we can effectively operate in this environment by staying focused on the things we can control, while also aggressively taking the actions needed to capitalize on what
I believe is unprecedented opportunity in our business.
2013 PERFORMANCE
I continue to be very pleased with our overall results. Unum US, our largest principal operating business, saw improved profitability as we remained focused on disciplined underwriting and pricing, often at the expense of top-line growth. Colonial Life’s operating performance was strong as well, with solid risk results and sound expense management driving another good year for this business. And Unum UK showed nice improvement over 2012 as the re-pricing and re-positioning actions in our group life business began to have a positive impact on our results.
  
2 / UNUM 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
     Some History is Worth Repeating
A message from Tom Watjen
While a lot has happened since our founding more than 165 years ago, one thing hasn’t changed over that period — our commitment to protecting the livelihoods of individuals and their families. Today, more than 25 million individuals at 170,000 companies rely on our products and services, and last year we paid more than $6 billion in financial support to help keep their aspirations alive, even in the face of a family tragedy. We take that responsibility very seriously today, just as we did in 1848 when our Unum US predecessor was founded, and just as we did 75 years ago when our Colonial Life subsidiary was born — launching one of the first voluntary benefits providers in the U.S. — and as we’ve done since 1970 when our Unum UK predecessor first offered employee benefits coverage in that country.
But being in business for a long time doesn’t entitle you to anything. You must continue to serve your customers well every day, you must continue to respond to changes in the market and invest in your business and people to maintain a superior product and service offering, and you must do that consistently — not just for one quarter or a year but over the long term. That’s what our customers, distributors, and stakeholders who depend on this company expect.
           Among the year’s highlights*:
• Operating earnings increased to $3.32 per share up from $3.15 per share in 2012 — a 5.4 percent increase that was at the higher end of our target range and marked the eighth consecutive year of operating EPS growth for the company.
• Operating return on equity for our principal operating businesses reached 14.2 percent, again exceeding the industry average, while our total company return on equity was
11.4 percent.
• Our statutory operating earnings,
a measure of enterprise cash flow, reached near-record levels and helped us close the year with a strong capital position and significant financial flexibility.
• We bought back $319 million of our shares during the year, bringing the amount we’ve repurchased since 2007 to $2.5 billion, or 30 percent of our outstanding shares. Additionally, we increased our dividend 11.5 percent, the fifth consecutive year of double- digit increases.
• Book value per share† — a strong measure of enterprise growth — increased 9.4 percent to $32.32, and has increased 9.2 percent per year over the past 5 years.
OPERATING EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH
2009 2013
Two areas in particular presented challenges for us, but I am very pleased with where we ended the year with both. The first is the challenge we and the industry face in profitably growing our business. This is often the case in a competitive environment, but in the first half of the year many employers (especially smaller ones) were faced with both an uncertain economic environment and the challenges
of adapting to the Affordable Care
Act — with the result commonly being an inability to focus on the types of benefits we offer. As the
year progressed, however, we saw improving sales trends.
In addition, our Closed Block segment — consisting of legacy products such as long-term care insurance that we no longer sell but still service — continues to adversely impact our overall returns. Last year we substantially strengthened the resources dedicated to this business, and also took steps to improve our operating results and better manage the capital supporting this area. While this business will never achieve the returns envisioned when we wrote it years ago, the Closed Block stabilized in 2013 and was in line with our expectations. I’m confident we are doing all the right things to ensure that it does not detract from the solid performance of our ongoing businesses.
* In analyzing performance, the company sometimes uses non-GAAP financial measures that differ from what is reported under GAAP. Refer to the Financial Highlights and pages 40,
34.51, 156, and 170 for reconciliations of the
3n.0on-GAAP financial measures used in this
 report, including operating income, operating
1.0
0.5
0.0
2.5
2.0
revenue, operating earnings per share,
1.5
operating return on equity and book value
per share (excluding accumulated other
comprehensive income, or AOCI), to the
most directly comparable GAAP measures. † ExcludesAOCI.
09 10 11 12 13
$3.32
$3.15
$2.98
$2.73
$2.64

      UNUM 2013 ANNUAL REPORT / 3
   ALIGNING FOR THE FUTURE
As I mentioned earlier, one of the greatest challenges for all financial services companies is finding profitable long-term growth opportunities. We can always find revenue growth, but it often comes with a price we’re not prepared to pay: sacrificing our risk and financial objectives. I’m extremely pleased with the way we have balanced our growth and profitability goals, and I’m also encouraged that despite a challenging first few months of the year, our sales gained momentum, our premium grew in the U.S., and we added more than 20,000 new employer customers in 2013.
But we’re driven by an even bigger prize — expanding the market for the essential financial protection products and services we provide. Consider that:
• Nearly 70 percent of Americans
and 90 percent of British workers lack adequate disability and financial protection benefits, yet many of those same individuals live paycheck- to-paycheck and are unable to support themselves and their families if the unexpected occurs.
• Unfortunately, life-changing events happen more frequently than we’d like to expect — research shows that one out of four 20-year-olds will be out of work due to a disability over the course of their working years.
• For many people, the only avenue when they find themselves in this situation is government assistance,
CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RETURN ON EQUITY
      “At Unum, we believe two attributes stand above all others in driving the long-term success of our business: remaining disciplined in all that we do and consistently executing on our plans.”
2009
2013
but most public programs aren’t equipped to address this challenge and won’t even allow an individual to maintain a reasonable standard of living.
For the vast majority of consumers, the workplace is the best place to be educated about these risks and get access to affordable financial protection. In fact, 90 percent of disability and more than 60 percent of all life insurance coverage is obtained in the workplace and, despite the challenges faced by businesses today, 70 percent of all employers say they still want to take an active role in helping protect their employees’ well-being. Unfortunately, if workers don’t obtain basic financial protection through their employer, all too often they won’t get it at all.
While I believe the need for basic financial protection has never been greater, our industry has historically been unable to reach many of those who need it most. We are convinced, though, that this is the time for us to seize the moment, and we are taking steps to capitalize on this opportunity.
“There should be no doubt about Unum’s commitment to the business of providing financial protection to individ- uals — we staked our claim to it more than a century and a half ago and have never wavered in our commitment to being a leader in it.”
What history often does is present a pretty clear road map for the future. Companies come and go in our industry, at times aggressively seeking to grow their business while at other times withdrawing or retrenching as other corporate priorities overshadow this segment of their business — or they’ve tried to grow too quickly without the right resources or long-term strategy. There should be no doubt about Unum’s commitment to the business of providing financial protection to individuals in the workplace — we staked our claim to it more than a century and a half ago and have never wavered in our commitment to being a leader in it. After all, it’s our only business.
Admittedly, over those 165 years we’ve made some mistakes, but we’ve learned from them and have become a stronger company as result. One that won’t make the same mistakes twice and will strive to maintain its leadership position in its business. One that will continue to deliver on its commitments, not by resting on its laurels but by quietly reinventing itself to
 11.4%
12.3%
12.2%
11.9%
12.9%
 
4 / UNUM 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
     build from its rich history — through new product and service offerings, through continued enhancements to its operating platform to better leverage its significant scale advantage, and through maintaining a culture where everyone takes pride in doing the right thing to maintain the trust and confidence of its customers.
As I mentioned earlier, our Colonial Life subsidiary is celebrating its 75th anniversary this year. As was the case when Edwin Averyt and J. Clifton Judy founded the business in 1939, what really defines a company’s culture and brand is its people — and that has never been more true than today. Our nearly 10,000 people consistently fulfill our commitments to our customers and respect our history, but are also unafraid to drive innovation and change to ensure we maintain our leadership position in our markets, take personally the responsi- bility we have to our communities and the environment, and, of course, do all of this in an ethically and financially responsible manner.
In short, throughout our entire history we have built a tremendous legacy and playbook to guide our future — a future that looks both similar, and different, from what we have seen up to now. With our people ready and our playbook still in hand, I’ve never been more optimistic about the prospects for our business or more confident in our company’s ability to build from our past successes.
           In order to do so, we must better educate the market on the need for coverage, simplify our products and services to make them more under- standable and affordable, and do so in a way that doesn’t compromise the risk and financial objectives that have been so important to our past success.
In our business, complexity is the enemy — a concept that became even more apparent with the confusion that emerged around health care reform. Consumers are already overwhelmed, which means we have an even greater responsibility to focus on simplicity and to clearly highlight the value our products represent to the financial health of individuals and families. We are continuing to make further invest- ments in our consumer research and marketing to better understand, engage and inform consumers, and in stream- lining and leveraging our core processes and technologies across our three operating businesses.
In short, there has never been a greater need for the basic financial protections we provide. To meet it, we must build from the successes we’ve had in recent years and continue to leverage our capabilities across the entire company. Our size and scale give us a tremendous advantage as we look to expand the market, and we fully intend to capitalize on our unique position.
OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE —
OUR GREATEST ASSETS
There’s a reason why we’ve been able to deliver solid operating results over an extended period of time, why we haven’t lowered our investment standards to stretch for yield, why we haven’t chased underpriced business, and why we’ve consistently been
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE GROWTH*
2009
2013
*Excludes AOCI.
recognized for outstanding customer service. That reason is our people — our nearly 10,000 employees who care about this business and take personal responsibility for doing
their part to ensure that we deliver on our commitments to customers, shareholders, regulators, communities, and to one another.
We are reminded every day that we work in an important and honorable business. Last year alone, we paid more than $6 billion in benefits to protect the future of individuals and their families; we helped more than 230,000 people return to work and restore a more productive lifestyle; and we enabled more than 25 million individuals to take personal ownership for their and their loved ones’ financial protection. Throughout the company, we take great pride in the difference we make in the lives of millions by protecting them when they need it most. And we take seriously the responsibility of maintaining the financial strength to meet these obligations, while also creating long- term shareholder value.
Probably the most important thing we can do to ensure we maintain this edge is to continue to invest in our people — through increased training, broadening
 $32.32
$29.55
$26.33
$25.69
$23.20

      UNUM 2013 ANNUAL REPORT / 5
   and deepening our leadership team, creating succession plans to maintain continuity and consistency in our per- formance, developing talent from within but also providing opportunities for those from the outside who can bring new insights and perspectives to the company, and aligning our recognition and compensation plans to support the goals of the company.
We also continually focus on identifying and developing people with the poten- tial to fill key leadership positions in the company. Of our recent officer-level openings, for instance, 38 percent were filled by leaders who were being promoted and 31 percent were filled through officer rotations, with the remaining being hired from outside the company. Within our entire workforce, we saw 1,400 promotions and nearly 800 people moving into new roles.
Our people are not only the reason for the “whys” I mentioned earlier, they’re what gives me confidence we will continue to be successful in the years ahead.
On a related note, after 35 years with the company, Kevin McCarthy is retiring from Unum. Kevin has served in many roles over his career, most recently as CEO of Unum US and COO of Unum Group. He has meant a lot to me and
to the entire organization, but perhaps his most important legacy is his com- mitment to developing talent. Through Kevin’s efforts and others around the company, our leadership team is the deepest it’s been since I became CEO in 2003, and that, along with the engagement and commitment of our people, sets us up well for the future.
“As we look to 2014, we will stay true to the principles that have gotten us to where we are today: solid plans, disciplined execution, a relentless focus on the customer, and a commitment to attracting and retaining the best people in the business.”
2014 OUTLOOK
As we look to 2014, we will stay true to the principles that have gotten us to where we are today: solid plans, disciplined execution, a relentless focus on the customer, and a commitment to attracting and retaining the best people in the business.
The external environment will likely remain somewhat challenging in 2014, with low interest rates continuing to present obstacles for financial services providers. Rather than relying on rates to rise or counting on something to happen that we simply can’t control, we have taken the pricing actions needed to mitigate the impact of lower rates.
We will continue to pursue growth opportunities, but we won’t be afraid to walk away from business that can’t be written on a profitable basis. Instead, we will protect the strong margins and returns we’ve worked so hard to build in our core business segments, at the same time investing in those things that can help us seize the opportunities to grow the market.
While generating solid, consistent operating results is our primary focus, if we execute our plans well — as we’ve done for the past decade — we will continue to generate excess capital.
Deploying that capital in a way that creates long-term value for our share- holders will remain a critical area of focus. The formula we will follow is fairly simple: balance the needs for capital in our businesses, with returning capital to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, with pursuing acquisitions that fit our strate- gic and financial objectives. We’ve built a solid track record of putting our capital to work, and you can expect us to continue to do so in the future.
In closing, I would like to express my appreciation to our board of directors for their support, and offer a special thank-you to Michael Passarella who is retiring from the board after eight years of service. I also want to thank our leadership team and all of my colleagues at the company for doing the things that allow us to continue to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. My confidence in our future has never been stronger.
On behalf of all of us at Unum, thank you for your continued support.
Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
 