  “We see a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow this market, by helping people ‘protect more tomorrows’ and plan for unforeseen circumstances rather than hope against them.”
RICK MCKENNEY President and
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders, Customers and Colleagues:
Opportunity.
That’s a word I’ve used often during my first year as Unum’s CEO, and with good reason. On the heels of a year in which we generated solid profitable growth throughout the company, we move into 2016 well- positioned to capitalize on opportunities to further expand our reach.
We look to the future with optimism because the need for what we do has never been greater. Many workers in the U.S. and U.K. lack access to benefits that can preserve their financial stability in the face of an unexpected event. And with government programs short on resources and solutions, the responsibility for building a personal financial safety net lands squarely on individuals.
We believe we are uniquely positioned to address this pressing societal need. With disability, life and a variety of voluntary insurance benefits offered through the workplace, today we protect more than 33 million individuals and their families against financial hardships that can derail their stability.
But our view is more expansive. We see a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow this market, by helping people “protect more tomorrows” and plan for unforeseen circumstances rather than hope against them.
A key to being there when people need us most is the depth and breadth of our experience in employee benefits. For more than
165 years, we’ve demonstrated the ability to understand and meet the needs of individuals and their employers – from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies. With the support of 10,000 of the best and most innovative employees in the industry, our strategy for 2016 and beyond is straightforward: to provide more people with access to products and services that protect their financial well-being, while generating attractive returns for our shareholders. We’ll achieve this in three ways:
• Grow our existing business by enhancing our value proposition, deepening our relationships with customers, and better reaching underserved markets;
• Invest in our operations in ways that anticipate and respond to the changing needs of our customers, while meeting new market demands; and
• Expand our reach into new geographies, products and distribution channels where our expertise and capabilities are competitive advantages.
Unum 2015 Annual Report 1

  STRONG 2015 PERFORMANCE
It is important to start from a position of strength. On that note,
we were pleased with our results for 2015. Despite an operating environment that remains challenging for insurers, we saw growing demand across our businesses as our products and services are more relevant than ever to people of all generations.
Overall, sales and premium each rose 5 percent as our core businesses – Unum US, Unum UK and Colonial Life – once again performed well. This is a testament to both our value proposition and the strong relationships we’ve built in the marketplace.
Perhaps most encouraging is that our people delivered it the right way: profitable, disciplined growth. Operating earnings per share increased nearly 4 percent, marking the 10th consecutive year
of operating EPS growth.
The opportunities we seized in 2015 – and those unfolding before us now – are the result of the disciplined execution and sound decision-making that we’ve exhibited over those 10 years.
But our success goes well beyond just financial results. I’m proud to say that our consumer, employer and broker satisfaction scores remain very strong, a sign that we continue to deliver on our commitment to providing outstanding service.
Our focus now is on accelerating the momentum we’ve built by leveraging the Unum and Colonial Life brands – and unique strengths of each – to capitalize on opportunities to profitably grow. We made a key acquisition in 2015 with the purchase of National Dental Plan in the U.K. We believe that dental benefits are a natural fit with our product offerings, and we hope to capitalize on recent growth in the employee dental insurance market in the U.K.
“We look to the future with optimism because the need for what we do has never been greater.”
Although our primary focus is on growing our business, we also continue to carefully manage our Closed Block of legacy products such as long-term care insurance that we no longer sell but still service. We’re committed to improving the performance of this block through disciplined capital management and the effective implementation of approved rate increases.
We also remain committed to managing our company in ways that generate long-term shareholder value. Last year, with strong capital generation from our core businesses, we continued to deploy capital
to bolster shareholder value. We increased our dividend for the eighth consecutive year and repurchased more than $425 million of our shares in 2015, bringing the amount that we have repurchased since 2007 to $3.2 billion.
INCREASING DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
The need for financial protection products has steadily grown in recent years as financial foundations have shifted, government resources have become strained, and costs have climbed – leaving consumers, businesses and governments struggling to adapt.
Studies have found that nearly 90 percent of households say they would suffer financial hardship if they were disabled and unable to work for a year. And suffering illness or injury that prevents an individual from working occurs more than most people expect. In fact, more than one in four of today’s 20-year-olds will be out of work at some point in their careers due to a disability.
For most workers, including those at lower and middle income levels, the workplace is the best place to get this financial protection. At least 90 percent of disability insurance and 60 percent of all life insurance coverage is acquired in the workplace. That’s because employees can get the information they need to be educated consumers, as well as access to affordable protection that would likely not be available to them elsewhere.
Workplace benefits have advantages for employers as well. They enable organizations to attract and retain top talent, and the majority of employers say they feel they have a responsibility to help protect their employees’ well-being.
In spite of this, too many people remain unprotected. In the U.S.,
only one in three workers has access to disability insurance in the workplace, leaving more than 75 million without coverage. In the U.K., more than 90 percent of workers still lack basic disability coverage.
And with public assistance programs in both countries under increasing pressure, it’s clear the private sector will need to play a larger role in providing essential financial protection to workers and their families.
At Unum, we believe we are part of the solution. We start by helping educate consumers about the need for financial protection and taking steps to simplify our products and make them more affordable to all workers. After all, we know we’re helping protect people who are just like us.
In at least one case, the products and services we provide even led a customer to become part of our family. Jamie Fredrickson bought cancer coverage from Colonial Life in 2009, never imagining she’d need those benefits until her 2-year-old daughter, Nora, was diagnosed with leukemia.
  2

  Benefit payments throughout her illness helped cover medical and other costs and eased some of the financial burden during a time when Jamie was also caring for her newborn son.
Nora is now a thriving 7-year-old, and Jamie joined Colonial Life in 2014, sharing her own story to help people understand the “why” behind what we do. As both a customer and a member of our team, Jamie reflects the value of our work and the values we practice as a company.
In addition to protecting the financial stability of individuals and families, our benefits help rebuild careers and lives. We recently received a letter from a Unum customer who was forced by injury to leave his 17-year career in law enforcement. His disability benefit payments were vital, but equally important was the support of our vocational rehabilitation experts who helped him identify new career opportunities and prepared him for job interviews in new fields.
“Embracing change is a central focus for us, because those organizations that find ways to adapt faster and more effectively will have a clear advantage moving forward.”
The difference our people made is clear in his note: “When I called to report that I have been re-employed . . . the first thing she did was congratulate me and express how happy she was for me. It means a lot when people who you do not even know are just as happy for your advancement in life as members of your own family.”
Last year alone, we paid more than $6.8 billion in benefits and helped some 327,000 people return to work. There are stories like these behind each one of them. They motivate and inspire us, while providing a steady reminder that our business delivers value that goes well beyond the bottom line.
KEEPING PACE WITH A CHANGING ENVIRONMENT
Delivering on our strategy will require that we keep pace with the rapid change that is happening all around us. Embracing change is a central focus for us, because those organizations that find ways to adapt faster and more effectively will have a clear advantage moving forward.
At Unum, we’re no strangers to change. From an organizational perspective, we have had several well-executed transitions at the senior leadership level, as well as on our Board of Directors, over the last five years. The stability and continuity that are hallmarks of our culture played a key role in not only assuring smooth transitions, but also enabling us to continue to achieve outstanding results amid these changes.
We also find ourselves adapting to fast-evolving consumer expectations about service and responsiveness. No longer is “the competition” limited to other insurers. When it comes to customer service, consumers today are less likely to differentiate between industries. Instead they expect a high level of service whether they are talking to their insurance company, making an online purchase or buying a latte at the coffee shop.
In a relatively short time, nearly everything about the ways all
of us shop, bank, even plan our vacations, has moved to an online, on-demand, one-stop-shop approach. In response, we need to think more broadly and remain open to new business approaches.
    Our Investment Philosophy
Our focused approach is evident in our investment philosophy. We not only have a disciplined approach to running our businesses, we have maintained a prudent investment strategy that steers clear of risky investments and focuses on supportingour broad portfolio of products.
With more than $50 billion under active management, our investment portfolio is designed to match the long-term nature of our business. The high quality of our investments means we have a significantly lower default experience than the market average, and low exposure to problem areas.
Although today’s stubbornly low interest rates continue to put pressure on our investment income, we are able to offset this impact by adjusting the pricing of many of our products to accommodate changing economic environments and their impact on our profitability.
Through it all, we have a responsibility to make investment decisions that are in the best interests of our shareholders and customers. That means looking for sensible opportunities that provide attractive returns over the long term. It’s a simple but powerful guiding principle.
   Unum 2015 Annual Report 3

  But while we are constantly evolving to reflect a new reality, what remains unchanged is our commitment to protecting the financial stability of millions of working people and their families.
OUR BRAND
I’ve always believed that a good brand is a promise made, but a great brand is a promise kept.
We strive to be a company viewed not just for its financial performance but as a thought leader in our industry, as a good corporate citizen, and as an employer of choice. Most importantly, we want to be viewed as a company that keeps its promises.
In recent years, we have elevated our stature as a leading voice for our industry. Largely due to our efforts, the need for and value of financial protection benefits are growing topics of conversation, and we’ve built partnerships with industry groups and policymakers in both the U.S. and U.K. that can move us closer to our goal of protecting the financial security of more working people and their families.
At the same time, our commitment to making our communities better is a cornerstone of our business. The primary focus of our community outreach is public education, because we firmly believe that by helping develop stronger individuals we create stronger communities and a better prepared workforce. In 2015, we contributed nearly $13 million and our employees volunteered more than 88,000 hours to charitable organizations throughout the U.S., U.K. and Ireland.
Our brand starts with our people. Our ability to deliver on the promises we make to our customers and shareholders rests with them. I can’t thank our employees enough for what they do every day to support the needs of all of our stakeholders. It’s for this reason that we take pride in our efforts to provide a rewarding work environment, recognizing that our employees can only be at their best if they have the opportunity to grow and learn. As a result, we’ve been recognized as a top employer both nationally as well as in our home states.
These efforts not only benefit our employees, but they also ensure that we live up to our commitments to the people who rely on us during some of the most trying times of their lives.
“Our brand starts with our people. Our ability to deliver on the promises we make to our customers and shareholders rests with them.”
OUTLOOK FOR 2016
Thomas Edison once said: “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”
At Unum, we understand that it takes good old-fashioned hard work to capitalize on opportunities. Fortunately, we have developed a culture where the value of hard work is ingrained at every level of the organization. It shows up in the form of smart strategic decision- making, focused execution and consistent performance and results. We aim to further our momentum in 2016, as we anticipate continued top-line growth while maintaining solid operating margins and significant financial flexibility to support the needs of our businesses.
Looking ahead, we see plenty of opportunities to grow our business – and we intend to capitalize on them. Each day, more and more people are counting on us for help protecting their livelihoods
and quality of life, and we’re committed to being there when they need us.
In summary, we are in good operating businesses with strong market positions, and we have built a solid financial foundation. By continuing to anticipate the needs of our customers, and by remaining disciplined in everything we do, we’ll be well-positioned to deliver even greater value to our shareholders in the future.
As I approach my first anniversary as CEO, every day I am thankful for the opportunity to lead a company with such an accomplished past and an extremely promising future. I truly believe we are not only stronger today than ever before, but that we are uniquely positioned for growth and continued financial success.
Thank you for the confidence and trust you place in all of us at Unum. We will do everything possible to continue to earn it.
Richard (Rick) McKenney President and CEO
    4
