                 I’m pleased to report that 2010 was another strong year for our company. The actions we took almost a decade ago to instill greater discipline in all that we do – the discipline to focus on businesses and risks we understand, to maintain a “fortress” balance sheet, and to consistently execute on our plan – have continued to serve us well. Our success would not have been possible without the incredible efforts of our nearly 10,000 employees who enable us every day to deliver on our commitments.
To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Colleagues
In this year’s letter I’ll touch on our results, including some of the non-financial indicators that define Unum’s culture and have helped position us well for the future. I’ll also address the outlook for our industry – specifically the growing need for benefits offered in the workplace. Clearly there are both challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. I continue to believe Unum is well-positioned to navigate through the challenges and, at the same time, to seize on the significant opportunities that are emerging in today’s marketplace.
  Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
1

                  Earnings Per Share*
(excluding special items)
$3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50 $0.00
  $2.69
$2.57
2006 2007
*See the previous discussion of non-GAAP financial measures.
 $2.51
   $2.21
  $1.80
   2008 2009 2010
 Strong Five-Year Track Record
Predictable results in an authorized in 2010 and announce an authorization
unPredictable environment
The generally strong results we produced last year in spite of a difficult environment were possible because we continued to follow the playbook we established a number of years ago. While singularly focused on employee benefits in the workplace, we have continued to develop both geographic and product diversity, which has significantly reduced the risk in our business and contributed to our overall success. Among the highlights for last year:
• Our operating earnings per share grew almost 5 percent in 2010 and has grown at a compound annual rate of 11 percent since 2006;
• New accounts, which are an indication of how connected we are with our markets, grew more than 4 percent, and we continue to enjoy very strong customer retention;
• Our continued outstanding operating performance, the quality of our investment portfolio, and the strength of our capital position enabled us to increase our dividend by 12 percent and, in early 2011, complete $500 million in share repurchases
for an additional $1 billion share repurchase over
18 months;
• Our increased profitability and financial flexibility
prompted upgrades in our financial strength ratings by both Fitch and Moody’s in 2010 and A.M. Best in early 2011. Such upgrades are uncommon among financial services providers in today’s challenging environment;
• We continue to recognize that our success isn’t measured solely by financial results, but also by how well we treat our customers, employees, communities, and the environment. I’m very proud of our accomplishments in all of these areas.
Importantly, we have continued to generate solid returns for our shareholders. Though the market remains somewhat volatile, our one-, three- and five-year total shareholder returns have outperformed our industry, the S&P 500, and the broader stock market – and we have every reason to believe this performance is sustainable.
Generating shareholder value
  Year
  2007
  2008
   2009
   2010
   2011
  share repurchases authorized
 $700 million
  —
 —
 $500 million
 $1,000 million
 dividend increase
  —
  —
   +10%
   +12%
   TBD1
      2
1 To be considered at May 2011 board meeting
+11% CAGR

                 outperforming our Industry
 Total return Through december 31, 2010
 1-Year
  3-Year
  5-Year
 unum
  26.0%
   6.9%
   15.0%
  S&P Life Insurance Index
  25.1%
 -25.5%
 -3.7%
 S&P 500
  15.0%
   -8.3%
   12.0%
     Make no mistake, we face our share of challenges – from certain competitors who inadequately price their business, to the continued low levels of employment in the U.S. and U.K., to cost pressures confronting both businesses and individuals. Not only do we understand the environmental influences we face, we’re positioned to operate successfully whether or not these challenges diminish going forward. It’s worth noting that our strong five-year track record was largely established during one of the worst economic and financial environments we have ever experienced.
While we are very pleased with our performance this past year, we cannot and will not be complacent. Our markets will continue to evolve and change, and, as a market leader, we can help lead this transformation. There will be many new growth opportunities available to those who are truly committed to this business, but to be successful we must continue to simplify everything we do, improve our speed to market, and become more productive – while at the same time expanding the choices we offer our customers. We made great strides in these areas in 2010, and they will continue to be areas of focus in 2011 and beyond.
THe GrowING Need For FINANCIAL ProTeCTIoN
In the short term, we fully expect to continue to deal with the challenges I mentioned earlier, most notably a slow recovery in employment. However, we have the right strategy, people, and products to continue to
overcome those challenges. More importantly, there are clear indications that there are significant longer-term growth opportunities in our business. As a market leader in both the U.S. and U.K., we are well-positioned to be part of the solution to a growing set of issues impacting individuals, businesses, and governments in our markets.
The unfortunate reality is that most lower- and middle- income consumers in the U.S. and U.K. lack the basic insurance to protect themselves and their families should something unexpected occur – a need that’s been made even more apparent following the financial crisis. For example:
• Nearly 80 percent of Americans live paycheck- to-paycheck and therefore lack a safety net to provide support in the event of an accident, illness, or injury;
• A full 90 million Americans – or 65 percent of the workforce – lack disability coverage, while only one in 10 U.K. workers has disability insurance;
• Life insurance coverage in the U.S. is at a 50-year low.
Additionally, governments in the U.S. and U.K. – and throughout the world for that matter – are struggling to address growing deficit problems, limiting their ability to offer some of the financial protections that have been provided in the past. While it’s difficult to know what lies ahead for government-provided benefits in the U.S.
3

                4
and U.K., what is clear is that neither government is likely to increase benefits. Instead, they will almost certainly ask citizens to take more responsibility for protecting their own financial security.
Employer-sponsored benefits can play a major role in addressing the need for financial protection and in taking the pressure off government resources. According to recent economic studies, the protection provided by employer-sponsored disability insurance, for instance, means that as many as 430,000 families each year in the U.S. are not relying on public assistance programs. This translates into a savings to the govern- ment and taxpayers of up to $3.5 billion a year. The estimates for life insurance are even higher, but the point is the same: The social welfare gain for both consumers and the government would be much greater if more people had access to financial pro- tection coverage, especially at the lower- and middle-income levels.
With this in mind, benefits providers must – in partnership with employers and policymakers – step forward to help solve the problem of a large and rapidly expanding population without the financial resources to protect themselves or their families in the event of death, illness, or injury.
Our research and industry data indicate that while some consumers have access to financial advice and sound choices to protect themselves, the vast majority do not – and in fact are looking to their employer for help. While employers are naturally concerned about cost pressures, they still see the value to their employees and to their businesses of providing financial protection benefits. In fact, most believe they have a responsibility to protect employees’ and their families’ well-being. The facts are compelling:
• More than 80 percent of human resources executives say the key to keeping employees engaged and motivated is to demonstrate that the company cares about their well-being, and one of the ways they can do that is
by providing access to a well-rounded
benefits package;
• More than 70 percent of life insurance and
80 percent of disability insurance is pur-
chased in the workplace;
• Middle- and lower-income families, in
particular, are dependent on the workplace for benefits.
In short, we believe the workplace is extremely important today and, in the future, will become an even more significant marketplace for providing working people of all income levels access to quality, high-value protection for themselves and their families.
A CuLTure oF reSPoNSIbILITY
As proud as I am of our financial results, I take even greater pride in the often-unnoticed actions of our people that define Unum’s culture as one of caring and striving to consistently do the right thing. Our people are highly engaged in the business, and as a result they make good things happen for all of our stakeholders. It begins with living up to our commit- ments to policyholders. In 2010, that meant paying approximately $6 billion in benefits to individuals and families during some of the most difficult times of their lives. Also ingrained in our company is the culture of responsibility we’ve fostered over the years. Our customer, broker, and claimant satisfaction numbers are at record levels and climbing. And we continue to believe that we have a significant role to play in assisting those less fortunate and in making our communities better, especially through our efforts to improve public education. Last year alone, Unum donated more than $7 million to charitable organiza- tions throughout the U.S. and U.K., including more than $1.2 million of employee contributions through our matching gifts program. We also advanced our commitment to good corporate citizenship by making further reductions in our carbon footprint. We recycled more than 3 million pounds of paper and cardboard and, since 2008, reduced our energy consumption by 15 percent.

  unum uS
#1 Group Disability
#4 Group Life
#3 Voluntary Benefit Sales
 unum uK
#1 Group Income Protection #4 Group Life
#1 Group Critical Illness
 Colonial Life
#3 Voluntary Benefit Sales
 unum uS: Group Short-Term and Long-Term Disability in-force premium and cases: JHA 2009 U.S. Group Disability Market Survey; Group Life: In-force cases, JHA 2009 U.S. Group Life Market Survey
unum uS and Colonial Life: Voluntary Benefits: Eastbridge U.S. Worksite Sales Report, Carrier Results for 2009, May 2010
unum uK: Swiss Re Group Watch 2010
 We believe it’s also important as industry leaders
to take a more active role in the political process, particularly when it comes to informing our policy- makers. In both the U.S. and U.K., we have continued to work closely with government officials to help educate them on the importance of employer- sponsored benefits in protecting people’s financial well-being. As I’ve noted previously, decisions in Congress and Parliament can have a significant impact on our customers’ businesses and our markets, and for that reason we will remain engaged in the process.
ACHIevING our PoTeNTIAL
In summary, I continue to be pleased with our performance, but I also recognize there is more we can do to realize Unum’s tremendous potential. The good news is that the opportunities exceed the challenges. I’m confident that through the continued focus and commitment of our people on doing what’s right, good things will continue to occur at this company.
It’s rewarding to be in a position where there is a compelling need for what we do, where we have strong positions from which to operate, and where, when we execute well, our business generates solid margins and excess capital – capital to support growth, to fund corporate development, and also to generate returns for shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks. It’s a nice business model, and one that we believe will continue to serve our company and stakeholders well.
In closing, we wouldn’t be where we are today without the strong support of our board of directors and senior leadership team, and most especially the contributions of all our employees. I hope you join me in thanking them for what they’ve accomplished this past year. While undoubtedly there are challenges ahead, I’m confident that through their continued efforts we will consistently deliver value to all of our stakeholders in the years to come.
Sincerely,
Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
Market Leadership
For Future Growth
 5
