                 To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Colleagues:
 Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
I am very pleased with the results that we delivered in 2009 in what remained a challenging business and economic environment. The foundational principles that we laid out more than six years ago, as we began our own restructuring efforts, have served us well and also provide a roadmap for continued success in the future.
We had four overarching goals for the year—goals that haven’t changed significantly over the last few years: consistently execute on our operating plans; remain focused on disciplined, profitable growth; work diligently to better leverage our leadership positions; and continue to invest in our business and our people. I’m pleased to say that we made solid progress on each of these goals in 2009, and, as a result, our market leadership remains intact, our financial position remains strong, and our company continues to be held in high regard by key stakeholders.
Our plan has been, and remains, a back-to-basics approach to business. First and foremost, we intensified our focus on our customers in everything we did, which also forced us to better define the businesses to which we could add the most value. Those in which we couldn‘t perform as well or add value, we either repositioned or exited.
We also took steps to better position our operations to be responsive and responsible in our chosen markets, which included instilling greater discipline in the pricing and underwriting of our business. This has significantly reduced the risk in our business plan. We have also worked to build a “fortress” balance sheet with a well-positioned investment portfolio and a flexible capital position that supports the business and creates shareholder value, not dilutes it.
Last, and perhaps most importantly, we wanted to be sure that through our values, culture, and business practices, we are known as a company that does the right thing. This is always important, but never more so than in an environment like today’s, where consumers, regulators and often shareholders have lost confidence in business. This back-to-basics approach has served us very well, and I’m sure as others rebuild their businesses in response to the economic and financial crisis, they may find that elements of our simple plan have application to them also.
The improvements we’ve made haven’t come easily, and they would not have been possible without the hard work and support of our 10,000 dedicated employees. I am extremely thankful for what they have done — and continue to do — to position us for a bright future.
STrONG CONNeCTIONS IN THe MArkeT
While it may seem obvious, a key tenet of our back-to-basics approach was to reaffirm our focus on serving employers and their employees through employer-sponsored benefits. By focusing on the workplace we are not only helping employers manage their
  “We also took steps to better position
our operations to be responsive and responsible in our chosen markets, which included instilling greater discipline in the pricing and underwriting of our business.”
2

                 businesses, we are also helping individuals and their families better prepare for life-changing events. We believe employer- sponsored benefits represent the single most effective way to provide workers with access to the information and options they need to protect their lifestyle and provide financial security.
Working people and their families – particularly those at middle and lower incomes who are perhaps the most vulnerable in today’s economy—are often overlooked by many providers of financial services and products. Yet in these uncertain times, the need for all employees to have access to low-cost benefits in the workplace has never been greater. For many people, employer-sponsored benefits are the primary defense against the potentially catastrophic fallout of death, illness, or injury.
We believe that employers care deeply about their employees yet need help to develop solutions to better manage the challenges they are facing in their businesses. More than ever before, employers want benefits that can help them attract and retain quality employees and manage an increasingly diverse workforce, while at the same time managing the cost pressures they feel in today’s environment.
We provide these benefits through three distinct, but similarly focused businesses — Unum US, Colonial Life, and Unum UK — which are market leaders in making disability, life, accident, and critical illness products accessible in the workplace. Protecting working people when they need it most, we paid nearly $6 billion in benefits last year to individuals and families who were impacted by life-changing events. We’re proud of our role in helping people protect their financial security.
In addition to a broad portfolio of products, with our stable, consistent presence in the market, an experienced workforce with extensive knowledge of the benefits landscape, and industry- leading customer service, we represent an attractive long-term partner for our clients. According to third-party surveys, last year we again outperformed our industry in key measures of customer and claimant satisfaction – something that has not gone unnoticed in the market.
Though we are proud of what we do today to support our customers, we can’t be complacent as their needs are rapidly changing in this environment. As a specialist in the benefits market, we have the size and scale to make the investments needed to respond to these market challenges. This past year, unlike some in our industry, we continued to invest in the business despite the challenging economic and financial environment. We’ve made significant technology investments within Unum US, for instance, in our underwriting and claim management systems, while also expanding our Simply Unum platform and the next generation of products, and improving
the training and development of our sales force. In the U.K., we re-launched our group life product and developed new products intended to further expand the group market in that country. And at Colonial Life, we developed a new enrollment system and platform and added to our product and service offering.
Our people remain our competitive advantage, and we have continued to invest in them by providing additional training and development opportunities and promoting an environment of performance through our incentive and recognition programs. We have also increased our focus on providing our management team with the resources needed to help lead this company into the future. We’re pleased that these and other efforts have been recognized by our own employees in our work environment surveys and have earned the company such external accolades as “Best Employer for Healthy Lifestyles” and one of the “Best Places to Work in Insurance.” When our people are as engaged in the business as they are, it gives me great confidence that we will continue to serve our customers well and, in doing so, build value for our shareholders.
A SOLId FINANCIAL FOuNdATION
Our businesses continued to perform well in 2009 and generally met our expectations as we delivered strong financial results for the year, with pre-tax operating income for our three primary businesses rising more than two percent to a record $1.3 billion.
• Operating income for unum uS, our largest business, increased 13 percent to $775 million with continued improvement in the group disability as well as the supplemental and voluntary benefits lines, as we continued to benefit from our shift to more profitable sectors of the market, favorable claims experience, and disciplined underwriting and pricing.
Total Shareholder Return 2005 – 2009
 17.6%
 2.1%
-5.4%
   Unum S&P 500
S&P Life & Health
 3

                 To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Colleagues: continued
Earnings Per Share*
is a valuable asset in today’s environment. With this, we were one of the few insurance companies to receive a ratings upgrade over the last year. While we will continue to take a conservative approach to managing our capital in this environment, it is also important to remember that we have a history of returning capital to shareholders when appropriate, with a 10-percent dividend increase last year preceded by a share repurchase program the previous year. We will continue to manage our capital in a way that supports the business and the needs of all stakeholders.
Although our stock appreciated a modest seven percent in 2009, which was slightly below our peers, our three- and five-year total returns continue to outperform not only our peers but also the broader S&P 500. Our goal is to continue to create long-term shareholder value, and I remain convinced that we will continue to do so by generating consistent, profitable growth while maintaining a strong, flexible financial position.
A CuLTure OF reSpONSIbILITy
I maintained earlier that being viewed as a company that always does the right thing is important, but never more so than at this time. Today, that defines your “brand” perhaps more than anything else, including financial results. Throughout its history, Unum has fostered a culture of responsibility, starting with what we do to serve our customers during their time of need and extending to the role we play in our communities, the commitment we have to protecting the environment, and the work we do to foster cooperation between the public and private sector.
We strongly believe that high-performing companies can and should take an active role in giving back to their communities, and last year Unum donated more than $6.6 million to charitable organizations throughout the U.S. and the U.K., including more than $1.2 million of employee contributions through our matching gifts program. In addition to giving generously, our employees also lent countless hours of their time to thousands of needy organizations.
These benefit a wide array of organizations, with a special focus on disabilities, health and wellness, the arts and, most significantly, public education. In the past year alone, our public education efforts have helped thousands of individuals through organizations like South High Community School in Worcester, Mass., the Boys & Girls Club of the Midlands in Columbia, S.C., Principal Leadership Academy in Chattanooga, Tenn., and Jobs for Maine’s Graduates.
We are also conscious of the environment in all that we do. In 2009, we made further reductions in our carbon footprint by recycling more than 3.3 million pounds of paper and cardboard, adopting a green cleaning program and reducing our overall electricity usage by more than nine percent—all of which
(excluding special items)
$2.21 $1.64 $1.80
2005 2006 2007 2008
*See the previous discussion of non-GAAP financial measures
 $2.51 $2.57
     2009
 4
• unum uk reported operating income of $250 million, a decline from prior year results that was driven primarily by lower premium income and continued weakening of the exchange rate.
• Operating income at Colonial Life increased nearly five percent to $281 million, with continued strong margins and premium persistency, as well as strong new account growth.
The steps we’ve taken to diversify our business, take a more disciplined approach to pricing and underwriting, and strengthen our investment portfolio have served us extremely well. We have not been completely immune to current economic pressures, however. Premium income for the year was below our long-term expectations as many of our existing customers experienced lower employment levels which adversely impacted our premium levels. Despite this pressure, I continue to be encouraged by the underlying trends we’re seeing in new customer accounts and persistency, both of which are positive signs that we continue to have a strong value proposition and that we should see premium growth resume when employment conditions improve.
Our investment portfolio once again performed well in 2009 with the quality remaining strong, which is quite an accomplishment in this environment. Our emphasis on sound risk management in our portfolio, including credit and interest rate management, has positioned us well and generally reduced the volatility in our results, while also avoiding exposure to the asset classes that became a drain on capital and liquidity for others in our industry.
We also continued to build balance sheet strength and a strong and flexible capital position in 2009. Our capital strength

                   helped earn us a place on Newsweek magazine’s inaugural list of the top 100 “Greenest Companies in America.”
Today it’s essential that all companies take a more active role in the political process, and we have certainly risen to the call. Our commitment has taken many forms but has been especially targeted toward educating policymakers in both the U.S. and U.K. on the role our industry plays in protecting people’s financial well-being. Working people today face dangerous gaps in their financial security, and we at Unum are advocates for continued cooperation between the public and private sectors to address this critical need. Many individuals who have protection against financial uncertainty acquire that protection through the workplace, and we commend employers for the critical role they play in providing this access to benefits. We are proud to be in this business and will continue to work closely with policymakers to help them recognize its importance. Decisions in Congress and Parliament can have a significant impact on our markets and our customers, and I can assure you we are engaged in the process.
LOOkING AHeAd
This remains an unforgiving environment particularly for financial services companies. Many will not only struggle to regain their financial foothold, they will continue to battle
to restore trust and confidence on the part of many of their stakeholders. Unfortunately, often there isn’t a simple or immediate fix, and confidence is restored gradually over time through performance — performance achieved by getting back to the basics, focusing on customers, and developing
a sustainable business plan—something that has served us well since 2003.
Risk-Based Capital*
382% 344% 332%
308% 299%
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
*Combined RBC for Traditional U.S. Insurance Subsidiaries
“...we enter 2010 with a strong connection to our markets and well-designed business plans, as well as a continued focus on consistent, disciplined execution of these plans, a solid financial foundation and significant financial flexibility.”
Because of these actions, we enter 2010 with a strong connection to our markets and sound business plans, as well as a continued focus on consistent, disciplined execution of these plans, a solid financial foundation and significant financial flexibility. We intend to stay with what has served us well throughout this challenging environment, including staying close to our customers and capitalizing on opportunities as they emerge. While there are some clear signs of an economic recovery, unemployment in both the U.S. and the U.K. remains high — which will certainly impact our ability to grow — yet I have never been more confident in our future.
We have delivered strong performance in some of the most uncertain times any of us have ever experienced, which gives me great confidence in our ability to capitalize on our position in the marketplace. To do so, though, we will need to continue to focus on the basics, a strategy that has served our customers, employees, and shareholders well, and includes:
• A commitment to maintaining a strategy focused on meeting  the ever-changing needs of customers, regulators, and all of our stakeholders;
• A focus on discipline and risk management — something  that has served us well and, when absent, has proven to be the downfall of many in this environment;
• Maintaining a “fortress” balance sheet able to support our  business needs and a source of value to our shareholders; and
• Continuing to be a company noted for its commitment to  do the right things—for customers, the communities in which we operate, our employees, and all those who put their faith in our company.
I want to close by thanking all of our employees for their continued dedication to delivering on our commitments to our stakeholders, to our board of directors for their wise counsel and support, and to our shareholders for continuing to show your support of the company. For our part, I’m confident that if we continue to execute on our business plans, we can build on the progress we’ve made over the last few years and continue to create long-term value for our stakeholders.
On behalf of all of us at Unum, I’d like to thank you for your continued support of our company.
Regards,
Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
        5
