                                  Tom Watjen
President and chief executive officer Unum group
 To oUr STockholderS, cUSTomerS and colleagUeS
In every respect, 2007 was a year of significant accomplishment for Unum.
Through the efforts of our 10,000 talented and dedicated employees in the United States and United Kingdom, we made solid progress in just about every area of the company and, in the process, continued to build on the momentum that we have established over the past few years. As a result, Unum is a stronger company today than at any other point in its history.
a Year of ProgreSS
We met or exceeded our objectives in most of the areas of the company in 2007; and I would specifically like to highlight the following:
• All of our businesses performed well as we delivered strong financial results throughout the year
• We further strengthened our balance sheet, including closing the year with $1 billion in holding company liquidity
• Our investment portfolio quality is excellent and yielded solid returns despite challenging financial markets
• Weformalizedacapitalmanagementstrategythat balances the needs of our company, stockholders and other stakeholders
• Were-brandedUnumtobetterdescribethe company we are today
All in all, 2007 was an outstanding year for Unum as we strengthened both our operations and financial position. In doing so, we enter 2008 better prepared for an uncertain economic environment.
4
While all of our businesses performed well during the year, I am particularly encouraged by the improvement in profitability we achieved in Unum US. Pretax operating earnings for this unit increased significantly over the previous year, driven largely by improvements in claims management within our group long-term disability business.
In addition, both Unum UK and Colonial Life again generated record earnings in 2007. Unum UK is a leading employee benefits provider in the United Kingdom and continues to capitalize on an underpenetrated income protection market. Colonial Life is one of the nation’s leading providers of voluntary benefits with broad expertise in one-to-one benefits communication.
The contributions of these three businesses resulted in pretax operating income for our ongoing businesses of more than $1 billion in 2007, a first for Unum.
Our investment results for the year were solid as well. Overall, our portfolio is in excellent shape, with historically low levels of high-yield bonds, no exposure to subprime mortgages and virtually no exposure to the asset classes troubling financial institutions today. In spite of this, we recognize the need to continuously monitor our position in what will likely remain a challenging environment throughout 2008.
I am also pleased that for the first time in several years we began to generate excess capital. We ended 2007 with liquidity in excess of $1 billion, well above what we need to cover fixed costs and provide a cushion for business and economic volatility. Although our
  
                                 first priority is to maintain a strong overall financial position, our financial flexibility allowed us to begin to undertake our previously announced $700 million share repurchase, an action that we believe will benefit all of our stakeholders.
Finally, we “reintroduced” Unum to the marketplace in 2007 through a brand redesign that better describes how we benefit businesses and their employees and is, at the same time, a more accurate reflection of the company we are today. Feedback from the marketplace has been very positive as we create better brand awareness and a more positive image of the company.
All in all, 2007 was an outstanding year for Unum as we strengthened both our operations and financial position. In doing so, we are better prepared for an uncertain economic environment.
A ChAllenging And RApidly
ChAnging enviRonment
As we enter 2008, we do so with less risk to our business as a result of the actions we have taken to better position our company, including improving the quality of our investment portfolio, further diversifying our business, building a stronger operational platform and developing greater access to the capital markets. These actions, along with our solid business plans and a better awareness of the risks inherent in those plans, will serve us well in this environment. Moving forward, we will continue to refine our risk management principles and further embed them into our corporate culture.
Corporate America in general, and the financial services industry in particular, are under more scrutiny today than perhaps they have ever been. Regulators, political leaders and consumers are all demanding more of our industry. We’ve learned a lot over the past several years, and we believe our values, culture and business practices are well-aligned with today’s expectations. Above all, we recognize the importance of transparency and openness in everything we do.
At Unum, we have spent the last several years working closely with regulators to implement enhanced claim practices. We have also been a leader in establishing improved disclosure of sales compensation. We are working hard to ensure our products, services and practices anticipate market changes and, as a result, exceed expectations. We plan to be an industry leader in this regard.
Webelievethereisanopportunitytoworkmoreclosely with our political leaders – not with narrow special interests inmind–butratherinapartnershiptoaddresssomeof society’s broader issues. We understand that our variousstakeholdersexpectmore,andweareprepared to take an active and visible role in bringing together public/private solutions.
While the current environment features great demands and challenges, it also creates unique opportunities – opportunities that closely parallel Unum’s strategic focus and vision.
To begin with, healthcare costs have skyrocketed in recent years and continue to rise. In response, employers are increasingly cost-sharing with their employees. With higher costs and deductibles, employees need more help and education to understand the choices they face.
While the current environment features great demands and challenges, it also creates unique opportunities – opportunities that closely parallel Unum’s strategic focus and vision.
Additionally, Americans are spending more than they earn. Savings rates have dropped to levels not seen since the Great Depression. People have less of a personal safety net in the event of illness or injury, making the need for our solutions more important than ever.
At the same time, workforce demographics are rapidly changing. The population is aging, and employees are retiring later. In fact, for the first time there are four distinct generations in the workforce. This presents a number of challenges for employers, including how to attract and retain quality employees and how to maximize the productivity of a diverse workforce. Clearly, a one-size-fits-all model for benefits will no longer work.
I know of no other benefits provider as uniquely positioned to capitalize on these opportunities as Unum. We have a strong base from which to build and a number of initiatives under way to meet these evolving needs.
positioned foR the futuRe
The theme of this year’s annual report is “future ready,” which, as we mark our 160th year in business, appropri- ately expresses how we feel about the opportunities that lie ahead and our readiness to capitalize on them. As we look to the future, it’s important to recognize that Unum is a different company today from what it was five short years ago:
• Wehavemorediversifiedearningswithgreater sources of growth
• Ourbusinessismoredisciplinedandhighly focused on specific market segments
• Wehaveastrongerandmoreflexiblefinancial platform
  5

                                 Going forward, our focus will be on continuing to invest in our business to further leverage our leadership positions into sustainable, profitable growth, particularly through an emphasis on voluntary benefits as well as product and service innovation. We are already making significant progress in both of these areas.
In Unum US, we celebrated the pilot launch last year of Simply Unum, an integrated platform of products and online services that we believe will transform the marketplace. In Unum UK, where employers and employees face similar challenges to those in the U.S., we are expanding our product portfolio to include voluntary benefits. And in Colonial Life, we believe the investment we are making in a new brand, coupled with the recent introduction of new life and health products and new enrollment capabilities, will lead to accelerated long-term growth.
But by far the most important thing we can do to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead is to consistently do the right thing to serve our customers. I am pleased that brokers and customers continue to praise our service quality and portfolio of products. Our claimants also give us high marks for our claims service and support. As with everything in our business, however, we know there are opportunities to do things better, and we will always strive for continuous improvement.
Focus on PeoPle
We are proud of what we do as a company and the role our products and services play in supporting broader social needs. In fact, we paid over $6 billion last year alone to individuals and families at a time when they were impacted by illness, injury or even death. We help people – and every one of our 10,000 employees make that happen every day.
We are also proud of our people and recognize the role a positive work environment plays in attracting and retaining the best talent. Last year, we increased our emphasis on professional and leadership development for our employees, launching a number of initiatives that will allow them to further develop their skills. On that note, we are pleased with what our employees think about the company – they tell us they are not only proud to work for Unum, but also they clearly understand and are fully aligned with our vision and business strategy.
education initiatives because we know that creating well-rounded, civic-minded students today helps build the strong leaders of tomorrow.
By far the most important thing we can do to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead is to consistently do the right thing to serve our customers.
looking AheAd
In spite of the uncertain environment, there are many reasons to be optimistic about the future, and chief among them is the very strong position Unum is in today.
Going forward, our actions will follow four broad themes: • We will strive to consistently execute our
operating plans
• We will remain focused on disciplined,
profitable growth
• We will work diligently to better leverage our
leadership positions
• Wewillremaincommittedtodevelopingourpeople
By focusing on these themes, we believe we can continue to instill even greater confidence in the company among our constituents. Over the past few years, we have worked hard to produce consistent results, create a culture of openness and transparency, and demonstrate a willingness to listen and share. All of these have served us well, and we believe can be a model to follow – especially in this environment.
In closing, I am thankful for the opportunity to lead Unum, particularly at this exciting time in our evolution. Our performance last year is a testament to the hard work and determination of our employees, as well as to the many stakeholders who share in our success. I am confident that, by continuing to execute on our business plan, we will add to this success and, in the process, further solidify our leadership position in employee benefits and continue to create value for our stockholders.
On behalf of our board of directors and all of us at Unum, thank you for your continued support of our company.
Sincerely,
  We recognize it is important to take an active role in our communities through both financial support and volunteer- ism. In 2007, Unum donated more than $6 million to well-deserving charitable organizations throughout the U.S. and the U.K. Although we support a broad array of organizations, we are particularly focused on public
 6
