FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
The beginning of a new year is generally a time to reflect back on
the events that have passed and think forward to the possibilities of tomorrow. Looking at 2003, the year began with economic uncertainty and global unrest, but ended with the positive momentum of an improving economy and emerging international stability. Through it all, Union Pacific has stayed the course and posted solid results, leveraging our assets to produce profitable, top-line growth through the consistency of our Yield Strategy and application of our quality processes.
 2003 RECAP
The two big challenges for Union Pacific in 2003 continued to be the cost of fuel and the uncertain economy. Energy prices remained stubbornly high throughout the year, increasing our 2003 expenses by $255 million and putting cost pressure on many of our customers, especially in the chemical industry. The good news, however, is that we improved our recovery mechanism with an innovative fuel surcharge program. In 2003, our surcharges offset nearly
44 percent of the higher fuel costs, a positive step forward and a vast improvement over historical recovery rates. Our overall commodity pricing improved more than 2 percent through a combination of value-added service offerings, favorable trends in our business mix and the surcharges.
Despite economic headwinds during the first part of the year, Union Pacific’s great franchise and execution of our Yield Strategy helped the Company attain a number of volume and revenue records in 2003.
• Total carloads topped 9.2 million for the first time ever and a single-month mark was set in October, moving nearly 836,000 carloads.
• Five of the six business teams recorded their best yearly revenue.
-Energy benefited from a record 33 trains per day out of the Powder River Basin and set a new yearly high moving 177 million tons of coal.
-Intermodal achieved its record year through disciplined price increases and an increased mix of premium business.
-Industrial Products surpassed its 1994 record with revenue gains in 13 of the 16 different business segments within this group.
-Agricultural Products beat a revenue record set in 1995, gaining from a resurgent grain market and continued growth in our premium perishables service known as Express Lane. In fact, for the first time in over 30 years we have invested, and will continue to invest, in new refrigerated boxcars to support the growth opportunities in this area.
-Automotive topped last year’s record performance with an 11 percent increase in auto parts revenue, off- setting slower demand for finished vehicle shipments.
CUSTOMER FOCUS
Being a company where customers want to do business is a top priority at Union Pacific. One way of attaining that goal is by anticipating and responding to customer needs. In 2003, we demonstrated how we can help our customers be more competitive in the marketplace with the implementation of a 60-hour transcontinental service for United Parcel Service (UPS). Partnering with CSX and UPS, we are chang- ing the way parcel freight is delivered coast-to-coast. Another creative service, the “de Mex AutoFlyer,” is reliably speeding auto parts from Detroit to Mexico.
1

This new service is winning business from trucks and helping auto manufacturers reduce costs. Best of all, these offerings are an indication of the great potential we have to expand and grow in new markets through innovative product design.
While we can point to some great successes in 2003, we could have performed even better. Shortages of train crews and locomotives limited our growth potential and impacted both operating costs and service as volumes increased in the second half of the year. As we begin 2004 in anticipation of a growing economy, I’m confident that we are properly resourced and rededicated to excellent service through continuous quality improvement.
THE END OF AN ERA
Over the last 10 years, Union Pacific has gradually been divesting itself of non-rail assets. In November, we became a “pure” railroad again with the comple- tion of the Overnite initial public offering. Overnite is a great company with a terrific management team, but it shared few synergies with the Railroad. Over the last few years, we explored ways to monetize Overnite, and in 2003, the timing was right. The market for less-than-truckload companies picked up in anticipation of an economic recovery, and the Teamsters were decertified by Overnite employees
at every terminal that had previously voted for repre- sentation. The cash generated by the sale was used primarily to retire the final $500 million of the
$1.5 billion convertible preferred securities issued
by the Company in 1998 – further strengthening the Company’s balance sheet and giving us great financial flexibility.
LONG-TERM COMMITMENTS
Looking back, the weak economy and energy cost pressures of 2003 were an extension of the challeng- ing business cycle that began at the end of 2000. If you review Union Pacific’s performance during that period, the Company has clearly produced solid results despite a difficult environment.
• Rail operating revenues hit record levels each of the last three years – rising 4 percent in 2003 to a new high of $11.6 billion.
• Debt to total capitalization, adjusted for leases, decreased from 58.2 percent to 44.8 percent.
• Union Pacific’s credit ratings were upgraded by both Standard and Poor’s and Moody’s.
• Overnite was sold in 2003, generating more than $600 million of cash.
• Free cash flow after dividends, including the Overnite sale, totaled over $1.9 billion.
• The Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend by 50 percent from $0.20 to $0.30 per share.
• From December 31, 2000, to December 31, 2003, the total return on Union Pacific’s stock rose 43 percent versus a 12 percent decrease in the S&P 500.
The driving force behind this success has been our Yield Strategy and our quality commitment. Our focus on profitable revenue growth with increased asset utilization has been a winning combination. Best of all, success breeds success, positioning Union Pacific for further growth.
“The driving force behind this success has been our Yield Strategy and our quality commitment.”
KEY STAKEHOLDERS
The financial success of Union Pacific translates
into greater job security for our employees and increased value for shareholders. The face of the Union Pacific worker is changing, so we must also change how we attract and retain top-quality, diverse employees. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recognized Union Pacific with the “Healthy Workplace” award for our efforts to promote healthy lifestyles. We were also selected by Working Mother magazine as one of the top 100 employers for working mothers and named to the LATINA Style
50 for sensitivity to Latinas’ needs and goals in the workplace. Union Pacific is taking proactive steps today to ensure a quality workforce tomorrow.
  2

At a time when shareholders are looking for strong corporate governance, I am especially pleased to report that our corporate audit staff was one of eight internal audit departments worldwide to receive the International Institute of Internal Auditors’ Commitment to Quality Improvement Award. Additionally, the recent Corporate Governance Quotient issued by Institutional Shareholder Services places Union Pacific in the 98th percentile of S&P 500 companies and first in the transportation sector.
A driving force behind Union Pacific’s strong corporate governance ranking has been our Board of Directors. The Board will see some changes in 2004,
“We are using quality service and productivity to further increase the profitability of our business and enhance shareholder value.”
as two of our valued members step down due to
the Board’s mandatory retirement age. Ebby Gerry has been on the Board since 1986 and leaves his
post as chair of the Finance Committee, having both strengthened the Company’s balance sheet and increased the dividend to shareholders. Dick Mahoney joined the Board in 1991 and was instrumental in helping develop Union Pacific’s strong reputation for corporate governance as the chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. The contributions of both men will
be greatly missed. I am pleased to welcome Mike McConnell as our newest board member. Mike is the managing partner at Brown Brothers Harriman & Company and brings a great business perspective to our Board.
We also made some changes to our management structure, electing Ike Evans Vice Chairman and
Jim Young to succeed Ike as President of the Railroad. They will join me in the newly created “Office of the Chairman,” which formalizes our strong working relationship. Ike, Jim and I are a team whose skills
complement each other very well. Rob Knight will succeed Jim as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This new organization continues our efforts toward operational excellence, financial integrity and strong corporate governance.
2004: LOOKING FORWARD
Looking ahead, we see both opportunities and challenges again in 2004. The economic outlook
is optimistic, and we’re hopeful that the recent economic upswing will sustain itself. That said, energy costs remain a wild card and could dampen expectations. Regardless of the external factors, we will maintain our focus on running a profitable and efficient Railroad.
Union Pacific is positioned for growth. We have
the best rail franchise in North America, a solid infrastructure, a talented management team and an unrelenting focus on quality. Our balance sheet is strong – giving us the flexibility to take advantage of the opportunities ahead. We are dedicated to meeting customer commitments and partnering with them to provide innovative services that meet their needs.
We are also working to bring new customers to our Railroad. We are using quality service and productiv- ity to further increase the profitability of our business and enhance shareholder value.
Our employees take pride in their work and are committed to converting today’s opportunity into tomorrow’s reality – making Union Pacific an even better company.
Dick Davidson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   3
