 1 UNION PACIFIC
 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
 In 2002, Union Pacific raised the bar – celebrating our 140th anniversary with a record performance. We remained true to our corporate vision and, as a result, we had a tremendous year.
  Our annual report will detail the accomplishments of 2002, but let me share some of the highlights:
Commitments Made and Kept
Our targets for 2002 were to achieve 1 to 3 percent revenue growth, a rail-operating ratio below 80 percent, free cash flow of $350 million to $450 million, and improved returns. I’m pleased to report Union Pacific met every goal.
‚ Revenuesgrew4percenttoa record $12.5 billion, with solid increases at both the railroad and Overnite.
‚ ExcludingOvernite,thecompany lowered its operating ratio to 79.8 percent – the first year we’ve been below 80 percent since the SP merger.
‚ Freecashflowafterdividends totaled $528 million.
‚ Returnontotalcapitalimproved.
These achievements resulted in record net income of $1.34 billion or $5.05 diluted earnings per share. Even excluding land sales to the Utah Transit Authority and Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority, as well as various tax adjustments, diluted earnings per share rose by 14 percent. We are building value for our shareholders
  by using increased profits to reduce debt levels and raise our dividend by 15 percent.
The stock market was turbulent in 2002, buffeted by the sluggish economy and several inexcusable instances of corporate fraud. Still, Union Pacific’s stock price increased for the third straight year – rising 5 percent from $57 to nearly $60 per share, compared to a 23 percent decrease in the S&P 500.
Defining the Yield Strategy
Union Pacific’s revenue growth has outpaced the nation’s Gross
Domestic Product (GDP) every year since 1999. The key has been the implementation of our Yield Strategy. The strategy’s major components are simple:
‚ providepremiumservicefora premium price,
‚ achieveamixofbusinessthat maximizes profitability,
‚ leveragevolumeacrossthesystem, ‚ increaseproductivitybyworking
smarter, and
‚ maximize asset utilization.
(continued on page 2)
 From left, Leo Suggs, chairman, Overnite Corporation, Dick Davidson, chairman and chief executive officer, Union Pacific Corporation, and Ike Evans, president and chief operating officer, Union Pacific Railroad.
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 2
 Union Pacific’s stock price increased for the third straight year – rising 5 percent from $57 to nearly $60 per share, compared to a 23 percent decrease in the S&P 500.
 In all, our yield strategy is lever- aging greater value and improved returns from our superior rail franchise.
Service Reliability and Efficiency
Service reliability and efficiency are the linchpins of the yield strategy. Through a combination of new product development, corridor initiatives and alliances, we’re building service reliability in an effort to capture market share from trucks. The economies of rail beat truck almost every time. Our challenge is to provide “truck-like” service and reliability.
We continually work to improve reliability. We’re narrowing the service gap and customers are rewarding us with their business. Some of the statistics we use to evaluate our service reached record levels for the “new” Union Pacific in 2002: Service Delivery
   Index, Train Plan Compliance, Customer Satisfaction Index and To/From Industry Compliance.
Our record service performance was coupled with record business volumes – transporting 6.1 million vehicles, 1.5 billion board feet of lumber, 241 million tons of coal, 32.3 million tons of rock, and nearly 1.6 million international steamship containers. And, in keeping with our great history of productivity improvements, these volumes were moved with fewer resources. During a time of increased car- loadings, cycle-time improvements actually enabled a 7,000-car reduction in freight cars on line.
Quality Focus
We’re building our reputation
as a quality service provider. During 2002, we became a three- time winner of Toyota’s President’s Logistics Award and DaimlerChrysler’s Gold Award. UPS Autogistics named us “Carrier of the Year” for our service to Ford, and we won GM’s Mark of Excellence Award and Supplier of the Year Award. In early 2003,
GM recognized Union Pacific as one of only eight suppliers, world- wide, for outstanding service.
Through our Cost of Quality program, we proactively monitor the cost of not doing things right the first time (failure costs). We work daily to eliminate these unnecessary expenses. Using quality and process improve- ments, we identified failure cost savings of $133 million in 2002 – furthering our belief that it costs less to run a quality company. And, our quality efforts were recognized by our selection as a finalist for the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award for the second straight year.
Corporate Responsibility
Not only are we raising the bar operationally, Union Pacific is also setting itself apart in the cor- porate governance arena. Over the past several years, we’ve adopted corporate governance “best practices” and we will con- tinue to examine our policies to promote effective governance. (continued on page 4)
 UP’s Energy business generated 22 percent of all revenue. In 2002, UP hauled 241 million tons of coal, an all-time best.
   Employee Productivity
GTM (MIL) PER EMPLOYEE
20.0 18.7
17.3
99 00 01 02
    Union Pacific Railroad
21.4
 
PREMIER RAIL FRANCHISE LEVERAGES GROWTH
Union Pacific is North America’s largest railroad, covering the western two-thirds of the United States. This premier rail franchise serves large Gulf Coast chemical-producing and western coal-producing areas, all major West Coast ports and gateways to Mexico and Canada.
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 4
 Revenues grew 4 percent to a record $12.5 billion, free cash flow after dividends totaled $528 million and return on total capital improved.
 We are setting ourselves apart as a corporate leader – building communities in a small way through our Principals’ Partnership program. This new program, focused on secondary education leaders working in our service territory, has already received an overwhelming response. As we continue to roll out the program across our system, we’re reinforcing a vital link to our communities and to our future.
World-Class Employees
I’ve been privileged to work for Union Pacific for 43 years. I enjoy meeting with employees and dis- cussing our company’s future. This year, members of our senior team visited every service unit, talking to employees about their jobs and their ideas. We saw firsthand the building pride within the UP family. As a company, our bench strength has never been greater. We’ve promoted talented individ- uals from within and recruited great folks from other industries to provide fresh perspectives.
  Overnite Corporation
Overnite also had a tremendous 2002 despite tough market condi- tions. Leveraging its expanded service area, Overnite is building networks. It’s accessing new mar- kets with great success – attaining revenue and net income levels that haven’t been seen since 1994. The year also marked the end of the Teamsters’ three-year strike against Overnite and a competitor’s forced closure provided new business opportunities.
Looking Ahead
Union Pacific’s future has never been brighter. Our unparalleled franchise cannot be replicated, and our yield strategy will help us achieve continued success.
Undoubtedly, 2003 will have challenges. The economic picture remains cloudy, threats of war continue to loom and investor confidence remains shaken. We cannot control these factors, but we can control our focus – margin improvement, increased returns and strong free cash flow.
Free Cash Flow (After Dividends)
$ MILLIONS
   $57
$250 $217
$528
 99 00 01 02
Union Pacific Corporation
We will build on our strong tradition of total quality management, recognizing that quality processes are vital to the cycles of improvement making Union Pacific a better company, one where:
Customers want to do business, Employees are proud to work, and Shareholdervalueiscreated. n
  Dick Davidson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  