FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Our performance in 2001 demonstrated the strength of our franchise, the soundness of our strategy and the value of our service. In a difficult economic environment, our business remained stable, achieving solid financial results. A few key highlights:
• Net income was a record $966 million.
• Diluted earnings per share increased 4% to $3.77, excluding the impact of the
work force reduction charge in 2000, and gained momentum in the last half of
the year, with earnings per share up 11% over second half 2000.
• Total revenue rose 1% to a record $12 billion, with increases at both the Railroad
and Overnite.
• Despite the downturn in the economy, volume at the Railroad grew to a record
8.92 million carloads. Our diverse business mix paid off with strength in energy
and agricultural products offsetting the more economically sensitive commodities.
• Free cash flow increased for the third consecutive year to $250 million. This
enabled us to continue to reduce debt, driving the debt to total capitalization ratio down by three percentage points.
• Our stock price increased 12% in 2001, capping a two-year period during which
the price increased 30% compared to a 22% decline in the S&P 500 and a 52% reduction in the NASDAQ Composite Index.
We have the most powerful franchise in the rail industry, and our challenge
is to leverage this franchise with the right strategy. Our strategy is focused on balanced growth, advances in customer service and continuous productivity
improvement. Our employees are at the heart of bringing this strategy to life,
leading the way with creative, innovative and intelligent solutions to the challenges
of our business.
GROWTH
We believe we will continue to grow revenue faster than the economy by focusing
on three components: market, price and penetration – all backed by solid service.
It’s a disciplined approach made actionable by targeting specific customers and markets – with the right products and service to drive yield improvement.
We assume that the market is going to grow at basically the same rate as the
economy overall, but we believe our franchise provides access to some markets,
such as Mexico and the booming southwestern United States, that are going to
grow faster. On the price front, our agenda is aggressive.While price improvement
is the most efficient way to grow the bottom line, it must be based on products
and value-added services that customers recognize as best in class – and that’s
exactly what we’re providing. And, on top of that, we’ve got our sights set on
growing market share by converting highway business to railroad business on the Union Pacific.We’re using quality principles to design and launch services that
meet customer requirements with a high degree of reliability. In 2001 our new
services were very successful, with revenue growth of 15%.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Reliable, consistent service is the key to penetrating new markets and growing business with our existing customers.We’ve established alliances with the other railroads to more effectively meet customer needs and introduce competitive new services. For example, our “Express Lane” for perishables running from California and the Pacific Northwest to points along the East Coast is partnered with the
CSX. In 2001, it was 90% on time and had revenue growth of 12%. In addition,
the “Blue Streak” intermodal service running from Los Angeles to Atlanta, and

points beyond, interchanges with the Norfolk Southern and has been virtually
sold out since its inception due to its 99% on-time performance.
In 2001 we enhanced the ease of doing business for our customers by increasing
our use of technology. At the National Customer Service Center, we implemented
a voice recognition system, an industry first, which allows customers to release
cars 24 hours a day with just a phone call.We plan to add more functionality
in 2002 due to the extremely positive customer response. Additionally, feedback
from customer focus groups drove a simplification of our Web pages,
yielding a 95% increase in customer Internet transactions and earning Union
Pacific the top ranking for a transportation/shippingWeb site from B2B magazine. PRODUCTIVITY
We enter 2002 leaner and with a sharper focus than ever on efficiency throughout
our operations. Employee productivity reached an all-time high in 2001, and we
should see continued improvement as we leverage volume growth when the economy rebounds.
Our assets were also more productive in 2001. Our continuing locomotive
modernization program was a key contributor with 500 new units acquired and
over 700 units retired. Maintenance costs decreased dramatically and the fuel consumption rate reached its best level in our history. Longer, heavier trains resulted
in a 5% increase in average carloads per train.
Our focus on quality processes has driven these successes. Union Pacific Railroad
was a finalist for the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award in 2001 and
the feedback we received about areas of strength and opportunities for improvement
will fuel our ongoing efforts.
OVERNITE
The recession had a significant impact on the trucking industry in 2001, but
Overnite’s employees turned in some of the best financial results in the industry,
through their focus on profitable revenue growth and on-time performance.
Operating income at Overnite improved 2% to $54 million in 2001, with record
revenue of $1.13 billion.
Improved transit times in over 3,000 lanes, complemented by the recent addition
of Motor Cargo Industries, enhance Overnite’s one- and two-day service
lanes, and provide opportunities for revenue growth and improved efficiency.
LOOKING AHEAD
2001 will be remembered as a difficult year – a recession, high fuel prices and,
most tragically, the events of September 11. But through it all, our employees rose
to these challenges. They worked harder than ever in 2001 and reached beyond
themselves to donate over a quarter of a million dollars to the September 11 relief
effort, which the company matched dollar for dollar. The dedication, commitment
and pride of our employees is one of the keys to our continued success and
I’d like to thank all of them for their tremendous efforts. Seeking to retain and
motivate our work force, we are looking for innovative approaches to work/life
issues throughout the company. I am especially pleased that Working Mother magazine recognized these efforts in 2001 by naming Union Pacific one of the top 100
employers for working mothers.
I’d also like to add my special thanks to Bob Bauman, who retired from our
board of directors in April after 14 years of leadership and guidance. At the same
time, I’m pleased to welcome Dr. Ernesto Zedillo, former president of Mexico, to
our board. He brings a great deal of knowledge and experience that will help us
continue to grow our business both north and south of the border.

As we look to the future, we believe that our company is well positioned to
meet the near-term economic challenges and continue to grow and prosper. Our
vision remains unchanged: To make Union Pacific a company where customers
want to do business, employees are proud to work and value is created for shareholders. By leveraging the strength of our franchise, we believe we can continue to
deliver financial success and superior returns to our shareholders for many years
to come.
