Dear fellow shareowners,
Every minute around the world, UPS delivers another 9,800 packages. Every minute around the world, UPS connects 4,900 buyers with 1,400 sellers. Every minute around the world, UPS is entrusted with two percent of global gross domestic product.*
Most importantly, every minute around the world, we see international trade surging forward at an unprecedented pace, reaffirming what we've known for quite some time. There's no better time, no better industry, and no better company to capitalize on a world coming closer together through commerce. package business. In fact, small package delivery is perhaps the most integral part of the supply chain. In many cases, it represents the coveted "last mile" to the consumer.

Highlights of 2004
In 2004, UPS strengthened our industry-leading, global small package position. We delivered a record number of packages -- almost 3.6 billion -- an increase of more than 150 million over 2003. Revenue for the year increased 9 percent, and earnings were up 15 percent. Our international small package operation exhibited particular strength, with revenue up 22 percent, profitability up 58 percent, and volume up 7 percent. The export market (packages that cross a national border) has been a focus of our international efforts. Export volume increased 12 percent, led by both Europe and Asia, particularly China. In 2004, we were pleased to be awarded 12 new frequencies to fly to China. These frequencies triple our access to this important trade market. In addition, we concluded an agreement that will give us control of our express operations in China by the end of 2005. Our U.S. domestic operations posted improvements, too, with volume up 3.3 percent. Revenue increased over 6 percent and profits increased 2 percent. Pricing was firm in the United States, but operating margin declined slightly. This reflects, in part, investment in a new technology that will re-engineer our U.S. domestic operations and a slowing volume growth rate in the fourth quarter.
   

Our Operating Environment
In last year's annual report, we talked about a world poised for economic growth and UPS as a company that would help enable that growth. A year later, the world is more than poised. In 2004, global trade activity grew 10.2 percent, well ahead of 2003's jump of 4.5 percent, and even surpassing the boom years of 1995 through 2000.** A vibrant global economy creates new businesses and new jobs, as well as increased wealth, consumer power, and a substantially better quality of life for billions of people around the world -- all of which generates greater demand for UPS services. The global small package delivery business is growing along with the boom in international trade. This trend won't abate any time soon. Today, 20 percent of all manufactured goods cross borders. By 2020, it's estimated that 80 percent of these goods will cross borders, much of it through small package networks.*** At the same time, with markets opening and economies growing, supply chains are becoming increasingly global. These trends support UPS's vision of synchronizing the flow of goods, information, and funds -- the three flows of commerce. In addition to providing new sources of revenue and profit, our supply chain business complements and strengthens the solid foundation of our small

UPS Annual Report 2004

3



Selected Financial Results
       






  

         

                  



                                       

  

             

   

                 

We made significant progress in deploying our new package flow technology. Productivity and service reliability improvements are apparent in the majority of the sites where the new technology is operational. However, we will retrain some of the sites that are not achieving the improvements that are possible. And, of course, we'll continue deploying the technology in new sites. Slowing growth trends in the fourth quarter also impacted U.S. domestic operating margin. We are addressing this issue through growth initiatives and cost control measures. Growth initiatives focus on products, services, and technology geared to middlemarket customers. Prudent cost control measures should enable the company to adjust to lower volume growth trends and still achieve our targeted earnings improvement.

Non-package revenue was up 10 percent, and profits increased $59 million. The largest component of this segment is UPS Supply Chain Solutions (SCS). SCS achieved a 10 percent increase in revenue, with a low-single-digit operating margin. SCS enables us to move any type of freight, by any mode, anywhere in the world. Through this business we manage warehouses and distribution networks, handle the complexities of customs brokerage, and frequently rely on the capabilities of our small package network for package delivery. Since 1999, we've successfully integrated over 15 acquisitions to develop our global supply chain presence -- now in 175 countries -- and added to its scope of service with the acquisition of Menlo Worldwide Forwarding late in the fourth quarter of last year.

4

UPS Annual Report 2004

Our Growth Opportunities
We believe that prevailing global economic conditions provide a framework for continued growth in the United States and abroad for both the small package and supply chain operations. In fact, we expect to sustain the earnings growth track record we've established over the last three decades. Throughout that timeframe, earnings have increased at a compounded annual rate of over 15 percent. Our unique, integrated global business model is critical to our success. UPS is the only company in our industry that has one operating network for all types of shipments: domestic, international, air, ground, commercial, residential. This makes for economies of scope and scale that improve operating efficiency as well as customer service. In addition, the UPS culture is based on the owner/management philosophy through which over 30,000 active management employees have significant investments in UPS stock. A large percentage of our full-time nonmanagement employees also maintain ownership positions in UPS. This breeds a decision-making mentality that's long-term in focus, centered on achieving strong returns on invested capital, and a work ethic that's characterized by dedication. Having "skin in the game" is a great motivator to align employee interests with public shareowners' interests. As a result, we generate consistent, superior returns, and are in excellent financial condition. UPS is one of only a handful of companies with a AAA credit rating from both Standard & Poor's and Moody's. At the end of 2004, we had cash and investments of almost $5.2 billion.

Our strong financial position enables us to reinvest in the business to enhance our operations, improve service, add new products, and expand our geographic presence. It also enables us to increase shareowner value through an on-going share repurchase program and regular dividend increases -- up 22 percent in 2004 and 65 percent since 2000. Going forward here's what you can expect from UPS in 2005 and beyond. We will: n Manage our entire business enterprise to preserve the consistency in revenue and earnings growth that we've established over the years; n Grow our market share in the global small package business; n Increase operating profit in each of our three key businesses: U.S. domestic, international, and supply chain; n And do this while maintaining a sustainable approach to running our business that considers the social, environmental, and economic consequences of our business practices. As we enter 2005, business is moving to the tempo of an expanding global economy. UPS is ideally positioned to thrive in this environment every minute around the world.

Michael L. Eskew Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

*International Monetary Fund World Outlook **World Bank *** McKinsey and Company

UPS Annual Report 2004

5

