 CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
we’re moving ahead
The year 2007 was particularly memorable for UPS. We celebrated 100 years of service, negotiated an historic labor contract, and developed a new financial policy — announced in January 2008 — aimed at enhancing shareowner value.
On August 28, we marked the centennial anniversary of our founding. We celebrated our 100th year of service in our birthplace, Seattle, Washington, by recognizing the people who made it possible — our founders, our valued customers, and current and retired employees.
Shortly thereafter, we reached a labor agreement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, covering more than 240,000 UPS employees, 10 months ahead of the July 2008 expiration of our current contract. The new contract extends through July 2013, ensuring service continuity for our customers.
The labor agreement satisfactorily resolved the issues we identified as significant when negotiations began.
It does so at a manageable cost to UPS, while providing us the flexibilities we need to remain competitive in the marketplace. In short, we believe this is a good contract for our employees, our customers and our shareowners.
UPS’s new financial policy will enable the company to migrate to a more efficient capital structure. After studying our options for some time, we determined we could significantly increase the debt component of the balance sheet and enhance shareowner value by reducing the company’s cost of capital.
We intend to manage our balance sheet to a target ratio within a range of 50 to 60 percent of funds from opera- tions to total debt. At the end of 2007, we were at
75 percent. The new policy permits us to increase investments in the business, undertake larger share repurchases and pursue growth opportunities.
In line with this new policy, the Board of Directors increased stock repurchase authorization to $10 billion. We intend to complete the share repurchases by the end of 2009. Timing will depend on market conditions.
UPS has a long-standing commitment to a very strong balance sheet and that will not change. We are putting our balance sheet strength to work to deploy capital more efficiently for the benefit of our shareowners, while maintaining a great deal of financial flexibility.
INVESTING IN THE FUTURE
In addition to these noteworthy events, in 2007 UPS:
• Delivered record revenue, operating profit and diluted earnings per share, when adjusted for the impact of several one-time charges
• Maintained our industry-leading adjusted operating margin
• Invested in the company’s future through new services and technology, infrastructure expansion and aircraft
• Returned significant amounts of cash to our share- owners: $1.7 billion in dividends and $2.6 billion to repurchase 35.9 million shares of stock
GLOBAL SMALL PACKAGE NETWORK
Worldwide, UPS delivered a record number of packages — 3.97 billion. In the United States, slower GDP growth in 2007 than in recent years restrained the pace of volume growth. Even so, we experienced the highest volume in history, and pricing remained firm. Revenue increased 1.7 percent to $31.0 billion. However, the U.S. Package segment reported a $1.5 billion loss for the year, as a result of a $6.1 billion pre-tax payment as part of the new labor agreement to withdraw approximately 45,000 UPS Teamster employees from their pension plan and set up a new, jointly trusteed plan. Without this payment and other one-time charges, operating profit for the U.S. domestic operation would have been $4.8 billion.
3

 In a slow-growth economic environment, cost control is essential, and UPS people did an excellent job in this area. Workers’ compensation expense was down signif- icantly, a consequence of reducing work-related injuries by almost 50 percent since 2002 to 1.6 per 100,000 hours, a win-win for our employees’ well-being and
for the bottom line.
Internationally, UPS experienced 10.4 percent export volume growth, more than twice the rate of overall economic expansion. Our international operations reported the highest revenue and operating profit ever. Revenue was up 13.1 percent to $10.3 billion with operating profit improving 7.1 percent to $1.8 billion. Operating margin was very strong at 17.8 percent.
In 2007, we laid the groundwork
for future growth with invest-
ments in our worldwide air oper-
ations. We began construction on
our Shanghai air hub, scheduled
for completion in 2008, the first
in China to be operated by a U.S.
carrier. It will link cities in China
to UPS’s international network,
and provide direct service to the
Americas, Europe and other countries in Asia. Additionally, we put in place another around-the-world flight to connect the fast-growing Asian and European trade lanes to each other and to the United States. Lastly, UPS received the authority to operate six daily flights between the United States and Nagoya, Japan, in addition to our daily flights to Tokyo and Osaka.
SUPPLY CHAIN AND FREIGHT TURNAROUND
UPS’s supply chain and freight capabilities are integral to our vision of synchronized, transportation-focused solutions that help move our customers forward. To that end, we were very encouraged by the significant performance improvement of our Supply Chain and Freight segment, which posted a 5.3 percent revenue gain and a $276 million increase in operating profit.
The Supply Chain operations, namely Forwarding and Logistics, capitalized on initiatives that enhanced rev- enue management and customer service, while reducing operating cost. In the Forwarding business, interna- tional air freight forwarding made notable progress.
Ocean freight forwarding will be a priority in 2008. Logistics streamlined its operations and posted signifi- cant profit gains on moderate revenue growth. In 2008, its focus will be on developing solutions for the health- care and technology sectors.
UPS Freight® experienced a very good year in 2007 with revenue, profit and shipment growth. This was especially noteworthy given the U.S. trucking industry’s highly competitive operating environment. The UPS brand strengths of reliability and technology associated with our small package business are attracting customers to our freight services. We intend to continue leveraging our small package customer base through cross-selling the full complement of UPS services.
TRENDS AND GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
UPS is a major player in world commerce; we enable it and we benefit from it. Long-term industry fundamentals are favorable for our business and, in fact, play to UPS strengths. These include expanding global trade, direct-to-consumer
Worldwide,
UPS delivered a record number of packages —
3.97 billion.
4
shipping, and outsourcing supply chain management.
Increasingly, supply chain strategy means that research and development, production, component-making, final assembly, marketing and distribution are located where the best resources are available, and where the most value can be added to the end product. Today’s supply chain leaders are focused on “time-in-trade” — ensuring that each component of the value chain arrives at precisely the right location, at the right time, and at the most competitive cost — in short, synchronized commerce.
In today’s global environment, our market opportuni- ties are significant. UPS participates in a $225 billion global arena that includes small package shipping, domestic less-than-truckload freight and global air freight. We have about a 20 percent share of this highly competitive space, in which there is no leading player. Additionally, the ocean freight forwarding sector in which we compete is a $60 billion industry, and the outsourced logistics market is estimated at almost $190 billion. Therefore, growth opportunities abound.

 WHAT WE SEE FOR 2008
Economic uncertainty in the U.S. likely will make 2008 more challenging than 2007. However, UPS has a long history of growth in many different economic environ- ments. Strength in the International Package and the Supply Chain and Freight segments should mitigate what we expect will be only modest gains in the U.S. Package segment. We will be vigilant about operating efficiently, while keeping a sharp eye on execution. For the year, we anticipate achieving earnings per share in the range of $4.30 to $4.50.
At UPS, we are committed to being a company that people want to do business with, want to work for,
and want to invest in. These people — our customers, our employees and our shareowners — have a tremendous opportunity to move forward with us as we capitalize
on global opportunities.
FAREWELL TO A VISIONARY
At the close of 2007, Mike Eskew, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for six years, retired. In Mike’s 35-year career with UPS, he made significant contri- butions to the company. He helped set up UPS’s foray into international operations and was instrumental
in one of the fastest startups of a large airline in history. Mike also led the company’s expansion into services complementary to small package delivery — supply chain management, international freight forwarding and less- than-truckload freight shipment in the United States.
Under Mike’s leadership UPS realized substantial growth, and we appreciate his insight and dedication to the com- pany. He leaves a strong UPS, and I am both honored and humbled to be his successor.
D. Scott Davis Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 5
   36.6 33.5
47.5 42.6
49.7
  03 04 05 06 07
REVENUE
(in billions of dollars)
   3.3 2.9
3.9
4.2
4.4*
0.4
   03 04 05 06 07 07 Adjusted
NET INCOME
NET INCOME (in billions)
(in billions of dollars)
   2.93 2.55
   DILUTED EPS
DILUTED EPS
(in dollars)
3.86 3.47
4.11*
0.36
03 04 05 06 07 07
Adjusted
*Adjustments affecting 2007 pre-tax results include: a $6.1 billion payment to withdraw 45,000 Teamster employees from a multi-employer pension plan,
an impairment charge of $221 million on the accelerated retirement of certain aircraft, a $68 million charge for the special voluntary separation opportunity, and a $46 million charge related to the restructuring and disposal of a European supply chain operation. Adjusted financial measures exclude items that may not be indicative of or are unrelated to our core operating results. We believe they are an important indicator of our recurring operations and provide a better base- line for analyzing our underlying businesses. We use these adjusted financial measures to determine incentive compensation awards for our management.
    