LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
2010 was a pivotal year for United Rentals. We turned the
corner ahead of our end markets and the industry.
It was a year of internal transformation, matched by our
fierce determination to create opportunities in a declining
marketplace. Although we reported a loss on a GAAP basis,
2010 was a turning point for United Rentals, both financially
and operationally. We held our rental revenues steady at
$1.8 billion, dramatically outperforming the construction
environment, and used that momentum to forge ahead as the
equipment rental supplier of choice in North America.
Our strongest results came in the fourth quarter, when
nonresidential construction spending fell 8 percent below the
prior year. Against that backdrop we increased rental revenues
by more than 10 percent, realized our third consecutive
quarter of record time utilization, and drove rates positive
year over year – the only major equipment rental company
to do so.
Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.9 percent
for 2010, significantly higher than in 2009.
These are the results of a strategy that has proved its mettle
under incredible pressure. That is: to
capitalize on our
competitive advantages of scale
through Operation United;
drive sustainable efficiencies
in our core business; and
maintain a strong capital structure
that supports opportunistic
investment. Our share price performance in 2010 reflects
investor confidence in our execution and the growth
potential of our business.
We know that our greatest potential lies with National
Accounts and other volume-based relationships. This is
where our fleet, branch footprint, safety record and expert
employees are irrefutable competitive advantages. Our go-to-
market roadmap starts with customer segmentation, informs
the selling process, and constantly shifts the destination
towards greater share of wallet with these key customers.
Our strategy is also relevant to the broader marketplace,
where we continue to pursue customer service leadership.
The equipment rental industry experienced intense price
competition during the recession. We believe that service
differentiation is the strongest defense against
commoditization.
We are transforming the company for the purpose of
generating an appropriate return on capital.
The precision management of our fleet, rates, labor,
facilities and corporate support all gained traction in 2010.
We reduced our SG&A expense by $41 million, and our
ongoing cost savings initiatives mitigated the increase in cost
of equipment rentals associated with higher rental volume.
We will not allow these costs to flow back unchecked in the
recovery.
We continued to optimize our branch footprint by closing
49 branches without exiting any major markets and adding
11 locations, including five in our Trench Safety, Power and
HVAC business. In the fourth quarter, we began exploring
revenue opportunities with oil and gas customers on the Gulf
Coast through a joint venture with AMECO.
Our entire organization benefited from state-of-the-art
technologies in 2010. Chief among these is CORE, our price
optimization software, which ensures the proper balance of
value for our company and our customers. Our investment in
technology is proving to be a game-changer for United Rentals
– it strengthens our logistics, our metrics, our margins and
the levers that drive them.
This ongoing transformation of our business is both systemic
and single-minded: to earn back more than our cost of capital,
peak to trough, in any cycle.
Outlook
Looking forward, a modest recovery appears to be underway
in most U.S. construction sectors, with continued strength in
Canada. We anticipate a gradual increase in nonresidential
project starts, excluding commercial construction, which is
projected to remain weak for at least another year.
Our strategy has been to stay in front of key customers
throughout the downturn, preparing for exactly this point in
the cycle. We also believe that a new wave of renters was
created by the recession, and that many will not return to
purchasing equipment. Our end markets are growing again,
and should exceed pre-recession levels by 2014. We have
more than 7,000 highly engaged employees to thank for
putting United Rentals first in line for that business.
With the leverage we are building through cost savings and
investment in technology, and our projected increase in rental
rates of at least 5 percent year-over-year, we expect EBITDA
flow-through of 65 to 70 percent for each incremental dollar
of total revenue this year.
Some of what we achieve in 2011 will be determined by the
pace of the recovery. But it is more about our strategy, our
transformation, and our commitment to outperform. In the
depths of the recession, that had a lot to do with positioning.
Now it’s about profitable growth.
March 31, 2011
Michael J. Kneeland Jenne K. Britell
Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
