 LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  2014 was a remarkable year for United Rentals in every respect.
Financially, we surpassed a still-modest recovery and created record value. Operationally, we expanded our customer service capabilities and added more than $700 million of new fleet. And, on a personal level, our employees connected even more strongly with our vision following our landmark grant of restricted stock units. Our employees are now owners of the company and proud stewards of our strategy.
We met or exceeded every target in our outlook for our strongest earnings performance to date. GAAP net income was $540 million, or $5.15 per diluted share, on $5.69 billion of total revenue. Adjusted EPS1 for the year was $6.91 per diluted share.
2014 adjusted EBITDA was a record $2.72 billion at a 47.8% margin, on rental revenue growth that outpaced industry growth by nearly two to one.
Most importantly, we demonstrated once again that our strong performance is a continuum. Including 2014, we’ve generated eleven straight quarters of adjusted EBITDA at a margin greater than 40%. It was the fourth consecutive year we moved rates higher. Annual time utilization and return on invested capital were both high water marks at 68.8% and at 8.8%, respectively. And safety, as measured by our recordable rate, improved for the ninth year in a row.
One of the most steadfast areas of growth has been our specialty rental business. In 2014, we expanded our specialty footprint with the opening of 18 new locations in our Trench Safety, Power & HVAC, Pump Solutions, and Tool & Industrial Solutions businesses. In 2015, we’ll continue to build our specialty businesses through acquisitions, organic growth and the addition of new branches.
Specialty rentals remain critically important to our pursuit of superior returns. On April 1, 2014, we purchased National Pump and rebranded its 35 branches as United Rentals Pump Solutions. United Rentals is now North America’s second largest provider of industrial pump rentals, a high-margin sector that has been a strategic target of ours for some time. Our
decision to enter the pump sector on a large scale was driven by the opportunity we saw to grow this business outside of oil and gas and into end markets where we have a significant presence and where there’s an existing demand for pumps.
Our 2014 accomplishments reflect an immeasurable commitment to our strategy at every level of our organization – and the financial community has taken note. In September, our company was selected for the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 Index, which is widely recognized as the foremost gauge of large-cap U.S. equity market performance.
Outlook
Now we have new opportunities ahead. Industry forecasts point to a multi-year upcycle for equipment rentals, with an ongoing recovery in most of our end markets and a tailwind from secular penetration. Each day, more and more customers recognize the benefits of renting, and we seek to seize that opportunity and to further expand our role with our customers.
For 2015, United Rentals is guiding to record highs of total revenue in a range of $6.0 billion to $6.2 billion, and adjusted EBITDA in a range of $2.95 billion to $3.05 billion, which reflect further improvements in rates and time utilization. Full year cumulative free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $725 million to $775 million, after gross rental capital expenditures of approximately $1.7 billion.
Every signpost we see in our operating environment gives us confidence in this outlook. Demand for equipment rental is growing in North America, with an industry forecast for about 8% revenue growth in 2015. What’s more, if 2015–2017 plays out as we anticipate, we should generate about $2.5 billion in free cash flow, which will provide us with further flexibility on capital allocation. We can fund organic growth, make strategic acquisitions, pay down debt and return cash to stockholders. Our decisions will always be driven by our goal to improve returns.
In the face of considerable opportunity, we remain focused on growth that best serves our customers and our investors, with a keen eye on innovation and increased efficiencies. We remain nimble, adjusting to meet demand wherever it might present itself. We understand the goals, and we’re moving toward them together – employees, management and our board of directors – from a position of record scale and strength.
March 24, 2015
Michael J. Kneeland
Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell
Chairman of the Board
1 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. Please see the reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures contained in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and in our fiscal 2014 earnings press release furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2015.
