LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  In 2015, we operated the business with great discipline to drive record results in an uncertain economy.
Our operating environment was challenging in some respects, although the underlying foundation of the recovery remained positive. We capitalized on the continued rebound in commercial construction, and we saw lively demand
from other non-residential sectors such as hospitality, renewables and public works. At the same time, we dealt with a significant drag from upstream oil and gas and its ripple effect, a weak Canadian dollar, and industry over-fleeting.
Faced with a mix of headwinds and tailwinds in 2015, we delivered strong GAAP net income of $585 million, or earnings of $6.07 per diluted share, on $5.82 billion of total revenue. Adjusted EPS1 for the year was $8.02 per diluted share.
Adjusted EBITDA1 was $2.83 billion at a 48.7% margin; both metrics were company records. Free cash flow1 was also the highest in our history, at $919 million after gross rental capex of $1.5 billion. Return on invested capital for 2015 held constant year-over-year at 8.8%.
These were hard-fought accomplishments in an operating environment that put pressure on rates and utilization.
Our company has always managed rates according to the best long-term strategy for value creation. We’ve moved rates higher for five straight years and maintained a premium price for our services. This puts us in a strong position to weather short-term market dynamics.
Two major highlights of 2015 were our high-margin
Trench Safety and Power & HVAC specialty businesses. These operations increased rental revenue by 21% combined, versus the prior year. A healthy 16% of that increase came from same-store growth. In addition, we significantly improved our cross-sell abilities by introducing many of
our general rental customers to our specialty businesses.
We’ll continue to invest in fleet and cold-starts for all
of our specialty businesses, with plans to open at least
14 new specialty locations this year. This includes our Pump Solutions footprint, where we’ve been expanding into new geographies and diversifying the customer base beyond upstream oil and gas.
In addition to financial performance, our employees drove a number of operational improvements in 2015. Our
company further improved our world-class safety record. We also became a more technology-enabled organization through the expanded use, for instance, of telematics to improve preventative maintenance of our equipment and to give customers tools to make working with us a seamless endeavor. And most important, our employees are highly engaged in our future. All of these things are essential ingredients for success.
Outlook
Given the current macro conditions, we hold both a short- term and a long-term view. For 2016, our stance is to be cautious on capex and proactive about pursuing profitable opportunities. We’re mindful of the immediate constraints, particularly the Canadian economy, but at the same time, we’ll continue to make prudent investments in growth. The fundamentals of our industry are sound.
Longer term, we agree with industry forecasters that there are multiple years of growth ahead for equipment rental in North America. The current industry projection is for approximately 6% annual revenue growth in construction and industrial rentals through at least 2017. This forecast anticipates a downshift of investment in energy markets, continued growth in residential and nonresidential construction, and ongoing secular penetration.
For 2016, United Rentals is guiding to a range of $5.65 billion to $5.95 billion of total revenue, $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion
of adjusted EBITDA, and a year-over-year improvement in time utilization. We expect 2016 rental rates to be one to two percent below 2015.
Our outlook also anticipates that 2016 will be another
strong year of free cash flow, in the range of $900 million to $1 billion. We’ll use some of our cash to pay down debt, and to continue to buy back common stock under the new share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors in 2015. Our free cash flow guidance assumes gross rental capex of approximately $1.2 billion. We have the flexibility to adjust this number in real time based on market activity.
As this outlook shows, our company is in a strong position
to manage through any volatility. United Rentals has been building its scale, technology, business processes and skill sets for nearly two decades. We have the benefit of superb employees at every level, and a customer base that appreciates the value we deliver.
These qualities will serve us well as 2016 unfolds – and they’ll serve us equally well in the longer term, in a rental cycle that has years of growth ahead.
March 21, 2016
Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell Chairman of the Board
1 Adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. Please see the reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures contained in the “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in our fiscal 2015 earnings press release furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2016.
