 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
WE ARE NAVIGATING THROUGH THIS CHALLENGING TIME WITH A POWERFUL STRATEGY IN PLACE AND A PLAN THAT KEEPS OUR PRIORITIES FIRMLY ON CASH GENERATION, LIQUIDITY, COST CONTROL AND CUSTOMER SERVICE. WE ARE EXECUTING OUR PLAN IN EVERY AREA OF THE BUSINESS THAT IS WITHIN OUR CONTROL, WITH THE OBJECTIVES OF NEAR-TERM STABILITY AND LONG-TERM GROWTH.
 2008 will have a place
in history as the start of one of the most trying business environments on record.
This is particularly true for companies involved in the construction sector. By the fourth quarter it was clear that our end markets had weakened across North America, as
the combined impact of the recession and the credit crisis took full effect.
In the midst of these challenges, there were many things we could and did con- trol. We had a proactive plan in place from the earliest days of 2008 – one that focused
on preparation and discipline. As a result, we were able to navigate through the year with a strong sense of pur- pose, both financially and operationally. We improved
a number of key metrics including our EBITDA margin, excluding special items, free cash flow and SG&A expense margin, and increased our rental revenue as a percent of total revenue, according to plan. Nevertheless, our earnings missed the mark. This was
disappointing, especially as we had tried to forecast a realistic performance in a very difficult economy.
WE GENERATED $1.1 BILLION OF EBITDA, EXCLUDING SPECIAL ITEMS, ON
$3.3 BILLION
OF REVENUE DESPITE
A RECESSION ECONOMY
We had earnings per share, excluding special items, of $2.62 for 2008, compared with $2.67 for 2007. On this same basis, our EBITDA margin improved to 32.4%,
from 31.2% for the prior year. Free cash flow was strong at $335 million, compared with $242 million in 2007, which included $91 million of proceeds related to the termination
of the Cerberus merger.
Total revenues of $3.3 billion reflected a combination of weakness in our end markets and our strategic decision
to reposition our contractor supplies program. Contractor supplies, a non-core line of business, produced a gross
 PERSISTENCE PROGRESS
3

  18%
WORKFORCE
REDUCTION
over 24 months
margin of 23.6% in 2008 – a year over year improvement of 460 basis points.
Profitable rental transac- tions required a special acuity in 2008. As demand weak- ened, many of our branches saw intense pricing pressure. Our rental rates declined 3.1% for the year, while
we did an excellent job of managing our fleet for time utilization and customer retention. Time utilization was nearly flat at 63.6%, down less than half a percentage point from 2007.
Rates and time utiliza- tion are a complex balancing act, one that is directly related to the positioning of our fleet. In 2008, we transferred a fourth quarter record
$1.4 billion of fleet, based on original equipment cost, among our branches. That represents more than 30% of our total investment in fleet,
redeployed to areas where we sought to take advantage of stronger demand.
On the cost side of the business, we reduced SG&A expense by $84 million for
the full year 2008, which improved our SG&A margin to 15.7% of revenue. Our entire cost structure came under scrutiny – not as a temporary reaction to the economy, but as a cornerstone of our strategy. In 2008, we achieved incremental savings of $22 million from the strate- gic sourcing of non-equipment purchases, bringing our total annual savings from strategic sourcing to $44 million. We also reduced our workforce
by almost 10%, and closed
or consolidated 75 underper- forming branches without exiting any state or province.
Equally as important,
we achieved these efficiencies while maintaining our stature as the largest, most customer- focused equipment rental company in North America.
IN 2009, WE EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO GENERATE STRONG
FREE CASH
FLOW DESPITE FURTHER DETERIORATION IN OUR END MARKETS
Our revitalized National Accounts program signed more than 50 new agreements in the last half of 2008. National Accounts are a way to translate the size of our footprint, fleet and field infrastructure into large-scale competitive advantages. Our branches understand the
importance of satisfying National Accounts at the local point of contact, as these customers have greater growth potential.
Every achievement of 2008 is a credit to our people and our plan. We have all taken the same priorities to heart – cash generation, liquidity, cost control and customer service. I am proud to say that our employees continue to do an exceptional job of supporting these goals throughout the organization.
OUTLOOK
Looking forward, we are prepared for a significant decline in non-residential construction spending in 2009, with possibly more to follow in 2010, despite the
4
PERSISTENCE PROGRESS
$84
MILLION
reduction in SG&A expense
  $44
MILLION
saved in 2008 through strategic sourcing
76%
of revenue came from our
CORE RENTAL BUSINESS
 
potential benefit from stimu- lus legislation in the United States and Canada. The external factors that slowed construction starts in late 2008 will have a domino effect on equipment rental demand for months to come.
We believe that construc- tion activity in the near-term will continue to be defined by the size of the project, or the type of construction, with the outlook for manufacturing and energy projects being more positive than retail and office construction. Beyond that, there is very little visibility into our external environment at this time.
Internally, however,
we have extreme clarity
into the business. We have stress-tested our model
and feel very comfortable with the robustness of our plan. Every lever we pulled in 2008 – branch count, employee count, cost control, fleet transfers, revenue
mix, used equipment sales and capex – is available to
us again in 2009, with additional room to move.
We estimate that net rental capex in 2009 will be approximately $100 million, and that we will continue to defleet by selling off under- performing categories and older units. Our primary goal for used equipment sales, in this or any environment, is to properly manage the size, age and composition of our fleet, and our free cash flow. Our 2009 plan is cash-positive and anticipates a fleet age
of about 43 months by year- end, which is still within
our optimum range.
We expect to drive down our SG&A expense by another $40 million to $50 million
in 2009, largely through busi- ness process improvements, productivity tools and strategic sourcing. This drive toward ever-greater efficiency is consistent with our strategy, which defines United Rentals as an equipment rental company committed to continuously improving its cost structure, fleet manage- ment and rate management.
One of our goals in managing rates is to grow our market share by bringing more construction and industrial companies to our National Accounts program. These relationships establish negotiated rates based on an expectation of high volume. Typically National Account customers are more efficient and therefore more profitable to service. National Accounts will continue to be a high priority for us. We also want to satisfy our local customers as profitably as possible; however, we expect the local landscape to be challenging for some time. Our ability
to transfer fleet to areas of higher demand should help mitigate local rate declines.
Fleet management and National Accounts are just two examples of how our branch footprint allows us to leverage our leadership position. We also have the advantage of size when pursuing industrial rentals.
United Rentals currently serves about 4% of an esti- mated $12 billion industrial rental market in North America, and we can handle a lot more. In our experience
WE ARE INTENT ON CONNECTING WITH
CUSTOMERS
TO ENSURE THAT UNITED RENTALS IS THE FIRST CHOICE FOR EQUIPMENT RENTAL
industrial rentals have been less cyclical than construc- tion, with attractive margins and repeat business. Our plan calls for a strategic increase
in the number of branches tailored to serve this sector.
OPERATION UNITED
We believe that 2009 will be a year in which rental compa- nies must create their own opportunities. We set the process in motion last year
by commissioning market research in the U.S. and Canada. The research found that no company in our industry has fully succeeded
in winning over the customer based on service. We have moved quickly on that opportunity by launching Operation United.
Operation United is a massive, company-wide program designed to earn
and retain customer loyalty in any economic environment. Our branches are pursuing
an opportunity that is entirely within their control. The
goal is for the customer to
experience both an exceptional level of service and a greater consistency of service across our footprint. The long-term prospects for our industry remain very positive, and we want to make sure that our brand is entrenched as the first choice for equipment rentals.
As a company, and
as individuals, we remain excited by the opportunities ahead and undaunted by the challenges. United Rentals benefits from a solid balance sheet, excellent cash flow and favorable lender arrangements – and we are operating on sound strategies designed to meet our longer-term objec- tives of EBITDA growth, increased market share and customer service leadership. We are confident that we have the right strategies in place, not only to navigate the current environment, but also to better position United Rentals for the cycle’s turn. We are fully pre- pared to use our strengths as a springboard for future growth.
Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer April 22, 2009
  PERSISTENCE PROGRESS
5

 OUR VISION IS TO BE THE PREEMINENT EQUIPMENT RENTAL COMPANY IN THE WORLD. TO DO SO, WE MUST LEVERAGE OUR POSITION AS THE WORLD’S LARGEST EQUIPMENT RENTAL COMPANY BY PROVIDING THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF SERVICE TO OUR CUSTOMERS.
In any company, at any time, the Board must maintain a delicate balance between its role of oversight and its role as a partner, enabling manage- ment to devise and implement programs, such as Operation United, necessary to reach our goal. Achieving this balance and the desired results has never been more critical.
In August, the Board named Michael Kneeland our President and Chief Executive Officer. In that role, Michael also became a member of
our Board. With more than 30 years of experience in
this industry and a year as our interim leader, Michael already has demonstrated
that he is the right person for the job. Good leaders attract and retain good people. As you will see in this report,
we now have a team that not only will allow us to persevere through the downturn but also will lead us into a more promising future.
Equally significant, the Board elected three directors
to replace those we lost. In July, we mourned the passing of Jerry Tsai, who had been instrumental in the growth of our company. We miss his
counsel and grace. Separately,
I also want to note the resignation of Wayland Hicks, a Board member and our for- mer CEO and Vice Chairman. We appreciate his contribu- tions to the growth and success of our company.
To identify potential directors, the Board retained
a leading search firm. We were delighted to see the outstanding candidates eager to join our Board. To achieve preeminence, it is necessary to attract individuals of this caliber. In January 2009, we announced that José Alvarez, Bobby Griffin, and Filippo Passerini were joining the Board.
José, currently a professor at the Harvard Business School, was Executive Vice President-Global Business Development for Royal Ahold NV, one of the world’s largest grocery retailers. José joined Royal Ahold in 2001 and, among many key positions, served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Stop & Shop.
Bobby has more than
25 years of experience in the transportation logistics indus- try, including 20 years with Ryder Systems, where he most recently served as President- International Operations.
Filippo is President- Global Business Services
and Chief Information Officer of The Proctor & Gamble Company. He joined P&G in 1981 and has held executive positions in the UK, Greece, Italy, Latin America, and the U.S.
The three, who bring extensive global experience
in logistics, supply chain and distribution management, as well as sales and marketing, join a diverse and engaged Board that now has 10 independent directors with broad and well-regarded professional skills and experi- ence. This stronger Board
has intensified its oversight role, particularly important in this environment, applying the best practices related to corporate governance.
I joined the Board in December 2006 and was elect- ed chairman in July 2008.
My professional background includes senior operational experience at several leading global companies, including GE, as well as current and previous membership on the boards of multinational public and private companies.
There were many challenges for the Board, man- agement, and our employees during 2008. We recognize that the global economic downturn has not helped either our equity or the equity markets overall. We appreciate the continued support of our shareholders. Nonetheless, we believe that as a result of the actions we took in 2008, we are a stronger company today. In time, these actions will benefit our stakeholders, especially our investors.
Jenne K. Britell Chairman of the Board April 22, 2009
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
  6
PERSISTENCE PROGRESS
 