dear fellow shareholders
A year ago, our outlook envisioned that United Rentals would continue to grow at a pace that outperformed the industry, while at the same time growing our earnings sub- stantially, generating strong free cash flow and improving our return on invested capital (ROIC). Our total revenue growth in 2006 was 10.7%. Our equipment rental revenue growth was 8.2%, significantly ahead of the equipment rental industry’s growth of 5.5% in the United States. Our
diluted earnings per share of $2.28 from continuing operations were up 18% over 2005, and not only set a record for the company but exceeded our original outlook for the year. With that as a backdrop, I would like to share some of the key accomplishments that contributed to this year of record financial and operational results.
  Wayland Hicks
Chief Executive Officer
 Our diluted earnings per share of $2.28 from continuing operations were up 18% over 2005.
 United Rentals continued to improve its operations in 2006. Our 5.1% increase in rental rates, combined with rental fleet expansion and new branch openings in prior years, were largely responsible for the 23% improvement in income from continuing operations. In December we reached an agreement to divest our traffic control business, and completed the sale last month. During the past several years, the traffic control business had depressed our ROIC, and although the operation had shown steady improvement, it still would not have provided an adequate return on capital.
 2

Our two reporting segments, general rentals and trench safety, pump and power, delivered combined same-store rental revenue growth of 6.2% in 2006. We also achieved operating income of $626 million and income of $249 million from continuing operations, up 19% and 23%, respectively.
During 2006, we invested $879 million in rental equipment, including $175 million in growth capital, to take advantage of the growth opportunities in our existing customer base and the North American marketplace. At the same time, we generated free cash flow of $249 million, well ahead of our original outlook, helping us to pay down a total of $450 million of debt and subordinated convertible debentures.
 We generated free cash flow of $249 million, helping us to pay down a total of $450 million of debt and subordinated convertible debentures.
 Our focus on improving ROIC resulted in a return of 14.7%, a significant improvement of 1.8 percentage points from 2005. ROIC is critical to our objective of increasing value to shareholders. As we make further progress on the execu- tion of our strategy, we are confident that our company can achieve a further improvement of two to three percentage points in ROIC during the next 36 months, given a healthy market.
Consistent with our focus on value creation, we took steps to rigorously con- trol costs in 2006 and leverage our company’s purchasing power. Our Strategic Sourcing Initiative (SSI) is designed to limit the number of suppliers associated with the $1.1 billion we spend on non-rental purchases each year. We have already negotiated more than 20 preferred supplier agreements with quality product and service providers in key purchase categories such as office supplies, tires, travel and overnight mail. We will continue to expand the number of
 3

agreements as we go forward. We realized $5 million of savings from the SSI in 2006, and expect to realize $15 million to $20 million in savings in 2007. The majority of these savings should impact gross margin, with the balance reduc- ing our SG&A expense-to-revenue ratio.
Operationally, we met or exceeded plan in most areas of our business. We received 70% of our rental fleet investment in the first two quarters, ideally timed for the peak of the construction season. We also opened 36 new rental branches in 2006, positioned to tap into long-term market demand. We closed or consolidated 23 under-performing branches, ending the year with nearly 700 rental locations.
 Our focus on improving ROIC resulted in
a return of 14.7%, a significant improvement of 1.8 percentage points from 2005.
 An important component of our growth strategy is that it seeks to build value on many different levels. In 2006 we continued to penetrate promising rental niches such as winter heat. We also grew our revenue from National Accounts by approximately 10%, to over $700 million.
In addition, we built new relationships with customers through non-rental services that extend our brand. A prime example was the 2006 launch of Excavation Safety Competent Person Training at over 60 trench safety branches. We know from experience that training has strong synergies with our core busi- ness: it differentiates our brand and encourages customer loyalty, leading to rentals and sales.
At the same time, we are expanding our repair, maintenance and parts capa- bilities to accommodate more service of customer-owned equipment. The service relationship is a strong selling point to both new and used equipment buyers,
 4

 and cross-generates revenue for our company. Last year, our revenue from sales of new and used equipment increased more than 10% to a total $567 million, while our revenue from servicing customers’ equipment increased more than 13%. Ongoing service of equipment sold from our fleet is an example of our ability to generate revenue from an asset throughout its entire lifecycle, even after it leaves United Rentals.
We are also focused on taking advantage of the significant opportunity in contractor supplies. Top-line sales growth was an impressive 28% in 2006. We are working hard to reap the benefits of the investment we have made in our distri- bution infrastructure, which should result in an improvement in margins and inventory turns this year. Contractor supplies is our fastest growing revenue stream and one that we believe has significant market potential. As we continue to improve our performance, we expect the attractive ROIC of this business will get even better.
Looking at United Rentals in 2007, I see a strong, confident company with enormous potential and numerous avenues of opportunity. We expect growth in our primary end market to moderate this year but continue its upward trend,
 (from left)
Wayland Hicks, chief executive officer
Michael Kneeland, executive vice president and chief operating officer Martin Welch, executive vice president and chief financial officer
 5

 stimulated by both an increase in spending and an increasing percentage of equipment dollars directed to rental. Our branch network is in an excellent position to capitalize on this demand. We plan to make significant capital expenditures again this year, including approximately $850 million in rental capex, with $125 million earmarked for growth capital, including approximately $70 million related to 30 to 35 planned branch openings.
 Our 2007 outlook calls for diluted earnings per share of $2.65 to $2.75 on revenue of $3.85 billion, and free cash flow of $150 million to $200 million.
 An expanding construction market will also drive demand in our contractor supplies business, where we anticipate another strong year with 20% revenue growth. Based on these assumptions, our 2007 outlook calls for diluted earnings per share of $2.65 to $2.75 on revenue of $3.85 billion, and free cash flow of $150 million to $200 million after recognizing almost $115 million of additional cash taxes in 2007. The free cash flow forecast also excludes the $68 million of proceeds we received from the sale of our traffic control business in February.
 6

 Our company’s performance in 2006, as well as our outlook for 2007, are consistent with our basic business strategy of balancing our significant growth opportunities with improvement in ROIC, while at the same time generating substantial free cash flow. We believe this approach maximizes long-term shareholder value.
I would like to emphasize how important our 12,000 dedicated employees are to our current outlook and future growth. We provide considerable training, men- toring and advancement for them, but it is their uncompromising commitment to customer service that makes United Rentals the leading choice of equipment rental customers. Our employees’ enthusiasm for this business is tangible, as evidenced by their performance in 2006, including United Rentals’ fourth consecutive year of
 Our opportunities and our organization have never been greater as we move toward our second decade of growth.
 rate improvement, and our safest year on record. This year we have challenged our branch teams to strike an optimal balance between rental rates and equipment utilization, and armed them with the training and technology to achieve this goal.
The coming months will be significant for United Rentals in many ways, culminating with our milestone tenth anniversary. Ten years ago in September, our company was a concept on paper — today we are in a position to create our own horizons and break new ground in our industry. As large as we are, we only hold about a 7% share in an under-penetrated North American equipment rental market. Our opportunities and our organization have never been greater as we move toward our second decade of growth.
 Wayland Hicks Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2007
7
