LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  2012 was an extraordinary year for United Rentals.
On April 30, we acquired RSC Holdings Inc. and forged
a historic position of industry leadership. The transaction expanded our talent pool, footprint and fleet – but more than that, it was a chance to explore the way we think about our business for the long-term. The new United Rentals that emerged during 2012 was a powerful blend of our past and our future: resolutely in line with our strategy, while delivering record value creation.
A number of factors worked in our favor. Some were
tied to the macro environment, which began a slow but discernible recovery. Others were created through our own determination. In every case, we were intensely opportunistic in making these factors work to our advantage.
The most notable external change was a modest improvement in non-residential construction spending toward the end
of the year. This was augmented by an ongoing shift from equipment ownership to equipment rental. We believe that rental penetration is increasing the size of our market, even during periods when end-user demand for equipment is flat.
Given these market dynamics, we made a strategic net capital investment of $873 million in fleet to ensure that we maintain a competitive level of available equipment. We also capitalized on a robust used equipment market when disposing of assets. Perhaps most important, we acquired a more balanced revenue mix that will help mitigate the impact of future construction cycles. By year-end 2012, industrial and other non-construction business accounted for approximately 50% of our rental revenue.
On a GAAP basis, full year 2012 net income was $75 million, or earnings of $0.79 per diluted share, on $4.12 billion of total revenue. After adjusting for RSC transaction-related impacts and other items, adjusted EPS for the full year was $3.76 per diluted share. Return on invested capital was 7.4% for the 12 months ended December 31, 2012, an increase of 50 basis points from 2011.
On a year-over-year full year pro-forma1 basis, adjusted EBITDA increased $494 million to $1.99 billion, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 650 basis points to 42.6%. Rental rates increased 6.9%. Time utilization was 67.5% on a much larger fleet.
These results make it clear that we paid close attention to the fundamentals of our business in 2012, despite the intensity
of the integration effort. Our strategic imperatives remain intact: to realize significant returns by capitalizing on our scale; to drive sustainable efficiencies in our core business; and to maintain a strong capital structure. We are committed to driving profitable growth that will generate a higher return on invested capital, a cornerstone of our long-term strategy.
From an operational standpoint, we will continue to invest where we see the potential to galvanize returns. This includes our specialty rental segment, Trench Safety, Power & HVAC, which performed very well in 2012. We also intend to open more metro models: centrally managed field services and repair hubs that improve our margins in high-density areas. Our plan is to have 30 to 35 metro models in place by year-end 2013.
Size alone is not our goal. Our employees remain very focused on process improvements, with safety being foremost.
United Rentals achieved the lowest recordable rate in its history in 2012, and we are adamant about reaching our goal of zero.
With the integration, the heavy lifting is behind us, but there are still significant benefits ahead. These include a fully developed run rate of $230 million to $250 million in cost synergies. We captured $104 million of synergies in just eight months in 2012.
The discipline we bring to the business has ramifications for our customers as well. Contractors, in particular, are looking for a well equipped, financially stable partner as their own business conditions improve. We see unprecedented opportunities to become a first-call supplier, particularly with key accounts that can utilize our scale.
Outlook
As we look forward, we expect our end markets to show modest improvement in 2013, with an acceleration in 2014 and 2015. Within the current environment, we feel confident that we can continue to improve rates and time utilization while driving 2013 revenues to approximately $5 billion.
We remain very focused on ensuring that our value to customers is continually enhanced through the expansion of our business services. Our customers play a very meaningful role in our success. The strategic choices we make reflect the importance we place on serving these relationships.
This is an exhilarating time for United Rentals. By our company’s own actions, the bar has been set higher and the stakes are larger. The management, board and employees of United Rentals welcome that challenge.
March 27, 2013
Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell Chairman of the Board
  1 Pro-forma assumes the combination of United Rentals results and RSC Holdings results for all periods in 2011 and 2012.
