dear fellow shareholders
United Rentals delivered significant growth and record revenues in 2005. We increased our total revenues 15.2% to $3.56 billion, outpacing the gradual improvement in our operating environment. This acceleration in our revenue growth from 2004 was driven by a combination of organic growth in our core business, rental rate improvement, and expanding contractor supplies sales, supported by growth in our primary end market. Our operating income in 2005 was $500 million and net income was $187 million, up 95% and $271 million, respectively, from 2004. Diluted earnings per share were $1.80, exceed- ing our outlook for the year.
Net cash from operations and the proceeds from sales of rental equipment were $950 million. Of this amount, we spent $578 million for replacement capital needed
 Our revenue growth was driven by a combination
of organic growth in our core business, rental rate improvement, and expanding contractor supplies sales, supported by growth in our primary end market.
 to maintain the size and age of our existing rental fleet and $163 million to expand the fleet. Our free cash flow, after total rental and non-rental capital expenditures of $823 million, was $130 million. We invested $40 million of this free cash flow in acquisitions.
We achieved improvements in several key operating metrics in 2005. All three segments of our business gener- ated higher returns, and total revenues grew 15.2%. This outpaced growth in our primary end market, private
 2

non-residential construction, which increased 5.2% last year according to Department of Commerce data. Dollar utilization was a record 65.1%, an increase of 5.2 percentage points from 2004. Organic growth remained strong throughout 2005, with a full-year increase of 11.8% in same-store rental revenues. This included a 23% increase in same-store rental revenues for our trench safety, pump and power business.
Early in 2005 we identified three key initiatives, which we have vigorously pursued. These initiatives supported our stated goals of driving revenue growth, improving our margins and increasing our return on capital. Our immediate priorities were to drive a further improvement in rental rates, maintain strong organic growth, and expand our contractor supplies business.
 Our employees understand that our rates initiative, with its corresponding impact on profitability, allows us to continue to provide our customers
with superior service and the largest and most diverse fleet in the industry.
 We made progress on all three initiatives in 2005. We were able to increase rates by an additional 6%, following the 7.5% increase we achieved in 2004. The combination of these increases helped us generate more than $250 million in incremental revenue last year, and we believe there are additional pricing opportunities. Our employees understand that our rates initiative, with its corresponding impact on profitability, allows us to continue to provide our customers with superior service and the largest and most diverse fleet in the industry.
 3

We opened 37 new locations in 2005, with a quarter of them focused on market opportunities in trench safety, pump and power rentals. In addition, we enhanced our network with two acquisitions, the HSS RentX Colorado locations and Sandvick Equipment & Supply Company. The Sandvick acquisition extended our presence in trench safe- ty, where we lead the industry.
We also completed our contractor supplies distribution network with the opening of six regional warehouse facili- ties, bringing the total to nine. We are now in a position to expedite deliveries and expand our product lines. The growth in our contractor supplies sales was nothing short of explosive in 2005. Revenues increased 44% from 2004 to $324 million, even without the full benefit of our new infrastructure. We anticipate that our contractor supplies program will continue to grow in importance, both finan- cially and as a competitive differentiator. The 9,200 different supply items we offer are a compelling example of the one- stop shopping convenience we provide to our customers.
These accomplishments, together with the absence of goodwill impairment and refinancing charges incurred in 2004, were largely responsible for the improvement in our results in 2005. We made capital investments of $823 million, including $741 million invested in new rental equipment, which allowed us to grow faster than our end markets. Our return on invested capital improved 2.4 per- centage points to 12% in 2005 and we ended the year with $316 million of cash.
At the same time, we had a number of internal challenges to address. The ongoing inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission, initiated in 2004, resulted in an extensive internal review by a special committee of our board of directors. We continue to cooperate
 4

 fully with the SEC in an effort to resolve their inquiry. United Rentals is dedicated to the highest standards of conduct in our business.
There is every indication that 2006 will be another strong year for United Rentals. The construction market is continuing to improve. At the same time, equipment rental is growing in importance to contractors who are increas- ingly renting equipment as an alternative to owning their own. For our part, we continue to drive our business forward with a passion for customer service and a determi- nation to increase our return on capital. This requires good people and we have more than 13,000 of the best.
In the short-term, we have extended our three key ini- tiatives in 2006. We expect further improvements in our rental rates, which represent the single most important action we can take to further enhance our profitability. We also expect to benefit from the investment in our contractor supplies infrastructure and achieve further marketplace penetration. We remain focused on expanding our network and plan to open another 30 to 35 new branch- es in 2006. We also expect to continue to grow the business by way of acquisition.
 (from left)
Martin Welch, executive vice president
and chief financial officer,
Michael Kneeland, executive vice president Ñ Operations, Wayland Hicks, chief executive officer
 5

 We will continue to increase the size of our rental fleet in existing locations and invest in high-growth categories such as trench safety services, pump rentals and power generation. As always, our fleet decisions are guided by the evolving needs of our customers. Our 2006 plan calls for the investment of $175 million to $200 million in growth capital for new rental equipment and $625 million to $650 million in replacement capital required to maintain the size and age of our rental fleet.
In 2006, our plan anticipates that we will continue to grow at a faster pace than private non-residential construc- tion, our primary end market. End market growth, combined
 
 with strategic investments and our inherent operating lever- age, should generate substantial bottom line improvement. We expect to achieve diluted earnings per share of $2.13 to $2.23 and $4.0 billion in total revenues.
Two years ago in my letter to shareholders, I stated that our goal was to double the size of the business over five years following a recovery in our primary end market. We are now in the second year following that recovery, and our plans are solidly in place to realize that goal. We will accom- plish this with the help of highly motivated employees and the leadership of an experienced management team.
 Our 2006 plan anticipates diluted earnings per share of $2.13 to $2.23 with $4.0 billion in total revenues.
 I am particularly pleased that Martin Welch joined us early this year as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Marty is a seasoned financial leader with a talent for establishing robust financial organizations.
Looking beyond 2006, the North American equipment rental market presents tremendous opportunities for United Rentals, as do the related markets for equipment sales, serv- ice and contractor supplies. The investments we have been making in the business will enable us to take advantage of these growth opportunities. Our results in 2005 and our five-year outlook are consistent with the vision that has shaped our company since its inception Ñ to make this business a success for every stakeholder in United Rentals.
 Wayland Hicks Chief Executive Officer April 30, 2006
7
