LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
2009 was a very volatile year for the equipment rental
industry.
As the recession unfolded, we experienced the
full force of the global financial crisis on our end markets.
No construction sector was immune; every region of
North America felt the impact.
We were pleased with the determination of our managers
to hold fast to the opportunities that did exist and capture
an industry-leading $2.4 billion in revenue. Nevertheless,
the economy was an obvious constraint and we reported
a loss for the year.
Internally, we focused on controlling as many aspects
of the business as possible, including safety, equipment
sharing and rate management. Executing on plan, we
saved a total of $328 million in SG&A expense and cost
of rentals. This was largely invisible to our markets;
if anything, customers have seen a new energy at work
in our sales and service operations.
The dramatic change in our environment has required
a new agility in managing the business. Our immediate
priorities in 2009, and now in 2010, are for a strong
balance sheet, free cash flow generation and greater
operating efficiency, engineered to serve our long-term
vision as well as our short-term needs. We will enter the
recovery with ample capital to invest in growth, and with
our arms more vigorously around value creation.
Against this backdrop, our strategy must be three-fold:
First, we are capitalizing more directly on our
competitive strengths of scale through
Operation United.
Operation United
, which differentiates our brand through
exceptional customer service, is well on the way to
revolutionizing our approach to the market. We now
have a precise customer segmentation strategy that
sharpens our focus to national and regional accounts in
the construction, industrial and government sectors.
Large customers value our size, and we can serve them
at better margins, making this base more defensible and
profitable for us over time.
The industrial landscape is especially attractive because it
tends to be less cyclical and more focused on large-scale
contracts. Last year we made a strategic purchase of a
specialized industrial rental company in Ohio, acquiring
an expert foothold in that trade area.
Second, we are transforming our business in sustainable
ways to drive profitability and reinforce our position
as the industry leader.
For example, we estimate that at least 55% of the costs
we took out of the business over the past two years can
be sustained through branch optimization and fleet
management. That alone should be accretive to earnings,
and we expect to drive further cost efficiencies in 2010.
Third, we will maintain a strong capital structure that
mitigates risk and gives us the flexibility to make
growth-oriented investments in the business.
With the redemption of $435 million of senior notes on
February 16, 2010, our company’s next significant debt
maturity does not come due until 2013.
Outlook
If current trends continue, we would expect to see some
local economies recover late in 2010. A more universal
improvement in demand requires that our customers
have ready access to credit for project starts. When that
happens, we will capitalize on a secular shift toward
renting: customers will need more equipment, and they
will be less inclined to take on the costs of owning it.
Rental will be the winner.
We greatly appreciate the support of our customers
and stockholders, and the loyalty of our employees, as
we continue to face this historic downturn head-on.
United Rentals has entered 2010 well prepared for any
number of scenarios, including the possibility that the
equipment rental industry may look very different on
the other side of a recovery.
We are dealing effectively with the challenges at hand,
while looking beyond them to the upside – articulating
our strategy with increasing precision as we move
toward a more profitable stance for the future.
March 31, 2010
Michael J. Kneeland Jenne K. Britell
Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board