   LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
In 2016, we delivered strong results in a fundamentally positive operating environment.
It was a year that required careful calibration of the business. The cycle continued to move in our favor, underpinned by growth in commercial construction. This helped fuel our initiatives for vertical penetration, specialty rental expansion, and tactical investments in our fleet.
At the same time, we contended with four notable headwinds: global economic uncertainty in the first quarter, an ongoing drag from upstream oil and gas, a weak Canadian economy, and industry over-fleeting. While these things were outside our control, we mitigated the impact through rigorous fleet management and capital discipline.
For the full year 2016, United Rentals delivered earnings
per diluted share of $6.45 on a GAAP basis, and $8.65 on an adjusted basis1, compared with $6.07 and $8.02, respectively, for the prior year.
The company reported $566 million of net income in 2016, and $2.76 billion of adjusted EBITDA1 at a 47.9% margin. Free cash flow1 was a record $1.18 billion after capex.
We’re pleased with this performance in light of widespread industry over-fleeting, which kept rates under pressure. By late 2016, there were signs that a growing marketplace was absorbing some of the excess fleet.
Against this backdrop, our specialty rental operations
of Trench Safety, Power & HVAC, and Pump Solutions continued to outpace the company as a whole. Together, they drove combined rental revenue growth of 9.5% year-over-year, including 7% organic growth. We plan to supplement the 14 specialty branches we opened in 2016 with another 17 cold-starts this year.
We see a large upside to our strategy for specialty expansion. Standalone demand for these services is growing, and we can serve all customers better as a single source by cross-selling our specialty fleet. In 2016, we generated 13% more revenue from cross-selling specialty solutions to National Accounts versus the prior year. Our long-term goal remains to grow the specialty segment to $2 billion in revenue.
Our digital platform is fast becoming another exciting area of operations. In 2016, we launched robust e-commerce capabilities that deepen customer connectivity and engage new markets. The new technology interfaces with our rental enterprise system to give customers 24-hour access to the industry’s largest equipment rental fleet. While this channel is still young, we’ve seen promising volumes from existing accounts and first-time customers.
We completed the year with a strong showing in one of our most important metrics: safety. Our total recordable incident rate was below 1.0 for 2016, far better than the industry average. We intend to build on our safety performance throughout 2017 toward our goal of a zero rate.
Outlook
Our view of the cycle going forward is an important narrative for investors. We believe that demand in our end markets will continue to trend up in 2017. If government spending stimulates construction, it will be incremental to an environment that we already see as positive for our business.
Our confidence in the cycle continues to be reflected in favorable U.S. indicators, construction backlogs, customer sentiment and confidence surveys of chief executives— the decision makers who create jobs for our customers. Furthermore, we’re cautiously optimistic that the Canadian economy has turned a corner.
On January 25, 2017, we announced our definitive agreement to acquire NES Rentals, one of the largest U.S. equipment rental companies. This investment is in lockstep with our capital allocation strategy, our core business, our culture, and our people. The transaction should be accretive to earnings, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow this year.
In addition, we’re funding Project XL, a series of initiatives designed to enhance the long-term earning power of
the business through investments in customer service, sales pipeline development, operational excellence, and technology. We’ll also continue to develop our digital strategy as a competitive moat.
For 2017, we’re guiding to a range of $5.75 billion to $5.95 billion of total revenue, and $2.70 billion to $2.85 billion of adjusted EBITDA. We expect free cash flow to be between $650 million and $750 million, after gross rental capex of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. We plan to update this outlook when the NES transaction is complete to reflect the combined operations.
2017 is a landmark year for United Rentals—the culmination of our first 20 years in business. We have our employees to thank for the tremendous success of our journey to date. Their willingness to achieve the impossible for our customers has been the single biggest tailwind behind our growth.
Now our entire organization is poised to permanently enhance our industry position and future profitability. We’re operating with agility, an intense focus on returns, and the experience to act not just as stewards of United Rentals, but as catalysts for another 20 years of growth.
March 21, 2017 Michael J. Kneeland
Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell Chairman of the Board
1 Adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP measure. Please see the reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures contained in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and in our fiscal 2016 earnings press release furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2017.
