            Dear Fellow Shareholders:
We are pleased to tell you that the seamless integration of Firstar and
U.S. Bancorp proceeds on schedule to be completed by the end of the third quarter of 2002. We continue to successfully convert major systems and products to single operating platforms with virtually no customer disruption. The integration process has been thoughtful and inten- tional. We have worked very diligently to blend the best practices, people and products of both organizations.
length or the timing of a genuine recovery. For a company that prides itself on
Your corporation ended 2001
with strong fourth quarter performance, highlighted by revenue momentum, margin improvement and a companywide focus on customer service quality. We
are committed to seeing these trends continue through 2002.
consistent earnings, our third quarter action was not an easy step to take. However, it helped us accomplish one
of our primary objectives: having a balance sheet and a risk profile among the strongest in the industry. We have positioned ourselves to manage through the current economic cycle. Our credit quality remained stable in the fourth quarter, but we are prepared for the likelihood that nonperforming loans and charge-offs will increase throughout 2002.
ing and fast-growing markets, and we have a multi-tiered and comprehensive distribution system throughout those markets. Our scope and scale make us
a low-cost provider with significant com- petitive advantages. We have a proven track record and skilled professionals who are the best in the industry running our businesses.
The year 2001 brought unprece- dented challenges for our country and our company. During the third quarter, we took action to increase our reserves for potential loan losses and to strengthen our balance sheet. While we were disappointed in the resulting adverse effect on earnings, U.S. Bancorp now ranks among the top of our peer group in the strength of our credit reserves.
We prudently recognized the economic slowdown and our inability to predict its
Providing outstanding service to all customers, backed by our exclusive
Five Star Service Guarantee, is an ongoing priority at U.S. Bancorp, as is selling more of our products and services. You can read more about our Five Star Service Guarantee at the front of this report. Our operating revenue growth in the fourth quarter is a sure sign that our sales and service culture is taking effect.
We assure you that, as always, our highest priority is to increase the value of your investment in U.S. Bancorp. It is the reason we come to work each day.
U.S. Bancorp is well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities.
John F. Grundhofer Chairman
Although our combined franchise has yet to fulfill all of its potential, we are off to a strong start on a solid foun- dation. The success of our integration to date and the benefits of the merger became evident in our year-end results. We operate in stable, moderately grow-
Sincerely,
Jerry A. Grundhofer
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2002
U.S. Bancorp 5
