USG Corporation 2000 Annual Report

Dear Fellow Shareholders

USG enjoys tremendous strengths, including leading brands, low-cost

production, significant liquidity and exceptional people. They are vital to our ability to weather the conditions we face today. In ordinary circumstances, we'd call 2000 a year of accomplishment. We posted the second highest sales in our history. Record shipments of our major product lines rolled from new, low-cost production facilities. We increased our share of our markets. We repurchased 5 .7 million shares of our stock. We improved our ability to serve a changing marketplace. But the circumstances are far from ordinary. Almost overnight, the wallboard industry swung from unmet demand to excess supply, just as energy and raw material costs started to climb. Wallboard prices that reached $166 per thousand square feet in December 1999 fell to
$94 per thousand square feet by December 2000 . Energy costs more

than doubled in the fourth quarter alone. At the same time, a wave of asbestos litigation rose to threaten the future of our company. To help manage the uncertainty surrounding the asbestos issue, we took a year-end charge of $850 million to increase reserves for settling asbestos claims filed through 2003 . We also recorded a $54 million charge for improving our efficiency and streamlining our operations. Together, these events kept us from achieving a sixth straight year of record earnings growth. While net sales of $3 .78 billion nearly equaled the record $3 . 81 billion we reported in 1999 , our net earnings declined dramatically. Excluding the special charges, net earnings fell to $298 million, or $6 . 49 per fully diluted share. After the charges, we recorded a loss for the year of $259 million, or $5 . 62 per fully diluted share. We are disappointed to report results like these, to say the least, although there is some consolation in the fact that, operationally, we continued to outperform others in the industry. But the key question now is what are we doing to respond to these challenging conditions? How will we regain our momentum? We'll adapt. We'll change. We'll perform.

6

Adapt

First, we must do everything we can to resolve the asbestos litigation crisis and manage our asbestos liability costs.
USG never mined, made or sold raw asbestos. But we did use it as a

minor ingredient -- typically less than five percent -- in some of our plasters and joint compounds. And we have long supported efforts to fairly compensate people whose health was affected by those products. It hasn't been easy. When it comes to dealing with asbestos litigation, the U.S. legal system has clearly broken down. Courts are inundated with asbestos exposure claims, the vast majority of which have been submitted on behalf of people who show no signs of impairment. The weight of this litigation has dragged more than two dozen companies into bankruptcy. We are fighting to avoid that fate. Yet each new bankruptcy leaves fewer companies to shoulder the burden. Our balance sheet and the loans that banks have committed to make us provide significant liquidity. But while we are equipped to manage our own liability, we cannot take on the responsibility for the entire industry. We agree with the Supreme Court that resolving the issue calls for national legislation, and we have joined efforts to craft a solution that will keep the asbestos litigation crisis from becoming a disaster. In the meantime, our $850 million pretax asbestos charge covers the costs we expect to incur for asbestos claims filed in the next three years. It does not close the door on the issue, but it will bring a higher degree of certainty to our financial performance as we move forward. We also must adapt to new conditions in our markets. Throughout our
99-year history, our goal has been to lead at every point in the economic

cycle -- trough-to-trough and peak-to-peak. And that is what we are doing today, by continuing to carry out our strategic plan.
w

WCF

WCF RHF JSM

William C . Foote, Chairman, CEO and President Richard H . Fleming, Executive Vice President and CFO James S . Metcalf, Senior Vice President; President and CEO , L&W Supply

7

Our leadership begins with the industry's most advanced production facilities. Over the past five years, we invested in excess of $1 billion, primarily to build new production facilities and improve our operations. It was the right strategy. We had to expand to meet our customers' needs or risk losing them as customers. And it was increasingly expensive to run our existing plants, some which dated back to the 1930 s. In 2000, we began to reap the benefits of our investments. With 3.3 billion square feet of new, low-cost wallboard production capacity, we are better able to remain profitable in a time of falling prices. Advanced production technologies also help cushion the impact of rising energy costs. Now, we're turning our attention to strengthening our cash flow. Anticipating continued softness in the wallboard market, we cut our capital expenditures by five percent during the second half of the year and reduced them even more as we entered 2001. Our $54 million restructuring plan closed three high-cost production lines and eliminated over 500 jobs, out of a total of 4 , 400 salaried positions. We have now closed six wallboard production lines since 1999 -- a total of approximately 1. 5 billion square feet of high-cost capacity, or almost
50 percent more than originally planned. We also have reduced our

quarterly dividend to shareholders. Actions like these are never easy, but together, they will strengthen our cash flow by approximately $50 million each year. We will devote even more attention to satisfying our customers. Because we are the preferred wallboard brand, we gain market share in times of free supply, and that is happening again. But we aren't taking anything for granted. Our customers' needs and expectations are changing, and we are changing along with them.

EMB JHM MSK

Edward M . Bosowski, Senior Vice President; President, International John H . Meister, Senior Vice President; President, Building Systems Marcia S . Kaminsky, Vice President, Communications

11

Change

One of the most significant changes is the convergence of our wallboard and ceilings customers. Close to three-quarters of our customers now sell both of our major product lines. We're positioning ourselves to provide them with comprehensive, convenient and cost effective service. New products and services are helping us meet the demand for greater value and improved performance. In January 2000 , we reinvented our largest product line with the introduction of U . S . Gypsum's "Next Generation" SHEETROCK brand gypsum panels that offer cleaner scoring and snapping, improved durability and faster installation. U . S . Gypsum also introduced a new family of FIBEROCK sheathing products that is rapidly winning a place in the market. USG Interiors' ceiling products, including CURVATURA ELITE curved grid, allow architects greater creativity and flexibility in their designs. Meanwhile, Design Wizard, a new one-of-a-kind web-based design tool, enables specifiers to create, engineer and print a bill of materials for new ceiling designs. Our work is unfinished. More challenges lie ahead. In 2001, we expect little, if any, growth in our markets. Although there are signs that lower interest rates may give the construction industry a shot in the arm, we will continue to face tough times until the supply of wallboard comes back into balance with demand. High energy costs and other inflationary pressures also are a concern.
Perform

Little is certain in such an environment, except our commitment to leading our markets -- in good times and bad. Our strategic plan provides a roadmap for remaining the low-cost producer, increasing our market share and improving our competitiveness. Now, it's time to perform. We'll focus on a limited number of key issues: Pushing for a fair, comprehensive solution to the asbestos litigation crisis. Quantifying our projected liability through 2003 does not solve the fundamental problem of how asbestos cases are handled in the tort system. Finding a solution that all parties can accept will not be easy, but the recent bankruptcies of otherwise healthy companies benefit no one. We will work hard to help shape and win approval for a national legislative solution.

14

Optimizing our new plants. In 2000 , we concentrated on completing our new production facilities. In 2001, we will focus on making the most of them. As the new facilities have come on-line, we have been fine-tuning the operations to achieve optimal efficiencies and savings. And because we produce the preferred product, we expect to run at higher utilization rates than our competitors. Managing energy costs, working capital and capital expenditures. We'll work harder than ever to manage our energy costs. In fact, as we entered 2001, we already had purchased more than two-thirds of the natural gas we will use during the year, to hedge against future increases. We'll continue to find new ways to improve the management of our inventory, investments and accounts receivable. We plan to reduce capital spending significantly during 2001. We will defer all non-essential capital projects and explore the sale of assets that are not vital to our business. Satisfying our customers. We are operating in a buyer's market. So we must earn our leadership position every day, by providing both excellent products and superb customer service. The changes we have made to the company provide the structure and strengths we need to meet our customers' evolving needs. Now, we must apply those advantages to build stronger relationships with our customers and help them grow and achieve their goals. We want our customers to value USG as much as we value our customers. Although the tests we face bring uncertainty and risk, passing through them will make us stronger and more flexible. And no company in our industry is better prepared to meet these challenges. We have the right strategies. Our brands lead their markets. We're the low-cost producer. Most of all, we have the people. In difficult times, the men and women who work at USG have once again proven that they are the best in the business -- always committed to the better way -- and they have earned my gratitude and respect. With their experience, creativity and plain hard work, we will continue to adapt, change and perform -- and return to the unfinished business of growth.
w

WCF

William C . Foote Chairman, CEO and President February 14, 2001

15

