 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Market conditions created a challenging operating environment for your Company in fiscal year 2015. We faced oversupplied markets that we believe were driven not only by global leaf tobacco overproduction, but also by lower customer demand, caused in part by weak economic conditions in some of their retail markets, particularly Europe. Despite delivering results below expectations in the first half of the fiscal year, we were able to end the year with strong second half results and achieved segment operating income for the fiscal year which was only modestly lower than the prior year. At the same time, we maintained our strong balance sheet and saw an increase in operating cash flows. Most importantly, we demonstrated once again our ability, even in demanding markets, to deliver a compliant product in an efficient manner to our customers and to produce solid fiscal results.
 Net income for fiscal year 2015, was $115 million, or $4.06 per diluted share, compared with last year’s net income of $149 million, or $5.25 per diluted share. Fiscal year 2014’s results included a gain in the first fiscal quarter of $82 million before tax ($1.87 per diluted share) from the favorable outcome of an excise tax-related legal proceeding in Brazil. This year’s results included a further gain related to those tax credits ($0.29 per diluted share) as well as a non-recurring income tax benefit ($0.28 per diluted share). Pretax restructuring costs of $5 million ($0.11 per diluted share) and $7 million ($0.15 per diluted share) were also incurred for fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. Segment operating income, which excludes those items, was $167 million for fiscal year 2015, a decrease of $8 million from the prior year. The lower earnings were primarily due to this year’s lower sales volumes, partially offset by a reduction in our selling, general, and administrative costs.
 4 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION
 
 We completed a major refinancing of our credit facilities in fiscal year 2015. This refinancing provides us with continued flexible and efficient funding mechanisms for our business and extended our long-term debt maturities by five to seven years. In addition, our operations generated $230 million more in operating cash flows in fiscal year 2015, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower green leaf prices and crop purchase volumes. We also increased our cash balances by $85 million, spent $58 million on capital projects, and returned $95 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and repurchases of our common and preferred stock. We are well-positioned as we enter fiscal year 2016 with substantial cash balances and manageable uncommitted inventory levels to support.
We have also continued to work hard this year to ensure that we are prepared to capitalize on opportunities to enhance our business. While we operate in a mature industry, we believe there are prospects to both strengthen and expand our business. As the leading global leaf tobacco supplier, we have a long history in bringing both supply chain efficiencies and agricultural sustainability programs to the leaf tobacco industry. As I like to say, we did sustainability before sustainability became the popular buzzword that it is today. Recently, we have seen an increase in the level of demand for supply chain services, which include direct purchasing, that we provide our customers. We are expanding the supply chain services that we provide in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, and Dominican Republic. Many of these changes are already underway or will begin to be fully implemented in fiscal year 2016. We believe that this trend acknowledges both the efficiencies that we as a global leaf supplier bring to the tobacco leaf industry and the strength of our sustainability programs, including our ability to meet strict customer criteria. I also firmly believe that further opportunities exist for us to increase our market share and to offer expanded services to our customers.
We operate in a unique position in the leaf tobacco industry that allows us to be a catalyst for improved efficiencies throughout the supply chain. We find buyers for all leaf grades and styles of tobacco produced in a farmer’s crop. This role helps to eliminate inefficient allocation of tobacco production, which improves leaf utilization, benefitting all parties involved. In addition to leaf utilization, we bring operational efficiencies to the industry, which in turn helps to reduce costs.These efficiencies include economical utilization of processing
 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 
 capacity in our facilities, an established and scalable global network of agronomists and technicians helping to maintain a stable, productive, and sustainable farmer base, and agronomic and production improvements to optimize leaf yields and qualities. As a result, we are able to offer manufacturers a complete range of services from the field to the delivery of the packed product when they need it, that benefit from our efficiencies. These services include such things as buying station optimization, processing to specific customer specifications or needs, storage of green or packed leaf tobacco, and logistical services. Our global footprint and extensive operations in all major leaf production origins allows us to provide this critical broad range of services and to support our customers’ desires to achieve security of supply while reducing sourcing complexity.
In addition to efficiencies, we also bring established, top quality sustainability programs to the industry. A key aspect to sustainability is the production of compliant leaf tobacco. To be considered compliant, leaf tobacco must be grown using Good Agricultural Practices (GAP). One of our key GAP programs is the Agricultural Labor Practices program, which is featured in this annual report. We have long invested significant resources in programs and infrastructure needed to work with growers to produce compliant leaf and continue to enhance our ability to monitor and demonstrate this compliance to our customers. We believe that compliant leaf requirements and reduction in sourcing complexity will continue to be important to our customers and should favor stable global leaf suppliers who are able to meet these requirements.
Strategically I believe your Company is poised for continued success and that we are in this strong position due to the work of our many outstanding employees around the world. Today I’d like to thank one of them who was not only my partner and sounding board for many years, but also my dear friend, W. Keith Brewer. Keith retired on March 31, 2015 after 38 years of service in the leaf tobacco industry. He brought extensive
 6 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION
 
 knowledge to the table that included expertise in processing and experience leading one of our large regions. As Chief Operating Officer, his job took him around the world, and he wanted to spend more time with his family and less on airplanes. I cannot fault him for that. His leadership, insight, and gentlemanly demeanor will be greatly missed by the entire Universal family. Luckily, Keith did not leave us without a great succession plan. Airton Luis Hentschke succeeded Keith as Chief Operating Officer on April 1st. Airton has been working for Universal since 1991, mainly in South America, and has had as broad an exposure to our business as anyone in our Company. He has served in industrial, financial, and commercial capacities and successfully led one of our largest regions. Airton moved to the United States in January 2013 and until the end of March, worked closely with Keith and also with me.
As we move into fiscal year 2016, we remain focused on continuing to be a leader in bringing both market efficiencies and excellence in our sustainability programs to our customers and returning value to our shareholders. We are in a good position both financially and operationally to capitalize on prospects to strengthen and expand our business. I would like to thank our customers for our long-standing relationships and ongoing business opportunities. I also appreciate the hard work and dedication of my talented colleagues around the globe during this past year and look forward to bringing you continued achievements and rewards in fiscal year 2016.
George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  ANNUAL REPORT 7
 