 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In fiscal year 2014, your Company performed well despite a challenging environment. We remained focused on efficiently managing our business, meeting our customers’ and suppliers’ evolving needs, and returning value to you, our shareholders. In addition, we made several key investments to expand and increase the efficiency of our operations in Africa which are strategic production areas that continue to grow and to position your Company for future success.
Net income for fiscal year 2014, was $149 million, or $5.25 per diluted share, compared with last year’s net income of $133 million, or $4.66 per diluted share. Our results this year included a gain in the first fiscal quarter of $82 million before tax ($1.87 per diluted share) from the favorable outcome of an excise tax-related legal proceeding in Brazil. We expect to use tax credits from this proceeding over the
next four years. Segment operating income, which excludes items like the excise tax gain, was $175 million for fiscal year 2014, a decrease of $58 million from last year. Weaker margins in Brazil from higher green leaf costs, negative foreign currency and exchange loss comparisons, and lower carryover volumes in the first half of the year, partially offset by higher volumes from larger crops this year, negatively impacted our results this year. However, shipping volumes in the second half of the year exceeded those in the comparable period last year.
  4 • UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

 We maintained our sound balance sheet in fiscal year 2014. Our working capital needs tend to be cyclical, and we employed more working capital in fiscal year 2014 than in the prior year when we saw returns of working capital and large cash balances. In fiscal year 2014, purchases of larger crops, tighter margins in Brazil from higher green leaf costs, and investments in production growth in Africa utilized much of the substantial levels of cash flow from the previous fiscal year. Despite these requirements, we were able to reduce debt by $80 million, and we continued to reward our shareholders with more than $75 million in dividends and share repurchases. Over the last three fiscal years, we have strengthened our balance sheet by repaying $128 million in debt, generated over $430 million in net cash flow from operations, and returned almost $209 million to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases.
We have been able to achieve these results and maintain our position as the leading global leaf tobacco supplier largely due to our strong commitment to support both the needs of our growers and our customers through developing sustainable tobacco production. As featured in this annual report, some of the key ways that we develop sustainable tobacco production are by educating farmers in good agricultural practices, supporting programs that help our farmers achieve food security, and promoting agricultural research that can improve yields and enhance grower’s profitability. I think that one of the most exciting ways that we are improving tobacco production at the farm level is through our innovative tablet-based MobiLeaf solution that is bringing standard methods of good agricultural practices to our growers around the world. We use this program to obtain precise GPS locations of grower fields, record on-farm activities and production practices, and track crop yields by farmer. By the end of the calendar year, we are projecting that over 350,000 farmers and 2,000 leaf technicians located in South America, Africa, the European Union, and Central America will be using this valuable tool.
 2014 ANNUAL REPORT • 5

 We continually explore opportunities for investment that will profitably expand and grow our existing business. As we announced last October, we have several new capital projects underway in Africa which will increase and enhance our infrastructure in that region. The largest of the new projects is in Mozambique, where we are expanding tobacco production and processing capabilities to meet strong customer demand. Mozambique tobacco is a compliant product that is highly desired by many of our customers, and we believe that these investments position us favorably for future growth. We expect Africa to continue to grow in importance as a tobacco source and to eventually lead increases in tobacco production outside of China. Due to our expertise in working with grower communities there, we believe that we will continue to be a leader in this important region.
As we announced last August, we have formed a joint venture to produce liquid nicotine for use in electronic cigarettes. The electronic cigarette industry is developing rapidly, and as a leader in leaf tobacco sourcing and agronomic research, we are pleased to bring our expertise to this dynamic market. We are currently shipping out product samples and beginning commercial production. We also announced in April that we had entered the fruit and vegetable food ingredients market through a new business that will produce high quality food grade dehydrated and juiced fruit and vegetable products. Initially the business will focus on value added ingredients derived from sweet potatoes. With this new business, we will be able to offer high quality food ingredients to the food and pet food manufacturing industries while providing tobacco growers with a new market for sweet potatoes. Nearly half of U.S. sweet potato production comes from North Carolina, and they are often grown in rotation with tobacco. We believe that this business offers an attractive business opportunity and helps to sustain tobacco farmers.
 6 • UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

 Our Company’s success comes from the efforts of many talented individuals around the global. Today I would like to thank Charlie Graham. After forty years in the tobacco industry, the last seven as Regional Director for Universal’s operations in Africa, Charlie retired on March 31st. Charlie was instrumental in Universal’s development and expansion of tobacco production in Africa. His vision and tremendous people skills were perfectly suited for aligning our multiple origins in Africa for growth and expansion. Although Charlie leaves behind a strong and capable team to lead this region, we will deeply miss his affable personality and keen insight into the African region.
As fiscal year 2015 gets underway, our strategy remains focused on efficiently managing our business, meeting our customers’ and suppliers’ evolving needs, and returning value to our shareholders. We continue to invest in opportunities to improve our business and to secure sustainable, compliant leaf production and to seek out growth opportunities that enhance our Company’s value and help to sustain tobacco growers. I believe that we are well positioned to manage the cycles inherent in our industry while successfully executing on our strategy.
George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  2014 ANNUAL REPORT • 7
