To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2006 was extremely difficult, with challenges in virtually all of the Company’s business arenas. While we expected the year to be a challenging one due to the impact on sales and margins of a poor quality Brazilian crop and the strength of the Brazilian currency, there were a number of other factors that also contributed to the decline in earnings from last year.
• Weather-related low yields in the Company’s flue-cured growing projects in Malawi and Zambia increased our unit costs for that tobacco and eroded margins;
• Provisions for uncollectible farmer advances, primarily in Brazil and Africa, were $26 million higher than last year;
• A significant drop in almond and sunflower market prices resulted in losses of approximately $17 million in our agri-products segment;
• The closing of our Danville, Virginia, processing plant due to declining tobacco production in the United States resulted in a restructuring charge of $24 million; and
• An impairment charge of $29 million was recorded to adjust our investment in Zimbabwe to estimated fair value following the deconsolidation of that investment under U.S. accounting requirements.
Net income for fiscal year 2006 was $7.9 million or $.31 per diluted share, compared to $96 million, or $3.73 per diluted share in the previous year. Results for the previous year also included some unusual items, primarily a charge of $14.9 million for fines related to the European Union’s investigation of tobacco buying practices in Spain, which are now under appeal. For detailed information on the Company’s fiscal year 2006 performance, please see “Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the following 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
On a positive note, the results for the Company’s U.S. tobacco operations were significantly improved due to operating efficiencies, higher sales volumes and, in the fourth quarter, cost savings from the closing of the Danville facility. In addition, our new processing facility in Mozambique came on line and is performing well. In our non-tobacco businesses, lumber and building products were down $8.1 million for the year, but results were improved in the fourth quarter, and there are signs that the Dutch economy may be improving. Absent the losses associated with market declines in almonds and sunflower seeds, our agri-products business showed significant improvement on the strength of improved markets in rubber, cashews, and seeds. In addition to the rationalization of our U.S. operations, we also undertook a program to significantly reduce overhead. As a result of these actions and the effect of deconsolidating our investment in Zimbabwe under accounting guidelines, which together gave rise to $57.5 million in restructuring and impairment costs, we expect to reduce operating costs by $25 million.
1 | 2006 Annual Report

While our initiatives in fiscal year 2006 will benefit fiscal year 2007 results, and we believe that our business is fundamentally sound, in the coming months we will take several additional steps
to improve the Company’s future performance. We must improve the profitability of the tobacco business and reduce our debt, and we have a plan to do so. The Company must work to restore the balance between leaf supply and demand, particularly in flue-cured tobacco. We will begin the process by reducing our 2007 crop production in Brazil and managing our production and purchases of other tobaccos to ensure that they are consistent with our loyal customers’ requirements. We will focus on generating more cash in the tobacco business by reducing working capital investments and capital expenditures. We will also focus on increasing economic profit in the tobacco business by reducing funds employed and by improving the profitability of our marginal operations or shutting them down. Of course, we also will focus on controlling costs and maintaining our commitment to quality.
As disclosed on March 13, 2006, the Company is cooperating with the appropriate U.S. authorities in investigating potential violations of law reported on the Company’s ethics complaint hotline, and we are taking steps to ensure that no such problems occur in the future. I want to assure you that the Company is committed to operating at all times within the bounds of the law and the Company’s own ethics policies. We will continue to emphasize adherence to the highest moral and ethical standards. Any deviation from our standards will not be tolerated.
In March 2006, we reminded you that as part of our strategy for enhancing shareholder value, the Company routinely evaluates strategic alternatives for our various business units. We are still in discussions regarding an offer for a substantial portion of our non-tobacco business. However, we cannot be certain that these discussions will result in a transaction.
We know that we have a lot of work to do in fiscal year 2007, but we are confident that with the help of committed employees and the support of our loyal customers all over the world that we will achieve our goals. I would like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication during this difficult year. I would also like to thank our valued long-term customers for their support, and you, our shareholders, for your continued support and patience during this difficult year.
Allen B. King
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 Universal Corporation | 2
