 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased with our performance in fiscal year 2009. We achieved our goals of growing earnings per share and generating economic profit. More importantly, we had good results from virtually all of our regional operations. This is not only essential to our long-term success, but symbolic of our commitment to teamwork. We have been working hard over the last few years to create better connections and dialogue among our associates around the world. We believe that these results are tangible proof of our progress and proof that working together toward a common goal can be a powerful force. We saw that force at work with the return of our African region to historical levels of profitability, with increased dialogue with our customers on sustainable quality production, and with our move to new corporate office facilities in Richmond after 40 years in our old headquarters building.
Our African management team has really come together over the last three years following our decision to exit large scale flue-cured growing projects there. As they began that work, they were confronted with a severe shortage of filler burley in the region. That shortage increased our costs and reduced our volumes, delaying recovery. The group has pulled together all of its talents and, in coordination with corporate management and colleagues in other regions, has leveraged the skills of each to produce solid results this year. Congratulations to Charles A.M. Graham, our leader in Africa, who was named Tobacco Man of the Year by the Tobacco International, and well done to everyone else involved in restoring Africa to its proper position within our organization. Thank you all. We see the result of this effort as a prime example of the power of a global team.
Our customers and farmers also play key roles in our team. We never forget that we would not exist without either of them. We wake up every morning remembering that we must constantly earn our customers’ business. They choose to do business with us. We work closely with them to understand their needs and strategies for sustainability of supply of quality leaf tobacco that will meet their needs in the years to come. By combining our knowledge of leaf tobacco, our understanding of our customers’ needs, and the skills and experience of farmers throughout the world, we bring important benefits to each member of the team.
The relocation of our headquarters offices, while perhaps not momentous to the total organization, was an exciting event for all of us here in Richmond. I cannot begin to name all of the people whose efforts made this successful, but we saw the power of individual excellence dedicated to the success of the group, and it was inspiring.
4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               UNIVERSAL CORPORATION
                      
Last year I told you some of our objectives and our progress toward them. I will do the same this year.
• Improve earnings per share
We did it, earning $4.32 per diluted share, compared to $3.71 last year. As I mentioned in the opening paragraph, we did it on the strength of our team. Our North America segment had an outstanding year, with higher volumes compared to last year in both its core business and trading activities. The Other Regions segment as a whole fell slightly as currency remeasurement losses, primarily in Brazil, offset the outstanding underlying operating performance. Our Other Tobacco Operations segment was able to show improvement in operating income this year despite the reduction in our just-in-time inventory service business.
• Generate economic profit
We believe that it is fundamental that we generate economic profit by producing returns from our business that exceed our cost of capital. In fiscal year 2009, we generated economic profit, although the amount was lower than last year because both average working capital and average cost of capital were higher this year. In addition, last year economic profit benefited from several one-time items such as the sale of surplus timber land in Brazil and the acceleration of shipments as we wound down a portion of our special services business.
• Return funds to shareholders
We continued to return funds to shareholders. We increased our common dividend for the 38th consecutive year. We paid $61 million in dividends and repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock for $111 million during the year. As we have said before, our underlying philosophy is to invest in our business where we see good opportunities and to return funds not required in the business to our shareholders. At the end of the fiscal year, we still had $22 million left in our share repurchase program.
• Maintain our strong financial position
This remains a key to our continued success, and during the last year we were especially pleased that we were able to weather the effects of the global financial crisis without any major issues. Granted, the rapid change in developing market currencies increased our costs in fiscal year 2009, but the overall impact on our solid balance sheet did not create significant concerns. Our debt levels continue to be well within our target range of 35% – 45%.
5
 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

• Improve results of marginal origins
Over the last several years, we have focused attention on several small operations that were not meeting our goals. We are pleased to report that each one of them has either met the goals this year or has a solid improvement plan to do so over the next 2 to 3 years.
• Control growth in overhead
We remain keenly focused on overhead and efficiency. We also strive to ensure that we do not make the mistake of cutting something that will hurt us in the long term. The relocation of corporate headquarters to smaller, more efficient facilities is just one example of our recent efforts. We continue to expand our use of video conferencing and voice-over-IP as we invest in technology, which, among other benefits, mitigates the high cost of international travel. Managing overhead, rightsizing, and the elimination of unproductive assets will remain among our objectives.
• Maintain or improve results in all of our regions
We also had a goal to maintain and improve results in all our operating regions. While South America did not match last year’s performance, largely due to currency effects, we achieved this goal in our other regions. As I noted earlier in this letter, we are especially proud of what the African region achieved in restoring its performance to historical levels of profitability in 2009.
Our goals for fiscal year 2010 are consistent with those of last year. We want to increase earnings per share, generate economic profit, and maintain our strong financial position. We also intend to better manage our remeasurement and other currency-related risks in fiscal year 2010 to reduce the effects that we experienced last year. So far in fiscal year 2010, we have seen continued volatility in exchange rates.
I congratulate our worldwide team on a job well done in fiscal year 2009, and look forward to meeting the challenges of fiscal year 2010. We will have to meet those challenges, however, without the guidance of two of our trusted Board members who will retire from the Board this year - Joseph C. Farrell and Walter A. Stosch.
Joe is a member of our Executive Committee; Executive Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee; and Pension Investment Committee. He has served on our Board since August 1996. We will miss his keen insights born of his long business and military experience. Joe has always challenged us, but he has always been fair.
6
 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

Walter is the chairman of our Audit Committee and our designated financial expert under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission. Walter also serves on the Finance Committee. He has served on our Board since February 2000. We appreciate his professional and balanced approach to the chairmanship of the Audit Committee as that role has expanded. His experience as a certified public accountant and leader in the Virginia General Assembly served us well.
These two men are truly gentlemen in the highest sense; we will really miss their insight and their company. With the approval of our shareholders, we look forward to welcoming Robert C. Sledd to our Board of Directors. Robert is Managing Partner of Pinnacle Ventures, LLC, a venture capital firm, and Sledd Properties, LLC, an investment company. He served as Chairman of Performance Food Group Co. (“PFG”), a food service distribution company, from 1995 until June 2008. He served as Chief Executive Officer of PFG from 1987 to 2001 and from 2004 to 2006. He also serves on the board of directors of Owens & Minor, Inc. and SCP Pool Corporation.
We have also seen the retirement of a key member of the global management team. Claude G. Martin, Jr., who ran our Dark Tobacco operation for many years, retired this spring. We will miss Claude’s common sense and extraordinary wit, and we look forward to working with his replacement, Fritz Bossert, who brings a unique viewpoint and many years of experience in those special markets.
George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                 7
    2009 ANNUAL REPORT
      