To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2004 was a nine-month transitional year for Universal. We made the decision to change the Company’s fiscal year end from June 30 to March 31 to better match our reporting periods to the crop
and operating cycles of our largest operations, and to eliminate the three-month reporting lag previously used by most of our foreign subsidiaries. The income that we reported for the nine months ended March 31, 2004, included the results of our foreign subsidiaries for the nine months ended December 31, 2003. It did not include their income for the three months ended March 31, 2004, which represents the reporting lag, or “Lag Quarter.” The income from our foreign sub- sidiaries for the Lag Quarter, which totaled $18.9 million after taxes, was reported as an addition to retained earnings.
The full explanation of our results for this changed fiscal period is contained in the following 2004 Transition Report on Form 10-K. The notes to our consolidated financial statements contain com- parative data to assist you in your review of our per- formance. In addition, we have detailed the impact of a number of unusual items that have affected the Company’s financial results over the past two fiscal years so that you can better understand the underly- ing operating trends. We hope this information will be useful to you.
We are pleased to report that net income
for the nine-month period that ended on March 31, 2004, was $99.6 million, or $3.94 per diluted share, compared to $79.0 million, or $3.08 per diluted share, for the same period last year. Last year’s results included $14.8 million of restructuring
charges before taxes, or $9.5 million after taxes ($.37 per diluted share). The charges related to rationalizing U.S. operations.
Our good results for the nine months reflect improved operating efficiencies and volumes during this period. We believe that continued progress in these areas is vital to our future success. We are working hard on improving efficiencies and increas- ing volumes, and on ensuring that we continue to provide the highest quality of service to our cus- tomers. We believe that our commitment to excep- tional customer service and ability to adapt to challenges in our markets are strengths that have made us a leader in many of our market segments.
Gross revenues were approximately $2.3 billion for the nine-month transitional year, compared to $2.0 billion for the same period last year. Revenues were higher in all business segments. Most of the increase in tobacco revenue came from larger vol- umes shipped from South America. The comparison also benefited from the impact of the stronger euro on translation of revenues from European operations in both tobacco and lumber, and the addition of the revenues of JéWé, a Dutch company acquired in January 2003, which produces and distributes lumber and building products.
We expect fiscal year 2005 to be another challenging year. Worldwide flue-cured and burley production is forecast to increase significantly on
the strength of large Brazilian crops. However, due
to adverse weather, the current Brazilian flue-cured crop has not produced as much ripe leaf as normal, which will make it difficult to provide all of the leaf qualities and styles needed to meet some customers’
1
2004 Transition Report
   
2
2004 Transition Report
 requirements during fiscal year 2005. African leaf volumes will continue to be depressed following the four-year decline in Zimbabwean crops as a result
of instability in that country. Although production in Brazil has expanded rapidly to replace much of the lost Zimbabwe volume, we are continuing to make significant investments in crop expansion in a number of African countries to provide a more diverse supply base. We expect to see the benefits from these investments in the form of larger volumes of African leaf beginning in fiscal year 2006.
U.S. volumes continue to slide, reflecting non-competitive leaf prices, and the absence of any meaningful change in the federal tobacco program. Discussions are ongoing in Congress on legislation that would “buy out” quotas and eliminate production controls and price supports. If enacted, such legisla- tion could, over time, benefit the competitive position of U.S. leaf in the world market. In any case, our recent investments in state-of-the-art U.S. processing facilities should enable us to operate efficiently in the U.S. environment. However, our comparisons of fiscal year 2005 results to those of 2004 will be unfavorably affected by the inclusion of approximately $11 million in overhead costs in the United States. These costs were not included in fiscal year 2004 results due to the change in the fiscal year end mentioned earlier. In non-tobacco operations, there are some early indi- cations that economic conditions in Europe that ulti- mately will affect our lumber operations are improving, and we are also seeing more favorable market condi- tions for a number of the agricultural products that we handle. Overall, we remain confident that your Company is well structured to deal with the challenges
of our markets and well positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the year ahead.
We once again thank all of our employees around the world for their hard work and commitment and express appreciation to our customers and to you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence and support.
The Company cautions readers that any forward- looking statements contained herein are based upon management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events, including anticipated levels of demand for and supply of the Company’s products and services; costs incurred in providing these prod- ucts and services; timing of shipments to customers; changes in market structure; and general economic, political, market, and weather conditions. Lumber and building products earnings are also affected by changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro. Actual results, therefore, could vary from those expected. For more details on factors that could affect expectations, and for more information on the Company’s fiscal year 2004 operating results, please see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the following 2004 Transition Report on Form 10-K.
Allen B. King
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
   