TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 I am pleased with our successful execution of our business strategy this year. Following two years of record results, we ended fiscal year 2012 in a solid position. Segment operating income for the year was strong at about $224 million. We effectively managed our balance sheet throughout the period and ended the year with reduced uncommitted inventory levels and a higher cash position. We also increased our common stock dividend for the 41st consecutive year. Despite oversupply conditions that reduced green tobacco prices in many major markets and pressured margins, we earned net income of $3.25 per diluted share, including the effect of unusual items which reduced
diluted earnings per share by $1.42. The largest component of those items was a charge related to a European Union court’s decision to reject an application to reinstate immunity in an antitrust case. We are appealing that decision. As the current season unfolds, we are seeing crop sizes come down in most of the key sourcing areas for flue-cured tobacco, and global markets are beginning to strike a balance between supply and demand. However, a production shortfall in the current crop in Malawi is causing a sharp reduction in burley tobacco supply.
We are often asked how our company is able to consistently perform well, and I believe that one of our core strategic advantages is our competence and experience in the ever changing global market. We have strong regional management teams with deep local roots in the industry and in the more than 30 countries and 5 continents where we operate. This helps us better identify and react in a timely manner to constantly evolving market conditions and provides us with market-specific knowledge quickly. With
 3
 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

our strong local operations, we are also able to make changes at the farm level with our contracted growers. As an example of our strong local relationships, our senior regional and corporate executives were recently invited to meet with President Joyce Banda, the new president of the Republic of Malawi, to discuss sustainable tobacco production there. We couple our local expertise with global coordination to efficiently address customers’ needs. We focus on understanding what our customer wants and bring ninety years of experience and an unparalleled depth of industry knowledge to the table.
We also adapt to meet new challenges. In recent years we have dealt with a wide array of challenges including changes in some of our customer sourcing arrangements, cyclical market supply imbalances, and a developing regulatory environment. We have evolved from a leaf dealer to a leaf service provider as the quality requirements of our customers have expanded to include the need for compliant leaf. We closely monitor regulatory developments such as FDA regulation of tobacco products and Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (“FCTC”) guidelines to understand how these regulations may impact our customers’ leaf needs.
We take a long-term approach to this business as demonstrated by our longstanding involvement in initiatives promoting sustainability. We understand the importance of a strong, consistent supplier base. We are committed to strengthening the integrity of the supply chain, which includes measureable efforts to promote sustainable production. We work to ensure that tobacco we source is grown using Good Agricultural Practices (GAP), providing a reasonable return to the grower, minimizing long-term
 4
 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

impacts on the environment, and without the use of child labor. We strive to maintain processing facilities that are environmentally sound, efficiently use energy and natural resources, and provide a safe working environment. We also work to make a positive impact in the communities in which we operate through our support of social programs designed to address issues such as access to schools and clean water. We are currently adopting an internal sustainability monitoring program modeled after the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). This program will help us measure the effectiveness of our sustainability activities and set priorities related to future initiatives. I am very pleased with these undertakings, and as we move into fiscal year 2013, I believe that our company will continue to succeed by meeting the needs of our shareholders, customers, employees, growers, and communities.
Dr. Eugene Trani has served on the Finance, Pension Investment, and Audit Committees of our Board of Directors and will retire from the Board in August. I would like to thank Dr. Trani for his twelve years of dedicated service to the Company. We have greatly benefited from his leadership and strategic vision. We will miss him and wish him well.
 George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 5
 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
