TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 I am proud that Universal Corporation has a track record of consistently delivering good results and returning significant value to our shareholders. Fiscal year 2013 results were no exception, as we achieved earnings of $4.66 per diluted share. Segment operating income of $233 million for fiscal year 2013 increased by $9 million, compared to the prior year, on improved performance in our Other Regions and Other Tobacco Operations segments, partially offset by a decline in our North America segment. These results are notable because they are stronger than we had anticipated at the start of the fiscal year and reflect benefits from sales of previously uncommitted inventories and carryover shipments of large African and South American crops. Lower selling, general, and administrative costs also bolstered our
results, reflecting both the positive effects of our targeted cost reduction and efficiency improvement efforts, as well as some cost benefits, such as currency remeasurement and exchange gains, which are unpredictable.
As fiscal year 2014 begins, we are seeing larger crop sizes in many key sourcing areas for flue-cured and burley tobacco. Sales activity has been robust thus far this year, driven by strong demand for burley and quality flavor flue-cured tobaccos. In fact, current year crop levels for burley tobacco are not expected to meet global requirements. We also hold very low levels of uncommitted inventory available for sale to our customers and will not have the benefit of carryover shipments that helped our results in fiscal year 2013. While we expect another productive year in fiscal 2014, total volumes shipped may be lower.
Over the last three fiscal years, we have earned over $700 million in segment operating income and strengthened our balance sheet by repaying almost $103 million in debt. We also generated over $488 million in net cash flow from operations and returned almost $240 million to our shareholders over that period through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. I believe that we have been able to deliver these impressive achievements because we have remained focused on our goal of supplying a compliant product that meets our customers’ requirements in a competitive yet sustainable manner.
As we portray in our annual report this year, a vast amount of work and expertise goes into tobacco production well before the first seedlings emerge from the soil. We have long been a leader in our industry by successfully working with both our farmers and our customers to cultivate the quality leaf desired by our customers while at the same time promoting a strong sustainable supplier base. We train our farmers to grow tobacco using good agricultural practices designed to meet our customers’ need for a compliant product while promoting sustainable crops. We also believe in supporting our grower communities; this support comes in many forms, from providing safe, clean drinking water to building clinics and schools.
4
 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

Our long-term challenge is to source enough leaf tobacco to meet sustained growth in demand. We expect that ongoing demand for leaf tobacco will continue to grow at a slow rate primarily due to increased consumption in emerging markets. As the global supply of tobacco remains tight, we explore ways to expand production in areas where it makes economic sense. We have been successful at this in the past, particularly in Africa, as evidenced by our operations in Mozambique, where we have dramatically expanded tobacco production. We expect Africa to continue to grow in importance as a tobacco source and to eventually lead increases in tobacco production outside of China. Due to our expertise in working with grower communities there, we believe that we will continue to be a leader in this important region. Universal plays a vital role with respect to the global supply of tobacco. We expect that provision of compliant leaf, security of supply, and social responsibility concerns will continue to increase in importance in the future. Meeting these requirements will involve significant efforts on our part, and we are well-positioned, both operationally and fiscally, to address those needs.
The success of our company is attributable to the knowledge and hard work of many talented individuals around the world. Two of these valued colleagues are retiring this year after many years of service to the Company. Jeremiah J. Sheehan is retiring from our Board of Directors. He has been a valued Director for the last fifteen years. He has served on many committees, most recently chairing the Executive Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee and serving on the Executive and Audit Committees. His breadth of experience from having run a multinational public company, as well as his leadership and ability to ask insightful and challenging questions will be missed. More personally, he was a mentor to me especially in my early years in my position. I appreciate his guidance.
We also have been extremely fortunate to have had Orlando Astuti at the helm of our European operations, guiding us through difficult market changes there in recent years. We are the only independent, global leaf supplier with significant operations remaining in Europe. I believe Orlando’s leadership is the main reason that we have been able to remain and continue to succeed in this region. With thirty years of experience in the tobacco industry, he is not only a talented manager, but also an untiring advocate for European tobacco growers. He has been a dear friend to his colleagues in Richmond and around the world. We will miss his keen intellect and his subtle wit. I thank both of these individuals for their many years of service to our company.
 George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
5
 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
