

icer e Off Executiv f e i h C d ident, an irman, Pres George C. Freeman, III Cha

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I am very pleased with the results that your company achieved in fiscal year 2016. We successfully managed a second year of oversupplied markets, achieving modest growth in overall volumes for the year and improved margins. Our selling, general, and administrative expenses were also lower due in part to the strong U.S. dollar this year. We continued to handle our inventories in a prudent fashion, with our fiscal year end uncommitted stocks at lower levels than last year, comfortably within our target range. Net income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was $109.0 million, or $3.92 per diluted share, compared with last year's net income of $114.6 million, or $4.06 per diluted share. Those results included certain non-recurring items, detailed in our Form 10-K, which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.02 and $0.46 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Excluding those items in both years, net income for the fiscal year increased $6.8 million ($0.30 per diluted share) compared to the same period last year. Segment operating income, which excludes those items, was $186.1 million for fiscal year 2016, an increase of $18.8 million, or 11%, from the prior year. That improvement was primarily attributable to a reduction in selling, general, and administrative costs, as well as improved gross margins on this year's modestly higher sales volumes. Revenues of $2.1 billion for fiscal year 2016 declined 7% compared with the previous year, driven mainly by lower green leaf costs and lower processing revenues, partly mitigated by the increase in volumes. We continue to believe that financial strength is critical. It enables us to fund our global operations efficiently and to facilitate investment when suitable opportunities arise. In fiscal year 2016, our operations generated $184 million in operating cash flows, and we returned more than $60 million in dividends to our shareholders, closed the year with higher cash balances, which will support upcoming seasonal working capital requirements in fiscal year 2017, and preserved our solid financial position. We have also been working hard this year to give more visibility to the many good things that your company does around the world to benefit the communities in which we operate. We are calling these actions the "Universal Effect" to remind us that every decision each of us takes, whether immediate or long-term, impacts the communities we both serve and on whom we depend. We are also focusing on

4

six areas where we are taking actions that ripple outward, and we believe have a major impact--farmer support, sustainability, education, community support, youth support, and our Universal Leaf Foundation. Our programs and actions have directly impacted more than 2 million people thus far in tobacco growing areas, showing how every action ripples out to affect another. We have featured the Universal Effect in this annual report and on our website, and I encourage you to read more about it. We also believe that it is such an essential element of your company and how we do business that we've incorporated it into our refreshed logo, which should serve as a constant reminder to all of us to be mindful of the lasting impacts of our actions. Two of our Board of Directors who have had a positive impact on our Company have reached the end of their terms. Chet Crocker joined the Board in 2004, and recently has served on the Finance and Pension Investment Committees. Chet's vast knowledge and experience in the politics of sub-Saharan Africa has been invaluable to me and the Company. It is no coincidence that during his tenure we have expanded in that area, particularly in Mozambique. Charlie Foster is our longest serving director, having been part of the Board for almost 23 years. Charlie has served on many committees during his tenure, but most recently has been our Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Executive Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee, and a member of the Executive Committee. Charlie has been a great resource to me and the Company, having run a major public company himself and having a vast knowledge of the Company. Both Chet and Charlie have been true gentlemen-- pleasant, professional, and honorable. We thank them for their distinguished service. As we move into fiscal year 2017, we remain excited about our prospects and look forward to continuing our leadership role in the industry. We will continue to work for and with our customers to improve efficiencies in our markets and to provide a sustainable, compliant, and competitively priced product, allowing us to fulfill their needs and to continue to provide value to our shareholders.

George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

5

