A letter from our CEO

Dear Shareholders, Visa had another strong year in 2013. Net revenue was $11.8 billion, a 13 percent increase over 2012. Net income increased 18 percent to $5.0 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 23 percent to $7.59, compared to 2012 adjusted results. These results are gratifying as they were achieved in a period of modest and uneven economic growth, political uncertainty, and diplomatic tensions across the world.
While we are proud of these results, we know that you, like us, are equally focused on what we are doing to build our business for the long term. Visa operates in a dynamic industry with tremendous growth potential, but we have strong and increasing competition of all types and sizes. We do not take our leadership position for granted, and we are working hard to maintain our position at the forefront of electronic payments globally. instant credit was appealing. For local merchants, credit cards opened new opportunities for growth. Unlike their large counterparts, smaller retailers were unable to effectively offer store credit or other emerging payment options. General purpose credit cards offered two advantages: 1. Customers could walk into a store and not be constrained by the amount of cash in their pockets. 2. Banks could step in and provide a host of services for the merchant, such as recordkeeping, assessing creditworthiness and managing that credit. Both merchants and consumers recognized the value proposition, and each was willing to pay for the benefits, but the product only made sense if both parties fully participated.

Building on Our Legacy
In the one year since I became CEO of Visa Inc., I have learned a great deal about the company and our history. In particular, I have come to appreciate how our history charts a clear path for our continued success.

The credit card business had its ups and downs in these early years and, after several years of trying to build a network within Our business traces its roots to 1958, when an innovation center the bank, Bank of America believed more value could be run by Bank of America began to mail cards to its customers in realized by creating a broader, more open network. They began to license the program to banks across the world in the late Fresno, California, where it did business with about 45 percent of the families living there. At the same time, the bank met with 1960s, allowing them to use different brand names locally. local retailers and explained that many local families would Two changes took place in the 1970s that defined our soon have these cards. In a short space of time, a network was organization and reshaped an entire industry. First, created that would benefit both parties. BankAmericard became an independent entity that was eventually united under a common global brand -- Visa. The benefits to accountholders and retailers were clear, Second, Visa launched VisaNet, the world's first truly electronic assuming enough people used the card and enough retailers authorization, clearing and settlement system, which enabled accepted the card. For the consumer, the idea that one card transactions to be completed in seconds. could provide the benefits of a charge card with access to

These two milestones brought scale, security, reliability, and ubiquity to what was a fragile and fragmented business.

making access to our network easier and making a transaction that is run over our network more valuable for our clients than any other method of payment.

Visa continued to operate as a series of entities owned In 2013, we sharpened our commitment to our role as a regionally by banks across the world until 2007, when the United States; Canada; Latin America and Caribbean; Asia Pacific; network by doing the following:  We ensured our investments were focused on building and Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa regions merged to form Visa Inc. This company went public in March network volume. 2008 in one of the largest and most successful IPOs in history.  We reoriented our data products initiatives to deliver analytics that directly support our clients' needs and drive The defining characteristics of our business during the past 50 their business. We already know that our data can be applied years are the same ones that will enable our success for the to make payments safer and more seamless and, while we next 50: will continue to enhance our risk and fraud management 1. We are a payments network. solutions, we will use our skills to enhance client revenue 2. We are a partner and enabler to those who have direct growth through offers, loyalty, and analytics. We will do this in relationships with consumers, businesses, merchants, and a way that is conscious of privacy concerns. now also those who can accelerate the electronification of  We refocused our digital wallet to simplify issuer and payments. merchant integration and processing flow, limit our direct 3.Superior technology and innovation are critical to our success. consumer interaction, and focus on our role of building 4. We strive to always be the best way to pay and be paid for simple online acceptance on the Internet and mobile devices. everyone, everywhere.

Payments Network
We love the role that we play as a payments network. As a business, we have wide profit margins, strong and consistent revenue growth, and high returns on capital. We connect billions of buyers and millions of sellers in more than 200 countries and territories by creating a secure environment for them to exchange value without relying on cash and checks. Our network has enormous advantages over the cash transactions it replaces. We enable economies to grow faster by giving people access to a line of credit, bank account, or prepaid balance instantly at the point of sale, and Visa transactions are safer for consumers and merchants of all sizes. We run one of the world's only real-time global networks -- VisaNet -- which processes almost 12,000 transaction messages per second during peak season and is capable of processing almost four times that number. We run our network to a standard of being fully operational 99.99999 percent of the time. When someone wants to run a transaction over our network, he or she expects it will work, and so do we. Our network is much more than physical connections and a processing infrastructure. We manage a network of partners that derive value by accessing VisaNet. Globally, we have 14,600 financial institution clients -- issuers and acquirers that manage relationships they have with more than 2.1 billion accountholders and more than 36 million merchant acceptance locations. Our products can be used at a physical point of sale, over the telephone, on the Internet, or using a mobile device. Few have assets like ours and they are very hard to replicate. We want to grow by increasing transactions over our network. We strive to have the fastest, most secure, and most reliable network in the industry, but more important for our growth is

Partners -- Creating the Right Balance for Growth and Enabling Those Who Can Accelerate Electronic Commerce
From the very beginning, Visa's success has depended on the strength of our relationships with our clients, whether they are financial institutions that issue our products or acquirers that work with merchants to accept our products. We value these relationships and the role they play. The leverage we get in our business is built on the relationships our partners maintain with their millions of customers. Our founder, Dee Hock, called Visa "an enabling organization." While our products are not unique to any one particular segment of the population or the world, the way they can be delivered is. Cash is the common enemy everywhere, and our products enable our clients in this fight. Financial institution clients issue our products and acquirer clients drive acceptance of our products. But we also need the end users, accountholders and merchants, to value them. We have more work to do to create the correct balance among all parties in our payments stream, especially in the developed world. In the developing world and for small merchants globally, we provide value that is quickly understood and endorsed, as it was in the early days of the BankAmericard program. However, our actions and, at times, our inactions have caused merchants in some parts of the developed world to question the value they receive from our services, leaving them skeptical that we value their partnership as much as we actually do. As a company and as an industry, we can change this. We need to ensure we deliver solutions that provide tangible value and help merchants grow their business so that the value of acceptance clearly matches the costs that merchants pay.

To that end, we made some progress in 2013 to strengthen partnerships with issuers and acquirers, and to begin the process of recasting our relationship with merchants.  We reorganized the company to move all client-facing functions under common management.  We created a merchant relationship and product management group within the company so we can treat merchants as full partners, and create and deliver customized, merchant-centric solutions focused on helping them grow.  We created a customized solution for one of our large financial institution clients that enables it to use our network to deliver tailored solutions to merchants. Here are some examples of how we are enabling our growth and accelerating the migration from cash and checks: 1. Grupo Bimbo, the world's largest bakery, has relationships with more than 700,000 small merchants across Mexico. By working directly with Grupo Bimbo as a distribution channel for innovative point-of-sale solutions, we are able to free these merchants and their customers from the cost, constraints, and inefficiencies of cash. 2. In Rwanda, where we have a partnership with the government to accelerate the electronification of commerce, we brought mVisa to life. Designed to meet the needs of the 77 percent of Rwandan adults who are financially underserved, mVisa is an interoperable mobile money solution from Visa that uses VisaNet and makes use of the Fundamo technology acquired by Visa in 2011. With more

than half of all Rwandan banks now supporting mVisa or committed to join the ecosystem, the solution is a great example of how Visa assets can help address an important socioeconomic issue for developing economies worldwide: financial inclusion. 3. We continue to develop our business in Myanmar and to build out the payments infrastructure there. In 2013, we licensed eight member banks, and today we have acceptance of Visa-branded cards and products at more than 160 ATMs and 100 points of sale.

Technology and Innovation
For decades Visa has been misperceived as a credit card company or as a financial institution. In reality, we are a digital payments network. Our business is people-light and technology-heavy. Our revenues per employee are among the highest of any large-cap company in the world. We enable commerce across the globe by digitizing the exchange of value, and we don't do this just with people. This needs to be supported primarily with technology that can authorize, clear, and settle transactions in more than 175 currencies within seconds. To do this, we have to have superb technology that is scalable and reliable. Innovation in payments has defined Visa. Our credit, debit, prepaid and commercial products have changed the way commerce works everywhere. We have enabled payments by

card, phone, computer and mobile device, and we are now working to accelerate the shift from cash and check not just to cards but to all other digital channels. We continue to innovate ourselves, but we also live in a world where we don't have to provide all of the technology in the payments value chain. We need to embrace partners who want to use our network to advance the electronification of payments. We need to work with many other entities -- including governments, mobile network operators and mobile device manufacturers. We talk about innovating "at the edge of the network" as a powerful catalyst for the growth of our business and the continuing migration from cash to electronic payments. As companies develop payment innovations such as new point-of-sale technologies, we benefit from their innovations. At the same time, they benefit from the investments we make to ensure VisaNet is the most secure and reliable payments system in the world. To that end, there are several important things we did in 2013 to enhance our technology and innovate in the payments world: 1. We announced industry standards with industry partners to move to a newly tokenized payments environment. These standards will create a secure environment for digital payments by removing sensitive information from the payments data flow. Just as important, they will create a framework to ensure that the security and integrity of the payments system are maintained as new payments participants emerge. This initiative is in its early days, and

we are working on both the technical implementation as well as the practical implications. There will be more to come in the future, but we are excited about the possibilities here. 2. We launched the Visa Ready Program to help accelerate the introduction of innovative payment solutions globally. This program provides the structure and clarity our partners and clients need to develop and quickly introduce Visa-compliant devices, software and solutions that can be used to initiate or accept Visa-branded cards or payment products. Further, the program provides mobile point-of-sale providers with certification of mobile acceptance device hardware and software used for processing Visa transactions.

We Are the Best Way to Pay and Be Paid for Everyone, Everywhere
Early in Visa's history, we articulated a clear and simple goal: to be the best way to pay and be paid. Everything we have built -- our network, our products, our relationships -- is anchored in this idea. Safety and Security: Accountholder and merchant safety and security are core to this concept of the best way to pay and be paid. We live in a world where crime of all types is a fact of life, and our products set the highest standards and provide the safest and most secure way to exchange value across the

globe. Eliminating cash reduces physical crime, but we all know cybercrime has emerged as a large concern. We understand the importance of both protecting the data that passes through our network and controlling access to the network itself. Much has been discussed about the potential to disintermediate large payment networks, but do not underestimate the value of our network security and risk assessment capabilities.

Addressing Our Challenges
While we are proud of our performance and believe our opportunities are still great, we challenge ourselves every day to make sure we are doing everything we can to thrive.

Unfortunately, the payments industry has been and will continue to be the target of legislation and regulation across the world. We will work with governments to ensure the value of our payments system is better understood. The irony is Every time a transaction is initiated across our network, we run that different parts of the same governments are enthusiastic proprietary risk models in near real time to determine whether users of our products -- from prepaid benefits disbursement the transaction should be approved. Our centralized processing to managing procurement and other corporate expenses. As architecture allows us to scan, evaluate and react to risks with merchants, we must bridge the gap with governments quickly. We work continuously to enhance our network's fraud- between our price and our value. detection performance. As a result of our efforts, fraud across the Visa system remains at historic lows at less than 6 cents for Evolving technologies can also be either an opportunity or a every $100 transacted. challenge. If we do not evolve our thinking on network access Cybercrime is global and well-funded, and the criminals are getting bolder and smarter, while attacks are becoming more frequent. We have been improving the security of our environment for 50 years and understand that we need to continue this work every hour of every day. People trust networks until they don't, and we've earned the right to be trusted and will continue to earn that trust. We have some of the most talented people and sophisticated technology to combat threats, and will continue to invest here. For Everyone, Everywhere: As we considered the many opportunities that lie ahead, we added three very important words to our goal of being the best way to pay and be paid -- for everyone, everywhere. Our products and services are commonplace and "dial tone" in much of the sophisticated world. People take for granted how electronic payments help them live their lives every day, as it is just a part of how they live. However, for the 2.5 billion people worldwide who lack access to formal financial services, a Visa product -- whether it's a prepaid card or a service accessed through a mobile phone -- can be life-changing. It can enable a farmer in Rwanda to store funds on his phone so he can pay his child's school tuition. It allows a grandmother in Mexico to buy groceries without the fear of being robbed on her way to the store. and partnership, other competing networks will be more attractive. Network integrity and data security are also an opportunity and a challenge. Networks earn trusted status in the eyes of merchants and consumers by providing robust protection against fraud. We have earned this right, but we need to continue to earn it every day.

Capital Management
Since going public, we have had a consistent view of capital management.

Let me review our guiding principles: 1. We believe the highest and best use of our excess capital is reinvesting organically in our business, followed by acquisitions to further our growth. We treat decisions to invest our capital organically and through acquisitions as serious, independent, and analytically rigorous decisions. We do not target a specific amount but are happy if the number is large. The more we reinvest in our business, the better we feel about our future. 2. After supporting our growth, we believe in continuing to grow our dividend, targeting a 20 percent payout ratio of trailing 12-month net income. Visa is in a unique position to advance financial inclusion 3. The final use of our excess capital is buying back our stock. around the world. We have the infrastructure, the products, We have been aggressive buyers of our stock and will the expertise and the relationships to bring secure and reliable continue to do this, always with an eye toward valuation. financial tools to the world's unbanked. We understand that when we buy back our stock we are making an investment decision, and so far our buyback Advancing financial inclusion brings tremendous social and program has proved to be beneficial for our shareholders. economic benefit to the world. It is not, however, purely a 4. We believe in returning the majority of excess cash to philanthropic strategy for Visa. We are investing heavily to shareholders. We have repurchased the equivalent of 151 provide more people with access to our network because it will million shares since our IPO (about 20 percent of our shares drive our long-term success as well. outstanding) and returned more than $17 billion of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and share repurchases.

In October 2013, we announced a 21 percent increase in our dividend, from 33 cents per share per quarter to 40 cents. We also announced our tenth and most significant share repurchase authorization to date -- $5 billion. Both of these actions are consistent with our views of capital management, but also reflect the confidence we have in our future.

Earlier, I mentioned the importance of improving our merchant relationships. We have been able to grow even though some of the largest merchants in the world have not been supportive. If we can convince them of the value of our network and deliver solutions to help them grow, they will become partners that help us grow in ways they have not in the past.

The Opportunity
We look forward to and are excited about our future. We embrace our role at the center of one of the most dynamic industries in the world. Our market position is extraordinary, and we have outstanding clients that we value beyond what we can say. Our business is centered on partnerships of all sizes, from the 2,900 issuers internationally to the 11,700 issuers in the United States. We have a leading share of seven of the top 10 credit issuers' business in the United States, long-term contracts with more than 600 U.S. financial institutions, leading share with credit union and community bank associations, and leading share among global payment networks at 17 of the top 25 international issuers in our geographies (with 60 percent of international cards being issued from smaller issuers). Seven of the top 10 co-brands in North America issue Visa, and we work with more than 3,000 government programs in more than 30 countries. Our business is global and it's becoming more global. More than 45 percent of our revenues are generated outside of the United States and growing at a much faster rate. To support this opportunity, we are adding resources locally to support our partners. While our headcount growth in the United States has been 21 percent during the past two years, the increase internationally has been more than 30 percent in the same time period. More than half our growth is attributable to the shift from cash and checks to electronic payments. The good news for Visa and our shareholders is that cash remains the way much of the world still pays for goods and services. A total of 41 percent of consumer spending in the developed world and 62 percent in the developing world is made using cash and checks -- about $11 trillion in our markets and increasing. Our business also succeeds as world economies grow. Personal consumption expenditure (PCE) is the biggest driver of gross domestic product growth across the world, and as it grows, transactions over our network grow. As world economies strengthen, we will be beneficiaries of that accelerated growth.

Our People
This great company of yours has been built by some of the best minds in the payments space and continues to be filled with some of the most talented people in the industry. I have had the opportunity to meet many of our 9,500 employees during my travels, and I am inspired every day by their knowledge, entrepreneurial spirit and, most importantly, their commitment to our clients. They are proud to work at Visa, as am I, and we work every day to build a stronger business on your behalf. We will do everything we can to make Visa the best place to work and will continue to build the talent base by bringing in thought leaders from outside our company. As shareholders you should also know that you have an experienced, engaged, and independent-thinking board. Sadly, Gary P. Coughlan, who like all of the independent directors has been a member since the IPO, has decided not to stand for re-election. Gary has been an active and valuable member of the Visa board since 2007. I want to thank Gary for his years of service. We will miss his experience and guidance. In November, we announced that the board nominated two outstanding individuals, Alfred F. Kelly, Jr. and Maynard G. Webb, Jr., for election as directors of the company at our 2014 Annual Meeting in January. Al and Maynard have a wealth of experience from their previous roles at American Express and eBay, respectively. There is no question that we will continue to face challenges as the world and our industry undergo continued disruption and uncertainty. The fact that Visa is so well positioned to weather these challenges and face the future with such confidence is attributable to the strong foundation established by the employees and board at Visa. Thank you for the trust and confidence you have in us. We will continue to do all we can to make you happy and proud shareholders.

In addition, mobile technology has created a huge opportunity that did not exist five years ago. Creating a network in developing areas of the world is hard and takes years if not decades. Installing physical terminals, connecting them through a physical network, and getting cards into the hands of consumers are all hard tasks. Charles W. Scharf Chief Executive Officer Today, most merchants and consumers have mobile devices. We have the ability to connect these devices to our network to digitize Visa Inc. commerce in a very short time. This opens markets for growth that did not exist five years ago.

