A letter from our CEO Charles W. Scharf

Dear Shareholders, Visa had a good year in 2014. Net revenue was $12.7 billion, an 8% increase over 2013. Adjusted net income increased 15% to $5.7 billion, and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 19% to $9.07, compared to 2013 results.

Our results continue to be gratifying as they were achieved in a continued period of uneven economic growth and geopolitical tensions. The underlying macro drivers that benefit our business continue ­ we grow with the global economy and we benefit from the continuing movement from cash and check to electronic payments. But our opportunities today go well beyond these macro trends. New technologies and the digitization of commerce allow us to reach markets and

provide services not possible just one year ago. This trend will continue and create great opportunities for us in the years and decades to come. Our business is enviable. We run a great global network of 14,300 financial institutions, more than 36 million merchant acceptance locations (excluding mobile points of acceptance which are estimated to be over 8 million), and 2.3 billion cards issued, all of which drove $7.3 trillion in total volume in

fiscal 2014. These numbers are astounding. Our model of working through partners has worked and continues to work exceptionally well, and has helped us achieve our significant growth and scale. While we are proud of our success, we believe the opportunities in front of us are even greater than what we have already seen. Opportunities exist everywhere we do business and across all of our products. We come to work every day pursuing these opportunities and believe that rigorous focus on clear goals will enable us to drive growth and achieve continued success as the premier global payments company. Our six goals are: 1. Evolve our client interactions to even deeper partnerships with financial institutions, merchants, and new industry partners 2. Transform Visa's technology assets to drive efficiency and enable innovation 3. Achieve success as a leading partner for digital payments comparable to what we have achieved in the physical world

4. Expand access to Visa products and services globally 5. Champion payment system security for the industry 6. Be the employer of choice for top talent

Partnerships Client relationships have always been important at Visa, but given how the world has changed, we need to do even more to be the payments partner of choice. We were built in partnership with the financial institutions to create an electronic payment acceptance mark and a processing environment capable of significantly broader scale than was possible by any individual bank. We are different than consumer product companies in that historically the financial institutions, not Visa, defined and controlled the product proposition to the consumer. This has been purposeful and we have benefited through financial institution product competition which has resulted in more innovation.

While we are proud of our success, we believe the opportunities in front of us are even greater than what we have already seen.

We sit between two groups of business partners, issuers and acquirers, who maintain relationships with the end users of our products. The issuers maintain and believe they own the relationship with the consumer, and the acquirers maintain and believe they own the relationship with the merchants ­ who ultimately have a direct relationship with those same consumers. Our success is parallel to their success. They need to grow for us to be successful. Visa's current B2B model enjoys many benefits. It is significantly easier and faster to scale than direct to end user models. It limits our exposure to credit and fraud risk, and reduces the need for us to build capabilities such as large scale customer support. As a result, we have built a network that provides reliability, ubiquity and a consistent experience

for consumers and merchants across the globe. Our financial institution partners, on the other hand, have focused on building strong relationships with end users (consumers and merchants), developing the underlying infrastructure and operations to support those relationships, and differentiating themselves based on value-added services over and above the network offering. Financial Institutions I have talked of our rich history of building strong relationships with our financial institution clients, but we know that they no longer control Visa and expect much more from us than ever before. They also have choices and are always evaluating our value versus our competitors. When we compete for their business, they will make the decision based upon the quality of our brand and the price of our

services, but they also evaluate who will be the best payments partner to help them achieve their strategic objectives ­ which usually revolve around growth. They ask who provides the best analysis, who has marketing ideas, who has the best product ideas, who has the best technology and who can they learn the most from as the world evolves. It is these interactions - acting as an extension of our clients inside of their organizations - which will embed us inside the financial institutions and provide the most differentiation between our competitors and us. In 2014, we continued to have great success strengthening our partnerships with issuers and acquirers, signing numerous multi-year agreements.

Merchants I have talked in the past of the importance in building deeper relationships with merchants. We know that networks like ours are successful when all sides of the payments value chain want to use our products. In the same way that we have built issuer perceptions over time, we want merchants to perceive us as a partner of choice because we bring them ideas to minimize cost and help drive their growth. While the acquirers are great partners and provide the scale for us to access over 36 million merchant acceptance locations globally, we also need to demonstrate the value we deliver in the marketplace ourselves. Without this, the acquirers' revenue is jeopardized as well and importantly, together, we can create stronger business partnerships with merchants. We have a unique ability to improve the value proposition for the merchant by offering services that can help them

grow their sales or reduce their risk, not just minimize their expenses. This includes many of the same services we provide for issuers such as risk management, analytics, loyalty, and payments consulting, but we can do even more. In 2014, we began to demonstrate progress against our commitment to merchants. · We built Visa Checkout to be easy for merchants to integrate into their websites and mobile experiences. The simple consumer experience was designed to benefit merchants as well by increasing conversion rates. And we have worked closely with merchants to develop joint marketing campaigns that drive new customers and higher volume to their sites while increasing Visa Checkout enrollment and benefiting the issuers as well. · We rolled out Visa Transaction Advisor, a risk management tool

designed to reduce fraud at automated fuel dispensers by identifying transactions that could involve lost, stolen or counterfeit cards. This tool has helped clients reduce fraud by as much as 23%. We also worked with merchant acquirers to make implementation easy. · We rolled out an easy way for clients to implement Apple Pay as a payment option through CyberSource and Authorize.net. More than 80 merchants have already leveraged this capability. · We launched the innovative CIBC Tim Hortons Double Double Visa Card in Canada, creating a new loyalty rewards program for Tim Hortons customers and presenting an opportunity for CIBC to acquire new clients. · We renewed or won a number of important co-brands including Gap, Hyatt, and American Eagle Outfitters.

New Partners As I pointed out earlier, we have traditionally interacted primarily with issuers and acquirers and relied exclusively on them to develop experiences that leverage our network. In fact, access to VisaNet's platform protocols has been structured almost entirely for consumption by issuers and acquirers. For most of the company's history, the physical network and the highly structured global connectivity that it provides were the core differentiators and created a significant competitive advantage. However, the world we live in today, dominated by connected consumers, merchants and digital devices, has fundamentally changed the way third parties can interact with us. Software developers around the globe are increasingly defining the next generation of commerce experiences and in order for us to succeed in this inherently digital future, we have begun to engage with this community, moving beyond interacting solely with the historical participants in the four-party model.

The maturity of the Internet and mobile is changing our business now. Not only is it providing a new means for consumers, merchants and companies to connect, but it also serves as a tremendous growth platform for the payments ecosystem by creating a commercial environment where cash and check are virtually non-existent. The digital revolution has created an almost unlimited ability for companies ­ from start-ups to some of the world's largest ­ to participate in commerce by creating experiences through PC's, tablets, or mobile devices. It will ultimately progress to other digital forms such as wearables as well. As we think about how we change in this environment, we cannot be defensive. History has proven that if we think offensively and engage intelligently, we cannot only steer a clear path but also expand the role we have historically played. First and foremost, we need to be thought leaders and enablers of commerce, as we will be the beneficiaries through enabling payments. This means active engagement with companies

First and foremost, we need to be thought leaders and enablers of commerce, as we will be the beneficiaries through enabling payments.
and individuals we have not historically dealt with directly. This includes larger companies, but also much smaller companies and, as importantly, the developer community that can build experiences for multiple ecosystems. To engage with these new partners, we're actively working on a series of things: First, we are calling on these new partners just as we would our traditional clients, collaborating and creating commercial relationships and new payments experiences. This broad range of companies includes device manufacturers, social ecosystem providers, mobile network operators, and more. Second, we are creating physical spaces which will encourage collaboration and co-innovation with our partners. This summer we launched the first of these in San Francisco. It houses three distinct, but related physical spaces to further our efforts. One is our new, state of the art client briefing center where we will be able to tell our story and showcase technology that our partners and we are developing. We have also built a design studio and an incubator facility where software engineers and user experience resources, from both inside and outside of Visa, will sit side by side with existing clients and new partners to work collaboratively on building new experiences, which we hope to commercialize. Third, we are looking for opportunities to co-invest, understanding what early stage capabilities are being funded, looking to partner with those technologies and experiences that can scale, and determining if we should be the ultimate buyer of some of these companies. We are pleased with the early results of these efforts and expect to see even more progress in 2015. · We partnered with Apple, and coordinated with issuers and acquirers, to develop and launch Apple Pay. · We're investing in companies that we believe can help drive payment electronification. For example, in 2014 we made investments in DocuSign and LoopPay. Investments like this keep us close to other innovators in the payments space and provide opportunities for us to build upon our network capabilities in new ways. · We acquired a strategic license of TrialPay's technology and had a small team from TrialPay join Visa to lead the development of a new product platform designed to help merchants acquire more customers and sales opportunities. our architecture, platforms, and tools. As we look forward, technology will continue to be our great enabler, only it will become significantly more prominent. Historically, technology supported business solutions. Today, technology creates business solutions. We are evolving our own platforms and tools while embracing the values and skills of great technology companies. This significant transformation in how we operate inside and outside of our company is a must do for us. Technology is the core of what drives Visa. Opportunities today to use our technology are infinite, but we need to take this great technology platform we have created and continue its evolution. To work with new partners participating in commerce, we are building access points into our capabilities that don't exist today while ensuring that we preserve the role and economic participation of our existing clients ­ the issuers and acquirers. Building these access points requires us to rethink how we interact with partners as well as the software assets that exist and requires a significant new set of activities inside of Visa. Going forward, we will expose our core network capabilities to a broader set of participants who can integrate our unique payment assets into the experiences they create. In order to do this, we are building an enterprise class developer center (software - not a physical space),

Transform Visa's Technology Assets Our technology in many ways has defined us and has always played a vital role in our success and this includes

which will provide software developer kits (SDKs) and a set of industry-standard application programming interfaces (APIs) that will allow all of our stakeholders including new participants to create programs and applications on top of our platform. These services will still be processed through our traditional four-party model maintaining the roles played by issuers, acquirers, and ourselves. In addition, we are building out Visa Research Labs, which is our space to have a longterm focus on what science and technology could make available over a longer time horizon with far less focus on short-term commercialization. When playing offense, we must also question whether we should be directly developing hardware or software experiences ourselves. We think of ourselves here as a payment network operating system, powering the payment ecosystem in much the same way that the Apple iOS or the Android operating system powers the mobile ecosystem.

Just as our founder Dee Hock catalyzed the growth of card-based payments by getting Bank of America to open their proprietary payment platform, Visa can exponentially benefit from facilitating an open software processing platform that enables software developers to create compelling end user experiences that integrate our payment products. We do not have to design and build hardware or create the best commerce application in the market, but we do want to encourage, partner, and enable others to do this and ensure we are the beneficiaries as they move transactions from cash to our network. Predetermining the winning technologies or experiences is difficult and risky, and not a role we have to play, but we do want to support as much innovation as possible and to promote competition that will drive to a better and broader set of experiences that grow commerce and demand for our products. To that end, in 2014 we created Visa Digital Solutions, a suite of offerings to facilitate secure payments across a broad range of

internet connected devices and wearables. Examples of the offerings include a software development kit to make it easier for merchants, financial institutions and developers to embed Visa payWave into mobile apps and specifications for presenting Visa account information in Quick Response (QR) code. This is only the beginning of what we have planned and provides a great platform for innovation.

everywhere, and we have to be at the forefront of the change. Simply, we want to achieve the success as a leading partner for digital payments comparable to what we have achieved in the physical world. To achieve this goal, we will insure our products are easy to use and accept in all forms of digital commerce. Much of the work we are doing here is captured in other sections since our ability to drive success here is dependent upon our work with new partners, transforming our technology assets, and the security work we are doing. Here are some examples of what we've done in 2014 to accelerate our progress in the digital world: · We launched Visa Token Service, which replaces sensitive payment account

information found on plastic cards with a digital account number or "token" which can be used to facilitate online and mobile transactions more securely. This obviously improves security, but it also allows us to deploy our payment credentials into different environments in a secure manner. · Apple Pay is the first of what we expect to be many consumer experiences using Visa Token Service. · In July, we launched Visa Checkout, a quick and easy payment service that allows consumers in the U.S., Australia and Canada to pay for goods online on any device in just a few clicks. In just three months, nearly two million users have registered with Visa Checkout through both merchant and issuer channels.

Digital Payments Commerce is moving to the digital world ­ either paying for things in the physical world digitally, or paying digitally in the connected world. This transition will take place at different speeds across the world, but it will happen

In 2014, we expanded access in both developed and developing markets. · Transaction volume generated through mPOS devices more than doubled in 2014. We will continue to support this development through Visa Ready, which more than doubled the number of certified devices in 2014. · We are building partnerships with mobile network operators to reach consumers in developing markets where financial institutions are less accessible. For example, in Botswana we partnered with Orange on the Orange Money Visa card which allows consumers to set up an Orange Money account and access that account through a linked Visa card.

Expand Access As we think about our growth opportunities, we use the word "access" frequently and broadly. What we mean is simple ­ we are talking about the opportunity to give millions of new merchants and hundreds of millions of new cardholders access to the payments ecosystem. Our products are good for all who use or sponsor them ­ from our clients and new partners to consumers, merchants, and governments. We are in a position to do a good thing for all by creating more access to our network. We will focus both our philanthropy and our business resources on driving this goal. To do this, we must grow both issuance and acceptance to maximize the positive network effect. Our offerings and solutions will be tailored thoughtfully based on local market dynamics and individual client needs. We will work with both traditional and non-traditional participants such as governments, nongovernmental organizations, and mobile network operators to achieve shared goals. We will also continue to develop and support new methods of acceptance.

Payment System Security I have always described security for Visa as a nonnegotiable. It is our price of entry. We must continue to be the most secure way to pay and be paid and we cannot ask people to use our products unless they believe that we are just that. There are no grades here, only pass or fail, and pass is the only option.

We are talking about the opportunity to give millions of new merchants and hundreds of millions of new cardholders access to the payments ecosystem.

This has been a great source of strength for us and must continue to be. We all know this is becoming more difficult as the threats are growing every day. The increasing frequency and severity of data breaches highlights the growing importance of securing the payment system. To address these threats, we must continue to be a trusted voice on security with government, regulators, consumers, and our clients. We are committed to leading the industry on security by developing and driving a roadmap to devalue and protect data, innovate responsibly and prevent fraud. We are particularly proud of our leadership on payment system security in 2014. · We established security priorities for the U.S. market that were agreed to by all major stakeholders: to devalue data, prevent fraud, and reduce data breaches. We also increased momentum for the implementation of EMV chip through the Payment

Security Taskforce and direct efforts with issuers, acquirers and merchants. EMV chip cards increased 300% from September 2013 to September 2014, albeit off of a small base. · We hosted over 1,300 delegates from the payments industry, regulatory and law enforcement agencies at Security Summits across the globe. During these summits, we discussed current and potential security threats and shared our perspective on data security, data devaluation, predictive analytics, responsible innovation and data breach response. · We continue to make significant investments in layered security for our network and data and application protection. · We achieved faster, more effective data breach responses by upgrading systems and client communication processes. Joint Visa and client efforts have kept fraud rates

essentially flat despite the increased frequency and severity of data breaches.

Employer of Choice We are only as good as the quality of people who work at Visa. We have been so successful because we have attracted the best in the business around the world. Our employees are widely recruited, and given our growth, we are widely recruiting. We can only be who we want to be if we continue to retain and attract the best and the brightest. The war for talent is growing and we must continue to win this one. First and foremost, we are investing in our existing employees. We have built out several employee development programs designed to help individuals at all levels grow their contributions and their careers. We doubled the number of

employees participating in face-to-face education, with an emphasis on management and leadership skills and for the first time in the company's history, every member of our Executive Committee personally taught in our leadership program. We also continually build on the great culture within Visa. We stress integrity, innovation, execution, independent thought, partnership and success. We work hard to live these values every day and evaluate and reward people based on these values. An important part of our culture is challenging our employees. We do this by doing industry leading work, but the core of challenging employees is around involving everyone in the debate that surrounds the development of our goals and strategies. With the best minds in the business across the globe, we need everyone in our company to participate in idea creation, not just execute what a few ask. We also recognize that to be the best company possible, our employees need to be as diverse in their ideas, backgrounds, ethnicity, and gender as our clients and

their clients. We need an environment, which is truly diverse and inclusive. This has been an important value at Visa, and we are working to do even more. In 2014, we focused on talent, empowerment and making Visa a great place to work. · We announced our plans to hire 2,000 technologists across the globe, strengthening our talent pool and providing greater opportunity for our employees to grow their careers at Visa. · We made changes to flatten our organization in order to drive increased empowerment, collaboration and employee engagement. · We changed our annual review process to provide greater emphasis on employee growth and development and trained managers on how to use the process more effectively. · Our great people have great ideas. We are implementing hundreds of employee ideas to make Visa a better place to work and a stronger company.

Conclusion We continue to be blessed to be in an industry with continuing huge opportunities to grow. No one is better positioned than us to succeed. That's a fantastic gift, but it's nothing more than a small advantage in the context of a market and client needs that are rapidly and dramatically changing. Therefore, it is critical that we drive forward with even greater focus and urgency as we execute against these strategic pillars. Our shared vision for the future must be dynamic as we evolve in direct response to the market around us. Our 50 plus years of success speaks for itself ­ but what gets me excited every day is our great future and the great people I'm surrounded by at Visa. Our opportunity is greater than ever before and our unique network, operating model, relationships, and scale create a great foundation for us to grow. Thank you for the trust you've placed in the entire Visa management team.

Charles W. Scharf Chief Executive Officer Visa Inc.

