A letter from our CEO Charles W. Scharf

Dear Shareholders, The payments industry is in the midst of the biggest and most exciting changes it has ever seen. The changes will ultimately result in better commerce experiences for consumers, faster growth at a lower cost for merchants, and corresponding increases in economic growth.
Like any period of change, there will be winners and losers, and we are working hard at Visa to ensure we are amongst the winners. Before I go into specifics, I'd like to make one comment which might seem strange, but is nonetheless important. As our shareholders, you are entitled to understand our strategies and priorities. I will do my best to describe them here, but at the same time I am conscious of the fact that our industry is more competitive than ever, and we need to be careful about being too specific if we think it could hurt our competitive position. 2015 Performance 2015 was another strong year for Visa. We reported adjusted earnings per share growth of 16% and revenue growth of 9% in the fiscal full year. As has been the case for several years now, we produced these results during a continued period of slower economic growth than we would hope to see. We faced headwinds from the foreign exchange translation impact from the strong U.S. dollar, reduced cross-border payments volume driven by the strong dollar, and the continuing drag of lower oil prices. Offsetting these were strong overall payments volume growth, healthy processed transaction growth, and high currency volatility. All businesses have

headwinds and tailwinds in the short-term, and we are lucky to be part of an industry that continues to have strong long-term growth potential due to the substantial underlying growth rate for electronic transactions. While we know we have to deliver in the short-term, we evaluate our own results being careful not to get caught in the short-term earnings trap. We always ask ourselves if we are doing everything we need to do to build the long-term value of the franchise. We emphatically believe the answer is yes, but remain paranoid in a healthy way. We also ask whether anything has changed about our views on growth beyond the fiscal year. We continue to feel great about our opportunity to drive revenue, earnings, and EPS growth for our shareholders and know that the potential to displace cash remains great, and that we have more and better tools than ever to accomplish this. Payments Industry Landscape We participate in one of today's most dynamic industries. When innovation occurs in the payments business, the results are material--creating a step change in how commerce works around the world. The development of our network was one such step change. People often think of the card as the innovation, but the physical card was just the mechanism to access the real innovation ­ the network--which provided the ability to conduct and grow commerce safely and easily in partnership with our clients worldwide. Through the years, there have been several products that

have used the network via cards: credit, debit, commercial, and prepaid products. Through these products, consumers have access to funds well beyond what they were comfortable carrying in their pockets and have immediate access to pre-approved credit lines. Convenience has been an important consideration, but the safety that cards provided was also a great step forward. The introduction of zero liability in many markets around the world meant that consumers could carry and use their cards without the risk of theft, as is still the case with cash. Visa's products were, and still are, also extremely cost effective compared to cash and checks for merchants. Today's innovations hold the promise for an equivalent step change in convenience, safety, and growth in commerce. As consumers and merchants evolve to prefer digital first experiences, we are transforming the company to embrace the opportunity that global connectedness provides. The innovations we are seeing today fall into two categories. The first is primarily around ways to access existing payments networks and the second is around the ability to create new payments networks themselves. Both of these are great opportunities for us, but also could create risks as well. In addition, the way in which we pursue these opportunities in the developed, developing, and underdeveloped parts of the world are all very different, but all are very meaningful.

New Network Access E-commerce and M-commerce have provided both the need and the means to move beyond physical cards and static account numbers. These experiences can now also meaningfully affect consumer shopping behavior. We have to actively ensure our network is structured to be the preferred network for those building experiences in the E- and M-commerce worlds. Because of the huge opportunity, many--be they specific retailers, mobile device manufacturers, mobile network operators, social networks, search engines, or others--are working to integrate payments to further their own business objectives. Financial institutions (FIs) are also working to ensure that they are not disintermediated from their relationships, as third parties insert themselves into the payments flow. At Visa, we are working to bridge these worlds. Without FIs issuing our products and using our network, we aren't in the game, so we will pursue opportunities which are supportive of financial institutions. This means we support partners who want to use electronic payments to grow their underlying business while viewing the FIs and Visa as partners and encouraging

consumers to maintain and grow their financial relationships with their FIs. This is sometimes easier said than done. The business world is filled with friends and enemies and we need to differentiate. Those that support our network and our FIs' ability to maintain their customer relationships, brand prominence, and risk management protocols are our friends and will be treated as such. There are many examples here, including Google, Samsung, Square, and Stripe. New Networks We have faced competition from global and regional networks for many years. Going forward, we expect new networks to continue to emerge. These include distributed networks based on block chain technology and also payment alternatives that use more traditional technology solutions sponsored by governments, regulators, banks, and other payments companies. To successfully compete, we need to continue to ensure our network is safe, convenient, and reliable. We also need to continue to innovate in order to ensure we have the most value-added features and benefits of any network. Examples of recent innovations include:

· Launched new APIs that make it easier for developers to connect to Visa and get faster access to our capabilities · Enhanced our predictive risk modeling infrastructure · Created new mobile and biometric authentication capabilities · Developed analytic solutions that help more quickly identify breached entities · Launched Visa Integrated Marketing Solutions, a card marketing platform designed to help small to medium-sized issuers optimize their marketing efforts · Created the Visa Commerce Network, a new way for merchants to grow their business through relevant consumer offers · Piloting Rewards Redemption, a new product which allows consumers to use their participating issuer or loyalty program rewards points toward purchases at participating everyday spend merchants · Providing a range of new data and analytic capabilities delivered by over 1,200 Visa engineers and analysts

The Global Opportunity Visa Europe In November, we were delighted to announce that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Visa Europe. Visa Europe is the only regional association which didn't merge into Visa Inc. in 2007 and remained a separate entity owned by its members. We have been clear that this was a transaction that we thought made tremendous sense for our company and also for Visa Europe and its members, so we are thrilled with the prospect of moving forward as one company. Financial Terms We will acquire Visa Europe for an upfront consideration of 16.5 billion euros consisting of 11.5 billion euros in cash and convertible preferred stock valued at 5 billion euros. In addition, Visa Europe member-owners will potentially receive an earn-out payment of up to 4.0 billion euros and 0.7 billion euros in interest. This earn-out will be based on the achievement of net revenue targets during the 16 fiscal quarters following the closing of the acquisition and provides additional upside to both parties if those agreed targets are met. It will be payable following the fourth anniversary of the transaction close.

We believe the transaction is financially attractive for both parties, with a balanced consideration of a mix of cash, stock and an earn-out. We expect it to be accretive to our stand-alone revenue and EPS growth before transition costs beginning in FY17, the first full year of the combination. The preferred shares offer current Visa Europe members a continuing ownership stake in the company and also serve to provide liability protection to our Visa Inc. shareholders in conjunction with a new loss sharing agreement with key UK banks. The earnout provides additional upside potential for both parties if net revenue targets are achieved. We feel the balanced consideration encourages Visa Europe's current owners and Visa Inc. to work together to enhance the long-term value of the business to the benefit of all parties. Strategic Importance Combining Visa Inc. and Visa Europe is strategically important for both of us. We believe the combination will create significant benefits for both European and Visa Inc. global clients. Our clients will benefit as we work every day to earn their business, bringing them

 At the initial conversion rate, the shares of Visa Inc. preferred stock issued in the transaction will be convertible into an aggregate of 78,654,400 shares of class A common stock, valued at approximately 5.0 billion based on the average trading price of the class A common stock of $71.68, and the average Euro/Dollar exchange rate of 1.12750, each for the 30 trading days ended October 19, 2015. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approvals.

We are thrilled with the prospect of moving forward as one company.

the full power of our global platform, innovative products and services and world-class brand. The transaction will provide European clients with direct access to our investments in technology, differentiated products and services, capital and talent. We will also prioritize European client needs in the allocation of our resources and we believe we can deliver a stronger set of digital capabilities than would be possible without this combination. Importantly for Visa Inc., this transaction will create a truly integrated global leader and will allow us to capitalize on strong growth opportunities in a highly attractive region. We expect that it will create substantial value through revenue opportunities and cost efficiencies associated with the transition from a member-owned association to a publicly held commercial entity and the opportunity to integrate the two businesses. European Market We think Europe is and will continue to be a very attractive region for us. As in the rest of the world, our biggest opportunity for growth is to continue to increase the share of personal consumption expenditure using our products. Cash and check in Europe represent 37% of personal consumption expenditure, a 3.3 trillion dollar growth opportunity. Europe will be a very important region for the combined company, representing approximately

17% of cards in force and 28% of payments volume on a combined basis. Execution and Integration We are also confident in our execution capabilities given our experience of transitioning the former Visa Inc. regions to a commercial model from a memberowned model after our merger in 2007. Also remember, we are merging two companies that have a close working relationship and share many common products and platforms in the same business. Importantly, our integration plans call for a timeline and approach where our clients' priorities are first. We will fully integrate the Visa Inc. and Visa Europe systems, which we expect to take three to four years as we work carefully with our clients to do this properly. We plan to maintain a strong European presence, just as we do in our other regions. We expect to have a local and empowered leadership team in Europe, with the European headquarters in London. In addition, we'll invest in the in-country resources needed to serve clients effectively and we intend to maintain a data center in Europe. Finally, Visa Europe comprises 38 countries, and we will ensure that we have countryspecific strategies that are responsive to the evolving competitive and regulatory landscape.

We have always had, and still have, formidable competition. We compete vigorously every day, doing our best to earn our clients' business and preserve our share.

In summary, we are delighted to be reuniting the Visa family. We believe that we have structured this in a way that creates value for both Visa Europe members, our shareholders and our clients globally. U.S. vs. Non-U.S. Mix Our world is constantly evolving. With our acquisition of Visa Europe, our global mix of business will continue to become less concentrated in the U.S. Our U.S. payments volume will go from 53% to approximately 38% after the transaction. While we love the U.S. market and continue to believe that there is great opportunity for growth, our non-U.S. payments volume is growing approximately 1.5 times as fast as our U.S. payments volume. China China is writing final rules which will create a process to allow us and others to apply for a license to compete in the domestic Chinese electronic payments market. We are actively working on our plans and intend to submit our application as quickly as possible once the final rules are published. We view this as a long-term commitment and a long-term opportunity to help grow commerce domestically in China. Our initial investment will be substantial as we build local processing capabilities and the necessary infrastructure to grow the issuance and acceptance of our products. As an example, today our acceptance has been targeted at those locations catering to inbound tourism and as such we are accepted at only about 370,000 merchant locations. China Union

Pay, the government-controlled entity which processes all domestic Chinese transactions is accepted in about 10 million domestic merchant acceptance locations. Having said that, we have strong relationships with the Chinese banks as we have worked together for years helping them successfully build their outgoing Chinese cross-border business. We are excited about the long-term potential China represents for Visa and we are confident that we will be able to develop strong local capabilities which will help grow the domestic Chinese economy and deliver safe, convenient, and innovative payment alternatives for Chinese consumers. Competition We are often asked about how we compete in the marketplace. We have always had, and still have, formidable competition. We compete vigorously every day, doing our best to earn our clients' business and preserve our share. We are lucky to participate in an industry which still has enormous growth potential. There is about $16 trillion of cash and check in the world used annually for commerce, and consumers and merchants would be better off if almost all of these transactions were conducted electronically. This is where we look for growth and it is also the most valuable and sustainable source of growth. Increasing our payments volume by displacing cash and check, expanding participants in the electronic payments universe, and helping to grow commerce

more broadly continues to be our big opportunity. In fact, if you look at what's driven our revenue growth over the last several years, it is just that--it's not taking share from competitors. That's not to say that the market isn't competitive. It is. Especially since we went public, you have seen clients make longer-term partnership decisions, some of which have benefited us, and some of which have benefited others. There will be situations where clients seek to do more business with us because of our capabilities, products, and brand and we will support them. We will also defend our share aggressively and

we will be competitive with the market, but we do not view pricing on its own as a good mechanism to grow. I strongly believe in focusing on long-term value creation. Our future is about growing electronic payments and commerce broadly--and ultimately expanding into new or underpenetrated segments.

Our Strategic Goals Our strategic goals remain unchanged. Partnerships We are a business built on partnerships. We need partners to issue our products and we need partners to accept our products. We also need partners to integrate our payments capabilities into their commerce experiences. We feel great about our progress and continue to strengthen our client relationships across the world. Transform Our Technology Assets We are continuing in our evolution from a hardware-based network to a software-first network. Continuing to build capabilities into our software and allowing trusted

partners to gain access to our capabilities to power their experiences is critical to our long-term success. We have a great team at Visa today, but we will continue to add resources here. In support of this goal, we opened a new Technology Center in Bangalore, India. Ultimately, we will have 1,000 Visa employees there, predominantly focused on building and enhancing several of our digital assets, including our application programming interfaces (APIs), which will make it easy for application developers to access our payment products and services. Opening our network through standard APIs will enable our FIs and partners to build and enhance their own payment experiences

that can work across a broad range of connected devices. Digital Payments Simply put, our goal is to be as successful in the digital world as we've been in the physical world. To that end, we made important progress in 2015, launching our Digital Solutions Platform. In addition, we expanded the adoption of Visa Checkout. Today Visa Checkout covers nearly $85 billion of addressable E-commerce volume with nine million registered users in 16 countries. And we announced the launch of an mVisa pilot in India. mVisa is a new mobile payment service that enables consumers to make cardless purchases, pay bills and send money to other individuals via "pushing" a payment from their bank or stored value account via their mobile phone as opposed to the traditional method of a merchant "pulling" funds on a terminal from a piece of plastic. It is being piloted with merchants across the Bangalore region and with customers of our four large Indian bank clients. Expand Access An incredibly important part of our business is expanding access to our products and services by growing the number of active Visa cards around the world and the number of acceptance locations where these cards can be used. By expanding access, we help electronify payments and grow commerce and spending. In 2015, we added over 140 million new cards and delivered meaningful progress in expanding into new acceptance categories, including education, transit, debt repayment,

childcare and taxes. We have 69 Visa Ready mPOS (mobile phones as acceptance devices) providers with 116 certified mPOS solutions and we now estimate that 5.8 million merchants are using mPOS. We also helped bring new consumers and small businesses into the financial system through a series of Financial Inclusion programs around the world, including developing a women's mobile banking network in Bangladesh; increasing access to digital payments to village communities in Vietnam; developing alternative credit scoring models in Kenya; and improving micro-merchant acceptance in Mexico. Payments Systems Security We strive to lead the industry on security and to be a trusted voice on security issues. To achieve this, we engage actively with financial institutions, merchants, governments, regulators, and law enforcement, educating various constituencies, sharing intelligence, and ensuring we have an industry-wide roadmap for payments system security. In 2015, we also launched a number of new fraud prevention and risk management capabilities, including Mobile Location Confirmation, Decision Manager Replay for merchants, and an enhanced Alerts capability available through APIs. We announced a partnership with FireEye to co-develop tools and services to help merchants and issuers protect against cyber-attacks targeting payments data. We also are making it easier for our clients to distribute their products into the new mobile and digital experiences through new secure technologies such as tokenization.

Employer of Choice Our business will only be as good as the talent we retain and attract. We value those that have created the most successful payments business in the world, and we need those that understand the next generation of payments. We seek to be the employer of choice for those who want to make a difference in helping the world grow and believe there is no better platform than Visa. We are proud of recognition we've received, including ranking #32 on Forbes' World's Most Innovative Companies list and appearing again as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies according to the Ethisphere Institute. Capital Management We know that one of the most important responsibilities we have is to manage our capital in the most effective way possible. Like most companies, we have choices, and we have attempted to be as transparent as we can about our views, and regularly report back on our actions versus our stated views. Let me start by reiterating what we have said consistently about our capital management philosophy. We view our priorities for capital usage as follows: 1. We believe the highest and best use of our excess capital is reinvesting organically in our business, followed by acquisitions, to further our growth. We treat decisions to invest our capital organically and through acquisitions as serious, independent, and analytically rigorous decisions. We do not target a

specific amount but are happy if the number is large. The more we reinvest in our business, the better we feel about our future. 2. After supporting our growth, we believe in continuing to grow our dividend, targeting a 20% payout ratio of trailing 12-month net income. 3. The final use of our excess capital is buying back our stock. We have been aggressive buyers of our stock and will continue to do this, always with an eye toward valuation. We understand that when we buy back our stock we are making an investment decision, and so far our buyback program has consistently proved to be beneficial for our shareholders. Our recent actions support the above criteria. Changing Organic Capital Investment We have continued to consistently invest organically in the business wherever possible. We are not a capital-intensive company relative to our free cash flow, but we do carefully allocate it. Our assets are our people, our ideas, and our technology. Historically the biggest driver of capital usage was our hardware--i.e. the data centers which processed seamlessly the 71 billion transactions per year in a safe, reliable, and efficient manner. To that end, we continue to invest in our data centers and do everything we can to protect our network and our infrastructure.

But we are evolving into a business where software provides differentiation. Having a solid network will not be enough in the future. I have described the capabilities that we are building into our network and the ways we are allowing people to access those capabilities. To that end we are increasing resources directed at developing and enhancing our softwarebased capabilities aggressively. And while we believe organic investment is the first call on our capital, we have consistently said that the Visa Europe acquisition is a perfect use as well. Strengthening our global franchise by reuniting our company with a transaction structure that provides the right protection as well as upside for both sides based on net revenue targets makes tremendous sense for us. Dividend Our recently announced 17% dividend increase maintains the payout at our stated target range of low 20s and is the 7th dividend increase since our IPO. Most importantly, we feel it's a strong statement that we are increasing our dividend at the same time we announced such a significant transaction.

Excess Capital Return In 2015 we repurchased $2.9 billion of our stock. We have repurchased the equivalent of almost 735 million shares since our IPO and returned more than $26 billion of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and share repurchases. And our board has approved an increase in our buy back authorization to bring the total available to $7.8 billion as of September 30, 2015. Capital Structure Prior to the Visa Europe transaction, we were limited in our ability to use our debt capacity. Visa Europe held a put option and we would have potentially needed to finance an unknown purchase price within 285 days. We felt it was prudent to preserve the flexibility in our capital structure for this potential transaction. Now that we have negotiated a transaction with VE, we can implement a new capital structure for the company. We intend to raise $15-$16 billion of debt in conjunction with the Visa Europe Acquisition and establish a more efficient long-term capital structure. Our initial leverage will be between 1.4 and 1.5 times gross debt to EBITDA and we target our long-term leverage at between 1.1 and 1.5 times gross debt to EBITDA. The rating agencies reaffirmed our current investment credit ratings of A + / A1 upon announcement of the transaction. We believe this capital structure still provides flexibility to pursue future growth opportunities.

Thank you to my 11,300 partners at Visa who work every day to deliver on the great promise that this company has.

Our Future Our future is incredibly exciting and bright. The new payments map is being defined now and we are working to ensure we preserve and grow our business. There is competition everywhere, but we are confident in our capabilities and our ability to adapt and grow the Visa franchise. Thank you to my 11,300 partners at Visa who work every day to deliver on the great promise that this company has. And thank you for the trust and confidence you have placed in us. We will continue to work tirelessly to deliver for you.

Charles W. Scharf Chief Executive Officer Visa Inc.

