 VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT
  1999 marked an important milestone in Valspar’s 193-year history with our 25th consecutive year of record earnings. This significant achievement attests to the constant efforts and dedication of all our employees
to continuous improvement – meeting and exceeding customer expectations with products that offer the lowest applied cost on a global basis.
ratings from Moody’s Investor Services and Standard & Poor’s and filed a shelf registration for up to $300 million of debt.
In recognition of these record results, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend 13 percent to 13¢ per share, effective with the dividend payable in January 2000.
Operating Highlights
Valspar’s Coatings segment had another excellent year. Sales growth with existing customers, and aggressive efforts with new customers, led to a 20 percent increase in sales with outstanding results in our Packaging and Industrial product lines. Sales of our Coatings Intermediates segment, comprised of our Resin and Colorant product lines, rose 15 percent, with much of this growth occurring outside North America. All of our product lines contributed improved performance in 1999.
Investments in technology have provided Valspar with significant competitive advantages. Fifty percent of the products offered today have been developed within the last five years, and about 10 percent of our people are involved in the technology effort. Many of our technologies are developed internally, while others are acquired as part of strategic acquisitions. This diversity of discovery is a key driver of our performance.
Our quality and cost initiatives were reenergized in 1999 with an emphasis on First Run Capability – a comprehensive program to reduce rework in all our business processes. Through cross-functional cooperation and improved communications, we achieved improvements in productivity and waste reductions totaling $10 million versus 1998. In addition, cumulative savings from our global supply chain initiatives – our MIDAS Program – exceeded $40 million since 1995.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 We are proud of this accomplishment and have built considerable momentum as we continue to develop into one of the leading coatings companies in the world.
Financial Results
In 1999, sales increased 20 percent to $1.4 billion and diluted earnings per share increased 15 percent to $1.87. Cash flow continued to be a focus for all our employees, resulting in net cash from operations of $127 million, an increase of 16 percent over last year. Additional borrowings of $162 million were used to finance acquisitions, capital expenditures of $31 million, dividends of $20 million and stock repurchases of $18 million.
In an effort to maintain future financial flexibility, Valspar applied for and received strong investment grade debt
 2
  
    
    
Safety is a core value in Valspar, and 1999 marked the sixth consecutive year where fewer employees were hurt on the job. Our accident rate dropped 23 percent, and statistics show that Valspar has become a world leader in providing an accident-free work environment.
Acquisitions
Acquisitions have always been an important link in our growth chain. The rapid and successful “Valsparization” of new people, technologies, customers and manufacturing operations is a key strategic competency. In 1999 we acquired the packaging and industrial coatings businesses of Dexter Corporation, expanding our global footprint in many countries and solidifying our position as the world leader in packaging coatings. We acquired a majority ownership in Dyflex B.V., a Dutch resin manufacturer, to further support our customers in Europe. And we acquired the remaining interest in Farboil, a powder coatings operation in Maryland, to provide additional capacity and sales in one of the fastest growing areas of the coatings industry.
We manage our portfolio of businesses by continually reviewing all our product lines for their contributions to our long-term objectives. During 1999, we sold the Flexible Packaging Coatings product line as well as our Marine Coatings product line in order to focus on achieving and maintaining leadership positions in other, more strategic coatings markets. We announced the closure of two production facilities as part of our ongoing optimization of manufacturing.
Director Change
Angus Wurtele has led Valspar’s expansion from a small, regional paint company into an international coatings enterprise. His leadership, vision and ability to acquire companies and talented employees has provided a formula for growth and profitability that will enable us to target and pursue the many opportunities we continue to see as we enter the new century. After 30 years as
a director of the company, including 25 years as Chairman of the Board, Angus will be resigning from the Board in February, 2000. His clear values, leadership by example,
and concern for shareholders, customers and employees, have served Valspar well throughout his tenure.
For his vision, his dedication to excellence, and his friendship, we wish to express our deep appreciation for his lasting legacy.
Outlook
We remain on-track to reach our goal of $2 billion
in sales in 2001 and have also established a target of $3 billion in sales for 2004. We have reinforced our commitment to profitable growth with an ongoing objective of 15 percent growth in sales and earnings annually. High levels of employee ownership continue to align all our interests and increase shareholder value. At year-end, employees and retirees owned approximately 25 percent of the outstanding shares.
In 2000, we will face new challenges from increased competition and pressure from higher raw material costs. However, we are poised to respond quickly to changing market conditions and expect to achieve another year of profitable growth.
I want to thank all of our employees around the world for achieving our 25th consecutive year of record performance. We are confident that the quality and commitment of our employees, as well as the strength of our management team, will lead us successfully into the new century.
Richard M. Rompala
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  5
 