TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Fiscal 2002 was a good year for Valspar; despite a challenging business environment, we achieved record sales and earnings with solid growth in all of our product lines. Our architectural and packaging coatings product lines generated strong results throughout the year. Valspar’s “American Tradition” architectural paint, sold exclusively at Lowe’s, achieved national recognition for the second year in a row. Our non-U.S. packaging operations grew substantially with exceptional improvement over 2001. In industrial coatings, we have completed most of the restructuring activities associated with the Lilly Industries acquisition – eliminating redundancies, consolidating raw material purchases, closing twelve facilities and relocating production of more than 20 million gallons of coatings. The resulting cost savings (more than $90 million over the last two years) and other initiatives have contributed to improved margins and have positioned us for improved earnings momentum in industrial coatings as worldwide economies strengthen.
Sales outside the United States represented 25% of Valspar’s total sales for 2002, and our international businesses showed remarkable resilience this year, with rapid growth in Asia in our wood and coil coatings product lines, and strong growth in Europe in packaging coatings. We continued to strengthen our overall global position by assuming 100% ownership of our former joint venture partnerships in Brazil and the Netherlands, by opening a new color studio for wood coatings in China, and by commissioning a distribution facility in Vietnam to support our fast growing furniture coatings business in southeast Asia.
In spite of a lackluster economy domestically, Valspar’s sales for the year increased 10.7% to $2.1 billion, and net income rose 133.2%. Earnings per share increased 112.7%. These record results provided a return on average equity of 17.3% and operating cash flow of $215 million. We were able to reduce borrowings by $121.4 million, while spending $44.7 million on plant and equipment, $22.9 million for acquisitions, and $28.0 million on dividends.
Valspar’s first public debt – well received by investors – was issued in April comprising $350 million of five-year notes with a 6% coupon. We now have strengthened and diversified our balance sheet debt and provided attractive fixed- rate financing for the next five years.
In recognition of our good results, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividend to 60 cents per share, effective with the quarterly dividend payable in January 2003. This represents the 25th consecutive year of dividend increases.
OPERATING RESULTS
Our operating performance was consistently solid throughout 2002. Results in the first half of the year were helped by falling raw material costs, as the soft U.S. economy and excess capacity took its toll on chemical manufacturers. By mid- year, however, raw material prices began to rise, but we were still able to maintain and enhance our margins, because we continuously look for ways to take costs out of every stage in the supply chain process. Our results also benefited from a number of initiatives to enhance core sales growth where, once again, each of our product lines grew two to three times faster than our underlying markets.
In industrial coatings, our full line of competitive technologies and the superior technical service our people provide to our industrial customers around the world continue to earn Valspar the reputation as a preferred supplier to a wide variety of manufacturers. Valspar’s industrial coatings products include coatings for building products, appliances, furniture, agricultural and construction equipment, automotive parts and railcars, among others. While the industrial economy in the United States continues to sputter, limiting our near term growth prospects, our international businesses, especially in Asia, are expanding at a significant rate. The primary source of furniture sold in the U.S. is now China, where Valspar has state of the art facilities and an established infrastructure to support the rapid
VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT 2002
3
  
growth of our wood coatings customers. With our new facility now operating in Shanghai, we also have the capabilities to dramatically improve our position in Northern China as well. With the majority of the Lilly integration activity complete, Valspar is poised for improved earnings momentum as the US economy recovers.
Packaging coatings continues to be one of our best performing businesses. With our world-class technologies and technical service, our global presence and the recession resistance of this business, Valspar’s packaging coatings sales grew significantly faster than the market. By acquiring the remaining interest in our joint venture in Brazil, we now operate a large multi-purpose coatings production facility, which we can use to leverage growth in other coatings areas for the Latin American markets. We also acquired the packaging coatings businesses of Technical Coatings from Benjamin Moore with some attractive technologies and customer relationships.
Architectural, Automotive and Specialty products were our best performers in 2002. Strong internal growth in these products once again confirmed the counter-cyclicality of the Do-It-Yourself market. The superior qualities of our nationally recognized products, specifically our acrylic paint, and the efforts of our dedicated sales and customer service people, resulted in double-digit growth in sales and profits.
Sales of resins, composites and colorants increased modestly for the year, benefiting from our increasing focus on water-based technologies. This aspect of our business is also a critical component in supplying proprietary resins to Valspar and specialty resins and colorants to our industrial and architectural coatings customers.
Safety remains a core value in the Valspar culture. Once again in 2002 we made considerable progress towards achieving a zero-accident environment throughout the world.
MANAGEMENT CHANGE
In January John Ballbach was named President and Chief Operating Officer of Valspar. John joined Valspar in 1990 and has distinguished himself in all his assignments, both domestically and abroad. Having held positions of increasing responsibility in sales and marketing, as well as European and domestic executive management, he is uniquely qualified to help shape our future growth plans.
O U T L O O K
Our mission, to be the best coatings company in the world, can only be achieved by providing superior products at the lowest applied cost, enhancing our leadership position in the global arena, and providing a safe, rewarding environment in which to work. We want to thank all the Valspar employees around the world for their committed, dedicated performance, which resulted in another record year in 2002. We are confident that as we all continue to focus on our core values, we will have another good year in 2003.
   Richard M. Rompala
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John M. Ballbach
President and Chief Operating Officer
   VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT 2002
4
  