To our shareholders
We are pleased to report that 2012 was an excellent year for Valspar. Despite difficult economic conditions globally, we delivered record operating results.
This outstanding performance was the result of our intense customer focus, productivity improvements and significant new business in all of our product lines. Additionally, we continued to invest in our global port- folio of strong brands, differentiated technologies and fast-growing coatings markets.
Net sales for fiscal year 2012 grew to $4.02 billion, the highest in Valspar’s history. Adjusted net income per share increased 24 percent to $3.28*. For the fourth consecutive year, we delivered double-digit* earnings growth.
Our net income per share growth resulted from higher- margin new business, improved productivity and price increases to offset rising raw material costs. Our strong cash flow enabled us to fund capital investments to sup- port our long-term growth, repurchase $273 million in shares and pay $73 million in dividends. In December 2012, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly divi- dend by 15 percent to $0.23 a share—the 35th con- secutive year of increased dividends. The Board also authorized the repurchase of up to 15 million shares of the company’s stock, consistent with our long-standing commitment of returning cash to shareholders.
Since 2009, Valspar’s total shareholder return is 130 percent compared to 45 percent for the S&P 500 over the same period. Doing well in a variety of operating environments, including overcoming the difficulties of recessions, is a hallmark of Valspar’s success. Earlier this year, The New York Times identified Valspar as one of the best-performing public companies over the past 30 years with a 20.6% annualized return. Consistency is core to Valspar’s “DNA” and we are committed to long- term growth for our shareholders.
2012 results by segment
Coatings
Revenues in our Coatings segment increased 4 percent. This segment gained new business in every product line, driven by innovative technologies and market-leading
service. We are particularly pleased with the double- digit sales growth in our general industrial and coil product lines. The segment also generated record EBIT margins of 16.4%.
Paints
Paints segment revenues were flat for the year, reflect- ing weakness in two of our international markets, China and Australia, and a slow economic recovery in the United States. Despite these challenges, we achieved double-digit volume growth in China with the success- ful introduction of a new product line for the afford- able housing market. In Australia, our partnership with Masters, a regional joint venture with Lowe’s, continues to gain traction. All Masters stores feature Valspar’s Wattyl paint as the flagship paint brand and its 150- store growth plan is on target. The Valspar paint brand’s introduction of the “Love Your Color GuaranteeTM” in the United States and Australia was well-received by con- sumers and generated positive paint sales and volumes.
2012 highlights by region
Valspar continued to invest in fast-growing markets outside of the United States. Sales in markets outside of the United States accounted for 46 percent of total com- pany revenues. Our business in Latin America delivered a double-digit revenue increase reflecting strength in our industrial and packaging product lines and last year’s acquisition of Isocoat, a Brazilian-based manufacturer of powder coatings.
Our progress in China continued unabated. Our aggres- sive efforts to expand the Huarun and Valspar brands combined with the introduction of new products for
the affordable housing market underpin our growth. In a market where residential construction was down sig- nificantly in 2012, our consumer paint business in China generated mid single-digit revenue growth and high sin- gle-digit volume growth in the second half of the year.
*See footnote on inside front cover.

            In April, Valspar Chairman and CEO Gary Hendrickson rang the Closing Bell on the New York Stock Exchange to celebrate the start of the painting season and to introduce the Love Your Color GuaranteeTM. This marketing program offers consumers a complimentary replacement color of up to two gallons if they are not satisfied with their first selection.
We also initiated a new partnership with B&Q, the larg- est home improvement retailer in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Valspar will become the flagship paint brand in all 350 B&Q retail stores in 2013. This positions Valspar for strong future growth in the European paint market.
Supporting the growth of our communities and employees
Throughout 2012, Valspar continued to support its employees and the communities in which we operate. Our partnership with Habitat for Humanity continues to grow. In 2012, we donated more than 320,000 gal- lons of paint to Habitat for Humanity affiliates and other charitable organizations across the United States. Valspar employees also gave generously of their time for various Habitat programs, including “A Brush with Kindness,” which helps low-income homeowners improve the appearance of their homes.
Safety in our workplace improved again this year. We achieved another year-over-year reduction in record- able injuries—a strong performance that continues to improve. We also continue to improve our sustainability profile by reducing the environmental footprint of our facilities and delivering solutions to our customers that enable them to meet their environmental objectives.
Board of Directors transitions
Following 34 years of distinguished service to Valspar, William L. Mansfield retired as Chairman of the com- pany’s board of directors in June. We thank Bill for his many contributions and service. In October, the Board
elected John M. Ballbach to serve as a director. John brings to the board a unique combination of business experience and deep understanding of our industry. He serves on the board’s nominating and governance and audit committees.
Outlook for continued growth
We expect another year of double-digit earnings growth in 2013 as we continue to generate significant new busi- ness and expand our presence in high-growth markets. Our constant focus on our customers, combined with continued productivity gains will drive our success in 2013.
For the long term, we remain focused on creating value for our customers and shareholders by developing inno- vative technologies, investing in our brands, delivering outstanding customer service and expanding our geo- graphic presence.
Finally, I want to thank all Valspar employees for their dedication to serving the needs of our customers and for their passion for our business. It is because of their hard work that Valspar is a global leader in the paint and coatings industry.
As always, thank you for your support.
Gary E. Hendrickson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   