THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Financial Results
The fiscal year ended October 31, 1997 marked the 23rd consecutive year of earnings growth for Valspar. In addition, we reached $1 billion in sales for the first time. It took nine years for the Company’s sales to double from $500 million to $1 billion; yet we plan to double again in half that time by following the same principles that have been guiding us since 1990:
• Meeting customer requirements – current and future • Continuous improvement – with increasing speed
• Total employee involvement – leadership
by management
Sales in 1997 increased 18.3 percent over last year. We are particularly proud that more than 10 percent of this growth was internally generated; the balance was due to acquisitions, net of divestitures. This double- digit internal growth was achieved by aggressive sales and marketing programs in all of our businesses, and by improved cooperation and cross-selling among our business units. Net income increased 17.9 percent this year to a record $65.9 million.
We made significant investments for future growth during the year. These investments – capacity addition, new technical facilities and a new information system – will provide the infrastructure to allow profitable growth in the years ahead. Cash flow from operations of $53 million was combined with $61 million of bor- rowings to fund a record level of capital expenditures of $48 million, acquisitions of $41 million, stock repur- chases of $12 million, and dividends of $16 million.
Despite an increase in debt, our balance sheet remains strong with a total debt ratio of 27 percent. Valspar’s return on average equity remained high at 24 percent.
For the 20th consecutive year, the Board of Directors raised dividends. The increase was 16.7 percent, as the quarterly dividend was raised from $0.09 to $0.105 effective with the dividend payable January 15, 1998. As a service to our shareholders, we have introduced a dividend reinvestment and direct purchase plan (see the inside back cover of this report for more information).
Operating Results
The Consumer Group had a very strong year, as sales increased 17 percent. This was achieved through new store openings by our home center and mass mer- chant customers, as well as through the introduction of new products and programs. We recently rolled out several exciting new programs including a designer line of paint under the Laura Ashley® label, and McCloskey Decorative Effects,TM a system which allows the consumer to create special finishes and textures that resemble marbleizing, opalescence and feathering.
Sales for the Packaging Group were up 27 percent this year, with approximately 10 percent of the sales increase from internal growth. This is a significant achievement in a U.S. marketplace which is growing at only 1 to 2 percent per year. The Packaging Group is our most global business as one-quarter of 1997 sales were outside of North America; that portion should increase to about one-third next year. In August 1997, a state-of-the-art research facility was
3
  
opened in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to support and coordinate global technology initiatives.
Sales increased 13 percent in the Industrial Group driven by our coil coating and architectural spray business. During the year, we completed construction of a manufacturing facility in Singapore to supply product to the commercial construction market in Asia. We also expanded our technology portfolio by significantly upgrading our Electro-coat capabilities, and by acquiring additional powder and general industrial business through a business exchange with Ameron International Corporation.
Sales in the Special Products Group were strong as well, led by Valspar Refinish with 45 percent growth. EPS resin sales were up 28 percent, and both our Federal Flooring and Marine businesses recorded double-digit growth. Color Corp. sales were essentially flat with last year. Acquisition activity during the year included certain assets of International Zinc (Marine), MasterBuilders (Floor Coatings), House of Kolor (Refinish), Forton (EPS) and the purchase of a resin plant in Hagerstown, Maryland. In February, we sold our Maintenance Coatings business.
Strategic Initiatives
We made good progress on all three of our strategic initiatives – Globalization, MIDAS and Waste Minimization. We expanded our international presence by purchasing the can coatings and ink businesses of Coates Brothers (Hong Kong) Limited and Coates (Guangzhou) PRC Limited in January, and
by forming a joint venture with Coates in South Africa in December, 1997. We also started a joint venture in Brazil to serve our packaging customers in South America. In less than two years we have built the infrastructure to manufacture and sell can coat- ings throughout Europe, Asia, Australia, South America and Africa.
MIDAS is an employee-led initiative to review and improve the way we purchase all goods and services on a corporate-wide level. We have 40 active teams which have identified over $20 million of annual savings. We have made good progress so far, and our employees continue to identify new opportunities for savings.
The goal of our Waste Minimization initiative is at least 50 percent reduction in material waste by the year 2000. Each of our businesses have completed the first step in this initiative by forming waste reduction teams, and we are already seeing results.
Environmental and Safety
Valspar is committed to continuous improvement in environmental stewardship and safety. Since 1995, we have reduced total waste generation by 20 percent. Despite an increase of over 450,000 hours worked, we reduced the number of injuries at our domestic facili- ties for the fourth consecutive year, and lost work days declined by almost 50 percent. We were saddened, however, by a fatality at our Garland facility. This unfortunate incident will help sharpen our safety awareness and drive us to reinforce safe behavior in all our facilities.
4
 
THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
Director Changes
In August we were pleased to welcome Jeffrey Curler and Edward Pollak to our Board of Directors. Jeff is President of Bemis Company, a major packaging company, and Ed is Vice President – Asia Pacific of Witco Corporation, a specialty chemical manufacturer with extensive international operations. These two individuals bring a wealth of industry and global experience to Valspar. After 28 years as Valspar’s bench- mark for hard work, dedication and integrity, Bob Pajor ended his official association with Valspar by resigning from the Board in December. In addition, Bill George resigned from the Board after serving since 1984. We thank Bob and Bill for their leadership, guidance and vision to help build Valspar into a world-class company.
Strategic Goals and Outlook
We remain committed to the year 2001 strategic objectives described in last year’s report, namely:
• Achieving $2 billion in sales
• Becoming one of the top 10 coating companies
in the world
• Obtaining a #1 or #2 position in target markets
for our major businesses
• Having our employees own 30 to 35 percent
of the Company
Reaching these objectives will require continuing our emphasis on internal growth and making acquisitions which bring us new technologies or access to new markets. We believe that our strategies are sound, and that we have the management team, technology, financial strength and employees to achieve these objectives by the year 2001.
C. Angus Wurtele Richard M. Rompala Chairman of the Board President and
Chief Executive Officer
  5
 