    PAGE 2 VALSPAR AR 01
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal 2001 was a disappointing and difficult year for our company. Worldwide economic conditions were weak and wors- ened throughout the year; yet raw material prices remained persistently high for most of the year. As a result, for the first time in 27 years, earnings declined from the prior year. In addi- tion, this adverse environment made our task of effectively inte- grating Lilly Industries into Valspar a significant challenge.
Nonetheless, we recorded many successes throughout 2001. Our Architectural Group was named Supplier of the Year at Lowe’s for an unprecedented
seventh time and
“Valspar’s American
Tradition”, sold exclu-
sively at Lowe’s, achieved
national recognition. We
strengthened our global
position in Packaging
Coatings with small, but
strategic, acquisitions in
Southeast Asia and
Australia and with the
purchase of our partner’s
interest in our Mexican
joint venture. And, each of our businesses improved product qual- ity and customer service, strengthening market position for each product line.
Our progress with the integration of Lilly is particularly notewor- thy. Our original financial justification for the Lilly acquisition called for reducing costs by $70 million over three years; we achieved that $70 million savings rate in October – only ten months after closing the acquisition. Further, in September, we announced additional initiatives that will bring total integration savings to $90 – 100 million. By accelerating the integration process and improving our overall market position, we were able to achieve improved earnings in the last half of 2001 versus the prior year. This progress, as well as recent downward movements in raw material costs, positions Valspar well for future growth. Sales in 2001 reached $1.9 billion, an increase of 30 percent,
primarily from adding Lilly sales. We took on $1.0 billion of debt with the Lilly acquisition, financed by a syndicate of banks, and in April we sold 6.9 million shares of common stock to new and existing shareholders to strengthen our balance sheet, using the proceeds to repay some of the acquisition debt. Excluding one-time charges, net income for the year was $73.7 million, 15% lower than the previous year. Due to the increase in shares outstanding, earnings per share decreased 21% to $1.58. With operating cash flow of $197.6 million and proceeds from the equity offering, we were able to reduce borrowings by $335
million, even after spending $36 million for fixed capital and almost $25 million for divi- dends.
In line with our dividend payout goals, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividend to $.56 per share, effective with the quarterly dividend payable in January 2002. This marks the
24th consecutive year of dividend increases.
Operating Results
Demand for our Architectural, Automotive and Specialty Products remained strong throughout the year, with double-digit growth in sales. We improved our position with our major customers, Lowe’s and Wal   Mart, by introducing new products which helped boost same-store growth.
Packaging Coating Sales improved modestly despite lower rigid can production worldwide. In addition to new acquisitions, we upgraded a manufacturing facility in South Africa, and are preparing to strengthen our operating presence in Brazil. These actions reinforced our position as the leading packaging coatings supplier in the world.
  
    VALSPAR AR 01 PAGE 3

    PAGE 4 VALSPAR AR 01

    Industrial Coatings, which had enjoyed a decade of double-digit annual growth, succumbed to the economic malaise this year. While sales of Valspar’s legacy products softened in line with the overall economy, the acquired Lilly businesses were hit harder, particularly furniture and wood coatings, which struggled through abnormally high customer bankruptcies and inventory liquida- tions. A bright spot, however, was our growing presence in China where we opened a new facility in Shanghai and began construction of a new wood coatings laboratory and color studio in Dongguan. Another positive was coil and extrusion coating sales, which continued to show real growth. In December 2001, we announced the purchase of selected coil and other assets of Technical Coatings, which will further bolster coil coating sales.
Sales of resins and colorants declined modestly as the addition of new customers helped offset the impact of weaker market conditions.
Safety is a core value in the Valspar culture and in 2001, outstanding progress was made towards achieving a zero-acci- dent environment. Our overall recordable injury rate declined more than 20% with an impressive 54% reduction at the former Lilly facilities. In addition to being a market leader, we are also becoming a safety leader in the global coatings industry.
Director Changes
In December, we were pleased to welcome Dr. Mae Jemison to our Board of Directors. Dr. Jemison has an impressive record as a scientist, academician and astronaut, and will provide a fresh perspective to our Board governance.
Outlook
Since the events of September 11, 2001, it has become increas- ingly difficult to predict the future direction of economic condi- tions worldwide. However, because of cost reduction and other actions taken in 2001, even with a soft economy, we expect that 2002 will be a good year for our company. In fact, we have streamlined our operations and positioned our businesses such that if worldwide economic conditions improve early in 2002, we could have a very good year.
Once again, I want to thank all Valspar employees throughout the world for their dedication and commitment to our core values of safety, quality, environmental stewardship and profitable growth. This commitment is essential as we begin our next phase of corporate development – our quest to become the best coat- ings company in the world.
Richard M. Rompala
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
VALSPAR AR 01 PAGE 5
  