 To Our Shareholders
This year presented the most difficult operating environment in recent memory. The unprecedented increases in our raw material costs, combined with supply shortages, challenged the Company throughout the year. We responded aggressively by expanding our supply base globally, exercising prudent expense controls, pursuing productivity improvements and increasing our selling prices. These actions resulted in a record year in sales and earnings.
As we begin 2006, rising raw material costs continue to be our biggest challenge. We will continue our efforts to lower costs, and we will remain focused on implementing pricing actions as required.
Our mission is to be the best coatings company in the world.
For the past 200 years, Valspar has delivered high performance coatings and creative application processes to achieve lowest applied cost for our customers. As we look forward, we will build on our core competencies while focusing on three key initiatives: Supporting the growth of our customers by investing in technology, brands and value-added services, continuing to execute on our productivity initiatives and developing strategic acquisition opportunities. Investing in technology and building
on our high quality brand are keys to our strategy for achieving profitable growth on a global basis. A top priority in 2006 will be executing our manufacturing consolidation plan, which allows us to focus on our best facilities, increase efficiency and improve our ability to service and support our customers without limiting our capacity to grow. We will continue to identify and integrate acquisitions, like the Samuel Cabot transaction completed this summer, that closely relate to our core businesses, add to or improve product lines or technologies and/or expand our business geographically. These initiatives and others will create the platform for stronger growth and improved returns on capital.
2005 Highlights
Valspar’s sales for the year increased 11.2% to $2.7 billion with revenue growth in all our major business lines. Net income of $147.6 million and earnings per share of $1.42 were up 3.3% and 5.2%, respectively; remarkable results given the challenging raw material environment. We generated $231 million of operating cash flow that was utilized to fund capital spending of $63 million, to acquire the stock of Samuel Cabot for $79 million
and to repurchase $82 million of Valspar stock. Reflecting our confidence in the future, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividend 10% to $0.44 per share. This represents the 28th consecutive year of dividend increases.
The Coatings business segment generated solid results in 2005, with sales increasing over 11%. By the fourth quarter, this segment had significantly narrowed the gap between raw material cost increases and pricing initiatives. Building on our world-class
technologies, technical service and our global presence, packaging coatings grew significantly faster than the market. In addition, we introduced new technologies that should enhance growth in 2006 and beyond. Industrial coatings also had a strong year, benefiting from the rebound in the economy, success with new business initiatives and growth in China.
The Paints business segment had a more difficult year. Sales were solid, increasing over 8%, but operating margins declined due to the lag between price increases and rapidly rising raw material costs. The Samuel Cabot acquisition, the successful introduction of the QUIKRETE® product line, on-going positive performance of the DeBeer acquisition and our strong position in the do-it- yourself market bode well for a rebound in 2006.
The resin, colorant, gelcoat and furniture protection plan businesses generated double-digit growth, reflecting multiple pricing actions and new business. Resins and gelcoats had remarkable performances in the face of raw material shortages earlier in the year and unprecedented raw material cost increases throughout the year.
Growth Initiatives
Despite the difficult operating environment, we had many noteworthy successes in 2005, positioning Valspar for future growth. In June, we completed the acquisition of Samuel Cabot Incorporated, a privately owned manufacturer of premium quality exterior and interior stains and finishes based in Newburyport, Massachusetts. The combination of the Valspar and Cabot brands significantly strengthens our product offering for independent paint retailers. We are optimistic about the prospects for growth in this important channel.
In 2004, we launched a strategic alliance with QUIKRETE® Companies, the leading name in concrete in the United States. We have established a strong position with the QUIKRETE® Professional Concrete Coatings brand in both the independent channel and at do-it-yourself retailers, successfully filling a void in the concrete coatings category. We expect sales to continue to grow at double-digit rates over the next few years.
Our growth in Asia, particularly in China, remains strong.
Over the past four years, this region has achieved compounded annual sales growth in excess of 20%. We increased our market presence during the year with our introduction of mid-priced furniture coatings late last year. Our reputation for delivering high-performance coil coatings to our North American customers helped us to develop a significant supply position with key Chinese steel customers. Our proven technology, service and quality has allowed us to build the coil business from no presence four years ago to our status as a formidable coil coatings supplier in China. We have also developed a growing presence in general
 2 Celebrating 200 Years

 industrial coatings, capitalizing on our existing infrastructure and growing globally with our general industrial customers. We are well positioned to be a key supplier for our customers in this region with the quality, technology, service and low cost that have been the hallmark of Valspar for 200 years.
Core Values
Safety remains a core value in the Valspar culture. Once again
in 2005, we made progress towards achieving a zero-accident environment throughout the world. The dedication and commitment of all employees makes Valspar one of the safest manufacturing companies in the world. We continue to reinforce our safety awareness programs in all locations, adding a focus on spills
as part of our dedication to being an elite performer in environmental stewardship.
We are also proud to have expanded our relationship with Habitat for Humanity International (HFHI). Beginning in 2004, we were designated the preeminent national paint sponsor for HFHI. In addition, we initiated a program with Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity called “A Brush With Kindness” which provides supplies and volunteers to paint the interior and exterior of homes of low income, disabled and senior homeowners. In 2006, Habitat for Humanity is expanding “A Brush With Kindness” throughout the United States. Valspar is the lead sponsor of the new program, and we have committed money and in-kind support for this effort.
Management Change
Earlier this year, Richard M. Rompala retired from Valspar after ten years as chief executive officer and seven years as chairman. Rich provided outstanding leadership as Valspar’s CEO, leading Valspar to world class performance in safety, strengthening the company’s internal growth initiatives and transforming Valspar from a domestic paint company to a $2.5 billion global leader in the coatings industry. Rich’s efforts will have a lasting impact on Valspar.
Effective February 23, 2005, Bill Mansfield succeeded Rich Rompala as President and Chief Executive Officer. Bill joined Valspar by way of its acquisition of Mobil Chemical’s coatings business in 1984. Over the past 20 years, he has had management responsibility for every business group and has contributed significantly to Valspar’s growth and development.
Director Changes
With Rich Rompala’s retirement, Thomas R. McBurney was elected non-executive Chairman of the Board in July. Tom has been a member of the Valspar board since 1987, was a senior executive of
Thomas R. McBurney Chairman
The Pillsbury Company for over 20 years and has also served as chair for a number of non-profit organizations, including Minnesota Public Radio, Minnesota Opera and Freedom from Hunger.
In February 2005, Michael P. Sullivan, Sr. and Edward B. Pollak, after 15 and 8 years of service, respectively, retired as directors of the Company. We thank Mike and Ed for their long service, thoughtful insights and many contributions to improving Valspar’s performance.
In August, we were pleased to welcome John S. Bode to our Board of Directors. John has 35 years of experience in public accounting with KPMG LLP and broad experience with international companies, risk assessment and acquisition and divestiture transactions. John will be a terrific asset as Valspar continues to expand its presence in the global coatings market.
2006 Outlook
While we believe the global economy will expand in 2006, we continue to face the challenge of raw material cost increases due to higher energy costs and supply disruptions. As we demonstrated in 2005, we will aggressively respond to mitigate this impact through productivity initiatives, supply chain improvements and pricing actions. Simultaneously, we will invest for internal growth through strategic capital investments, new technology and customer service enhancements to strengthen our industry leadership position. We are also strengthening our disciplines to improve Valspar’s return on capital, which we believe will lead to sustained increases in returns to our shareholders. We believe we are well positioned to achieve significantly improved results in 2006.
Valspar’s Future
We believe Valspar’s fundamental strategies are sound and that we are well positioned to achieve our goal – to be the best coatings company in the world. We also believe we have a leadership team that is committed to attaining this objective. In December, over 160 of our leaders from around the world gathered to review our plans for growth, which include several major long-term initiatives that will strengthen our competitive position. While our leadership team is justifiably proud of Valspar’s 200 year history of achievement, we believe we have the focus, resources and long- term commitment to be the best.
Finally, we want to thank all Valspar employees for their determination in delivering a solid performance in 2005 and recognize their unwavering commitment to satisfying customers, achieving profitable growth and increasing shareholder value.
William L. Mansfield
President and Chief Executive Officer
   Valspar Annual Report 2005 3
