On a Personal Note
At Varian, our mission is to help save millions of lives every year around the world. That’s why we all work here. We recognize that beyond everything we do here, there is a person who needs our help. We are grateful to be in a position to help, whether it’s by supplying imaging components to X-ray equipment makers or equipping cancer clinicians with world-class treatment capabilities.
In radiation oncology centers around the world, we estimate that more than 50 million treatments are delivered each year using our technology. We know that behind each one of those treatments, there is the face of a person — often fearful, always hopeful. While these patients may be unseen and unknown to us, we feel a connection to each of them even though we do not know them personally.
Varian’s mission took on an added dimension for me and my family in June when my wife Lynne was diagnosed with Stage 3 breast cancer. We were at our son’s college graduation when the call came from her doctors: “Do you want the results of the biopsy now, or when you come back?” Questions like that get your attention. Lynne is a nurse, and wanted all the information as fast as possible. She immediately flew home to complete other diagnostic tests, choose her care team, and get ready for a year of cancer therapy. A cancer diagnosis is difficult for everyone in the family. Our youngest daughter, now a teenager, had nightmares that brought her into our room at two in the morning — something she hasn’t done for years.
Cancer now has a very personal face for the Wilsons. Our patient is courageous, strong and filled with hope. We are impressed by the dedicated caregivers who are helping Lynne on her path through therapy. She has just completed chemotherapy and is on her way to surgery and a course of radiotherapy over the next few months. We feel great knowing that the radiotherapy Lynne will receive will be delivered on Varian equipment engineered, built, serviced and operated by great people. It’s good to know that we are not fighting this alone.
We are happy with Lynne’s progress so far, and we’re hopeful for a cure. As so many cancer patients know, there are days on this journey that are really tough. On such days it’s also important to remind ourselves that we have a lot to fight for — not just another year or two but another 20 or 30 years. Lynne and I just became grandparents for the first time, and we want to spend time with little John Elliot and other grandchildren to come. The Wilsons are now among the millions of families around the world who are dealing with a cancer diagnosis, and for all of us, the Varian mission is more important than ever.
DOW WILSON
Chief Executive Officer
“Cancer now has a very personal face for the Wilsons. Our patient is courageous, strong and filled with hope.”
 LYNNE WILSON AND GRANDSON, JOHN ELLIOT
 1
