VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

A Letter from Dow Wilson
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,

Varian Medical Systems delivered solid results in fiscal year 2013, successfully managing through a number of market challenges. Annual revenues for the company rose by 5 percent and earnings per diluted share increased by 6 percent. In the 65th year since the company's founding in 1948, we maintained our leadership in radiation oncology and X-ray imaging components with good momentum for future growth in all our businesses. Oncology Systems annual revenues rose 3 percent with solid gains in service and emerging markets offsetting U.S. weakness related to healthcare reform and reimbursement uncertainties. Markets outside the United States now represent around 55 percent of our Oncology business. Our performance in emerging markets was particularly pleasing, with solid growth in China, Brazil, and Africa. The Oncology service business again generated double-digit growth as our installed base of linear accelerators expanded to some 7,200 units. We further expanded our product portfolio with new offerings for stereotactic radiosurgery as well as enhanced software for treatment planning and information management. Annual revenues in our X-Ray Products business increased by 11 percent with healthy demand for tubes as well as our flat panel detectors for filmless digital imaging. During the year, we successfully reorganized our Security and Inspection Products business, including establishing a new strategic focus and capitalizing on synergies with the X-Ray Products business. We expect this will drive further growth for these two components-based businesses. Our proton business reached several important milestones during the year and we are now setting the stage for the commencement of patient treatments at Scripps Proton Therapy Center early in 2014. We owe our success in fiscal 2013 to five strategic initiatives: Innovation, Globalization, Service and Software, Commercializing Protons, and Operational Excellence. Each of these initiatives will continue to contribute to our growth in 2014 and I will highlight the vital role that they play in the rest of this letter.

LETTER CONTINUES ON P.04

P.02

A PARTNER FOR LIFE

"We are excited about the long-term growth prospects of all our businesses."

P.03

VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER CONTINUED FROM P.02

Innovation

INNOVATION IS THE LIFE-BLOOD OF VARIAN AND ITS ONGOING IMPORTANCE IS DEMONSTRATED BY THE FACT

that more than 65 percent of Oncology equipment orders came from products introduced in the last three years. By the end of fiscal 2013, we booked nearly 1,000 orders and completed some 500 installations of our TrueBeamTM system, which technologically set a new standard for linear accelerators when it was introduced in 2010. During the year we launched and booked orders for some 60 new systems and upgrade packages for our EdgeTM radiosurgery suite, which we hope will drive revolutionary advances in the fight against lung cancer and many other diseases. With work completed during the year, we established software connectivity with the Siemens installed base, giving Siemens' customers the choice of using Varian's advanced technology when replacing aging treatment machines. We also advanced the development of technology that capitalizes on the best in MR imaging, linear accelerators and treatment planning for targeting tumors. Outside of Oncology, we extended the reach of our X-ray tubes and panels with equipment makers who are continuing to develop new filmless imaging systems for medical diagnostics, dentistry, veterinary care and security. We also introduced new products for more compact cargo screening systems, and we made good progress on developing smaller and more cost-effective proton therapy systems.
LETTER CONTINUES ON P.07

$

208M
%

Varian has more than 1,000 active and pending pat-

INVESTED IN R&D

ents around the world. Annually, Varian files dozens of patent applications based on continuing innovation in the use of X-rays and high energy physics in medical and industrial applications, X-ray imaging, proton therapy, brachytherapy and software for radiotherapy and radiosurgery.

12 >65%

INCREASE IN R&D INVESTMENT

OF ONCOLOGY EQUIPMENT ORDERS FROM PRODUCTS INTRODUCED IN LAST 3 YEARS

P.04

A PARTNER FOR LIFE

María Cordero Marcos

María Cordero Marcos enjoys ice-skating near her office in Helsinki, Finland where she develops software for Varian. María is one of the developers of a core algorithm that drives RapidPlanTM, Varian's new knowledge-based software that is designed to improve the speed and quality of treatment planning for cancer patients.

P.05

VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Dr. Beatrice Wiafe Addai

Dr. Beatrice Wiafe Addai, CEO of Peace and Love Hospital in Kumasi, Ghana, shares Varian's commitment to better cancer awareness in Africa, with a particular focus on encouraging women in her country to get screened for breast cancer. She is also president and founder of Breast Care International and a council member of the African Organization for Research and Training in Cancer.

P.06

A PARTNER FOR LIFE

LETTER CONTINUED FROM P.04

Globalization
Varian's vision is to be a `multi-domestic' company with a `local' presence in every part of the world.

Almost two-thirds of our current revenues come from outside the United States. China, Brazil and other markets with expanding economies contributed to our growth during the year. Many of these markets represent significant growth opportunities for our company in coming years, as they address local shortages of radiation oncology equipment. Shortly after fiscal 2013 ended, Varian won a highly contested public tender to equip cancer clinics in Brazil with 80 new linear accelerators over the next five years. We are excited to be a partner with Brazil's Ministry of Health in a vital program that will give cancer patients greater access to high quality care. We are also working with health officials in several other countries to enhance cancer patients' access to care. This effort involves facilitating the training of doctors, technicians, and medical physicists to help establish and operate clinics in under-resourced health systems. Varian now operates six training centers around the globe and another is planned in Brazil.
LETTER CONTINUES ON P.08

58 >20% > 70%

%

Tromso, Norway, some 200 miles north of the Arctic

OF COMPANY ORDERS FROM OUTSIDE U.S.

Circle, is 10,000 miles from Dunedin, New Zealand, but these cities on polar extremes shared a connection this year when Varian installed advanced TrueBeam linear accelerators in their cancer centers. Varian has installed more than 7,200 linear accelerators around the globe.

ONCOLOGY ORDER GROWTH IN CHINA, SOUTH AMERICA AND AFRICA

ORDERS FOR X-RAY IMAGING COMPONENTS FROM OUTSIDE U.S.

P.07

VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER CONTINUED FROM P.07

Service and Software
Service and Software are key growth drivers for Oncology Systems. Our $800 million service

business accounted for nearly one third of our Oncology orders for the year. We have expanded our service offerings and find that more Varian customers with our sophisticated TrueBeam and Edge platforms are utilizing our services to get the most out of these platforms for their patients. We also intend to add service capabilities in our Varian Particle Therapy business and in our X-Ray Products business. Our tubes and panels together with software workstations give Varian the opportunity to supply and service a complete image processing chain within our customers' X-ray equipment. With more than 3,300 EclipseTM treatment planning sites and 3,000 ARIA® oncology information management sites worldwide and some $575 million in annual revenue from licenses and service agreements, Varian is a leading supplier of software for oncology. At the ASTRO show in Atlanta we unveiled RapidPlanTM knowledge-based treatment planning software to optimize the speed, consistency and quality of radiation oncology treatment planning. We believe RapidPlan can do for treatment planning what RapidArc® did for treatment delivery. During the year, we established the Oncology Continuum Solutions team to address a $2.3 billion market opportunity by capitalizing on newly generated digital data and on the need for greater cancer care analytics.
LETTER CONTINUES ON P.11

$

1.1B 15% 36%

Varian's SmartConnect solution links the company's service

SERVICE AND SOFTWARE BUSINESS

engineers with customers at cancer treatment centers in real time. Recently, a clinician who had a patient awaiting treatment called when their system wouldn't allow the treatment to begin. Varian's service engineer was able to remotely connect to the control console and quickly saw an incorrect setting. It was fixed and the treatment proceeded as planned. This is one way Varian is a partner for life with customers.

CAGR IN SERVICE REVENUES SINCE 2008

OF ONCOLOGY REVENUES RECURRING

P.08

A PARTNER FOR LIFE

Jianguo Zhong

For Jianguo Zhong, basketball is a great way to relax when he isn't servicing Varian equipment in radiotherapy centers across the Shandong Province in northern China. Jianguo is a member of Varian's global team of more than 1,000 field service engineers who help to keep radiotherapy centers working smoothly and treatments on schedule for cancer patients.

P.09

VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Dr. Ryan Grover

Gearing up for the commencement of treatments at the Scripps Proton Therapy Center near San Diego keeps Dr. Ryan Grover running. He is chief of head and neck, central nervous system, sarcoma and gynecologic therapy at the new center where patient treatments using Varian's new ProBeamTM system are expected to begin in early 2014.

P.10

A PARTNER FOR LIFE

LETTER CONTINUED FROM P.08

Commercializing Protons
Proton therapy is on its way to becoming an important tool for treating cancer. While market

development was slow in fiscal 2013, we passed a major clinical milestone and saw several new business opportunities arise as new groups pressed forward with establishing clinical capability around the world. We initiated our investment in this exciting technology in 2007 in response to demand from clinicians who saw potential in protons to improve treatment precision and outcomes, particularly in pediatric cases. During 2013 we installed our first commercial ProBeamTM system at Scripps Proton Therapy Center in San Diego and filed an application for 510(k) clearance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. We hope to see patient treatments begin at Scripps early in 2014. We are working towards installing systems in St. Petersburg, Russia and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and we are under contract to supply systems for centers planned in the United States in Baltimore, Atlanta and Dallas. Varian is uniquely able to capitalize on decades of technological development and clinical expertise in radiation oncology to offer intensity modulated proton therapy and proton treatment planning as well as image-guidance and motion management technology. In this way, we offer an advanced and cost-effective proton treatment capability. We are also focused on driving down the cost of this technology with more compact designs for two- and one-room systems.
LETTER CONTINUES ON P.12

$

300M
st

The promise of proton therapy has captivated clinicians

ANNUAL MARKET OPPORTUNITY

since Robert R. Wilson wrote about it in 1946. The first treatment took place at Berkeley Radiation Laboratory in 1954. Since then, more than 40 centers have opened to treat many types of tumors with great precision. Proton therapy, which minimizes dose to healthy tissue, is seen as particularly promising for treating delicate tissues in children whose bodies are still developing.

6 1

PROJECTS UNDER CONTRACT

VARIAN-EQUIPPED CENTER TO OPEN IN 2014

P.11

VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. -- 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER CONTINUED FROM P.11

Operational Excellence
Operational excellence is crucial to ensuring that Varian competes effectively and grows its

bottom line earnings as well as its top-line revenue. I have charged all parts of our organization to identify and capitalize on opportunities to reduce costs while striving for significant improvements in the quality of our work and service at customer sites as well as in our own factories and facilities. We reduced the costs of manufacturing, testing, and installing our TrueBeam product in fiscal year 2013. Installations that once required up to five weeks are now done routinely in three weeks. A full course of testing for a linear accelerator can now be done in a fraction of the time it once required. In our X-Ray Products business, productivity efforts like these led to a 14 percent improvement in sales per employee and a 20 percent improvement in operating earnings per employee. All parts of our organization are aiming to work smarter than ever. By doing so, Varian can do even more for our customers and the patients who receive the benefits of our technology. Our nearly 6,500 employees share a vision to help save millions of lives around the world every year. We are united by values built around putting customers first, inspired innovation, being a partner for life, and doing well by doing the right thing. All of us have goals aligned with executing our strategic initiatives for profitable growth. We are building a business by helping people. This is what makes Varian special. We look at our past 65 years with pride and to the future with excitement. You are an important part of this story and we thank you for your support.

E

RS

FIR

ST

PAR T

NE

R

FO

TO

M

R
L IF

DOW WILSON

C US

E

Chief Executive Officer
I RE IN S P
D

Our Values

N

NO

VA TIO

N

G IN D O T HE G D O IN

P.12

W RI E L L GH BY TT H IN G

I

