 life
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
For Varian Medical Systems, fiscal year 2009 was both a challenging and a promising period that brought out the best in our company. In North America, we encountered a deep recession, proposals for drastic cuts in reimbursement rates for radiotherapy at freestanding clinics, and a health- care reform movement that put the entire U.S. market under a cloud of uncertainty. But we showed that we could weather this storm while achieving many major successes that point to continued long-term growth for our company.
Considering the economic environment, our financial perform- ance was remarkable, although not at the levels we are used to see- ing from this company. Compared to continuing operations from the previous fiscal year, fiscal 2009 net orders grew by 3 percent to $2.4 billion, revenues rose 7 percent to $2.2 billion, operating earnings increased 13 percent to $474 million, net earnings climbed 12 percent to $331 million, and our annual net earnings per diluted share improved 15 percent to $2.65. By year end, we had grown net order backlog by 9 percent to $2.1 billion, and built our cash position to a solid $554 million. We entered fiscal year 2010 in a very strong financial position.
We managed to leverage our revenue growth into even higher earnings growth during the year with the help of successful cost- cutting initiatives, including a salary freeze, tighter limits on hir- ing, cutbacks on contract work, travel restrictions, and several other measures that should continue to help margins in fiscal 2010. Subsequent to the end of the year, we reduced our work- force by about 2 percent as an additional cost-control measure for fiscal 2010 as the economy continues to work toward recovery.
Oncology Systems
All parts of our company were affected by the recession, but it was particularly tough in North America for our Oncology Sys- tems business. This business reported annual net order growth
of 1 percent and revenue growth of 8 percent. In North America, net orders were down 7 percent primarily because of the reces- sion, which caused hospitals to reduce their capital equipment budgets and slow their purchasing activity. A government pro- posal for an up to 40 percent cut in reimbursement rates at free- standing clinics across the United States brought that portion of the market to a virtual standstill in the latter part of the fiscal year. Meanwhile, tougher access to capital as well as ongoing debate, confusion, and fear over U.S. healthcare reforms added to the malaise. Fortunately, efforts by many patients, doctors, and clini- cal and industry groups, including our new Government Affairs team in Washington DC, succeeded in persuading the govern- ment to cut reimbursements for freestanding clinics by just 1 per- cent in 2010, thereby enabling a return to a more normal business environment for this portion of the market.
The troubles in North America during fiscal 2009 overshadowed many successes for our Oncology Systems business. Annual or- ders in the international market rose by 11 percent, or 16 percent on a constant currency basis, versus the previous year. Europe, Asia, and Latin America all contributed to this growth, demon- strating that there is clear demand for our cancer-fighting prod- ucts in underequipped regions where we have significant potential for expansion.
STAYINGFOCUSED |Despiteachallengingyear, we successfully maintained our mission to save more lives by advancing radiotherapy and imaging technologies. Our oncology, medical imaging, and security products have touched the lives of millions of people.
 1 | VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

   New technology and products also factored in the growth of the Oncology Systems business. We finished fiscal 2009 with more than 270 installations of our RapidArc® product for faster, more cost-effective radiotherapy and radiosurgery, and the rapid roll- out of this product helped to drive strong margin improvements in this business for the year. To meet demand within international markets for a cost-competitive system with advanced treatment capabilities and higher patient throughput, we launched the UniqueTM low-energy accelerator, which can deliver fast, image- guided RapidArc treatments. We have already booked our first order for this new machine, which we expect will drive even faster adoption of our RapidArc technology around the world. With
its competitive pricing, we believe Unique will change the value proposition for many customers by enabling them to deliver world-class care at a lower, more affordable cost per patient.
Our technologies for faster dose delivery, higher-quality imaging, and better motion management are making it possible for more and more radiation oncology centers to expand their practices with radiosurgery, where ultraprecise, high doses are delivered in five or fewer treatments. Orders for our Novalis TxTM radiosurgery platform hit record highs in fiscal 2009. Several pioneering centers have already reported very promising results from radiosurgery for lung cancer. Dr. Robert Timmerman of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas has used radiosurgery to stop the growth of early-stage non–small cell lung cancer at its original site among selected frail, inoperable patients. Nearly 50 percent of these patients were alive and cancer free three years
life
DELIVERING BETTER TREATMENTS | Our tech- nologies for faster dose delivery, higher-quality imag- ing, and better motion management are making it possible for radiation oncology centers to expand their practices into radiosurgery. With radiosurgery, ultraprecise, very high doses become a noninvasive scalpel, offering an alternative to the ordeal of sur- gery while giving hope to patients who previously would have been considered untreatable.
after their diagnosis. These results suggest that Varian is in a posi- tion to provide a game-changing, noninvasive treatment alterna- tive to surgery for lung cancer, which is among the deadliest and most prevalent cancers in the world.
Service also contributed to the annual revenue growth in our Oncology Systems business with the help of software service agreements and a higher contract capture rate on new installa- tions with more sophisticated capabilities. Annual service rev- enues are of increasing importance to our business.
X-Ray Products
In our X-Ray Products business, annual net orders rose 1 percent versus the previous year, overcoming significant order declines in the second and third quarter when X-ray equipment manufactur- ers reduced inventories of X-ray tubes and flat-panel detectors in response to the recession. However, annual revenues for this busi- ness rose 9 percent, driven in part by demand for our new flat- panel detectors for digital radiography. An ongoing broad-based conversion to more cost-effective, filmless X-ray imaging should help to support continuing growth in our X-Ray Products busi- ness. Our flat-panel products represented more than 40 percent of X-Ray Products net orders for the year, and they are on track to become the largest part of this business. We intend to continue developing new panel products with better capabilities, including higher resolution and lower X-ray dose requirements. Filmless imaging and higher patient throughput have also created the need for a new breed of X-ray tubes that cool more quickly and enable higher throughput with more images per hour on X-ray imaging equipment. We made good progress on the development of this next-generation tube during the year. We also intend to expand our X-Ray Products business through improved distribution in developing markets.
 2 | VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

   Emerging Businesses
The economic downturn and customer inventory reduction efforts also appeared to impact our emerging Security and Inspec- tion Products business during fiscal year 2009 as governments and cargo screening system integrators postponed purchasing deci- sions. Annual orders and revenues were down for this business versus the previous fiscal year. However, we remain optimistic about the long-term prospects for this business, largely because
of our technological advancements, which are improving image quality, speeding throughput, and automating the screening process through materials discrimination.
The Varian Particle Therapy business had a good year. We re- ceived our CE mark, an important European certification, for our proton therapy system, and we are marketing the system for several projects around the world. Patient treatments have com- menced at a center that we are commissioning in Germany. In the second quarter of fiscal 2009, we divested and discontinued the operations of the Research Instruments portion of the ACCEL business, which we acquired in fiscal 2007, in order to focus the unit exclusively on the continued development of our particle therapy business.
life
TOMORROW BEGINS TODAY | Varian’s mission to explore and develop X-ray technology that protects and saves lives has driven us for the last 30 years, and will continue to guide us through 2010 and beyond.
The Challenge Ahead
The mission of Varian Medical Systems is to use the power of focused energy to save lives and prevent harm. We believe that our technology can make the world a much better and safer place. Given our achievements of fiscal year 2009, we have shown that we can perform well in difficult circumstances. We have contin- ued to innovate, and we have supplied customers in all of our markets with many new lifesaving capabilities and products that offer the potential of better clinical outcomes, greater utility, higher throughput, and lower cost per procedure. We have en- hanced our customer service and maintained our high standard for reliability. We have paid particular attention this year to smart cost controls so that we can deliver the best value to both our cus- tomers and our investors. All of these efforts are contributing to our success, and they will continue to do so for the long term. The driving force behind these efforts is the great talent of the people of Varian and their commitment to our mission to save more lives. This mission will carry us through 2010 and beyond. We thank you for being a part of it.
Sincerely,
Tim Guertin President and CEO
  3 | VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
