Michael F. Johnston
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Donald J. Stebbins
President and Chief Operating Officer

To Our Shareholders:
Visteon made significant progress in 2006, a challenging year for the automotive industry. We improved our financial results, introduced award-winning technology, and earned recognition from our customers and the industry. We also significantly improved quality and safety in our facilities around the world. At the core of this progress is an improvement plan that we introduced in January 2006. With this plan as a foundation, we are focused on the simultaneous implementation of three equally important areas to best serve our customers and increase shareholder value: · Restructuring our company · Improving base operations · Growing the business As a result of our progress in each of these areas, Visteon is in a better position today than we were a year ago.
Restructuring our company

In 2006, we committed to take 11 actions to fix, close or sell underperforming and non-strategic facilities ­ and we delivered. This resulted in improving three facilities, closing six and selling two operations. One such action was the closing of the Climate Systems Mexicana plant in Queretaro, Mexico; we were able to consolidate most of the plant's production into an existing Visteon plant in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. This allowed Visteon to serve customers with more efficient and cost-effective operations. In addition, we identified other actions to improve our performance. We are now focused on addressing another 19 facilities and have already begun taking actions. Our restructuring plan also includes expanding our presence in cost-competitive countries. With a focus on lowest delivered cost, we are expanding our global manufacturing and engineering footprints in countries where automotive volume is growing. During 2006, we increased our manufacturing personnel in lower cost countries by 6 percent with growth in China and India, while decreasing our personnel in higher cost countries by 9 percent. In engineering, we realized a 12 percent reduction in our higher cost personnel and increased our headcount in lower cost countries by 38 percent. In November, we also initiated an action plan to reduce our salaried workforce in high cost countries by 10 percent, or about 900 positions. Total headcount is down year over year.
Improving base operations

1
VISTEON CORPORATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

Although our 2006 performance was impacted by lower vehicle production levels by several of our key customers, as well as commodity cost increases, we continued to make operational progress. We intensified our focus on product quality and employee safety, implementing programs that helped improve our performance in both areas. Our quality, as measured by customers in defective parts per million, improved by 67 percent compared with 2005, while we reduced the frequency of employee injuries by 40 percent. From a financial perspective, free cash flow ­ which we define as the amount of cash generated by operations, minus capital expenditures ­ for the year improved significantly from 2005. To better manage cash flow, we have increased our discipline and focus on capital expenditures. Capital spending was 36 percent lower than in 2005 ­

Visteon Engineer Eva Ayzengart describes one of Visteon's proprietary instrument panels. Based at Visteon's North America Corporate Offices and Innovation Center, she delivers product innovation while developing strong customer relations. It's the people of Visteon who position the company to win. The integrity, value and leadership of Visteon employees have moved us forward ­ it's their collective innovation you see on the road.

declining more than $200 million ­ and nearly 55 percent lower than our capital spending in 2004. Our capital expenditure review and approval process ensures we invest wisely in strategic projects, while maximizing our plant capacity, reusing existing equipment and controlling the cost and timing of key asset purchases. Additionally, we enhanced our liquidity by refinancing credit facilities that were scheduled to expire in June 2007.
Growing the business

Our balanced global manufacturing and engineering footprint ­ coupled with increased customer diversification ­ translated into global sales that are nearly equally divided among North America, Asia and Europe. In 2006, we leveraged this strength to win $1 billion in new business. We have also been enhancing our joint venture relationships in China, India and Korea. By maximizing these partnerships, Visteon is well-positioned to expand with our customers in Asia, the fastest-growing automotive market. By 2008, we expect Asia will be our largest region in terms of sales.
Diversifying our customer base

Our customer base is more diversified than ever before. In 2006, customers other than Ford Motor Co. generated 55 percent of our global product sales, up from 38 percent a year earlier. A more balanced customer base reduces our reliance on any one vehicle manufacturer and enables Visteon to better withstand production shifts of a single customer. Our new business wins on key programs with strategic customers around the world will drive continued customer diversification. Among our most notable wins in 2006 were significant programs with General Motors and DaimlerChrysler and with Hyundai/Kia, our second largest customer. We also won key programs with Japanese automakers, including Nissan, where we launched our Visteon Hands-Free Phone Kit with Bluetooth® wireless technology ­ on various vehicles in the United States, Mexico and Japan. This is in addition to the satellite technology Visteon provides across multiple Nissan and Infiniti models.
Delivering product innovation

2
VISTEON CORPORATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

Visteon is leveraging product innovation to obtain new business. Our percentage of business coming from new products and technologies has more than tripled over the past few years. As an example, in electronics, we are developing in-vehicle wireless charging, a convenient way to ensure batteries for mobile phones, MP3 players or personal data assistants stay charged. This innovation received extensive media coverage and was honored with a design and engineering award at the 2007 International Consumer Electronics Show. Visteon is also a leader in electronics connectivity ­ connecting personal devices such as an iPod® and mobile phones to a vehicle's systems. As personal devices proliferate in the market, Visteon has solutions to integrate them intelligently into the vehicle. Visteon's climate control group continues to enhance its leading position in the development of advanced low-global warming potential refrigerant systems, which use the natural R744 (CO2 ) and synthetic refrigerants. These systems are designed to allow our customers to meet future European and worldwide legislation on greenhouse gases efficiently. Also, we recently introduced a Flat HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) concept, an ultra-thin unit that enables new interior design flexibility and improved storage.

For more than 10 years, Visteon has been growing its presence in Asia. Today, Visteon operates more than 30 manufacturing facilities in the region ­ throughout China, Japan, Korea, Thailand, the Philippines and India ­ serving global and regional automakers. Pictured is Seo, Young Duk, a machine operator at our climate facility in Korea. Through strategic alliances such as Halla Climate Control, Visteon has developed a strong manufacturing and engineering footprint across Asia.

Our interiors group has many new applications that can provide our customers cost-effective ways to differentiate their vehicles with enhanced styling. These developments include our innovative surface "skin" technologies such as Visteon's InSkinTM Instrument Panel and Translucent Skin. Our InSkin technology enables true "zero gap" between instrument panel surfaces and decorative panels. With this technology, auto manufacturers can incorporate logos or natural materials such as wood, metal or stone into the instrument panel surface without adding incremental tooling costs. We are also making the necessary investments to ensure a robust technology pipeline to support customers with first-to-market products. By leveraging our industry-recognized consumer research capability, we are able to understand the differences in consumer preferences and needs around the world. This knowledge feeds our global technical centers to create commercially viable technologies in each of our core product lines. Nearly 20 percent of the business won in 2006 will go into production in 2007 ­ demonstrating we can respond quickly to our customers' needs. Equally important, we continue to reduce the time required to bring a product from concept to customer introduction, enabling us to more rapidly seize market opportunities.
Our vision for the future

Another key milestone for Visteon in 2006 was the progress made in solidifying our corporate direction and a long-term strategy to position Visteon beyond our three-year improvement plan. In 2006, we set the foundation for the company by introducing our three-year plan and completing our first full year with a new, leaner operating structure following the Ford transaction completed in October 2005. For 2007 and 2008, we expect a challenging environment, where we will continue driving our improvement plan across all areas of our business, even as we face industry pressures. In 2009 and beyond, we will have our restructuring mostly behind us and will begin to see the full benefits of our efforts to move Visteon to sustained profitability and a stronger global market position. Key to our success, now and in the future, is the automotive intellect of our employees around the world who partner with our customers to build the best vehicles. That automotive intellect has moved Visteon forward and positioned the company to continue delivering value and innovation in a changing and challenging marketplace. Our performance in 2006 demonstrates that we have set a different path for our company ­ one that enables us to build on our momentum and continue making progress for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. Thank you for your interest in Visteon and for your support.

3
Michael F. Johnston
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Donald J. Stebbins
President and Chief Operating Officer

The statements in this Annual Report relating to new business wins and future estimates, plans and projections are forward-looking statements. Please see "Item 1A Risk Factors" and "Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ­ Forward-Looking Statements" contained in Visteon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.

VISTEON CORPORATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

