To Our Shareholders:
Visteon is evolving quickly and globally. We are now in the final year of our three-year plan, which we launched in January 2006 to shape Visteon into a lean and productive company. This plan, vital as it is, marks just the beginning of our journey ­ one that will gather momentum and lead us to profitability by 2010. And while we continue to look ahead ­ positively ­ there is also much to report about where we have been. Over the past two years, we made very significant progress executing the key pillars of our three-year plan ­ restructuring, improving base operations and growing the business. Our plan is working, as evidenced by our balanced product portfolio, increasingly diverse customer base, continued strong new business wins and a virtually unmatched global manufacturing and engineering footprint. In the area of restructuring we have hit all of our marks along the way. We delivered on each of the 11 restructuring targets we set for 2006 and completed seven that were identified for 2007. We continue to make progress on improving base operations, reducing administrative expenses and establishing a more competitive cost structure, while improving product quality to our customers by 79 percent over the last two years. Despite customer vehicle production declines and unstable market conditions, we improved our liquidity and cash position. We did an outstanding job growing the business ­ winning roughly $1 billion in new business for two consecutive years. These wins ­ across all product lines and regions ­ are at healthy margins and will help improve the financial performance of the company when these products launch. The progress Visteon is making, combined with what we will execute in 2008, puts us in position to be free cash flow* positive in 2009. With almost $1.8 billion of cash at year-end 2007 and additional liquidity available, we can look positively toward our future. Our short- and long-term plans are working, and we remain committed to building on the established foundation of change, discipline and action as we head toward a sustainable and global future. 2007 New Business By Region 2007 New Business By Product Line

Electronics 22% Climate 40%

Interiors 38%

Europe 32%

Asia 25%

South America 6%

North America 37%

2007 Customer Distribution

Ford 38%

All Other 27%

GM/Chrysler 4% Hyundai/Kia PSA 5% 15% Renault/Nissan 11%

Michael F. Johnston Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Donald J. Stebbins President and Chief Operating Officer



The statements in this Annual Report relating to new business wins and future estimates, plans and projections are forward-looking statements. Please see "Item 1A Risk Factors" and "Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ­ Forward-Looking Statements" contained in Visteon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. *Defined as the amount of cash generated by operations, minus capital expenditures.

2007 Annual Report

1

Our Products. Our Success. Our Future.
At our core is the ability to create, design and manufacture leading automotive solutions. We call it "automotive intellect" and it's providing us with an ever-growing customer list and product solutions that are concentrated in the areas of climate, interiors and electronics. Some of these products are quite visible, like our light pipe technology on the 2008 Cadillac CTS and the instrument clusters and door panels in the Renault Clio III. Others are found further inside vehicles, like our multi-zone climate systems. Regardless of where they appear, we're most proud of their ability to provide our customers with a distinctive selling advantage. That's something understood in any language.

Visteon products help automakers worldwide deliver a
renewed emphasis on interior craftsmanship. Shown at left is the instrument panel developed for the European-designed Renault Clio III. Together, Renault and Visteon designers developed a cockpit that expresses the same feel as interiors in upper-segment vehicles.

Visteon's innovative light pipe technology debuted in the
summer of 2007 on the Cadillac CTS. It is found in both the highly stylized head lamp and tail lamp systems which feature single, high-power LED emitters that have a distinctive tubular appearance. This solution earned a 2008 Automotive News PACE Honorable Mention designation.

Visteon employees at our China Technical
Center discuss driver information technology. Visteon's well-balanced geographical footprint allows us to support global platforms and take advantage of regional expertise and distribution. This includes our 235,000-square foot technical center in Shanghai, China, which opened in 2005. With corporate offices in Van Buren Township, Mich. (U.S.); Shanghai; and Kerpen, Germany; the company has facilities in 26 countries.

2

2007 Annual Report

Innovative climate products continue to be a core focus. Visteon's affiliate,
Halla Climate Control Corporation (HCC), won a 2007 Automotive News PACE Award for its innovative cooling fan module. Unlike conventional engine-cooling fans, HCC's patented fan design integrates a single wave-blade fan and saw tooth-type shroud to create a low power, lightweight and high-efficiency cooling fan that significantly reduces overall noise. HCC's cooling fan module is in production on various global platforms for Hyundai and Kia, including the Hyundai Sonata and the new Hyundai Genesis. Visteon is also a market leader of R744 automotive thermal management solutions. Visteon's latest generation R744 system consumes up to 25 percent less fuel compared with conventional R134a systems.

Visteon and 3M have joined forces in a global advanced technology
collaboration. Together, the two Fortune 500 companies have developed global demonstration vehicles showcasing more than 50 technologies designed to enhance the driving experience. Ultimately, the collaboration is expected to deliver consumer-focused automotive products that capitalize on the expertise of each company. The Visteon and 3M demonstration vehicle features many Visteon technologies like map-pocket "smart lighting" with proximity sensors that activate LEDs to illuminate a map pocket at night when a user's hand is nearby. Shown on the right is a sleek integrated center panel that also utilizes proximity sensing ­ this time to enable a clean, "dead-front" look in situations when panel buttons don't need to be visible. Visteon's InSkinTM technology is another feature of this demonstration vehicle ­ it offers the ability to achieve zero-gap for decorative components on the surface of the instrument and door-trim panels creating a smooth looking interior at a competitive cost.

An Innovative Collaboration

The Visteon quality story extends around the world. In 2007, two Visteon
manufacturing plants, Visteon Climate Control Beijing (VCCB) and Visteon Automotive Systems India Chennai Plant (VASI), received Hyundai Motor Company's coveted Five Star Certification. The award recognized our continuous efforts to deliver outstanding quality performance.

Quality Improvement*
Visteon has improved quality to auto manufacturers

79%

by 79 percent over the past two years.
* Based on parts per million defective (PPM), a common auto industry quality standard.

Values: Integrity, Safety, Customers, People, Innovation, Profitability, Citizenship

2007 Annual Report

3

