to our shareholders:
For everyone at Visteon, 2005 was a year of significant change. The primary driver was the completion of a new agreement with Ford Motor Company. This was a highly anticipated and vitally important action. For Visteon, it marked a turning point. We are now a company in control of our own destiny. We are leaner. The Ford agreement transferred 23 facilities and 18,000 hourly employees from Visteon to Ford, as well as 4,200 salaried employees who were leased to Ford from Visteon to support the transferred facilities. We are disciplined. We have a three-year strategy to make Visteon a viable, top-tier automotive supplier and the means to execute that strategy. Our team is committed to making the tough calls to achieve our objectives. We are focused. Our resources are concentrated on our three core product groups ­ climate control, electronics and interiors. These are the products that our customers are supporting with their orders, that are diversifying our customer base and geographic revenue streams, and that have proven capable of delivering profitable, sustainable growth. Our three-year plan reflects a commitment to building a sustainable business model that will elevate Visteon to the profitable and high-performing industry leader we know it can be. We have already initiated or achieved a number of objectives critical to our long-term success. Many of these actions are explained in detail on the following pages, including: restructuring our manufacturing operations, reducing our cost structure, continuing to expand our global footprint and diversify our customer base, strengthening our leadership team, improving our cash flow, and changing the fundamental way we do business by moving from a regional approach to one focused on our three global product groups. While the Ford agreement is just one part of the solution for Visteon, it set the foundation for a number of other actions that continued throughout the year and into 2006. We have a clearly defined plan for continuing Visteon's transformation into a global competitor that is disciplined and innovative, focused and inspired, decisive and visionary. In the end, our year was not about any one effort. It was about many actions that, when taken together, are improving our overall operating structure and moving us forward on the path of sustainable success. We thank you for your interest in Visteon and commit to building on the progress made in 2005.

Michael F. Johnston
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Donald J. Stebbins
President and Chief Operating Officer

On the Cover:
Visteon designed the front projector headlamp system featured on the Panoz Esperante. A demonstration concept vehicle, the Esperante showcases an array of technologies and innovations available to Visteon customers. Lighting is part of Visteon's electronics group, which together with climate control and interiors, comprise our three core product areas.

taking action, driving change
The Ford Agreement
Foremost among the actions that signified our year in 2005 was the completion of an agreement with Ford Motor Company ­ officially completed on October 1 ­ that significantly improved Visteon's competitiveness and cost structure. While important in its own right, equally valuable were the structural changes it set in motion for the future and the assets it provided to fund the changes and investments necessary to chart our course. Some of the central elements of the agreement: · · · · · · The transfer of 23 facilities and 18,000 UAW employees to Ford Motor Company; The assignment of approximately 4,200 salaried employees to support the transferred business, under the newly formed Visteon Services; Payments for further restructuring totaling $550 million; The receipt of $300 million for transferred assets; The reduction of post-retirement benefits and other liabilities totaling approximately $2 billion; and Issuance of warrants to Ford to purchase 25 million shares of Visteon stock.
Developing Worldwide Product Solutions
Visteon's three core business areas are based in three worldwide locations ­ climate control systems in North America, electronics in Asia, and interiors in Europe.

A More Diversified, Global Customer Base
In 2005, we saw a continuing trend toward more customers outside of our North American operations ­ moving from a position with more than twothirds of our revenue in North America to a more geographically balanced position of 39% North America, 43% Europe/South America and 18% Asia Pacific.

Innovation in All Corners of the World
Our move toward a more global presence was highlighted in 2005 by the opening of the China Technical Center in Shanghai.

In short, the Ford agreement allowed Visteon to become a leaner, more focused and more competitive company.

A Strategy for Worldwide Growth
While becoming smaller and more focused, we continued to expand our global capabilities in 2005. Highlights of Visteon's worldwide presence include: · A globally balanced manufacturing footprint ­ including the shift of hourly workers to a two-thirds/one-third mix in favor of cost-competitive markets. To expand capacity in these markets, we began construction on compressor plants in China and Mexico, and a manufacturing facility in Slovakia. We added joint ventures with ChangAn and TYC Auto Lamps in China, and with Tata AutoComp Systems in India. We also acquired an interest in Toppower Automotive Electronics and established a majority share in Betung Instrument Company. A globally balanced engineering footprint ­ including research laboratories and innovation centers in such key emerging markets as China, Korea and India. We are especially proud of our 235,000 square-foot technical center in Shanghai that opened in October. We are well-positioned to serve all of our global customers and our bottom line ­ so much so that we expect our total number of engineering personnel to rise, while costs remain flat.

2005 Product Sales by Customer
Asian OEM: 26% Ford Non-North America: 23% Ford North America: 24% European OEM: 12% Others: 15%

·

Visteon electronics solutions generated $2.6B in sales for 2005.

2005 annual report

1

2005 Business Overview
Climate ­ $4.0B in sales Climate systems · Powertrain cooling · systems · Engine induction · Electronics ­ $2.6B in sales Audio · Infotainment · Driver information · Powertrain controls · Exterior lighting · Driver awareness · Interiors ­ $2.8B in sales Cockpit modules · Door systems · Instrument panels · Floor consoles ·

·

A globally balanced customer base ­ with consolidated product sales of 18% Asia Pacific, 39% North America, and 43% Europe and South America. When including unconsolidated product sales, Asia Pacific accounted for 27%, Europe and South America 37% and North America 36%. By 2008, we expect Asia Pacific to be our biggest market, generating 38% of our global sales when including unconsolidated entities, followed by Europe and South America with 32% and North America with 30%.

More Focused. More Innovative. More Accolades.
While Visteon is now smaller in size, our ability to innovate expanded in 2005. Moving to a more financially sound structure allows us to unshackle many of our core businesses from the constraints of a non-competitive cost model. Our pipeline of automotive innovations produced numerous solutions for our customers. These solutions included high-intensity discharge (HID)/Xenon lighting, R744 climate control systems, integrated cockpit solutions and a partnership with Nintendo that delivered in-vehicle entertainment technology. Other Visteon relationships in 2005 included such high-tech leaders as Bluetooth®, XM and SIRIUS satellite transmission providers, Boston Acoustics® and others. Competitively, our core products rank among the leaders in each segment. Specifically, climate control and interiors rank second globally, and electronics is fourth. Simply put, we hold strong market positions in each of the segments where we now compete. Innovation always finds a market, especially in the ultra-competitive automotive world. And customers from around the world continued to reward us with new orders in 2005. This business has generated a $1.5 billion backlog of new business and the basis for continued growth. More than 30% of this new business came from recently developed product innovations.

Recognition in 2005
General Motors named Visteon as a Supplier of the Year for climate products. Toyota honored Visteon with a Quality Achievement Award in electronics. J.D. Power and Associates Audio Quality Report ranked Visteon highest in the AM/FM/Single CD Player segment. Automotive News gave Visteon its PACE Award (Honorable Mention) for an air conditioning liner accumulator equipped with special features designed to eliminate noise.

Driving to Improve Operational Efficiency
In 2005, Visteon became a more disciplined company. It started at the top, with the hiring of Don Stebbins as President and Chief Operating Officer, a proven leader in the automotive industry with an exceptionally strong mix of operational and financial experience. Following his appointment, we realigned our business model, moving from a regional approach to one focused on our global product groups. Responsibility for each product line is now clearly delineated, with climate control based in North America, electronics in Asia Pacific and interiors in Europe.

Visteon climate solutions generated $4.0B in sales for 2005.

2

2005 annual report

Being more disciplined also meant making tough decisions. This began with the establishment of our restructuring framework, continued with a focus on nonstrategic and underperforming operations and eventually led to the development of a three-year roadmap for profitability, which we began implementing in 2005. Among the plans initiated in 2005 as a result of a more diligent approach and a financially driven mentality: · · · · Reduced our workforce by more than 1,000 employees in the U.S., Europe and Mexico Exited our joint venture with Nichirin in Europe Announced changes to our U.S. salaried benefits, making us more competitive Announced the development of a restructuring plan to address more than 20 underperforming or non-strategic facilities

A Leaner, More Competitive Company
North American Hourly Workforce: 9/2005: 30,900 10/2005: 11,000 Average Hourly Wage: 3Q 2005: $38/hour 4Q 2005: $17/hour

Shifting to More Competitive Cost Locations
Manufacturing Footprint: 2005 64% 36% high cost 2008 (goal) 75% 25% high cost competitive competitive

As a result of actions taken in 2005, in North America we reduced our average hourly wage from $38 to $17, cut the average plant size from 600,000 to 300,000 square feet, and streamlined the average number of hourly employees at each plant from 680 to a more competitive staffing level of 500. In addition, we initiated a strategy to achieve significantly greater efficiencies in the base operations at all manufacturing facilities. This includes instituting a plantlevel profit focus, more competitive labor and benefit agreements, increased standardization and lean processing, and enhanced process and variation control to reduce quality-related cost issues. These operational changes may not be as glamorous as our innovations in design and customer-oriented solutions. But they are every bit as vital to our success and our ability to grow profitable new business. Everyone at Visteon is now taking ownership of that kind of thinking. At Visteon, we believe that leaner operations and greater innovation can go hand in hand. And we believe we have the business model, cost structure and vision to drive our organization as a lean, disciplined and focused global market leader.
All sales figures are based on pro forma net sales estimates which assume that the ACH Transactions (as defined in Visteon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 included elsewhere in this Annual Report) had occurred as of January 1, 2005. The statements in this Annual Report relating to sales backlog and future estimates, plans and projections are forwardlooking statements. Please see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ­ Forward-Looking Statements" contained in Visteon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.

Engineering Footprint: 2005 70% 30% high cost 2008 (goal) 52% high cost 48% competitive competitive

Visteon interiors solutions generated $2.8B in sales for 2005.

2005 annual report

3

