A Message from the Chairman
Donald J. Stebbins Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

Leading products ... innovative technologies ... great customers ... a global manufacturing and engineering profile ... a strong balance sheet ... profitable and sustainable growth. These are commonly used measurements of winning organizations and I'm proud to say they describe the new Visteon. Through years of aggressive operational and financial improvements, Visteon is now positioned for leadership in the global automotive supply industry and to deliver increasing shareholder value. 2010 was a milestone year for Visteon. We emerged from our reorganization process on October 1 with a strong balance sheet and with debt and other liabilities reduced by more than $2.4 billion, and on January 10 of this year, we once again began trading on the New York Stock Exchange. In 2010, our sales increased by more than $900 million to $7.3 billion and our profit margins have never been better. Today's Visteon is leaner, more flexible and superbly aligned with the dynamics of a rapidly changing global automotive industry. Our manufacturing and engineering presence is among the best in the world and in 2010 we expanded our reach, launching facilities in China, India, Morocco and Russia. Our leading-edge technology has generated a solid new business backlog, and our strong business partnerships and strategic alliances provide a competitive advantage in technology and global presence. With our improved financial profile, Visteon's future success will be fueled by the expertise and passion of our 26,500 employees located in 26 countries. Their insights into consumer preferences, vehicle manufacturers' needs and key market trends are generating innovations across all of our product lines, for both growing and mature markets. Our global team is committed to being the best in the world at partnering with our customers to drive future growth. I am grateful to our customers, partners, suppliers, employees and others for supporting Visteon during our transformation. "Today's Visteon is leaner, more flexible and superbly aligned with the dynamics of a rapidly changing global automotive industry."

2010 ANNUAL REPORT 1

