DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

2004

Peter J. Pestillo Chairman of the Board

Michael F. Johnston President and CEO

For Visteon, 2004 was a challenging year, as it was for virtually everyone in the automotive industry. Lower-than-expected volumes in North America and rising raw material costs were just two variables, but amidst the challenges of 2004, there was also opportunity. The year provided the impetus to carefully evaluate every aspect of our business, our products and our company. Visteon scrutinized its broad product portfolio; we narrowed our product focus to businesses

that are ­ and have been ­ the most profitable and in which we can achieve leadership. Specifically, these areas are electronics, which includes lighting; climate control; and vehicle interiors. In these areas, we are creating innovative solutions and attaining new business from automotive manufacturers around the world. The products we are launching in these areas are impressive, engaging and successful ­ for us, for our automotive customers and, most importantly, for the people who ultimately buy, drive and enjoy new vehicles. Many of our new business launches have become marketplace successes for our customers. A number of 2004's highly acclaimed new vehicles, including the Chrysler 300 and Ford Mustang, feature highly visible Visteon innovations. In the Chrysler 300, named 2005 Motor Trend Car of the Year for North America, is an electronics solution featuring the impressive Boston Acoustics Sound System ­ a Visteon-orchestrated audio sensation. The redesigned 2005 Ford Mustang includes numerous interior innovations from Visteon, among them a subwoofer chamber integrated into the interior door panel. This one-piece solution delivers optimal sound in a less-costly manufacturing package ­ and earned the Society of Plastics Engineers' Grand Award. By the close of 2004, the marketplace saw Visteon's instrument panels on all 2004 North American Nissan Trucks ­ the Nissan Titan, Armada, Frontier, Xterra, Pathfinder, Quest and Infiniti QX56. One of Visteon's latest innovations is Light-Emitting Diode (LED) Front Lighting. This system may revolutionize the way designers think about front headlamp design. LEDs can be used to create a signature vehicle branding statement for an automotive manufacturer in an area where stylists' creativity has previously been limited by the constraints of more traditional lighting parameters. Visteon is at the forefront of this revolution.

1

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

Visteon product successes extend around the globe. In Europe, 2004 found us integrally involved in key new products on the Peugeot 407, Citroën C4, Renault Modus and Ford Focus ­ Ford's flagship in Europe. The Modus, which launched at the 2004 Paris Motor Show, is the first commercial European application using a Visteon technology called negative thermoforming. The technology is applied to both the instrument and door panels of the Modus, creating a well-balanced, high-quality look and feel. Our position as supplier of choice for emerging new technologies was also solidified in 2004. We secured new business supplying Satellite Radio Systems that accommodate either XM or SIRIUS satellite radio options with both Nissan and Infiniti. We also provided electronic, climate and powertrain products to support the unique needs of the first-to-market hybrid sport utility vehicle, the 2005 Ford Escape. Overall, our percentage of new business coming from new products and technologies has more than tripled over the past three years. Equally important, we have reduced ­ by more than half ­ the time required to bring a product from concept to customer introduction. Our ability to continue to innovate and commercialize new technologies for customers will be a central focus in 2005 and beyond. Product success, validated every day by our customers, is one of many ways we are moving the company forward in a difficult environment. A close, hard look at our company in 2004 also revealed positive trends indicative of where Visteon must continue to move in 2005 and beyond. Our reliance on our largest customer, Ford, continues to decrease. Non-Ford revenue now tops $5.6 billion, up 35 percent from 2003. This is a record year-over-year growth of $1.5 billion, and is 30 percent of total revenue. The growth in our global non-Ford business is also driven by the products we've identified as key to our future success. Over the past three years, 90 percent of our non-Ford new business wins have come in the areas of electronics, climate and interiors. Geographically, our customer base is growing, reflecting our mission to be a diverse, global provider of automotive technology. In the Asia region, over 90 percent of our revenue is from nonFord business. Also in Asia, 2004 non-Ford revenue increased to about $1.6 billion ­ a year-overyear increase of 19 percent, which does not include more than $1 billion in unconsolidated sales through our joint ventures. Europe and South America non-Ford revenue increased by 42 percent to $1.8 billion in 2004. Combined with North America non-Ford revenue growth of 43 percent, this is a desirable mix that can provide a springboard for growth around the world. To support our growing global customer base, Visteon opened technical centers in all major regions, including facilities in Shanghai, China; Chennai, India; Chihuahua, Mexico; and Novy Jicin, Czech Republic.

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

2

The year also saw the successful conclusion of the European Plan for Growth. The three-year restructuring program, across eight former Ford factories, achieved cost reductions of about $100 million. By the end of 2004, the total hourly headcount in Germany and the United Kingdom had been reduced by nearly 30 percent. We know that creating a strong and successful company depends on more than evolving our business and diversifying our customer base. It also involves difficult, yet necessary, actions. In 2004, we lowered our North American headcount by approximately 2,500 people through flow backs of Ford-UAW workers, special incentive programs for U.S. salaried and hourly workers, and attrition. Late in 2004, we announced a Voluntary Termination Incentive program for our U.S. salaried employees, which was accepted by about 400 employees. Despite these efforts, our net loss for 2004 increased to $1.5 billion from $1.2 billion in 2003. While North America continues to be our primary sales market, our cost structure in this region is significantly higher than many of our competitors due, in part, to the hourly labor and benefits arrangement that we operate under with Ford Motor Company. We are further limited by our ability to restructure or relocate our U.S. operations. Recognizing these factors, as well as the lower-thanexpected North American volumes and increasing materials costs, we acknowledged the need to make strategic and structural changes to our U.S. business to achieve a competitive business model. We entered into discussions regarding these changes with Ford; as we write this letter (March 16, 2005), those discussions are ongoing. Our intense commitment to delivering results in terms of innovative products, superior quality and financial performance provides a sound impetus for moving Visteon into the future. Central to that effort is a resolute leadership team. On July 1, 2004, Michael Johnston was named president and chief executive officer of Visteon. This move was in keeping with the succession plan established when he joined Visteon in 2000 as president and chief operating officer and was subsequently elected to the Board of Directors in April 2002. There is no doubt 2005 will present as many challenges, but we believe we have in place the leadership to deal with them and the determination to meet the expectations of all our constituencies.

3

2004 ANNUAL REPORT

