A Message from the Chairman
As we entered the second half of 2008, Visteon had begun to see the benefits of our multi-faceted three-year improvement plan. This plan, designed in late 2005, addressed unprofitable and non-core operations, improved quality and safety, attacked costs and bureaucracy, and targeted profitable business growth. We were nearing completion, restructuring more than 30 facilities around the globe ­ faster and at less cost than planned ­ and significantly improving our cost structure. Our strong product portfolio was yielding innovative technologies and driving new business wins. We were capitalizing on a diversified customer base, globally balanced manufacturing and engineering footprint, and improved product quality. In short, we were positioning Visteon to begin generating the financial returns that had long eluded the company. Then, in mid-summer 2008, the world changed. Financial and housing markets collapsed, fuel prices soared, and credit markets tightened, sending the global economy into a tailspin. The swiftness of this decline, and its impact on consumer confidence, had a significant impact on car and truck sales. Vehicle production levels fell dramatically, impacting the entire supplier industry. Our restructuring efforts were overwhelmed by factors beyond our control. As a result, we have been taking more aggressive actions, cutting costs more deeply, and working more diligently to align our resources with today's economy. We are preserving the capabilities that give us a competitive advantage and will fuel our future growth. While completing our three-year plan, Visteon accomplished a great amount in a challenging 2008. We won nearly $700 million in new business, including breakthroughs on low-cost and alternative fuel vehicles. We expanded our capabilities in emerging markets including India, Russia and the Czech Republic, while launching two U.S. plants to support new vehicles. We solidified our reputation for automotive intellect by earning Automotive News PACE recognition for our product innovations. While our industry faces many hurdles, we are committed to staying in step with the new market reality. Our diversified customer base, strong global resources, innovative technologies and product quality will serve Visteon well when the economy rebounds. I am proud to be a member of a talented team of Visteon employees. Their resilience, fortitude and commitment give me confidence that we will achieve our goal to be a company that delivers value for all of our stakeholders.

"We are committed to staying in step with the new market reality."

1
2008 Annual Report

Donald J. Stebbins Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

