                To Our Shareholders 1
alan f. schultz chairman, president and chief executive officer
 2007 – A Turning Point
2007 was an extraordinary year in the history of Valassis. It was a year defined by our bold acquisition of ADVO – the right decision at the right time for our business.
This decision marked a turning point for our company. We produced positive financial results for 2007 and launched a strategy for the long-term growth of this great company.
We acquired ADVO, Inc., the nation’s leading direct mail marketer, on March 2, 2007. A like company in size and revenue with complementary products and clients, this acquisition was the culmination of our larger plan to diversify our business.
As I look at what we have accomplished since the acquisition, I am amazed at all that our unified team achieved in such a short time. With determination, we forged ahead quickly to integrate our businesses, realize cost synergies, optimize the shared mail business and set the stage for the future. We began to see results of the integration as early as the third quarter of 2007. The value of the acquisition is evident in our performance in the second half of 2007. During this time, revenues were up 137.0 percent; net earnings increased 174.1 percent; and earnings per share (EPS) were up 175.0 percent. A strong company just became a stronger one.
Full-year revenues increased 114.9 percent to $2,242.2 million and net earnings were $58.0 million, up 13.1% from 2006, resulting in full-year EPS of $1.21. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA* was $252.8 million. This exceptional performance is a result of the significant improvements we have made in the management of the shared mail business and the realization of cost synergies associated with the acquisition and integration of ADVO. Additionally, within 11 months of closing the ADVO acquisition, we have made $104.4 million in debt repayments of which $100 million was voluntary.
The combination of our business diversification and the restructuring of fixed and variable costs as evidenced by the aforementioned results has set the stage for sustainable revenue growth. The success of our shared mail business is expected to lead the way. Full-year segment profit for the shared mail business was $83.2 million, up 80.9 percent from 2006. In fact, during the second half of 2007, profit from the shared
mail business far exceeded the decline in segment profit from the FSI business.
The ADVO Acquisition – a Smart Decision
Our 2007 financial performance reinforces our belief in the strong strategic rationale for the acquisition. Blended media solutions that include shared mail and electronic distribution will play an increasingly important role in our future. In fact, as newspaper circulation declines, this creates an opportunity for us to actively migrate this business to our higher margin shared mail business. Valassis offers the only national shared mail distribution network in the industry.
The integration presented an opportunity to make substantial improvements in operating the shared mail business. We exceeded even our own expectations. A strong, united and diversified Valassis experienced the success of the acquisition in just nine months after the close of the deal. At our first opportunity to win as a team – we won as a single, united team.
Our primary focus for 2007 was delivering cost synergies associated with the integration. Cost synergies totaled $26 million for the year, exceeding our original expectation of $18 million. Our optimization initiative, designed to reduce over-supply and deliver more profitable packages, has increased the profitability of the shared mail business and contributed significantly to our third- and fourth-quarter performances for 2007.
Going forward, shared mail presents a great opportunity for us to differentiate Valassis in the FSI industry and improve margins as circulation shifts from newspapers to shared mail. At the end of 2007, the FSI segment accounted for 17.9 percent of our revenue compared to 42.3 percent at the end of 2006, prior to the acquisition of ADVO. The FSI industry has been faced with two challenges: declining newspaper circulation and pricing pressure. In response to the circulation trend, we have blended shared mail, which has the ability to reach 90 percent of all U.S. households, with newspaper delivery.
   
                2 To Our Shareholders
 2007 Share of Revenue by Segment
2007 Percentage of Revenue by Customer Vertical
  Free-standing Insert 17.9%
Shared Mail 53.4%
Specialty Retail 15.5%
Telecom 8.1%
Satellite 1.6%
Discount Stores - 5.4%
Other 2.8%
Today, we can reach more than 100 million households each week. Our already incredible reach strengthened with the acquisition. While pricing pressure continues, we have offset this financial implication with the performance in other areas of our business, most notably in our Shared Mail and Neighborhood Targeted segments.
An investment in our long-term future, the acquisition has diversified our product portfolio, added the mailbox to our multi-media platform of delivery options and enhanced our capabilities to deliver value to consumers.
Expanded Product Portfolio Delivers Value
Blended media solutions to meet the changing preferences of consumers will play an increasingly important role in our company’s future. Our comprehensive products and services portfolio is delivered in your mailbox, in your newspaper, on your doorstep, in your store and online. This multi- media platform delivers industry-leading, value-oriented content from approximately 15,000 advertisers worldwide. Our distribution strength results in Valassis being one of the U.S. Postal Service’s largest customers and one of the largest newspaper advertisers having strong working relationships with more than 13,000 newspapers.
Our new media strength provides our clients with opportunities to meet the needs of their best customers and target just the right audience for their campaigns garnering strategic, efficient and effective results. Beginning in 2008, on a weekly basis, we have started to deliver 5.7 million shared mail coupon booklets in addition to the 57.1 million FSI coupon booklets in newspapers. Also, we have augmented our current newspaper coverage in many markets with shared mail distribution to continue to provide unmatched reach and frequency. Valassis is the ultimate source of value with unprecedented scale. We are the world’s leader in delivering value-oriented content to consumers.
Driving Sustainable Revenue Growth in the Future
We are aggressively cross-selling Valassis products and services to the acquired shared mail client base of 13,000, as well as selling shared mail to Valassis’ existing 2,000 clients, to drive sustainable profitable revenue growth, which we expect to begin realizing in the back half of 2008. Cross-training of our Sales organization began in August of 2007. Cross-selling has been enhanced by fully integrating our Sales organization in early December of 2007 and introducing a new Sales compensation plan at the first of this year.
Further, we expect to implement a proprietary, first-of- its-kind, company-wide targeting system in the second quarter of 2008. This tool will enable Valassis to lead the market in providing clients locally optimized media plans, managed on a national level. This technology uses advanced mathematical models to calculate and analyze more variables than would otherwise be humanly possible. With the launch and implementation of this groundbreaking targeting tool, Valassis will have the ability to rapidly generate multiple targeting recommendations, providing our clients with an optimal solution to effectively and efficiently identify their audience and the preferred method to deliver value to them. This will provide us with a true competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Internationally, with locations in Mexico, Europe, Canada and China, we have plans in place to drive profitable growth in our media and redemption businesses in Europe; successfully integrate our business in Canada; and extend our reach in China.
In 2008, we expect low- to mid-single digit revenue growth and increased adjusted EBITDA1 of between $260 and $280 million, representing between $2.14 and $2.39 in expected adjusted cash EPS2. We expect revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of 2008.
Neighborhood Targeted 21.4%
Grocery, Mass and Drug 17.2%
Restaurants 13.3%
Financial 3.0%
Household Targeted - 2.0%
International
& Services - 5.3%
Consumer Services 9.1%
Consumer Packaged Goods 17.4%
Direct Marketers 6.6%
           
                To Our Shareholders 3
   (back)
America’s Looking For Its Missing Children® program has expanded from the RedPlum Wrap (shown here) to the RedPlum FSI and redplum.com.
To commemorate the launch of RedPlum, Valassis leaders Brian Costello (left), Vice President and General Manager, Interactive; Michelle Murad, Vice President, Pricing and Product Management; Alan Schultz, Chairman, President and CEO; Therese Mulvey, Vice President, Marketing Intelligence; Suzie Brown, Chief Marketing Officer; and Mary Broaddus, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on January 3, 2008.
Innovation continues to be critical to our future. Valassis was founded in 1970 as a company committed to delivering value to our clients and to consumers. This commitment is as strong today as it was 38 years ago. We have continued to innovate by expanding our product portfolio, our distribution methods and targeting capabilities, all designed to provide value to our clients and today’s consumer.
I am optimistic about our expanded value proposition, unprecedented consumer reach and our cross-selling opportunities that will drive future profitability. Valassis is the ultimate source of value – just look in your mailbox, in your newspaper, on your doorstep, in your store and online. We are proud of what we offer clients and the relevant, timely savings and value we deliver to American families to sweeten their lives.
By delivering value to consumers, we can build value for our shareholders. My own personal history with Valassis began in 1984 and I am proud to be a part of this extraordinary, exciting time in our company’s history – a turning point for the future.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Providing one Source of Value with RedPlum
Building on our reputation as the leader in providing value, in January of 2008, we launched our RedPlum consumer brand across our entire portfolio of products. With the combination of our value-oriented content, multiple ways to receive it and unparalleled reach, RedPlum powers our mission to deliver value to consumers how, when and where they want. It is the next step in our evolution.
Our distinctive RedPlum portfolio also unifies our company under a single consumer brand that resonates with our clients’ target audience and is unique in our competitive space. We reach over 100 million households each week through our broad distribution network.
Today’s evasive consumer is on the move. RedPlum embraces the consumer’s desire to seek out value with ease and convenience. We connect to that need, enabling consumers to do something special for themselves and their families – to indulge.
Building on our wish to help American families, we also expanded our commitment to the America’s Looking For Its Missing Children® program and strengthened our partnership with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and U.S. Postal Service. Images of missing children can now be found on the RedPlum FSI and at redplum.com, expanding the reach of the program. It is our hope that even more children will be found as a direct result of this impressive effort, already responsible for the safe recovery of 148 children.
Our destination Web site – redplum.com – which launched in the marketplace in January 2008, allows us to extend our current and future advertising partners’ reach to our proprietary portal. Redpum.com invites consumers to experience, in a new way, the thrill of discovering lifestyle-oriented content, deals and offers that are both timely and relevant to them.
(front)
              