                                           TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
While we don’t know when the economic recovery will begin, we do plan to be ready. I believe Valassis will emerge from these extraordinary times a stronger, more competitive company and continue to deliver enduring, relevant value to consumers, clients and shareholders.
We began 2008 ringing the bell at the New York Stock Exchange to celebrate our solid performance in 2007 and the introduction of our new consumer brand – RedPlumTM. We were building momentum, but as the year ended it was clear that times had changed – 2008 would be defined by the downturn in the economy and media industry.
Looking forward, we designed and implemented a Profit Maximization Plan, which we expect to generate between $50 to $60 million in additional cost savings in 2009. It is our desire to leave no stone unturned. Extraordinary times. Extraordinary measures.
Changing World
One thing that has remained constant, however, is our commitment to delivering value to consumers. Delivering value has remained the cornerstone of our growth, diversification and innovation since Valassis was founded in 1970. Recognized as one of Advertising Age’s Top 25 Media Companies in 2008, we built our business by delivering value to consumers and marketers who need to reach them.
Our response to the changing world was swift and decisive.
We had been on the path toward cost containment since our shared mail acquisition in 2007, achieving $38.4 million in integration cost synergies in 2008. In the third quarter, however, we accelerated our cost management strategies beyond integration and expanded these efforts throughout the company. We focused on actions to drive immediate or short-term results and pursued strategies to strengthen our company financially and competitively during these extraordinary times.
We recognize that it is more important than ever to provide marketers with compelling reasons to shift their declining media budgets our way. With our unmatched offering of more than 20 RedPlum products and services, Valassis stands out as the only company that can blend a one-of-a-kind national shared mail network with newspaper distribution. Our new, patent-pending, media planning engine, IMO (Integrated Media Optimization), combines client objectives, budget and targeting criteria to deliver custom multi-media plans to clients in just hours. This capability
As a result, our “cash flow from operations” was $96 million, and we continued to invest our cash toward debt repayment. In fact, as I write this letter in mid-February of 2009, we have repaid $246.7 million in net debt since the acquisition of our shared mail business in March 2007.
ALAN F. SCHULTZ, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Delivering Enduring
and RelevantValue
Owning Value

                                             will prove vital to advancing our
2009 sales priorities – client retention, cross-selling and new client acquisition. We are pursuing all three strategies to compete aggressively in the competitive media market, as U.S. advertising spending is expected to continue to decline at unprecedented levels in 2009.
In 2009, our investments will be concentrated on interactive and in-store. Not surprising, consumers continue to spend more time seeking values online. According to Google, consumers are searching the word “coupon” 54% more often than in previous years.1 Today we offer our clients the ability to extend
their offline promotions online, through our redplum.com destination site and network. Our interactive business is building momentum, with increasing consumer page views and secure coupon prints, while also reducing expenses and accelerating revenues. In the in-store arena, we introduced RedPlum Perimeter, a product that gives consumers offers at deli, meat and seafood counters and drives traffic throughout the store.
Alan F. Schultz Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
The Future
Shared Mail 57.9%
International, Digital Media
& Services - 7.1%
We believe today’s economic crisis is shaping a new generation of consumers who will increasingly demand value and seek out savings. We also believe these changes in spending and saving habits will be permanent, positioning our portfolio well for the future. We understand, however, that consumer media usage is also changing, and we will continue to adapt our portfolio to ensure we deliver relevant value to consumers – how, when and where they want.
2008 Percentage of Revenue by Client Vertical
Innovation remains a critical component
of adapting to the future. We will
remain deliberate and disciplined in our investments to fuel our long-term growth. In 2008, we began to lay the foundation for what we believe will be a new business model in the FSI Industry. We are working
Telecom - 5.7%
toward differentiating our FSI business by leveraging our unique shared mail distribution network, as we believe it offers a viable alternative to declining newspaper circulations. While we are encouraged by early research results, it is still early in the process and we continue to pursue this new business model as a long-term sustainable solution.
the economic recovery will begin, we do plan to be ready. I believe Valassis will emerge from these extraordinary times
a stronger, more competitive company and continue to deliver enduring, relevant value to consumers, clients
Attitude Trumps All
Restaurants 13.0%
Consumer Services - 8.4%
“If you think you can or think you can’t, you are right.” – Henry Ford
Specialty Retail 16.3%
Direct Marketers - 6.9%
Valassis associates have risen to the challenges around us with a sense of pride, resourcefulness and dogged determination. I believe attitude trumps everything, and you will not find a more passionate, dedicated team of people than the team at Valassis. We stand ready to take on the opportunities of today and tomorrow. While we don’t know when
Grocery, Mass and Drug 18.3%
Discount Stores - 5.4%
and shareholders.
2008 Share of Revenue by Segment
Neighborhood Targeted
19.5% Free-Standing Insert - 15.5%
Consumer Packaged Goods 16.8%
Satellite 2.0% Financial - 4.2%
1Google, U.S. “Coupon” search, July 2007 – February 15, 2009 versus January 2004 – June 2007
Other - 2.9%
