       45
S.C. JOHNSON & SON,INC...PIZZA HUT,INC...THE PILLSBURY COMPANY...THE QUAKER OATS COMPANY
Value
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
Throughout our 30-year history, Valassis has built an enterprise that consistently delivers results for our clients and creates value for our shareholders. Our success is attributed to:
• A growing portfolio of products competing in markets we dominate—offering operating leverage and strong profitability.
• Revenue growth from an expanding list of blue-chip clients.
• Substantial free cash flow used to maximize shareholder value.
• A strategic growth plan directed toward high-growth segments and markets.
• Our ability to consistently recruit and retain a talented team of employees.
Our products and services are largely unaffected by broad economic conditions, and our client base is both substantial and diverse. This steadfast performance puts us in a rare category—that of an all-weather business and investment.

                    — Alan F. Schultz, Chairman, President and CEO
EPS
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
To our shareholders, clients
and employees,
Fiscal year 2000 marked a year of change and growth for Valassis unlike any other in our history. We made an extraordinary team effort to achieve great results — record revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow.
We increased FSI revenue by approximately 2%, to $603 million in 2000. We were able to achieve these results in a challenging environment and with a slight decrease in market share. Our highly trained sales consultants have been successful in guiding clients on best practices to ensure the best results for their promotions. We also reinvested in the FSI business this year through the expansion of our Durham manufacturing facility. The FSI remains a mainstay of our clients’ marketing plans because it is the most effective and efficient promotional tool available.
TOTAL REVENUES1 (in millions)
We grew all of our core businesses in 2000, while laying important groundwork for success in our new initiatives. We expect to break new revenue and EPS records again in 2001. Unlike many companies, we have the benefit of good visibility into the coming year through long-term contracts with our clients and suppliers.
1997 1998
1999
2000
Since we do business with about 60% of America’s top 100 Advertisers, our client base is large, diverse and growing. You will find the names of our clients across the bottom of this annual report. They are names you will recognize, and we are proud to be their business partners.
We have historically targeted 4%-6% revenue FSI growth, which drives significantly more profits. Due to planned reductions in direct response business, we think the lower end of this range will be more realistic for 2001. Unlike more traditional media, the FSI business typically does well in a tightening economy.
2000 RECORDS2 Revenue
Core Businesses
Our largest core business, the co-op free-standing insert (FSI), charted another year of solid industry growth; consumer package goods manufacturers increased their industry page volume by 4.5%. The FSI business generates significant cash flow for our new initiatives, and its tremendous operating leverage means moderate top-line growth can drive significant growth in profitability.
1 Revenues exclude $15.1 million, $15.2 million and $11.4 million in 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively, to reflect the Company’s Canadian Direct Merchandising division which was discontinued in the fourth quarter of 1999.
67
HARDEE S FOOD SYSTEMS,INC...L OREAL... NORDSTROM INC...DOMINO S PIZZA LLC...
Our two other core businesses, Valassis Impact Promotions (VIP) and Targeted Marketing Services (TMS) posted record revenue, margin and client expansion into new categories and industries. Both these divisions consistently deliver growth, and now comprise more than 26% of our total revenues. Both of these businesses were internal start-ups, demonstrating our ability to leverage our strengths and successfully expand our product offerings.
Cash Flow
$779.5 $836.6 2 $664.1 $726.2
$836.6 million
$2.22
$134 million
2 Excludes the effect of a lawsuit settlement and writedowns of impaired assets.

       “We have become an integral part of our clients’ new product
In the fall of this year, we completed the acquisition of PreVision Marketing, the premier CRM agency. They have a blue-chip client base and industry-wide reputation for high-end CRM consulting and analytics. PreVision Marketing had 2000 revenues of $25 million. They have a track record of gaining new clients and an extraordinarily high retention rate of existing clients. We also formed a joint venture with Dutch information giant, VNU, named Valassis Relationship Marketing Systems, LLC (VRMS). This venture is being led by Sue Griffin, CEO of VRMS, and former Vice President at Valassis. With this venture, we now have world-class CRM software and a presence in 7,500 of the 10,000 and growing number of stores that offer frequent shopper programs. And, as consumer package goods participation grows, we come closer to reaching the critical mass needed to drive strong profitability.
delivered. Our operations team overachieved. The combination resulted in a record performance for the division. Most importantly, the
development strategies. There is tremendous market potential for our business, both in
momentum is ” continuing into 2001.
our CPG client base ” and in new industries.
An integral part of our strategic growth plan calls for expansion in technology-based businesses. We’re concentrating on two initiatives: customer relationship marketing and Internet-delivered promotions.
— MaryAnn D. Rivers Executive Vice President Targeted Marketing Services
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
Valassis Impact Promotions exceeded its projected revenue growth of 15% for the year, to produce $136 million. They are projected to achieve another 15% revenue growth this year. Fueled by additional sales resources and new client categories, this division has significant momentum.
with their consumers. By using technology and information based on past purchase behavior, offers/communications can be customized to be relevant to individual needs. This industry is one of the fastest-growing areas of marketing today. We spent 2000 building the foundation and putting the pieces together; moving forward, we are well positioned to capitalize on growing CRM budgets.
“
The VIP business
The Targeted Marketing Services division had an outstanding performance in 2000, with 22% growth, or over $84 million in total division sales. The fastest-growing segment of the division is the sampling and advertising product group. For the fourth year running, the sampling and advertising segment exceeded its 20% growth target to deliver 35% growth, and posted almost $56 million in sales. We have expanded our distribution offering and dominate the direct-to-home sampling market.
year. Our sales team
New Initiatives
— Ruth Libbey Vice President and General Manager, Valassis Impact Promotions
Customer Relationship Marketing (CRM)
enables businesses to build ongoing relationships
89
FELPAUSCH FOOD CENTERS...HOLIDAY INN...CADBURY SCHWEPPES PLC...MCDONALD S CORP.
had a tremendous

        10
11
“...Investors are looking for recession-resistant
flow, Valassis has
names to invest in for the next year...
We will move forward in 2001 to further develop our Internet product offering. Our goal is to develop a profitable business model quickly, while being efficient and judicious with the amount of capital invested.
successfully leveraged their expertise in promotion to build
— Lauren Rich Fine, CFA Managing Director
— Gregory H. Ekizian Managing Director, Goldman Sachs Asset Management
First Vice President
Merrill Lynch
”
In fiscal 2001 we will continue to explore new ways to deliver value to our stakeholders. In doing this, we rely on the guidance of our strong and supportive board of directors, the loyalty and leadership of our experienced management team, and the enduring dedication of our
new marketing ” services businesses.
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
PROVIDING VALUE TO INVESTORS
We continue to see strong evidence that the Internet will be a powerful promotional medium. During 2000, we made progress on our Internet initiatives, primarily through our 50+% investment in Save.com, LLC. This business provides coupons and incentives delivered over the Internet, printed directly from a user’s home computer. The company recently named Suzie Brown, formerly Valassis’ Vice President of Internet and e-Commerce Services, as Save.com’s new CEO, providing the business greater marketing acumen, sales management expertise and leadership.
The Future
We expect start-up losses from investments in both CRM and the Internet and have included them into our 2001 projections.
1,400 employees.
With my sincere thanks for your support,
For the fourth consecutive year, Valassis was named to Fortune Magazine’s list of the 100 Best Companies to Work for in America, making it possible to attract and keep exceptionally talented employees. We added 40 new sales consultants to our sales team this year with our “Feet on the Street” initiative, designed to serve the needs of our growing product line-up, and create additional demand as we tap 2001 market potential.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and CEO
DOLE FOOD COMPANY,INC...MATTEL,INC... THE PROCTER & GAMBLE CO...BEIERSDORF AG
We are concentrating our primary efforts on growing our core businesses and building our CRM and Internet initiatives to critical mass. We are also monitoring future trends to identify growth opportunities consistent with our strategic growth plan and maintaining a connection with our clients, shareholders, and employees to communicate the progress of our business. You may have noticed the change in our corporate logo and look. This is our way of indicating that we’re a company committed to growth and change, but that the integrity of our name and reputation remain constant.
“
Backed by its
strong free cash
