2012 - A year of building a foundation for growth and our future
Throughout 2012, our leadership team focused on building a foundation for our future. Our blueprint centered on creating a solid platform to build top and bottom line growth for our foreseeable future. As the new President and CEO of Valassis, my first order of business was to form a strong leadership team. I wanted a team that would be very participative; contributing to key decisions and taking ownership of initiatives directly impacting our business. I'm extremely fortunate to have a team that collectively has over 150 years of experience with our company. Our team has demonstrated a track record of driving results while maintaining a passion for creating greater value for our clients and enhancing our unique and positive culture. The acquisitions of Brand.net and Circle Street are key milestones in the evolution of our digital plan. Both acquisitions advance our ability to identify, locate and connect with consumers via online display, video and/or mobile platforms. The digital media landscape is evolving and clients are continuing to increase the dollars they are devoting to that space. Our unique ability to blend the targeted reach of digital with the scale, engagement and the call to action offered by print puts us in a great position to create true value and differentiation in the market. In addition to integrating Brand.net and Circle Street, we've continued to make significant investments in product development, engineering and sales talent that will shape the future of our digital business and further leverage the momentum we've built in our organic digital business where we grew revenue by over 100% in 2012. After a thorough review of our product portfolio, to ensure that we are aligning the right resources with the right opportunities, we made the decision to exit our newspaper polybag advertising and sampling and solo direct mail businesses. These mature businesses had been negatively impacted by decreased client demand and exiting them became part of a significant organization-wide cost reduction and right-sizing effort. From a deployment of capital standpoint and as part of our responsibility to maximize value for our shareholders, we executed a purposeful stock repurchase plan. During calendar year 2012, we spent 64% of our free cash flow* or $112.0 million on stock repurchases at an average purchase price of $21.89 per share. To further enhance our return of capital, we announced the initiation of a quarterly cash dividend policy in December 2012 and made the first dividend payment January 2013.

*Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Page A-2 for the definition of free cash flow and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

Our vision for OUR future. To build on the foundation we established in 2012, we needed a new vision that would provide our associates, clients and shareholders a clear view of who we are and where we're going. Our leadership team ­ with major input from all of our associates ­ has crafted that new vision ­ Creating the future of intelligent media delivery to drive your greatest success. Our new vision speaks to our unique ability to deliver advertising and promotional messages by combining precise targeting, actionable insights and proven media to influence purchase behavior at home, on the go or in the store. As consumer media and shopping behaviors continue to shift and create changes in client advertising and promotional needs, we will continue to evolve and grow our intelligent media portfolio and innovate across all of our businesses. 2013 and beyond In 2013, we have a straight-forward plan for achieving growth across our business segments. Our plan is to:
· ·

Grow our share of print markets by leveraging the proprietary scale, coverage and targetability of Shared Mail. Capitalize on the proven performance of our cooperative Free-standing Insert ­ a vehicle that continues to carry over 90% of all consumer packaged goods manufacturer offers ­ to grow volume and profitability. Leverage our enhanced in-store network ­ expanded by 12,000 stores with the addition of Rite Aid and Family Dollar ­ and improve our share of consumer packaged goods spend. Employ disciplined innovation across our entire product portfolio to create incremental growth from new and existing clients.

·

·

Moving forward, I believe we are in a great position to realize sustainable, long-term growth by leveraging three pillars: 1. Bringing our new vision to life and continually evolving our intelligent media portfolio to optimize clients' advertising and promotional efforts by blending online and offline solutions that engage consumers with relevant offers wherever they plan, shop, buy and share. 2. Allowing our 400-plus sales organization ­ and the relationships they own with more than 15,000 clients ­ to create unique differentiation based on a thorough understanding of our clients' objectives and the ability to optimize print and digital solutions to meet those needs. 3. Utilizing our attractive free cash flow to place a primary emphasis on return of capital, leaving ample opportunity to reduce debt and make thoughtful investments in our business while creating maximum value for our shareholders and a bright future for our company. We are extremely well positioned for today and the future. Our leaders and our entire Valassis team are passionate about bringing our new vision to life. Our clients see real value within and across a product portfolio that delivers a unique blend of scale, targetability and proven return on their investment. During 2012, we've built a sound platform that puts us in a great position to grow. By relying on that solid foundation and creating the future of intelligent media delivery, I am confident we are ready to establish the sustained, profitable growth that will drive your greatest success.

Rob Mason President and CEO

