 Letter to Shareholders
 Welcome to our World
In the early 1970s, Valassis launched the free-standing insert (FSI) industry after realizing the great potential
to reach the masses by delivering millions of manufacturer coupons in a new and innovative way. It was a risk, but one worth taking. This cost-effective FSI has become Valassis’ flagship product, allowing customers to reach over 69 million North American households.
The same entrepreneurial spirit that created the FSI 32 years ago, expanded to include cluster targeted products 13 years ago, sampling nine years ago and 1 to 1 solutions, two and a half years ago. Through a combination of organic growth, start-up ventures and acquisitions focused on capabilities, Valassis has become a multi-product consumer promotion company, specializing in at-home delivery. Today, consumer packaged goods (CPG) customers are but one of our growing customer segments. We offer Connective MediaTM solutions with mass, cluster targeted and 1 to 1 reach. This is what sets us apart from our competitors. No other company offers the integrated
 
 solutions Valassis does. Welcome to our world...it is a world where we connect people to brands...a world centered on our customers.
Setting the Direction
2002 was a year in which corporate America came under close scrutiny, leading to new corporate governance, auditing and disclosure rules. In keeping with these new rules, Valassis reaffirmed that all six of our existing outside Board of Directors met the NYSE criteria for independence and all of our committees were correctly composed. We also established a Corporate Governance/ Nominating Committee. These new laws did not require any major changes on our part. Valassis has always taken a conservative approach to matters of finance and corporate governance. Our Board of Directors set the direction for the Company and it is one based on financial responsibility, accountability and integrity.
Journeying to our Destination: Our Customers
In 2002, we realigned our sales
organization by customer type. We created experts around our customers’ industries to better offer strategic marketing solutions to generate the best results for their products and brands. This customer focus and expertise is valued, in particular, at a time when marketing budgets have been reduced and more importance placed on the bottom-line. The recession in the advertising industry, which has spanned the past two years, has been the worst the industry has experienced since the Great Depression. Yet, Valassis has grown revenues and earnings per share over this two-year period by offering a broad range of Connective MediaTM solutions.
We have continued to make capital investments in our company. In 2003, we will embark on an information technology initiative, which will touch every aspect of our business and support our multi-product offerings. Additionally, we began a share repurchase program in 1996 and have bought approximately 17.8 million shares of our stock since that time. Still, we ended 2002 with $97 million cash on
 9

1970
Valassis Founded
1972
One Product, One Customer Base
1989
Cluster Targeted
1993
Sampling
2000
1 to 1
2002
Multi Products, Diversified Customer Base
                     the books and expect to generate over $105 million in cash flow in 2003.
The market share for the FSI in 2003 is expected to be between 43 and 45%, leading to lower earnings per share. However, we believe this shortfall in the FSI market share will be temporary, and we are committed to returning market share to traditional levels.
Our debt, net of cash, at the end of 2002 of $160 million is the lowest since Valassis became a public company in 1992. The pricing and terms of our new $125 million revolving credit facility, which we entered into in 2002, are a testament to our Company and its financial strength.
We have achieved this financial success despite the economic challenges by embracing team and integrated solution selling, broadening our customer base, expanding our product portfolio and growing and evolving our existing customers, products and services while containing costs.
As part of our strategic Growth Plan, we acquired NCH Marketing Services,
Inc. in February of 2003. The acquisition of this premier, worldwide coupon processing and promotion information management company complements Valassis’ Vision of being the world’s leading innovative, integrated marketing solutions company. This acquisition provides Valassis with another tool to offer our customers a closed-loop solution to their promotions. With operations in the United States, Europe and Mexico, the NCH acquisition also provides a platform for Valassis to test our suite of promotion products internationally.
2003 will be a year in which we will expand our product portfolio and diversify our customer base even more. We will:
• Invest in new computer technology and systems
• Invest in new manufacturing technology • Evolve our established businesses • Invest in training our employees
Our commitment to make Valassis a great place to work remains strong and we are proud to be named by Fortune magazine for the sixth
 10

 Our growth strategies include enhancing the use of technology, information and analytics.
consecutive year as one of the “100 Best Places to Work for in America.”
Navigating our Future
Our Growth Plan is in place, and our people will keep the focus on our customers and help us grow and achieve our Vision. We successfully executed integrated solutions in 2002 by creating plans that include our mass, cluster targeted and 1 to 1 solutions.
No longer do we offer one product or serve one customer segment. Today, the CPG industry represents 55% of our revenue. Many of our longtime CPG customers have expanded their marketing plans to not only reach the masses through the FSI, but also to take advantage of the cluster targeted and 1 to 1 capabilities we offer. This includes our 49 million household frequent shopper database and our direct mail business. Much like we did with the FSI, we built our direct mail business from a zero-revenue base.
We have embraced new marketing methods and ideas. We also have
enhanced our use of technology, information and analytics to provide our customers with the best market segmentation and media recommendations for their mass, cluster targeted and 1 to 1 promotions.
Our promotional and advertising products are supported by extensive research, targeting, media planning and placement, strategic planning and fulfillment services. With manufacturing and production facilities in North America and Europe, we pride ourselves on being the low-cost producer. And with our latest acquisition, we now have an international infrastructure in place, which further complements our business.
Valassis offers a world of opportunities for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. I would like to thank you for your support.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and CEO
  11
