    TO OuR sHAReHOldeRs
 VF Corporation achieved its fifth straight year of record performance in 2007, as
revenues rose 16% to over $7 billion—
a new milestone—and earnings per share increased 14% to $5.41. President and Chief Executive Officer Eric Wiseman and Chairman Mackey McDonald provide an
“inside” look at VF’s 2007 results and their strategy for continuing the company’s momentum over the coming years.
What drove VF’s strong performance in 2007?
Eric Wiseman: Organic growth for starters. It was 10% in 2007, balanced across many brands and businesses. In fact, four out of our five coalitions grew their top lines—driven by new product innovations and line extensions in some cases; international growth and retail store expansion in others. Acquisitions were
also key to our 2007 performance. During the year we acquired the 7 For All Mankind®, Majestic®, Eagle Creek® and lucy® brands. We also reacquired rights from a licensee to sell The North Face® products in China.
What were the company’s most important achievements during the year?
EW: There were many, but three stand out. By acquiring the 7 For All Mankind® and lucy® brands, we created an exciting new growth platform—our Contemporary Brands coalition. We sold our intimate apparel business, strengthening our portfolio’s top- and bottom-line
growth potential. Outdoor also came up big. In addition to delivering outstanding performance, the coalition implemented VF’s suite of common systems to help support its future growth.
How do the 7 For All Mankind® and lucy® brands fit into VF’s long-term strategy?
Mackey McDonald: Both are terrific brands with tremendous long-term growth prospects and a very strong following among women. The 7 For All Mankind® brand is the established leader in the premium jeans market in the U.S., and lucy® is a small, but rapidly growing, women’s activewear brand. The 7 For All Mankind® brand has multiple avenues for growth, not only in its core denim products, but also in sportswear and accessories, the opening of owned retail stores and international expansion. The lucy® brand is exciting for us, as it marks VF’s first “pure play” retail acquisition. When we acquired the lucy® brand, it had 50 stores
and we see the potential for 300 stores over time.
VF CORPORATION | 39

            OPERATINg MARgIN
(PERCENT TO REvENUES)
       RETURN ON CAPITAL (PERCENT)
                 REvENUES (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
DEBT TO CAPITAL RATIO
(PERCENT)
CASh PROvIDED
BY OPERATIONS (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
DIvIDENDS PER ShARE (DOLLARS)
 ‘05
 ‘06
 ‘07
“Consumers continue to seek distinctive
brands that enhance their lives and make a
statement about who they are—or who they
aspire to be. That’s what VF is all about.”
— Eric Wiseman
What are VF’s greatest opportunities for growth in 2008?
MM: Our international and direct-to-consumer businesses should continue to drive growth in 2008. In terms of our coalitions, Outdoor and Contemporary Brands will be particularly strong contributors to growth this year.
EW: Absolutely. In Outdoor, we’re expecting growth across our brands. The North Face® brand is making great strides in many product categories and will launch an array of new products in early 2008. Our Vans® brand should achieve double-digit growth in its apparel business, and both the Kipling® and Napapijri® brands are benefiting from expanded product lines along with growth in Europe and other international markets. In addition, our 7 For All Mankind® and lucy® brands should both continue their momentum. Jeanswear’s international business continues to look strong, and we expect Majestic Athletic to lead the growth of our Imagewear coalition.
What are the key trends—both positive and negative— impacting your business today?
EW: Consumers continue to seek distinctive brands that enhance their lives and make a statement about who they are—or who they aspire to be. That’s what VF is all about. Our brands are rich in history, heritage and authenticity. They speak the language of their consumers’ lifestyles, giving us a big edge in the markets where we compete.
But there are economic headwinds, too—higher energy prices, falling consumer confidence and tightening credit among them. These factors have depressed the stock values of most companies in the apparel sector, including ours, despite our outstanding performance. We can’t control that, of course. So we’re putting our energies into what we know best—building leading lifestyle brands that excite consumers around the world, and executing on clearly defined goals and strategies.
Given those economic conditions, can VF continue to grow?
EW: We definitely think so. In fact, we’re forecasting
9% revenue growth in 2008, split about evenly between organic growth and the revenue contributions from companies we acquired in 2007. Because of VF’s balance and diversity, we’re not dependent on any one customer, geography, channel of distribution or product category for growth. Rather, we have a wide array of initiatives across our businesses—and across the globe—that should provide solid opportunities for growth in 2008 and beyond.
Mackey, VF has never been stronger. Why did you step down as CEO at the end of the year?
MM: My plan was always to hand over the reins when I felt that the best times were still ahead for VF—and I certainly believe that is the case today. I believe the plan we’ve put together for the next five years is even stronger than the one we launched back in 2004. I also have great confidence in the leadership team and believe they have the talent and expertise required to take VF to the next level.
Is the management transition now complete? What will be your role going forward?
MM: Eric has absolutely hit the ground running as president and CEO, and the transition has been extremely smooth. I will continue to be closely involved in Board activities, leadership development, acquisitions and business development.
Eric, how will VF’s vision or business strategy change under your leadership?
EW: We’re on the right course and we intend to stay on it. Mackey and I have been—and still are—very aligned on both our vision for the future of VF and the core growth drivers that bring that vision to life. We have a proven business model that has led to success far exceeding our original goals. And what excites me most is the potential our team sees for VF as we continue to execute this model over the coming years.
You announced a new five-year growth plan in early January. What kind of company will VF be in 2012?
EW: Bigger and more profitable. We’re targeting $11 billion in revenues by 2012—that’s $4 billion in growth over the next five years. And we’re targeting a 15% operating margin, a full point higher than our previous target. By 2012, we expect that 60% of VF’s revenues
will be generated by our lifestyle coalitions—Outdoor, Contemporary Brands and Sportswear—compared to 44% at the end of 2007. The remaining 40% will come from our heritage businesses, Jeanswear and Imagewear.
MM: International revenues will also account for an increasingly bigger piece of the pie. We see a third of revenues coming from international markets by 2012,
up from 28% in 2007. Our direct-to-consumer business, composed of owned retail stores and e-commerce, will also be much bigger, growing from approximately $1 billion in revenues today to $2.4 billion by 2012.
Which is more important to your plan: Organic growth or acquisitions?
EW: We’re planning 8 to 10% annual growth in revenues over the next five years—6 to 7% from organic growth and 2 to 3% from acquisitions. The fact that we expect more growth organically than from acquisitions underscores the confidence we have in our current portfolio of brands.
Why is retail growth such an important part of your plan?
EW: Managing our own retail stores allows us to showcase the lifestyle, power and full range of products of our strongest brands. We’re able to surround consumers with a complete brand experience—from the design and layout of the store to the assortment of products they contain. We’re fortunate that we’ve acquired brands with retail talent and expertise, and we’re using that expertise to aggressively grow our base of owned stores. At the end of 2007, we had more than 630 stores around the world, and that number could double over the next five years. We take a disciplined approach to opening new stores to ensure they contribute positively to both the top and bottom lines.
What makes you so confident that VF can achieve its five-year goals?
EW: A number of reasons, really. First, we have truly
great people who are passionate about their businesses
and perpetually driven to succeed. Our corporate culture
is both inclusive and collaborative because we respect
and value diverse opinions. Second, we have the strongest portfolio of brands in the industry, so we have many opportunities for future growth. Third, we have established operations in many different parts of the world, which can be leveraged as our brands achieve scale and as we add new brands. Finally, we’ve proven that we’re really good
at making smart acquisitions—and making them work.
I’m confident that we can build on that track record.
Mackey, what are the most important lessons from VF’s past that can help Eric and his team build on that success in the future?
MM: VF has been successful because we’ve learned how to focus the assets of a very large corporation on the needs of individual consumers. That’s the key, in my opinion—it’s what we’re all about. To keep that up, you need to continue building a team of leaders who are really dedicated to our brands and to the needs of consumers and retailers. You need to empower them to make their own decisions—and support those decisions with tools and resources that only a company like VF can provide. That goes way beyond mere logistics. It’s all about building on the “culture of collaboration” that makes VF unique. That’s how we’ve achieved our success. And I think that’s how VF will continue to grow.
Eric, what do think about that advice?
EW: That’s an easy one. I’ll take it.
  VF CORPORATION | 40
534 454
5,654 6,216
22.6 19.5
1.10
1.94
VF CORPORATION | 41
7,219
13.6 13.3 13.4
26.4
834
14.2 14.7
14.8
2.23
