Strong Brands Positioned for Strong Growth VF's business model is designed to deliver consistent, sustainable growth. The diversity of our portfolio ensures we have strong brands in place to engage consumers wherever they live, work or shop. We rely on consumer insights to guide our brand-building efforts, enabling us to craft authentic brand experiences and build deep connections with consumers around the world. The performance of our coalitions in 2011 is a testament to the power of our brands and the talent of our teams.

businesses, as our work to evolve Nautica ® products to a differentiated, performance-based positioning around water continues to pay off. And our Kipling ® brand is a fast-growing and very profitable success story in the U.S. Healthy growth was also achieved by our Contemporary Brands coalition, where revenues rose by 11% in 2011. Our 7 For All Mankind ®, Splendid ®, Ella Moss ® and John Varvatos ® brands all achieved higher revenues during the year. Building these brands' direct-to-consumer businesses, including new stores and e-commerce, continues to be an important component of our growth plans, and during the year direct-to-consumer revenues for Contemporary Brands grew over 30%. A Roadmap for Growth In early 2011 we updated our five-year financial goals and strategic growth drivers. Simply stated, we intend to deliver $5 billion in revenue growth and $5 in earnings per share growth over the next five years. More specifically, our goals are to increase revenues and earnings per share by 10% and 12% annually, respectively--goals which we surpassed in 2011. Key to our success has been our focus on VF's core Growth Drivers, which now consist of: +B  uild Lifestyle Brands, by emphasizing activitybased lifestyle brands that speak authentically

to consumers' needs and aspirations. Steve Rendle, Vice President and Group President --Outdoor & Action Sports Americas, and Scott Baxter, Vice President and Group President--Jeanswear Americas and Imagewear, provide their perspectives on what it takes to build strong brands beginning on page 10. + Go Global, by growing in both established and emerging markets, with our efforts concentrated in Europe, China, India, Brazil and Mexico, with a goal of 40% of total VF revenues from international markets by 2015. In 2011, international revenues were 34% of total revenues, up from 30% in 2010. Karl Heinz Salzburger, Vice President and Group President--International, discusses our international strategies in more detail on page 16. + Serve Consumers Directly, growing direct-toconsumer revenues to 22% of total revenues by adding branded retail stores and building stronger consumer relationships through our websites and social media. In 2011, direct-to-consumer revenues grew to 19% of total revenues from 18% in 2010. Mike Gannaway, Vice President--VF Direct/Customer Teams, provides a deeper look at our direct-to-consumer business on page 22. + Enable VF's Future, through investing in our people's professional development with training, tools and development opportunities, along

with investing in supply chain capabilities that reduce cost and provide speed, flexibility, value and service. + Win with Winning Customers, by leveraging consumer knowledge and global brand expertise to grow our market shares and to help our retail customers win with our global and exclusive brands. + Lead in Innovation, fostering a global culture of innovation across brands and functions, supported by new processes, new skills and talent, as well as new collaborative networks to accelerate the pace of breakthrough product introductions. You can read more about our Innovation agenda on page 28. The power of the VF portfolio--diversified, global and growing--has never been more evident. We enter 2012 with confidence that brands will continue their momentum, with conviction in our ability to execute our plans, and with a great deal of excitement about the many opportunities that lie ahead.

to to our our shareholders shareholders

eric c. wiseman eric c. -- wiseman Chairman, -- President Chairman, & ChiefPresident Executive& Officer Chief Executive Officer Timberland: Timberland: A Transformational Acquisition A Transformational Acquisition With approximately $1.7 billion in expected annual With approximately $1.7 billion in expected annual revenues, Timberland marks a new chapter for revenues, Timberland marks a our newOutdoor chapter for VF. In 2012, for the first time, & VF. In Sports 2012, for the first time, our Outdoor Action coalition will account for more & than Action Sports coalition willup account for more than half of VF's total revenues, from 26% in 2005. half of VF's total revenues, up from 26% in 2005. We're targeting a 10% annual revenue growth We're targeting a 10% annual revenuein growth rate for Timberland, or $900 million revenue rate for over Timberland, $900 million in revenue growth the next or five years. Key initiatives growth the next five years. Key initiatives ® include over developing and launching Timberland include developing and launching apparel in the U.S.; building on theTimberland momentum® apparel in the U.S.; on the momentum of the Timberland ®building Earthkeepers ® collection of the Timberland ®conscious Earthkeepers ® collection environmentally products in both of environmentally conscious products in both footwear and apparel; continuing to grow the footwear and apparel; continuing the core Timberland ® and Smartwoolto ® grow businesses core Timberland ® and ® businesses globally, leveraging ourSmartwool well-established globally, leveraging our international platforms inwell-established Europe and China; and international platforms in Europe and China; and driving growth and enhanced profitability across driving growth and enhanced profitability across Timberland's direct-to-consumer touchpoints, Timberland's direct-to-consumer touchpoints, including retail stores and e-commerce. including retail stores and e-commerce. Timberland is a recognized leader in sustainability Timberland is a recognized leader inTimberland's sustainability --and our brands will benefit from --and our brands will benefit from Timberland's long experience and track record of environmental long experience and two track recordoutdoor of environmental responsibility. Our largest brands, responsibility. OurThe two largest outdoor Timberland ® and North Face ®, are brands, both Timberland and The North Face ®, are both passionately® committed to embedding sustainpassionately to embedding sustainability acrosscommitted their products and operations. As ability across their products and operations. As authentic outdoor brands, they understand the authentic outdoor brands, they understand importance of getting consumers outside tothe importance of getting consumers outside to enjoy and appreciate the environment--and enjoy and and appreciate the to protect conserve it environment--and for future generations. to protect and conserve it for future generations.

 his was a year of records: record  revenues, his was a year record of earnings records: record and  record cash revenues, record flow earnings from operations. and  The acquisition record cash flowof from The operations. Timberland  Company The acquisition for $2.3 of The billion Timberland also  marked a record Company for $2.3 for billion us, asalso the largest acquisition  marked in our a record company's for us, history. as theThe addition largest acquisition of two strong, in our authentic company's outdoor history. brands The --Timberland addition of two ® strong, and Smartwool authentic ®--demonstrates outdoor brands our -- Timberland commitment ® and to building Smartwool the ®--demonstrates most powerful portfolio our commitment of outdoor to building brands in the the most world. powerful portfolio of outdoor brands in the world. VF's total revenues in 2011 reached $9.5 billion, up 23% VF's total from revenues the prior in 2011 year. reached The Timberland $9.5 billion, acquisition up 23% from added the prior more year. than The $700 Timberland million to revenues.added acquisition On an more organic than basis, $700excluding million to revenues. revenues On an organic Timberland, grew bybasis, more excluding than $1 billion, or 14%, with solid Timberland, revenues growth grew across by more ourthan Outdoor $1 billion, & Action or 14%, Sports, with solid Jeanswear, growth across Imagewear, our Outdoor Sportswear & and Contemporary Action Sports, Jeanswear, Brands Imagewear, coalitions.Sportswear and Contemporary Brands coalitions. Earnings per share rose to $7.98, an increase of 24% over earnings Earnings per shareper rose share to $7.98, of $6.46 an increase (excluding of a noncash 24% over earnings impairment per share charge) of $6.46 in 2010. (excluding For the a noncash impairment in from 2010.operations For the second consecutive year,charge) cash flow exceeded $1 billion. Our remains a priority second consecutive year,dividend cash flow from operations for our use exceeded $1 of billion. cash Our flow,dividend and 2011 remains marked a the priority 39th for our use of cash flow, and dividend 2011 marked the 39th consecutive year of higher payments to shareholders. consecutive year of higher dividend payments to shareholders. We are very pleased that our shareholders have been We are rewarded very pleased for our that success. our shareholders In 2011, VF's have stock rewarded been price increased for our 47%--hitting success. In 2011, record VF's highs --versus stock price flat increased performance 47%--hitting for the S&P record 500 highs Index. --versus flat performance for the S&P 500 Index.

In Outdoor & Action Sports, the momentum continued in 2011, with revenues rising by 42%. Our results benefitted tremendously from the Timberland acquisition, but we were just as excited about the 20% organic growth in revenues achieved during the year. The North Face ® and Vans ® brands had record years, with revenues for each growing by more than 20%. And for the first time in the brand's history, Vans ® revenues surpassed the $1 billion mark. We also saw double-digit growth in our Kipling ®, Napapijri ®, lucy ®, Reef ® and Eastpak ® brands. Jeanswear revenues rose 8% in 2011, with growth both domestically and internationally. In the U.S., success in both our Lee ® and Wrangler ® brands was driven by new product innovations, such as the Lee Classic Fit and Premium Select lines. The Lee ® and Wrangler ® businesses in the U.S. each continued to gain market share in their respective channels of distribution, and today are as well-positioned for future growth as they have ever been. Internationally, Jeanswear growth was fueled by rapid expansion in Asia and strong growth in South America, Mexico and Canada. Higher product costs affected Jeanswear's profitability in 2011, but are beginning to subside, pointing to a year of both top and bottom line growth in 2012. Revenues in our Imagewear business also exceeded $1 billion for the first time in 2011, with strength in both the Image and Licensed Sports Group businesses. Our protective apparel business, powered by the Bulwark ® brand, drove our Image business up nearly 20% in revenues for the year. Our Licensed Sports Group business benefitted from strong growth in both Major League Baseball and National Football League fanwear and a growing women's business. Growth in our Nautica ® and Kipling ® (U.S.) businesses drove 9% growth in Sportswear revenues in 2011. The Nautica ® brand enjoyed gains in its sportswear, licensed and outlet

eric c. wiseman  -- Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

Other Dollars in Millions $4,562 Contemporary Brands Sportswear Imagewear $3,205 $2,806 $2,522 $2,538 $2,732 Jeanswear 29% 11% 5% 6%

1%

 48%

Outdoor & Action Sports

Revenues Profits

$493

$637

$828 $371 $432 $413

$865

$909

$1,025 $498 $498 $52 10 Sportswear $544 $56 11 $418 $51 09 $439 $14 10 $485 $36 11

$87 09 10 11 09 10 Jeanswear 11 09

$111 10

$146 11

$52 09

Outdoor & Action Sports

Imagewear

Contemporary Brands

04 | vf 2011

vf 2011 |

05

