 VF Corporation 2005 Annual Report
    What drove results in 2005?
04
05
To Our Shareholders
How will your mix of business shift in the coming years?
Our flagship Wrangler Hero® brand continues to fuel our mass market jeanswear business in the U.S.
VF achieved record revenues and earnings for the third consecutive year.
Surf’s up! In April 2005, we acquired the Reef® brand, an authentic surf lifestyle brand, which has an exceptionally loyal customer base.
030405
The transformation of VF is well underway, as evidenced by our strong performance in 2005. Clearly, we have put in place a platform for solid, sustainable growth in both revenues and profits.
We achieved record revenues and earnings for the third year in a row. Total revenues rose 6% to $6,502 million, while earnings per share increased 5% to $4.44. Earnings in 2005 were reduced by $.25 per share due to a required change in accounting to recognize stock option expense, including a cumulative effect adjustment taken in the first quarter. Earnings per share before the accounting change were $4.69, an increase of 11% over the comparable 2004 number. We paid out 24% of our earnings in dividends and increased the dividends paid to shareholders for the thirty-third consecutive year. Cash flow from operations was $561 million in 2005, and we ended the year with our balance sheet in excellent shape, with nearly $300 million in cash and a debt to total capital ratio of 22.6%.
Our Outdoor, Sportswear and Imagewear coalitions each achieved higher revenues in 2005. Performance in our Outdoor coalition was especially strong, with revenues up 44% versus last year, helped by a full year of sales from our 2004 acquisitions—the Vans®, Kipling® and Napapijri® brands—and the April 2005 acquisition of the Reef® brand. Revenues in our Sportswear and Imagewear coalitions both rose 5% in 2005, while revenues in our Jeanswear coalition were about even with prior year levels. We were pleased with the performance in our Mass, Specialty and International jeanswear businesses, but we con- tinued to face challenges with our Lee® brand in the U.S. Our Intimates coalition had a difficult year, with a 6% decline in revenues due in part to the absence of a large private label program, which had boosted results the prior year.
 What were the financial highlights of 2005?
How are your newer brands— Vans®, Kipling®, Napapijri®
and Reef®—doing?
What are your top line growth targets and how will you achieve them?
What kinds of acquisitions are you looking for?
We’re pleased with their performance and excited about their opportu- nities for continued strong growth. Most of these brands are surpassing our expectations in both revenues and profits. The integrations are largely completed and we’re working on new growth platforms for all the brands. We had some supply chain issues in our Napapijri® brand, which impacted its profitability in 2005, but we’re now getting back on track.
We target 6% to 8% revenue growth. Organic growth will likely account for about half of that, with the rest coming from acquisitions. We expect our Outdoor and Sportswear coalitions to generate high single-digit to low double-digit revenue growth, with flat to low single- digit growth anticipated from our Jeanswear, Intimates and Imagewear coalitions.
We’re interested in brands with global growth potential. We’re looking most actively for brands to add to our Sportswear and Outdoor coal- itions but will consider new brands for our other coalitions as well. We want brands that connect strongly with consumers, such as lifestyle brands that extend across multiple product categories and which either already have or have the potential for freestanding retail stores. We’re looking to gain access to new consumer segments and add capabilities in new product categories and geographic markets. Acquisitions must also meet our financial criteria. They should be able to sustain revenue growth at a high single-digit rate for several years, deliver a return on capital of 17% and achieve an operating margin of 14%.
We expect a substantial change in our business mix. Currently, only about 30% of our revenues come from our lifestyle coalitions— Outdoor and Sportswear—but as these businesses continue to grow over the next several years, we expect them to account for about 60%

              1
 VF Corporation 2005 Annual Report
     The North Face® brand will continue to add owned retail stores in 2006.
Revenues in 2006 are expected to rise 4% to 5%.
$
The Nautica® brand’s new positioning under the Navigate LifeTM campaign is strong, highly visible and connecting very
well with consumers.
 Acquisitions are a priority, as we believe our ability to identify, success- fully integrate and grow new brands and businesses will continue to contribute positively to shareholder value. At the same time we believe it is important to consistently return cash to shareholders and are com- mitted to doing so through the right combination of dividends and share repurchases.
We’re making steady progress, but much of the savings will come in the next three to five years due to the size and complexity of the programs we’re working on. Active programs are in place to reduce costs in such areas as distribution, inventory management, procurement, informa- tion systems and technology.
We’re looking forward to another record year. We expect to increase revenues by 4% to 5%, excluding any additional acquisitions. Most of that growth will come from our Outdoor and Sportswear businesses. We also anticipate earnings per share growth of approximately 6%. And we’ll continue to search for new brands to add to our portfolio. We will manage our portfolio of businesses actively, to ensure all contribute positively to shareholder value. We will take our brand and marketing skills to new levels, as we add new tools and processes to maximize our brands’ potential. And we will reach consumers more directly by aggressively adding retail stores for our strongest lifestyle brands.
 How is the Nautica® brand turnaround progressing?
What opportunities are
you pursuing internationally?
What role do owned retail stores play in your strategy?
of our revenues. At the same time, our heritage businesses— Jeanswear, Intimates and Imagewear—will continue to be important contributors to VF, generating solid cash flow and profits.
The Nautica® brand team has done a tremendous job. The new brand positioning under the Navigate LifeTM campaign is strong, highly visible and connecting very well with consumers. Sales are growing and profitability is up substantially. Now we’re focusing on two launches— women’s sportswear and Europe—each of which offers the potential for substantial growth in the years ahead.
We have many opportunities for international growth. In addition to the expansion of our Nautica® brand, examples include growth for our Wrangler ® and Lee® brands in Russia, Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia, and continued development of our Vans®, Kipling® and Napapijri® brands throughout Europe and Asia. India is a large and fast-growing market where we’re exploring a variety of options for reaching consumers with our brands. We’re also interested in acquiring international brands with the potential for growth in the U.S.
Retail stores are an important component of growth for most of our lifestyle brands. They allow us to better communicate our brands’ positioning and full range of products directly to consumers. We expect sales from our branded retail stores to increase significantly in the coming years. Currently we have 525 stores accounting for 12% of our total revenues. Of those, 60% are full-price stores and the rest are outlet stores. In five years or so, we could have more than 900 stores accounting for 15% to 20% of total revenues, excluding any additional acquisitions. Our Nautica®, Vans®, Kipling®, Napapijri®, The North Face®, Lee®, Wrangler ® and John Varvatos® brands all have the opportunity to expand their base of retail stores.
What are your
cash flow priorities?
Where do you stand on achieving your goal of
$100 million in cost savings?
What’s the outlook for 2006— and beyond?
 06
07
Mackey J. McDonald
Chairman, President and CEO VF Corporation
