  A LeTTer TO Our stockHolders
2011 was an excellent year for Valero, as we achieved our best annual earnings performance
since 2008 due to improved operations and better industry margins. We reported an operating profit of $3.68 billion and net income of
billion, a debt-to-capitalization ratio of just 29 percent and an investment-grade bond rating. We paid off approximately $780 million of debt last year.
excellent results. Our Houston, Three Rivers and Wilmington refineries, and our Corpus Christi Asphalt Terminal, were re-approved as Star Sites in
the Voluntary Protection Programs of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration
and the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health. Valero has nine
U.S. refineries that have achieved a prestigious VPP Star – representing about one-third of all refinery Star
Sites nationally. Also, our Houston refinery received the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) Distinguished Safety Award for 2011, the second time a Valero refinery has won this industry honor.
In process safety we made substantial progress through intense assessments of our mechanical integrity, electrical and rotating
 $2.1 billion, or $3.69 per share.
We achieved our best annual earnings performance since 2008 due to improved operations and better industry margins.
As always, personal safety continues to be our top priority. In 2011,
our refining system’s average total employee recordable-incident rate (TRIR) of 0.62 incidents per 200,000 working hours was second-lowest
in our history. Our contractor TRIR was also 0.62. Valero has reduced injury rates by 46 percent since 2004, and though our goal is zero for both employees and contractors, these are
We shared that strong
financial success with you.
Through stock buybacks in
2011, we reduced our share
count by 2 percent, and
we tripled the annual dividend rate to 60 cents per share, returning our dividend to the pre-“Great Recession” level. Our goal is to return more cash to shareholders and have one of the highest cash yields among our peers.
 Your company finished 2011 financially strong, having a cash balance of approximately $1.0 billion, additional liquidity of $4.5
 6|VALLEERROOENENEREGRYGCYOCROPORPROATRIOANTION

 equipment networks. We have nearly completed our retro positive material identification effort as well.
We also believe that a reliable refinery is a safer refinery. Valero’s refineries reached first-quartile mechanical availability (reliability) performance, a huge improvement. All of our safety results reflect our company’s and
our employees’ constant focus.
We continue to significantly reduce emissions at our refineries, achieving a 59 percent reduction in reportable emissions since 2006. Improvements such as new-generation flue-gas scrubbers dramatically reduce sulfur dioxide emissions, and flare-gas recovery systems
capture gases and liquids
for further processing.
In 2011, Valero achieved
the best energy efficiency
in its history. Improved
efficiency reduces our emissions to air as well as our carbon footprint.
significantly to earnings and cash flow in 2012 and beyond are progressing rapidly. The most significant are the large hydrocracker projects at our Port Arthur and St. Charles refineries. These new hydrocrackers are designed to maximize diesel production. In
the hydrocracking process, volume expansion allows us to yield up to
1.2 barrels of products from one barrel of feedstock. We expect our system product yield of diesel and jet fuel to increase from 32-33 percent to
39-40 percent, one of the highest distillate yields in the U.S. refining industry. We expect distillates will offer us a higher gross margin than gasoline.
We also completed FCC revamp projects that will increase the reliability of both the Memphis and St. Charles refineries. A huge Port Arthur coke drum replacement and turnaround was completed in 2011, and a similar project to replace the coke drums
at our St. Charles refinery is under
way. These projects will significantly improve mechanical availability.
The Saint Laurent Pipeline connecting our Jean Gaulin Refinery in Quebec with a terminal in Montreal, when completed in 2012, will allow
Valero to place more products into Montreal and Ontario at a lower cost. Interestingly, this project
took more than six years to get regulatory approval. The diligence of our people made it happen.
Acquisitions have played a key part in our history, and that continued in 2011 as we acquired Chevron’s U.K.
and Ireland businesses, which included the Pembroke Refinery in Wales, one of Western Europe’s most complex refineries. This refinery purchase, at roughly 14 percent of replacement value, also included ownership interests in four major pipelines, 11 fuel terminals, a 14,000-barrel-per-day aviation fuels business and a wholesale marketing network of approximately 1,000 Texaco-branded wholesale sites.
Also in 2011, Valero acquired the Meraux Refinery, plus related businesses, from Murphy Oil USA Inc.
stockHolders
A LeTTer TO Our
 Key growth projects that will add significantly to earnings and cash flow in 2012 and beyond are progressing rapidly.
 We believe our strategic acquisitions and capital projects are laying a foundation for long-term earnings growth. We also know that operational excellence – in everything from reliability to energy efficiency to
cost reduction – makes us more competitive. Our people and their dedicated efforts for our success ultimately set us apart.
Key growth projects that will add
The Port Arthur hydrocracker project is expected to be completed at mid-year, contributing during the second half of 2012. The St. Charles hydrocracker project should be completed by year end.
At our McKee and Memphis refineries, we have commenced operation of new hydrogen plants that have reduced our hydrogen costs. Using 2011 commodity prices, these projects are expected to generate annual pre-tax savings of approximately $175 million.
7 | VALERO ENERGY CORPORATION
2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT | 7

  A LeTTer TO Our
stockHolders (CONTINueD)
The refinery, purchased at about 10 percent of replacement value, is located outside New Orleans on the Mississippi River only 40 miles from our St. Charles refinery and provides many opportunities for synergies between the two plants.
We strive to be ranked in the first quartile of refineries in industry benchmark studies. Seven Valero refineries ranked in the first quartile in key categories, and each of
We are also investing in other forms of alternative energy. In our Diamond Green Diesel joint venture, we are partnering with Darling International to produce renewable diesel from recycled animal fat and used cooking oil. We expect this 10,000-barrel-per- day facility next to our St. Charles refinery to be completed by the end of 2012. We have investments in other emerging biofuels technologies, and operate a 50-megawatt wind farm next to our McKee refinery.
another 500 stores, and include card lock and home heat businesses.
Our wholesale marketing business is now represented by approximately 5,000 stores and branded marketing outlets flying the Valero, Diamond Shamrock, Shamrock, Ultramar, Beacon and Texaco brands.
Our people have continued to make a difference in the communities where we live and work. Valero and
its employees pledged $11.3 million for Valero’s United Way campaign for 2012. Through the Valero Texas Open and Benefit for Children Golf Classic, the company helped raise
a record $9 million for children’s
charities in 2011 – bringing the 10- year total to more than $62.5 million. And Valero employees logged more than 143,000 volunteer hours in 2011 for hundreds of community projects.
The pursuit of excellence is reflected in everything we do: managing our refining portfolio in oversupplied
those sites finished in
the top 10 percent in
at least one category,
including mechanical availability, cash
operating expense, energy efficiency, personnel
efficiency and maintenance cost.
Our ethanol plants continued to post impressive results, with record operating income of $396 million in 2011. In less than three years, the plants have posted cumulative pre-tax cash flow of $863 million, compared with their original purchase price of $760 million.
 8
V
TION
A
L
E
R
O
EN
ER
G
Y
C
O
R
O
PO
RP
R
O
AT
Our people have continued to make a difference in the communities where we live and work.
 R
A
IO
N
Our retail segment reported its most profitable year ever with $381 million in operating income in 2011. The Canadian retail business boosted
our results with record operating income of $168 million, while our U.S. operations had its second-best year on record. Together, these businesses operate approximately 1,300 stores, manage fuel pricing at
 8
|
V
|
A
L
E
R
O
EN
E
R
G
Y
C

 U.S. and Western Europe markets, supplying growing international economies with refined products, and successfully dealing with
the lack of government support, numerous regulations and the impact of high prices on consumers.
administration in early 2012 denied TransCanada Corp’s application
to move forward. We were deeply disappointed and believe the decision to be misguided, as it reflected a small, but vocal, political group. Ultimately, we expect this project to be approved.
to our customers every day. We make products that improve people’s lives, and every day we are focused on doing that in a safe, environmentally sensitive and competitive way. Our facilities and our people are among the best
in the industry – in safety, regulatory compliance, reliability and profitability.
In closing, I want to thank our employees for their commitment
to excellence, our customers for their business, and our suppliers and contractors who make tremendous efforts toward our goal of safe, reliable and constantly improving
operations. Finally, thank you for your investment in our company and your confidence in us. We are looking forward to making our operations even better and strengthening our position as a world-class competitor.
Bill Klesse
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
U.S. federal policies are not supportive of investment
or job creation. There is a crude oil and natural gas exploration and development boom going on in the
We are looking forward to making our operations even better and strengthening our position as a world-class competitor.
stockHolders
A LeTTer TO Our
 United States, but it gets
little if any federal support.
In Texas, where Valero has significant operations, federal regulators have taken over carbon dioxide permitting and invalidated long-standing state permit programs, hurting investment. A massive, time-consuming effort
is required to prepare and obtain permits for projects that could add jobs and boost local economies.
We feel strongly that we need a public policy and regulatory environment that supports growth, energy efficiency and competitiveness. We are part of a viable manufacturing business that offers excellent employment,
pays taxes and supports communities. This is why we support public policy that creates jobs, lowers costs to consumers, reduces reliance on overseas oil, and decreases political risks abroad. The Keystone XL pipeline from Canada to the Gulf Coast would do all of those things, but the U.S.
A number of factors bode well for Valero’s competitiveness. The closures of uncompetitive refineries in the Atlantic Basin are reducing excess capacity and increasing demand
for products from our Gulf Coast refineries. We are exporting into growing markets, such as Latin America and Mexico, from our large, competitive Gulf Coast refineries. The export markets are paying a higher price than the domestic
U.S. market. Without these export markets, more refineries would close. As a U.S. manufacturer of refined products and petrochemicals, we are benefiting from access to relatively inexpensive domestic natural gas.
Valero is an independent refiner, not an oil producer, so crude oil prices are a concern. We buy crude oil and other feedstocks daily in order to supply fuels and petrochemical feedstocks
      9 | VALERO ENERGY CORPORATION
2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT | 9
