 LETTER TO THE SHAREHOLDERS
IT PAYS TO BE DIFFERENT.
AND, OUR DIFFERENCE IS PAYING OFF FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS!
In 1997, when others were getting out of the refining business, Valero decided to grow its refining business in a big way!
That’s because we believed we were at the bottom of the refining cycle and that we would be able to acquire refining assets at deep discounts to replacement costs and that the worldwide movement to cleaner fuels would tighten refined product supplies – making refineries and the products they produce significantly more profitable. We also believed that the best profits of all would belong to refiners that could process plentiful, cheaper, heavier sour crude feedstocks
into premium products.
And we were right on all counts! Since 1997, we have acquired 14 refineries – from Canada to the Caribbean – for a fraction of their replacement value. In fact, we estimate that our refineries have a $43 billion replacement cost, while our refinery book value is less than $9 billion.
Meanwhile, as the chart on this page dramatically depicts, the profit margins on the key products these refineries produce have gotten better and better, and the discounts on the sour crude feedstocks we process at these refineries, have gotten wider and wider.
Two of our most recent acquisitions epitomize the success of our acquisition strategy. We acquired our St. Charles refinery for $400 million in July of 2003 for approximately 20 percent of replacement cost. In 2004 alone, it earned $335 million in operating income.
Then, in March of 2004, we acquired our Aruba refinery for $365 million, which represents about
15 percent of replacement cost. In the 10 months we owned this refinery in 2004, it earned $290 million in operating income. Both refineries process heavy Maya sour crude and we based our original economics to purchase these refineries on a $6 to $7 per barrel discount to West Texas Intermediate, a benchmark sweet crude. In 2004, these discounts averaged over
$11 per barrel and the discount has averaged more than $17 per barrel so far this year. Both refineries are expected to make more operating income in 2005 than we paid for them!
As a result of many successful acquisitions such as these, Valero is now the nation’s largest independent refiner and has a throughput capacity of 2.5 million barrels per day (BPD), which represents about 12 percent of total U.S. refining capacity. And, Valero also has one of the most complex and geographically diverse refining systems in North America today.
The complexity of our refineries is a key difference for Valero – allowing us to benefit from historic discounts on the feedstocks we run at our refineries, while benefiting from historic product margins at the same time!
That is why we’ve enjoyed record earnings, a record stock price, record total shareholder return and why we have been able to outperform our peer group companies as well as the S&P 500 Index.
ROLLING 5-YEAR AVERAGE PRODUCT MARGINS & SOUR CRUDE DISCOUNTS
3
Valero Energy Corporation summary annual report
*2005 PROJECTIONS AS OF MARCH 7, 2005

 COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
Net income was a record $1.8 billion, or $6.53 per share, which is nearly triple the net income of $622 million, or $2.55 per share, that we earned in 2003.
In 2004 alone, Valero’s total shareholder return was an incredible 98 percent. And, because of the outstanding performance of our stock last year, we had the first stock split in Valero’s history!
We also increased our dividend by 38 percent and ended the year with a very strong balance sheet with our debt-to-capitalization ratio down to about 30 percent – despite our many acquisitions and strategic investments these last few years!
2004 was also a year of record recognition for Valero. In addition to naming us The Best Big Company in America, Forbes magazine also listed Valero as one of America’s
Best Managed Companies. And, Fortune Magazine named Valero as one of America’s Most
Admired Companies and ranked Valero third among America’s largest companies in its annual listing of “The 100 Best Companies to Work For.” Fortune Magazine also selected Valero to receive the Employee Pride Award – one of only five special awards given to the top employers on its prestigious ranking. Valero was also named “Oil Company of the Year” in the Platts Global Energy Awards program in 2004, and became only the second company in history to receive the Spirit of America Award – United Way’s highest honor – for a second time.
It is a tremendous tribute to Valero’s unique culture and a strong testament to its success, to have been honored as an industry leader, a top employer, a leader in community service and a leader in shareholder return in 2004. It clearly demonstrates that a company can achieve great success while looking out for all of its stakeholders. And, everyone at Valero takes great pride in being a part of such a sharing and caring culture. We firmly believe it is the cornerstone of
all our past and future success. And, as long as we maintain our special culture, I believe we will continue to have a very bright future.
VALERO COMMON STOCK PEER GROUP
S&P 500
Valero’s shareholders have benefited from total shareholder return of 380 percent over the last five years – compared to the 11 percent loss of the S&P 500 Index over the same time period!
We are truly in the right business with the right strategy and the right assets at the right time.
And just as importantly, Valero also has the right culture. We have always believed our employees
are our No. 1 asset and that if we take care of our employees, they will take care of the company, the shareholders and the communities in which we live and operate.
And they do! At Valero, our employees are the best in the industry. They are talented, hard-working and dedicated to Valero’s success in every way.
So, I guess it’s not surprising that 2004 was a record year for Valero in every respect.
ANOTHER RECORD YEAR
We generated a record $55 billion in revenues, which were up 44 percent over 2003. Based on the current Fortune 500 ranking, our revenues would place Valero among the top 20 largest publicly traded companies in the United States today.
Better yet, Valero ranked No.1 on Forbes magazine’s list of America’s Best Big Companies for our 2004 earnings growth and shareholder return!
4
Valero Energy Corporation summary annual report

 GLOBAL DEMAND GROWTH COMPARED TO CAPACITY GROWTH
MBPD
And, the movement to cleaner fuels continues to support both the sour crude discount and refined product margins. The maximum sulfur content in gasoline drops from 90 parts per million (ppm) to 30 ppm in 2006. And, on-road diesel drops from 500 ppm to 15 ppm. These reductions should further reduce supply and further limit imports – strengthening product margins. And, since many refiners depend upon sweet crude to meet these lower sulfur specifications, they also support wide sour crude discounts going forward.
We will also benefit from a full year of operations at our Aruba refinery, which is expected to add $85 million in incremental operating income in 2005. And, the strategic projects we completed in our refineries are expected to add $175 million in incremental operating income.
So 2005 is shaping up to be yet another record year. As you can clearly see, our difference has paid big dividends for Valero and its shareholders, and all the fundamentals indicate that it should continue to pay off in a big way for the foreseeable future!
That is why I always say, The Best is Yet to Come!
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
P.S. In a year of such tremendous success, we would be remiss if we did not acknowledge the significant role that John Hohnholt, Sr. Vice President of Technology, Planning and Development, played in that success. Although we lost John to heart failure in May of 2004, everyone at Valero will always be grateful to him for
his vision, hard work, dedication, caring nature and technical brilliance, which helped shape Valero’s winning strategy as well as our caring culture. John truly epitomized the Valero caring and sharing spirit and “can do” attitude. We are thankful for his countless contributions to Valero and to the community –
all of which helped make Valero the great company that it is today.
Source: Purvin & Gertz
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
And, our future is bright! All of the fundamentals are in place to make 2005 an even better year than 2004.
Worldwide demand for refined products – fueled by a strong global economy – continues to outpace refining capacity increases and supports strong product margins going forward.
And, as oil demand continues to grow, the demand increase is being met by medium and heavier sour crude oil. Since there is limited refining capacity capable of upgrading these types of crudes, they become increasingly more surplus, which helps keep the discounts on the sour feedstocks that make up approximately 60 percent of Valero’s feedstock slate at historic levels. In fact, we started out 2005 with discounts that are twice as wide as those we enjoyed during the same time period in 2004.
And, there is nothing on the horizon today to change these bullish fundamentals.
In 2005, most experts are projecting that the crude oil demand increase will be second only to 2004, which was the largest demand increase in recent history. Obviously, this means sour crude discounts are expected to remain wide.
5
Valero Energy Corporation summary annual report
