 A Letter to Our Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders,
ready access to export markets, which enables us to operate at higher utilization rates.
In addition to solid financial performance, the Valero team had many accomplishments that I am pleased to share with you.
Operations
y Our safety results were excellent, as we recorded our lowest-ever employee injury rate, and our combined rate for employees and contractors also was an all-time low, and less than half the industry average.
y We continued to lead with the most refineries approved as VPP “Star Sites,” the highest safety designation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and affiliated state agencies. We voluntarily submit to rigorous safety audits under the program, which has approved eight of Valero’s U.S. refineries as Star Sites, as well as two asphalt terminals.
y We continued to achieve top-tier refinery operating performance, which enabled our high refinery utilization rate of 96 percent in 2014. We also continued to reduce our rate of disruptive process safety events.
y We continued to reduce total air emissions resulting from startup, shutdown and malfunction events. We earned awards in 2014 for our process of recovering usable oil from waste materials and reprocessing it into high-value fuel.
y Our Valero Renewables ethanol plants maintained the highest production capacity in the industry of their type, allowing us to add equivalent capacity of 1.6 plants with essentially no capital increase. Also, our Diamond Green Diesel joint venture bio- refinery is running well above its nameplate capacity.
On behalf of our Valero team, thank you for
the support and trust you have provided to
us. You will recall that in 2014, we completed
a leadership transition that was well-planned and smoothly executed by our Board of Directors. As our results demonstrated, our team continued to perform very well through the transition.
Our strategy continues to target excellence
in operations as a top priority. Our team understands that reliability drives safe and profitable operations. Our priorities also include returning cash to shareholders, maintaining discipline in our capital investments and unlocking implicit values in our portfolio of assets.
Our strategy continues to target excellence in operations as a top priority. Our team understands that reliability drives safe and profitable operations.
We are proud of our solid financial results for 2014, with reported operating income of more than $5.9 billion and net income of $3.6 billion, or $6.85 per share – our best performance
since 2007. Our refineries and ethanol plants ran extremely well, which enabled us to capture higher refining margins and post strong earnings for 2014. We also continued to optimize our supply, distribution and marketing activities.
The increase in production of North American crude oil and natural gas continues to provide a competitive advantage for our refineries located in the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Mid-Continent and Canada. Additionally, our Gulf Coast plants have
   4 Valero Energy Corporation

  5

 A new crude unit is under construction at Corpus Christi.
    96%
refinery utilization rate
$1.9
$2.2
billion
billion
returned to shareholders
Renewables earnings since 2009
 6

Capital Allocation
y We returned $1.9 billion in cash to you through dividends and stock purchases. That’s an increase of one-third compared with 2013. Early in 2015, we further raised our regular quarterly dividend by 45 percent, to 40 cents per share, or $1.60 annualized. This increase demonstrates our belief in Valero’s earnings power and confirmation
of our desire to share our earned cash with shareholders.
y We are dedicated to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and continue to govern our uses of cash accordingly. Valero finished 2014 with cash and temporary cash investments of $3.7 billion, additional liquidity of $6.1 billion and a net debt-to-capitalization ratio of 17.4 percent.
Disciplined Capital Investments
y We expect our new crude units at the Houston and Corpus Christi refineries to optimize our crude and feedstock slates by increasing our capability to process price- advantaged light, sweet crude oils.
y Our new hydrocrackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles have performed better than expected to increase production of distillates.
y We’re investing in logistics assets to increase our feedstock flexibility and our capability to export products.
y Our ethanol plants achieved record operating income of $786 million for the year. Since 2009, they have produced more than $2.2 billion of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
The rigor and discipline that our team applied to project review and spending enabled us
to complete our 2014 capital program under budget at approximately $2.8 billion.
Unlocking Implicit Asset Value
Valero Energy Partners LP (“VLP”), our sponsored master limited partnership, remains our primary strategy to grow Valero’s logistics business and unlock asset value.
y In 2014, we executed our first acquisition (“drop-down”) of Valero pipeline and terminal assets into the partnership since the initial public offering in late 2013.
We are dedicated to maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and continue to govern our uses of cash accordingly.
y In March of 2015, we completed our second drop-down to VLP of the Houston and St. Charles Terminal Services Business for $671 million.
y We are targeting approximately $1 billion of drops into VLP in 2015. Several new projects are also under evaluation for drops into VLP.
Service to Others
We are pleased that others recognize that Valero is an admirable company and a great place
to work, and that our team is committed to supporting our communities.
y In 2014, Valero, its employees and charitable organization – the Valero Energy Foundation – generated more than $38 million for
worthy charities or causes, through direct donations or fundraising. Our employees also volunteered more than 136,000 hours in 2014 for hundreds of community projects.
   2014 Summary Annual Report 7

y Thanks to the overwhelming support of
our business partners and our mutual commitment to support children’s charities, we raised a record $10.4 million through
our Valero Texas Open and Benefit for Children events in early 2015. With this year’s
We are pleased that others recognize that Valero is an admirable company and a great place to work, and that our team is committed to supporting our communities.
outstanding result, we have now raised
more than $100 million since becoming title sponsor in 2002. We are proud to be one of four PGA TOUR tournaments to achieve this level of giving – and as title sponsor, we did it the fastest.
Our dedication to improving the quality of life in communities where we do business has been recognized with several awards.
y For the second consecutive year, Valero made the list of America’s 50 most community-minded major companies – The Civic 50. The list is an annual initiative
of Points of Light, the world’s largest organization dedicated to volunteer service, in partnership with Bloomberg News.
y Valero is included on Fortune magazine’s list of the “World’s Most Admired Companies”
– the “definitive report card on corporate reputations.”
y Valero also made Forbes magazine’s “America’s Most Reputable Companies” list.
y Valero was named to Forbes’ first-ever list of the “500 Best Employers,” based on surveys of 20,000 employees of various companies.
We are very proud of our team’s accomplishments in 2014. We thank you for your continued support and trust.
Joe Gorder
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    8 Valero Energy Corporation
