Don James
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To our shareholders and friends:
VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
1
  Two thousand eleven was an important year for Vulcan. While the economy continued its slow but steady recovery, your Board of Directors and management team took decisive actions to position Vulcan for better performance in any economic environment and to deliver stronger growth and profitability in the future.
Despite the economic downturn, cash gross profit per ton in our aggregates business today exceeds that at the peak of the last cycle. Our strong operating leverage should enable us to generate significant earnings growth as the economy improves. In addition, our assets are well-positioned in many of the nation’s highest-growth markets. Our employ- ees continue to build on their reputation as the best in the industry. As one example of many, our health and safety statistics for 2011 were the best ever recorded in Vulcan’s history and our environmental performance resulted in the lowest number of environmental citations since 1999, when we were a much smaller company.
We also are beginning to reap the benefits of criti- cal investments we have made over the past few years to improve operating efficiency, including replacing legacy IT systems and processes with new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and shared services platforms. These state-of-the-art platforms are helping to streamline pro- cesses enterprise-wide. They are allowing us to standardize and consolidate administrative and support functions, while providing enhanced flexibility to monitor and con- trol costs. They also have enabled Vulcan to undertake the restructuring actions and Profit Enhancement Plan that I will discuss later in this letter.
Overview of Results
Our financial results for 2011 are provided in the attached Form 10-K.
While facing significantly reduced demand due to the recession in construction activity, our aggregates business
continues to maintain its high level of unit profitability. Cash earnings per ton are 24 percent higher than at the peak of demand in 2005. Our downstream asphalt and ready-mixed concrete businesses, on the other hand, have been significantly affected during the economic down- turn, particularly in California and Florida.
Despite highly challenging market conditions throughout the year, significant improvements in our fourth quarter 2011 results show the benefits of the actions we have been taking, and along with other key indicators from the year, provide fresh indications of improving performance in an improving economy. For example:
• Fourth quarter EBITDA, excluding a restructuring charge and expenses related to an unsolicited exchange offer we received in December, increased 50 percent from the fourth quarter of 2010 due primarily to higher aggregates earnings and a 10 percent reduction in Selling, Administrative and General (SAG) expenses.
• Gross profit in the fourth quarter increased $24 million (47 percent) and gross profit margins improved 360 basis points due primarily to higher aggregates earnings.
• Allkeylaborandenergyefficiencymetricsforouraggre- gates segment improved for the fourth quarter and the full year from the prior year, and helped offset increases in the unit cost of diesel fuel (a 25 percent increase for the quarter and 35 percent increase for the full year), demon- strating Vulcan’s cost management leadership.
• Full year SAG expenses were $38 million lower (11 per- cent) than in the prior year.

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2
• In 2011 we strengthened our balance sheet by success- fully completing debt refinancings that lengthen our debt maturity profile, assure liquidity and provide financial flexibility to continue investing in our business as the econ- omy recovers. We also put in place a new five-year revolving credit facility.
• Full year EBITDA was $425 million. Reconciliations to GAAP measures can be found on page 32 of our Form 10-K.
• Full year results include $86 million related to pre- tax gains from the sale of non-strategic assets and from insurance recoveries, $13 million in pre-tax charges for restructuring, and $2 million in pre-tax charges relating to the unsolicited exchange offer. In addition, the Company incurred one-time pre-tax charges of $26 million in con- nection with the debt tender offer and debt retirement completed earlier this year.
We are on the right path and are poised for better results in 2012.
Restructuring Plan
One of the significant actions we announced last year was a major restructuring to consolidate our eight divisions into four operating regions. The restructuring plan, developed during the year and approved by our Board on December 9, included streamlining our support functions and reduc- ing related positions and overhead costs. Importantly, our new ERP and shared services platforms enabled us to implement the restructuring initiative efficiently and quickly.
This restructuring plan has now been substantially com- pleted, and along with other actions completed earlier in 2011, has resulted in annualized overhead cost savings of more than $55 million. Vulcan’s new organizational structure fits well with our decentralized management approach, and reinforces our long-standing practice of maintaining close, local relationships with our customers, a top priority at Vulcan.
Profit Enhancement Plan
As part of our ongoing efforts to accelerate earnings growth and enhance our credit profile, in February 2012 we announced a major Profit Enhancement Plan that our senior management team had developed during 2011.
This announcement encompasses numerous initiatives that were timed to follow the restructuring plan and the implementation of key components of our ERP platform.
This plan includes cost reductions and other profit enhancements to improve our run-rate profitability as measured by EBITDA, at current volumes, by at least $100 million annually. We expect to achieve the full run rate by the second half of 2013. We are confident this plan will drive improved profitability by leveraging our already robust procurement practices to capture signifi- cant incremental savings in production, technology and other capital spending, transportation and logistics. We also will capture gains by improving the efficiency of sup- port functions; standardizing and simplifying workflows; fully leveraging our shared services structure; and retiring legacy IT systems.
Planned Asset Sales
In addition to the Profit Enhancement Plan, we announced our intention to sell assets that are not core to our strategy as the leading aggregates producer in many of the fastest growing regions and urban markets of the United States. We expect that these sales, taking place over the next 12–18 months, will deliver approximately $500 million in net pro- ceeds, which will be used to reduce overall debt levels.
In October 2011, we reduced our dividend as a result of the effects of the recession over the past three years on construction and our end markets. We believe the Profit Enhancement Plan and Planned Asset Sales will enable us to generate higher levels of earnings and cash flows, strengthening our credit profile and giving our Board the flexibility to restore a competitive dividend, which is an important goal for our Company.
Balance Sheet Restructuring and Credit Facility
In May 2011, Vulcan completed a $1.1 billion bond offer- ing that was well received by the market. The $3.2 billion of orders for the bonds indicates the capital markets’ under- standing of the fundamental strengths of our industry and our Company. This bond offering was undertaken to enhance our financial and operating flexibility by refi- nancing $725 million of term loan and bond maturities between 2012 and 2015, and repaying $275 million of out- standing revolving credit facility borrowings.

 Los Angeles San Diego
Riverside/San Bernardino Phoenix
Atlanta
Tampa
Charlotte
Orlando
Miami
Vulcan-served market
VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Vulcan serves 18 of the 25 highest growth metropolitan areas in the United States.
Seattle Portland
Sacramento
San Francisco/Oakland Las Vegas
Minneapolis
Denver
Shown are the highest growth 25 MSAs based on projected population growth from 2010 to 2020. “Served” is defined as having an aggregates-related facility inside of the MSA boundary.
Additionally, we entered into a new $600 million, five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of nine banks. This facility provides ample borrowing capacity to meet our seasonal working capital needs and potential capi- tal investments. At year end, we had no cash borrowings under the facility and $64 million of usage to back letters of credit.
By significantly reducing our debt maturities over the next several years, our liquidity has been markedly enhanced, providing the financial flexibility to continue investing in our business as the economy, and our volumes, recover. Our cash balance as of December 31, 2011 was sufficient to fund all 2012 debt maturities.
Positioned for the Future
Dallas/Ft. Worth Austin
San Antonio
Houston
Chicago
Nashville
New York Baltimore
Washington D.C.
The steps we are taking reinforce Vulcan’s strong market position and, complemented by our operational expertise and ability to generate attractive aggregates unit profitabil- ity, enable us to deliver value to shareholders.
Our coast-to-coast footprint of operations and our read- ily available, proven and probable reserves align with the nation’s growth centers.
3

4
130
125
120
115
110
105
100
VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Comparison of PPI Aggregates with VMC Aggregate Pricing Index 2006 = 100
Vulcan
PPI AGGR
    2006 2007
2008 2009
2010 2011
 Additionally, we have a track record of outpacing the indus- try in aggregates pricing growth, particularly through industry cycles, as exemplified by our continued pricing growth during the current economic downturn.
While we think it is prudent to take a conservative view of the market given the continued challenging economic environment, we have seen some modest signs of contin- ued economic recovery.
Following a period that is unprecedented both in terms of the length and depth of the decline in construction activity, there are some indications of improvement in certain categories of private construction. Multi-family housing starts increased sharply throughout 2011. Trailing 12-month contract awards for private nonresidential construction have been up across the U.S. for four con- secutive quarters.
The growth in contract awards in the manufacturing sec- tor has remained strong since late 2010, and awards for new projects in the categories of retail and office buildings have increased modestly for the third consecutive quarter. While the recent growth in contract awards is encourag- ing, we believe employment growth, as well as an increase in business investment and lending activity, is necessary to sustain a recovery in nonresidential construction activity.
We have also seen encouraging signs with respect to public funding for highways, roads and bridges. There is a rising
level of support in Washington for meaningful legislation to address the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, with a number of specific actions during the last year that have increased our confidence that federal funds for highways will remain stable.
• In mid-February 2012, President Obama released a new Budget Proposal that called for a six-year, FY 2013–2018 transportation infrastructure investment of $476 bil- lion, with $305 billion dedicated to the federal highway program. Whatever the fate of the President’s budget, it is essential to have Executive Branch support in order to secure needed transportation funding levels and ulti- mately to pass a multi-year highway bill.
• In addition, even with numerous proposed and enacted budget cuts, Congress passed its 2012 appropriations bill for highway funding that is essentially in line with 2011 lev- els, more than $41 billion annually.
• Finally, with respect to the reauthorization of the multi- year surface transportation bill, both Senate and House leaders have stated their intention to move a highway bill in 2012, and began floor debate on bills in the House and Senate in mid-February, with the Senate setting the pace with passage of a bipartisan bill on March 14, 2012, by a vote of 74 to 22.
In sum, Congress has demonstrated more progress over the last year towards ultimate passage of a new surface

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
transportation bill than at any time since the expiration of the last multi-year bill in September 2009.
In the meantime, the U.S. population continues to grow in our markets, which drives demand for our essential products. As demand rises, we are fully prepared to meet that demand. Our workforce is well trained and highly motivated. Our high-quality reserves are close to end-use projects in dynamic growth markets, and our distribu- tion systems are second to none. Aggregates remain the most essential of basic inputs to private and public con- struction, infrastructure and growth. Vulcan remains the leading supplier of those aggregates in the United States, with unmatched, easily accessed, permitted reserves, serv- ing more of the nation’s high growth areas than any other company in the U.S.
Even with the many adverse impacts of the nation’s lon- gest recession since the Great Depression, Vulcan remains a company of enduring, fundamental strengths. These strengths, combined with our completed restructuring initiative, our Profit Enhancement Plan and Planned Asset Sales, position Vulcan well for significant long-term growth and increasing profitability.
Management Update
Among our key initiatives in 2011, we added talent to drive improvement and execute the actions that we are undertaking. Effective February 1, 2011, the Board elected Danny Shepherd, formerly Senior Vice President — East, to the position of Executive Vice President — Construction Materials, and Dan Sansone to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Danny is responsible for all of the Company’s operating regions and the Corporate Construction Materials functions that support region operations. In addition to continuing as Vulcan’s Chief Financial Officer, Dan has also provided strong leadership during the creation and successful implementation of our ERP project.
As previously mentioned, the Board also approved in 2011 a major restructuring plan, so that Vulcan now operates with four regions: East, South, Central and West. The East Region, composed of the Company’s former Southeast and Mideast Divisions, is led by Michael Mills, Senior Vice President, East. Michael was formerly President of Vulcan’s Southeast Division. The South Region is made up of the Company’s former Florida Rock and Southwest Divisions, and includes Vulcan’s quarry and harbor on Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula and related shipping assets. Tom Hill
5
leads this Region as Senior Vice President, South. Tom was formerly President of the Company’s Florida Rock Division. The Central Region is composed of the Company’s former Midwest, Midsouth and Southern-Gulf Coast Divisions, excluding Vulcan’s Mexico facilities and related assets. It is led by Stan Bass, Senior Vice President, Central. Stan was previously President of the Midsouth and Southwest Divisions. The West Region, formerly Vulcan’s Western Division, is led by Alan Wessel, Senior Vice President, West. Alan was previously President of the Western Division. Michael, Tom, Stan and Alan report to Danny Shepherd.
In November 2011, John McPherson joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development. John has over 15 years of experience with realigning and restructuring corporate organizations and cost structures to improve business performance and build value. Prior to joining Vulcan, John was at McKinsey & Company, most recently serving as Senior Partner and Managing Partner for the Dallas office. Together, Danny, John, and Dan, along with the Senior Vice Presidents in our four Regions, are leading the implementation of our Profit Enhancement Plan.
Martin Marietta Materials’ Unsolicited Exchange Offer
I have a few comments on Martin Marietta’s unsolicited exchange offer. After an extensive and careful review, in December 2011 our Board of Directors unanimously rejected Martin Marietta’s hostile offer to acquire Vulcan, as being inadequate in value to Vulcan’s shareholders. We believe Martin Marietta’s opportunistic and hostile offer is an acknowledgement of the strength of our competi- tive positions and our potential for future growth. There were a number of compelling reasons why the Board rejected the unsolicited offer, but they can be boiled down to one thing: It was not and is not in the best interests of Vulcan and our shareholders. We also believe that Martin Marietta’s exchange offer and proxy solicitation violate two binding contracts that Martin Marietta entered into with Vulcan and also violate federal securities laws. We are seek- ing to enforce our rights under the law.
Vulcan has participated in the downturn, given the cyclical nature of our industry, but is now positioned for signifi- cant growth as the economy rebounds. We do not think it is in the best interests of our shareholders to forego or dilute this upside. The opportunity for our Company has only improved since December, in light of the unilateral actions Vulcan was planning throughout 2011 and before,

VULCAN MATERIALS COMPANY LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
6
the actions that we have taken, and that we will con- tinue taking to achieve savings and improve profitability. Accordingly, we continue to recommend that shareholders not tender any shares to Martin Marietta.
We cannot control Martin Marietta’s actions, but we can and will continue to control our own destiny by maintain- ing our focus on providing the best possible products and services to our customers, and continuing as an outstand- ing business leader in the communities where we operate throughout the United States. Our employees lead the way. They are the backbone of our Company and their per- formance commands the greatest respect and gratitude. Through all of the challenges of the last several years, Vulcan employees have maintained their focus, and their efforts have positioned our Company for superior perfor- mance and results.
We are optimistic about the future and believe that our track record of strong cash operating profitability, our geo- graphically desirable reserve base in high growth markets, our ability to lead pricing at all points in the economic cycle, and the significant actions we have taken to enhance profitability and accelerate earnings growth will enable us to deliver solid returns to our shareholders.
I look forward to continuing to update you on the business and thank you for your support.
Don James
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
This document does not constitute an offer to buy or solicitation of an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of any vote, consent or approval. In response to the unso- licited exchange offer commenced by Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (“Martin Marietta”), Vulcan Materials Company (“Vulcan”) has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF VULCAN ARE URGED TO READ THE SOLICITATION / RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents and other documents filed with the SEC by Vulcan through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement, any amendments and supplements to the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement and other Vulcan materials related to Martin Marietta’s unsolicited offer will also be avail- able for free under the “Investor Relations” tab of Vulcan’s corporate website http:// www.vulcanmaterials.com.
April 12, 2012
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT POTENTIAL PARTICIPANTS
In addition, Vulcan has filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC with respect to the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and intends to file a definitive proxy state- ment as well. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to shareholders of Vulcan. Vulcan, its directors and certain of its executive officers may be deemed to be par- ticipants in the solicitation of proxies from Vulcan shareholders in connection with the matters to be considered at the annual meeting. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF VULCAN ARE URGED TO READ ANY SUCH PROXY STATEMENT, ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents (when avail- able) and other documents filed with the SEC by Vulcan through the website main- tained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
Detailed information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in the proxy state- ment and other materials to be filed with the SEC in connection with Vulcan’s 2012 Annual Meeting. Information regarding the
direct and indirect beneficial ownership of Vulcan’s directors and executive officers in Vulcan’s securities is included in their SEC filings on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and additional information can also be found in Vulcan’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2012, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, filed on May 6, 2011, August 4, 2011, and November 4, 2011, respectively. Relevant information concerning such participants and their potential interests is also contained in the Solicitation/Recommendation on Schedule 14D-9. Shareholders will be able to obtain any proxy statement, any amend- ments or supplements to the proxy statement and other documents filed by Vulcan with the SEC for no charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies will also be available at no charge under the “Investor Relations” tab of our corporate website at http://www.vulcanmaterials.com.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT DISCLAIMER
This document contains forward-looking statements. Statements that are not histori- cal fact, including statements about Vulcan’s beliefs and expectations, are forward- looking statements. Generally, these statements relate to future financial per- formance, results of operations, business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated
