 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS,
2014 WAS A GOOD YEAR FOR VULCAN, A YEAR TO BUILD ON AS FAVORABLE INDUSTRY TRENDS CONTINUED TO SWING IN OUR FAVOR. OUR MARKETS ARE RECOVERING AND OUTPACING THE REST OF THE UNITED STATES. THE STRATEGIC ADVANTAGES WE’VE BUILT INTO OUR BUSINESS AND REINFORCED THROUGH OUR PRICE AND OPERATIONAL DISCIPLINES, ALONG WITH FOCUSED INVESTMENTS, ARE BEGINNING TO DRIVE THEIR INTENDED RESULTS. IT WAS A YEAR OF POSITIVE MOMENTUM THAT WE ARE CARRYING FORWARD INTO 2015.
VULCAN MATERIALS | 1
   +10% +32% +9%
AGGREGATES VOLUME (SAME- STORE) GREW BY 15 MILLION TONS, TO 159 MILLION TONS
AGGREGATES SEGMENT GROSS CASH GROSS PROFIT PER TON PROFIT INCREASED $131 MILLION, INCREASED TO $4.75 PER TON TO $544 MILLION
 
 2 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
AGGREGATES VOLUMES / CAPITAL ALLOCATION
Same-store aggregates volumes grew 10%. Attractive bolt-on acquisitions will enhance future earnings growth.
SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA
N. VIRGINIA / WASHINGTON, D.C.
Year-over-year
change in aggregates volumes
>+10%
0% to +10% (2)% to 0% (10)% to (15)%
Note: Total volumes reported. Includes acquisitions completed during the year.
ACQUISITIONS COMPLETED IN 2014
PHOENIX
ALBUQUERQUE / SANTA FE OKLAHOMA
DALLAS
ACQUISITION HIGHLIGHTS
$332M 440M 8M 1M
OF INVESTMENT TONS OF RESERVES
Vulcan is benefiting from accelerating demand, successful strategic execution and continued operational excellence. We’re excited to see demand recover. It’s the one part of our business we can’t control. But we are completely focused
on the things that we can control, and it is here that our people have made, and continue to make, all the difference. Our people remain focused on increasing unit profitability, delivering expected incremental earnings and improving our world-class aggregates franchise.
Our confidence in the prospects for a sustained, multi-year recovery in aggregates demand continues to grow—
and with a strong, well-positioned business, we see great things ahead.
ANNUAL TONS OF ANNUAL TONS OF AGGREGATES SHIPMENTS ASPHALT MIX SHIPMENTS
RESULTS
In 2014, we saw very positive trends, reflected in the strong results our employees achieved. We realized our best margin per ton of aggregates product sold in the history of the Company, exceeding previous industry-leading records. We reduced SAG as a percent of sales, made strong improvements to our capital structure, strengthened our balance sheet
and enhanced our portfolio of unmatched assets in strategic markets across the high-growth corridors of the United States.
As a snapshot:
• Total revenues grew 8% to $2,994 million and gross profit
rose 38% to $588 million.
• Adjusted EBITDA increased 28%. • Earnings per share rose to $1.56.

• Aggregates volume (same-store) grew 10 percent, or 15 million tons, near the top end of our guidance range.
• Aggregates segment gross profit increased 32 percent,
or $131 million.
• Average sales price grew 2 percent, with positive impact
from current pricing actions expected to benefit price
growth in 2015.
• Non-aggregates gross profit reached $44 million,
compared to $14 million in 2013.
• Selling, administrative and general expenses were in
line with those of the prior year, excluding business
development–related expenses.
• Capital spending of approximately $225 million supported
the increased level of shipments and further improved production costs and operating efficiencies.
AGGREGATES DEMAND
IN VULCAN MARKETS
Favorable growth prospects combined with good operating leverage
1972 1982
AGGREGATES DEMAND
1992 2002
ABSOLUTE POPULATION
2012 2014
VULCAN MATERIALS | 3
 By the numbers alone, it was a good year, but I believe the real story lies in the underlying momentum and the significant potential of our business.
These numbers demonstrate the earnings leverage of volume growth in our aggregates business. Strong growth in aggregates volumes and solid operating performance led to significant earnings growth for Vulcan. We are seeing the benefit of our continuing success in growing unit profitability and leveraging our overhead structure.
We are excited about our future. We start this new phase of growth as the nation’s leading aggregates supplier with the best footprint, operations and people in the industry. As demand continues to recover, we remain focused on further improving the profitability of our business, strategically expanding our unmatched asset base to better serve our customers, and continuing our disciplined capital management.
OUTLOOK
The aggregates industry is in the early stages of demand recovery, with significant headroom for continued growth. We are seeing positive trends in each of our four key market sectors of construction activity: residential, private non- residential, highways and other infrastructure. Growth in private end markets in particular continues to drive increased construction activity and demand for our products.
And as demand recovers, Vulcan’s advantages come into play.
The overall pricing outlook for our aggregates products also continues to improve with the recovery in demand for construction materials. Our aggregates shipments have grown for seven consecutive quarters, and we expect this demand momentum to lead to accelerating price growth.
In fact, Vulcan has led the industry in pricing throughout the last economic cycle, ahead of the Producer Price Index and other industry players; we experienced only two quarters
of price erosion during the depth of the recession. It is also worth noting that the industry-leading, and expanding, margins that we have enjoyed do not yet reflect the
Index: 1972 = 100
250
200
150
100
50
Aggregates demand significantly below population trend line.
  Source: Company estimates of aggregates demand. Population data from Woods & Poole CEDDS.
mid-to-high single-digit price gains normally associated with cyclical recoveries. We expect these to take hold in 2015. The lead-lag relationship between growing volumes followed by accelerating price growth is typical for our business. We have already seen price increases between
5 and 10 percent in certain markets, particularly where the recovery in construction activity is further along. As we look ahead, we believe price momentum will increase with continued volume growth.
Our coast-to-coast footprint, concentrated on key growth markets, remains a significant advantage for Vulcan. Leading indicators, such as housing starts, nonresidential contract awards and employment levels, continue to show favorable, above-average growth trends in our markets, and our markets continue to grow faster than U.S. markets as a whole.
Importantly, we continue to convert our higher volumes
into higher unit margins by operating efficiently at the
plant level. This strong execution resulted in an 18 percent increase in 2014 over 2013 — from what were already industry-leading profitability levels — in our year-over-year unit profitability, as measured by aggregates gross profit per ton. This improved unit profitability, coupled with above- average demand growth, positions us well for significant future earnings growth.
INTENSIFYING OUR FOCUS ON AGGREGATES
Vulcan is ideally positioned for this market recovery as a result of our core aggregates strategy. Aggregates remain an essential long-term resource of limited availability and significant value, particularly in the markets we serve.

4 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
STRONG EXECUTION AND IMPROVING OPERATING LEVERAGE
Gross Profit Margin
(Excluding freight and delivery revenues)
Adjusted EBITDA
(In millions)
2012
2013
   2012
 2013
 2014
Aggregates Gross Profit
14.9% 17.9%
$411.3 $468.3
    (As a percentage of freight-adjusted revenues)
2012 23.9%
2013 26.2%
2014 30.3%
Note: Please see Non-GAAP reconciliations in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of Form 10-K.
23.3% 2014
Aggregates Cash Gross Profit Per Ton
$599.7
  2012 $4.21 2013 $4.37 2014 $4.75
    Our aggregates focus is right for us strategically. It is also the foundation of our unparalleled customer service. We provide an indispensable input, coupled with the assurance of security and quality of supply, superior local knowledge and networks, multiple transportation modes and facilities, and vast experience supporting projects of all sizes— including mega-projects of great complexity where the right supplier makes the difference between success and failure. This clear focus and unrivaled experience proves to also be indispensable for our customers, and we continue to build on the mutually beneficial relationships that have stood the test of time.
Vulcan further sharpened its aggregates focus in 2014 with the sale of our Florida cement and concrete assets in March. The sale of our Florida cement and concrete assets was an incredibly beneficial transaction for our shareholders, our people and our business going forward. We took a valuable but underperforming franchise, which was not a core part of our business, and sold it for a good price to a more strategic owner. As part of the transaction, we signed a 20-year supply contract with the new owners to provide them with the aggregates their concrete operations need. The transaction was a great strategic fit for our customer, and we then took roughly half of the proceeds and invested it back into our core aggregates business while also further reducing debt.
THE SALE OF OUR FLORIDA CEMENT AND CONCRETE ASSETS WAS AN INCREDIBLY BENEFICIAL TRANSACTION FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS, OUR PEOPLE AND OUR BUSINESS GOING FORWARD.
Beyond the sale of the Florida assets, we made a series
of bolt-on acquisitions during 2014, strategically adding attractive aggregates assets in several key high-growth markets across the country, which we expect will drive additional value for shareholders. These acquisitions further enhance our future earnings potential, especially given
the positive momentum we see across our markets. They reinforce our aggregates-focused strategy and ongoing commitment to driving profitability as an industry leader in unit profit margins.
The acquisitions also complement our aggregates sources and distribution facilities in key growth markets in Arizona, California, Texas and Northern Virginia while also providing access to new markets in New Mexico. Collectively, through these acquisitions, Vulcan has added more than 440 million tons of high quality, permitted aggregates reserves serving markets where such reserves are relatively scarce and difficult to permit.

Going forward, as the right opportunities arise, we will continue to add strategic assets to our business. We remain disciplined in our acquisition approach and focused on increasing value for our shareholders as we make Vulcan, the best aggregates franchise in the world, even better.
We are not only the largest, best-positioned player in this essential market, we’re the most profitable operator. As
a result of decisive management action, ongoing diligence and — importantly — the best workforce in the industry, Vulcan has superior operating margins and the capacity to meet increasing demand with minimal incremental cost.
THE BEST WORKFORCE IN THE BUSINESS
Our people are the best in the industry, and our greatest asset.
I’ve worked in many parts of Vulcan doing many different jobs over the years, and I am impressed every day with
the quality and caliber of Vulcan’s employees — and the way we continue to come together to build a stronger business. I firmly believe this occurs because of our culture of managerial autonomy, our entrepreneurial spirit and
the smart way we run our business on the local level. We respond quickly to changing market conditions and excel
at taking advantage of opportunities for improved operational efficiency — ultimately driving our business forward on a healthy growth path.
Vulcan has an exciting future because of our industry, our assets, our people and our management teams. We have gone through the worst recession in the Company’s history, we’ve faced down many challenges, and Vulcan is now strong — and growing. We are quite simply the best construction materials company in the world, and we’re working every day to get better.
We have the best assets, and we understand our responsibility to continue to care for and grow these assets. We have the strongest, most profitable business model, thanks to our people and their entrepreneurial spirit in creating value for our customers, and in turn creating value for all of our stakeholders. We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve, and this pays dividends in many ways. It sets us apart, and I am very proud of that fact.
Another quality that sets Vulcan apart: We give our people the gift of high expectations, along with the tools to achieve them. We expect the very best performance from all of our people, with everyone giving his or her best to make a great company even better.
We are focused on growth — growing our volumes, our profitability and our footprint, as well as ensuring the professional growth of our people. Senior leadership works for our people, providing support and guidance, which enables our employees to excel and, in turn, allows our
business to grow to new heights of success. There will be new opportunities for career development and professional growth as momentum builds and our business continues
to strengthen.
Our commitment to the people of Vulcan shows itself in a number of important ways — first and foremost is safety. We all work together to reduce injuries. In 2013, we had the best annual safety record in the history of Vulcan — a world-class record. In 2014, we redoubled our efforts to make sure that all of our employees go home as safe and healthy as when they come to work. Safety rates are not just numbers, they represent people, our coworkers and the Vulcan family. We are dedicated to keep improving in this critically important aspect of our business.
We are also committed to diversity. Our differences are our strengths. We will have a diverse, open and continuing healthy culture.
FOCUSED
One of Vulcan’s greatest strengths is the ability our people have to focus on what is necessary and essential to success. When demand softened, we intensified our focus on aggregates and on operational excellence, which has further strengthened our position in the current growth environment. We bring great discipline to how we do our jobs and how we run this business.
Vulcan has been strengthened by adversity over the last several years, and has emerged as a stronger, more focused company, uniquely positioned to take great advantage as demand for aggregates continues to recover.
Over the long term, we have a history of outperformance. I truly believe that is our future, as well.
WINNING THE RIGHT WAY
I like to say, at Vulcan, we’re about winning the right way — for our shareholders, our customers, our people, our communities, our environment and our future together. It gives me great pride to be a part of this living legacy.
Vulcan’s people are intensely competitive, but we always fight fair. We don’t cut corners. We work hard to give ourselves advantages in the marketplace — a stronger footprint, deeper reserves, stronger discipline — but that’s the only way we tip the scales in our favor. We don’t just mine the land; we are its stewards. And in everything we do, we keep the interests of every stakeholder in mind.
This is the spirit of Vulcan. I see it every day in our people, in how they work, and in the impact they have on our customers and on the communities where we work and live.
VULCAN MATERIALS | 5

6 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
WE DON’T JUST MINE THE LAND; WE ARE ITS STEWARDS.
MANAGEMENT UPDATE
During 2014, we also focused on establishing a management structure that enables us to pursue growth and profitability while further leveraging the actions we’ve undertaken
since 2012.
Our flat organizational structure is now built on existing support groups and will continue to emphasize local, close- to-the-market leadership, as well as active collaboration across geographies. The division leaders include Stan Bass, senior vice president of our West Region, which includes our Western Division and our new Mountain West Division; David Pasley, president of the Mountain West Division;
Jeff Lott, president of the Southwest Division; David Clement, president of the Central Division; Kim Duke, president of the Mideast Division; Jason Teter, president of the Southern and Gulf Coast Division; and David Grayson, president of the Southeast Division.
A LEGACY OF LEADERSHIP
I am very honored, and humbled, to have the opportunity to lead this remarkable company. Vulcan has a rich and proud history — of local businesses knitted together by a strong, common culture, of great people who do the right things the right way. Our culture hasn’t changed despite the significant challenges we have faced. We still have the same core values, and we are still blessed to work among people of great integrity who share the same commitment to excellence, to the welfare of our fellow employees and to the well-being of the communities where we operate.
We also are blessed with a legacy of great leadership— visionary leaders who have known where they want to take us and aren’t afraid to lead; entrepreneurial leaders who are focused on growth and believe in a model of local business management; and caring leaders who are committed to looking out for our people.
On behalf of all of our stakeholders, I want to thank Don James for his invaluable contributions to Vulcan as Chief Executive Officer over the years, and in particular for his role in enhancing Vulcan’s financial strength and strategic focus during the economic recession and downturn in the construction industry that is finally receding. On January 15 of this year, Don retired as a Vulcan employee, and has decided to step down as Chairman on December 31, 2015.
Today, thanks in large part to Don’s leadership, Vulcan is well-positioned to benefit from the construction market recovery and to deliver value over the long term. During
Don’s tenure, first as President and then CEO, Vulcan’s enterprise value has grown from $2 billion to $13 billion, our permitted reserves base has doubled from 7.5 billion
tons to more than 15 billion tons today, and the number of aggregates facilities we operate has increased from 122
to 335. As a leader, Don has set the bar high, and we thank him for his continuing guidance and support.
MOVING AHEAD
This is an exciting time. The opportunities for Vulcan are greater than ever. We are strong, and primed for greater success — the Vulcan way.
I am very proud of our Vulcan family. We’re going to do great things together. I’m proud of the ways the people of Vulcan have built and are continuing to build momentum — momentum that will deliver great value going forward.
And I am very pleased with the faith and trust our shareholders put in us. I look forward to our future together.
Sincerely,
  Tom Hill
President and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2015
