To our shareholders and friends,
Unprecedented financial and economic turmoil in the U.S. and external factors affecting the construction industry continue to present unique challenges for our business. In our half-century as a public company, we have performed well despite downturns in the economy. We have a proven strategy, focused on long-term value creation supported by consistently exercised operational discipline
and expertise.
We offer fundamental strengths as a business and an investment, in both uncertain and boom times. As the largest producer of construction aggregates
in the U.S., Vulcan has developed a coast-to-coast footprint that covers most of the country’s ten top metro areas that
are expected to experience the largest absolute population growth over the next decade—areas where significant and substantial development has occurred in the past and where it will occur again. Everything is in place for our company to be a key force in support of future growth and economic development in the United States.
We serve multiple markets by multiple means, primarily with aggregates but also supplemented where it makes sense by downstream products that consume our aggregates. Flexibility of our assets makes us resilient as a business. We have built our business and served our customers and communities by identifying and acting on opportunities, by managing land responsibly and by solving problems effectively. Over the years Vulcan has consistently outper- formed the S&P 500 — a result of our clearly focused strategy, strong fundamentals and consistent and methodical execution.
When recovery begins, Vulcan and its shareholders are poised to benefit. In
the meantime, we are running a very tight ship. We have focused aggressively on controlling costs while pricing our products to reflect their long-term value in the attractive markets we serve.
The cash earnings on each ton of aggre- gates sold in 2008 was higher than in any other period of our history. The 2008 level was 45 percent higher than at
the peak of the demand cycle in 2005.
As a result, despite a 12 percent decline in aggregates volumes and significantly higher energy costs, we achieved $887 mil- lion in EBITDA and $624 million in cash earnings. This marked increase in our unit profitability supports our optimism about the significant earnings potential of our business when demand begins to recover.
While no one can say with certainty what the future will hold, here at Vulcan we
are confident that we are well positioned to continue to perform in the face of adverse circumstances, to benefit from government economic stimulus programs and economic recovery and, as we have always done, to thrive over the long term.
Thank you for your continued support.
Donald M. James
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2009
  from the
