  FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Tom Hill
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS
2015 was a year of delivering on our commitments—to our shareholders, our customers, our communities and our employees.
The culture of an organization makes it or breaks it—it’s the difference between success and growth or their opposites. Vibrant, focused and growing, Vulcan is a company that is blessed with outstanding people, thriving in a healthy culture that fosters innovation, integrity and mutual support.
At our Investor Day held in Washington, D.C. a year ago, we put forward a plan that was bold but achievable: How we would reach $2 billion in Adjusted EBITDA at normal levels of demand. We know what we are capable of accomplishing, and we want our investors to know as well. Getting where you need to be, want to be and should be requires that you not just meet expectations, but that you also exceed them. That is what we set out to do—and that is what we intend to keep doing.
This past year was a clear demonstration that we were serious. We meant what we said, we had the game plan to fulfill our commitments, and we were very much on the road to doing so.
The results of 2015 speak for themselves.
RESULTS
We started the year with momentum, steadily making progress despite the frustratingly slow recovery in the U.S. construction industry. Our aggregates volumes, however, were picking up nicely.
Our pricing strength kept improving. Our cost control efforts were kicking into gear as the year progressed. And our gross profit per ton continued to strengthen very impressively. We told investors last February that we were on the right side of the market, that the wind was at our back and we were going to make the most
of it. Our people knew it and did not let them down. We worked tirelessly throughout the year, and we finished the year strong.
I am immensely proud of our people and the way they performed so well in executing our aggregates-focused strategy.
The results:
• Total revenues increased $428 million, or 14 percent, to $3.4 billion
• Gross profit increased 46 percent, to $858 million
• Aggregates freight-adjusted revenues increased 18 percent, to $2.1 billion
• Total shipments increased 10 percent, or 16 million tons, to 178 million tons; on a same-store basis, shipments increased 7 percent
• Our freight-adjusted sales price increased 7 percent in total and on a same-store basis
• Segment gross profit increased $212 million, or 39 percent, to $756 million
• Our Asphalt Mix, Concrete, and Calcium segment gross profit collectively improved $58 million
• SAG increased by $14.6 million but declined by 70 basis points as a percentage of total revenues
• Adjusted EBIT was $561 million, an increase of $236 million, or 73 percent
7

 PRIMARY SOURCES OF FUNDING
FOR PUBLIC HIGHWAY CONSTRUCTION
Passage of a federal highway bill in late 2015, state level funding initiatives, and record levels of local tax receipts provide greater visibility into strengthening public demand.
Federal Government
States
Local
      • Adjusted EBITDA was $836 million, an increase of $232 million, or 38 percent
• Earnings from continuing operations were $1.72 per diluted share compared to $1.56 per diluted share in 2014
• Excluding gains on asset sales, debt refinancing, expenses related to business development, restructuring charges, and income tax items, earnings from continuing operations were $2.16 per diluted share, compared to $0.91 per diluted share the year before.
There is much for our people to be proud of in these results. I can assure you that they will keep striving to deliver superior results as we build on our aggregates-focused strategy in 2016. We intend for our efforts to result in more than $1 billion in Adjusted EBITDA in 2016. As demand grows in each of our end-use markets, we will make steady progress towards our big, longer-range goals.
Although construction activity in most of our markets remains well below long-term trends, we believe we are well-positioned for multiple years of double-digit revenue growth, with strong conversion of those incremental sales to gross profit. We ended 2015 having completed 10 consecutive quarters of aggregates
unit margin growth. We expect that trend will only continue. The results of 2015 flowed from thousands of focused efforts across our Company to deliver excellence daily, weekly, quarterly and for the year, while also positioning us for a very strong future.
2016 OUTLOOK
We are optimistic that demand growth for our products in all end- use markets will continue to recover at a healthy pace. We believe that both residential and nonresidential construction will keep growing, led by double-digit growth in residential construction, with nonresidential construction in our markets remaining more stable than predicted for the nation overall.
Public construction in our markets will continue to benefit from highway spending in key states that have taken the initiative
to tackle their infrastructure challenges with legislation that increases funding. Record levels of local tax receipts are also supporting public infrastructure projects. Importantly, in late 2015, Congress passed and the President signed into law a long-term, fully-funded highway bill. The “FAST” (Fixing America’s Surface Transportation) Act gives states the certainty and visibility that they have long needed to plan, design and build highway projects that will improve the economy and save lives. The combination
 8

 AGGREGATES DEMAND IN VULCAN MARKETS
Favorable growth prospects combined with good operating leverage
 200 150 100 50
0
Aggregates demand significantly below population trend line
2012 2015
AGGREGATES DEMAND
ABSOLUTE POPULATION GROWTH
                    1972
1982
1992 2002
Source: Company estimates of aggregates demand. Population data from Woods & Poole CEDDS. All data indexed to 1972.
 We are optimistic that demand growth for our products in all end-use markets will continue to recover at a healthy pace.
of the rejuvenated federal highway program with actions by key Vulcan states to address their infrastructure needs gives us
much greater visibility on public infrastructure projects going forward. It represents a marked and positive shift in our outlook for future public construction spending. This is good news for our shareholders, and it’s good for our nation. Much remains to be done to repair and improve our nation’s infrastructure, but at least we are beginning to head in the right direction.
Although overall construction activity remains well below long- term per capita consumption levels, we are seeing solid growth in key Vulcan states such as California, Florida and Georgia, and we believe that trend will continue and expand to other states throughout 2016. Consequently, demand growth for our products continues, and we continue to see strong pricing fundamentals across our markets. We expect pricing increases in 2016, as
our customers continue to experience increasing backlogs of work and as construction materials suppliers focus on earning adequate returns on capital employed. Unit margins should outpace our healthy price growth.
Regarding earnings, we expect to benefit from continuing recovery in demand since the trough experienced in 2012; strong continued growth in aggregates gross profit per ton; continuing earnings improvement in our non-aggregates businesses; and ongoing leverage of our SAG expenses. Notably, since the beginning of
the recovery in the second half of 2013, our people have achieved a remarkable feat, increasing Aggregates segment gross profit nearly $400 million on a 38-million-ton increase in annualized shipments. This ability to turn incremental tons into strong incremental gross profit will only accelerate as production further ramps up. We expect significant growth in aggregates gross profit per ton and total non-aggregates gross profit in 2016. SAG expenses, as a percentage of sales, should also continue
to decline.
When you put it all together, we are very encouraged by the ongoing demand recovery occurring across our markets, and
by the positive pricing environment. Our people are completely focused on continuous improvement, doing what we do, and doing it better, every day. They, as I, are fully committed to delivering outstanding results for our shareholders in 2016, building on the successes we generated last year.
OUR STRATEGIC FOCUS ON AGGREGATES
We are extremely well-positioned to benefit from the gradual, ongoing recovery in demand for aggregates, the most basic and fundamental construction material. Over many years, we have methodically expanded our operations to serve high-growth centers from the West Coast through the Sun Belt into Texas,
9

 VULCAN’S DIVERSE END-USE MARKETS
IN A RECOVERING CONSTRUCTION ECONOMY
We focus on U.S. markets with above-average long-term expected population growth, where construction is expected to expand. Healthy demand growth in 2015 was broadly dispersed across key end-use markets.
Highways
Other nonbuilding infrastructure
Residential buildings
Nonresidential buildings
Nonconstruction
      Source: Vulcan internal data. End-use markets include both public and private construction.
 We crush rocks for a living, but at its core, this is a relationship business.
to the growing southern and central states, and further to the densely populated and affluent mid-Atlantic states. Our positions
in these markets are without parallel. We have also developed our asphalt and ready-mixed concrete businesses to supply growing and profitable markets served by our aggregates, where there have been compelling reasons to do so.
As these construction markets show signs of broadening recovery in demand across each of our end-use markets and across most of our geographic footprint, we will make the most of it. For us
in 2016, that will mean another year of continuous, compounding improvement in our execution and in our results. For our customers, it will mean another year of outstanding service, as we provide the highest quality construction materials, supported by superior local knowledge and networks, multiple transportation facilities and modes, and deep and broad experience in supplying complex and simple jobs of all sizes.
Consistent with our aggregates focus, we completed strategic bolt-on acquisitions in Arizona, New Mexico and Tennessee during 2015. Early last year, we also completed an asset exchange in which we exited our ready-mixed concrete business in California and added 13 asphalt plants, primarily serving high-growth markets
in Arizona. We see significant potential for additional bolt-on acquisitions, and will continue to pursue them in a disciplined and strategic manner.
Our aggregates-focused strategy generates significant amounts of free cash flow, even when demand is depressed. In allocating that cash flow and managing the inherent cyclicality of our business, we focus on balancing three objectives: 1) reinvesting in the business for productivity and growth; 2) maintaining adequate financial strength and flexibility; 3) continuing the disciplined return of capital to shareholders.
OUR COMMITMENTS
We crush rocks for a living, but at its core, this is a relationship business. We are deeply committed to our customers and our people, and deeply embedded in our communities.
Our commitment to customers means that we have the capabilities to fulfill their needs on large, complex jobs — with unmatched performance and service—and that we are also the supplier of choice for smaller contractors. And with all of our customers,
we strive to maintain and improve our relationships—to provide outstanding value and service for a fair price.
Our commitment to our employees means that we work hard to ensure their safety and health, in a positive environment where each person can thrive. We believe that we have the best people in the industry. I’m very proud of that. We are completely focused on the things that we can control, and it is here that our people continue
10

 STRONG EXECUTION AND IMPROVING OPERATING LEVERAGE
2013
2014
2015
2013
2014
2015
Gross Profit Margin
(Excluding freight and delivery revenues)
Aggregates Gross Profit Margin
(Excluding freight and delivery revenues)
17.9% 23.3% 29.7%
26.2% 30.3% 35.8%
Adjusted EBITDA
(In millions)
2013 $470.3 2014 $604.7 2015 $836.3
Aggregates Cash Gross Profit Per Ton
2013 $4.37 2014 $4.75 2015 $5.52
                      See Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Form 10-K (pages 31–34).
to make all the difference—increasing unit profitability, delivering incremental earnings and improving our world-class aggregates franchise every day.
Our commitment to our communities means that our people contribute to the cities, towns and neighborhoods where they live and work, in big ways and in small—from disaster relief to the support of education and a wide variety of other social causes and programs. At Vulcan, this means a great deal more than just financial support. Our people throughout the United States, and in Mexico, are generously volunteering their time, talent and energy to improve the world around them.
Our commitment to the environment means that we are taking a long-term approach that bears in mind the demands of the present and the needs of the future. As we continue to build on our legacy, we do so with a clear view of our responsibility to future generations.
Our commitment to our shareholders means that we work hard every day to generate returns that exceed market averages. We
are good stewards of their cash, with responsible expense and capital project expenditures, to achieve a healthy return on our shareholders’ investment in us. We will continue to strive to be the market leader, winning on margin performance, consistent strength of execution and pricing performance—earning a superior return on the very significant capital invested in our business.
We believe our ability to succeed stems directly from these commitments. Over the years—nearly six decades—we have built a strong, resilient and vital business on this foundation of doing things the right way. We expect this to continue for the decades to come.
MULTIPLE YEARS OF GROWTH AHEAD
At the recent trajectory, we believe we have multiple years of cyclical recovery in front of us, along with underlying long-term growth as governments and private enterprise gradually increase investments in infrastructure. Our job, and our focus, is to fully capitalize on this growth to deliver continuous, compounding improvements in our revenues, margins and cash flow. At Vulcan, we strive to accomplish these goals through our commitments to our longstanding values, to our stakeholders and to each other.
I’m excited about the future, and specifically about all we expect
to accomplish in 2016. We have the advantage of being the nation’s leading aggregates supplier with the best footprint, operations and people in the industry. As demand continues to rise, we remain focused on further improving the profitability of our business, strategically expanding our unmatched asset base to better serve our customers, and continuing our disciplined capital management.
I am pleased with the trust our shareholders place in us and look forward to our future together.
Sincerely,
Tom Hill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2016
 11
