2 | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
 DEAR
SHAREHOLDERS
2016 WAS ANOTHER STRONG YEAR FOR VULCAN. WE ARE SET UP VERY WELL FOR A PROMISING 2017, AND BEYOND.
DELIVERING PROFITABLE GROWTH
Our industry-leading core profitability continued to improve. In 2016, we grew net earnings and Adjusted EBITDA by 90 percent and 16 percent, respectively, on only a 2 percent gain in aggregates shipments, illustrating the industry-leading profitability of our aggregates business. Unit profitability and margins improved, and incremental margins remained strong across the business. In fact, since the beginning of the construction recovery in the middle of 2013, our teams’ efforts have resulted in Aggregates segment gross profit increasing $515 million on an increase in shipments of 41 million tons. During this same period, unit gross profit in our core Aggregates segment has improved 89 percent on a trailing
12-month basis.
Over the year, weather patterns and the timing of certain large projects suppressed volume growth in key states, such as California and Texas. While these factors masked, to some degree, the continuing recovery in demand for construction materials across our footprint, construction starts in Vulcan-served markets gained strength in the second half of the year. For the year, underlying demand continued to recover in all end-
use market segments. California is poised to return
to growth, and Texas markets have already begun to recover. We continued to see healthy pricing growth, with increasing confidence in a sustained economic recovery demonstrated by our customers, and a growing backlog of major construction projects in key markets. We have maintained a sharp focus on continuing compounding improvements in Aggregates gross profit per ton, and we have had impressive results.
RESULTS
Our numbers speak for themselves:
• Total revenues increased $170 million, or 5 percent,
to $3.59 billion
• Gross profit increased $143 million, or 17 percent,
to $1 billion
• Aggregates segment sales increased $184 million,
or 7 percent, to $2.96 billion, and freight-adjusted revenues increased $182 million, or 9 percent, to $2.29 billion
• Aggregates shipments increased 2 percent, or 3 million tons, to 181 million tons
• Our freight-adjusted Aggregates sales price increased 7 percent
• Aggregates gross profit increased $117 million, or 16 percent, to $873 million
• Our Asphalt Mix, Concrete, and Calcium segments’ gross profit collectively improved $26 million
• Sales, Administrative and General (SAG) costs increased by $28 million, or 400 basis points as a percentage of total revenues, largely as a result of employee incentive compensation tied to our strong performance and stock price
• Net earnings were $419 million, an increase of $198 million, or 90 percent
• Adjusted EBIT was $681 million, an increase of $121 million, or 22 percent
• Adjusted EBITDA was $966 million, an increase of $131 million, or 16 percent
• Earnings from continuing operations were $3.11 per diluted share compared to $1.72 per diluted share in 2015

2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
   I’m proud of the work our people did in 2016, serving our largest to our smallest customers, solving their problems, providing high-value logistics and product solutions, while continuing to grow our profitability and achieving new records for performance. And our people did all of this with a never-ending focus on safety. In fact, 2016 marked the second best year in safety performance in Vulcan’s history. Here, as in all aspects of our work, we are never satisfied, and will keep our focus on getting better every day.
MULTI-YEAR RECOVERY AHEAD
As we and many industry experts see it, the aggregates business is in the early stages of a multi-year recovery that began in mid-2013. The drivers underpinning demand recovery — and sustained, multi-year volume and pricing growth — remain firmly in place, in both the public and private sectors of the economy. They include: population growth; gains in total employment and in household income and wages; a continuing increase in household formations; the current imbalance of housing stock and housing demand; a multi-year federal transportation
law in place and continuing increases in transportation funding at state and local levels; record state and local
5%
Total revenues increased
$170 million, to $3.59 billion
       tax receipts; public investment in infrastructure that is still well below the long-term trend-line; and, increasing political awareness and acceptance of the need to invest in infrastructure. We are perfectly positioned to meet this growing and pent-up demand, and major new federal infrastructure programs would only be icing on what is already a very good cake.
Demand for aggregates still has plenty of room to grow before reaching historical norms. Per capita consumption remains well below 40+ year trends despite our three years of strong shipment growth in aggregates. Since mid- 2013, we have achieved approximately 8 percent same- store annualized growth in aggregates shipments. And yet our current volume, while strong and rising, is well below normal demand and only 60 percent of prior peak
   CHANGE IN AGGREGATES PROFITABILITY SINCE RECOVERY BEGAN
    AGGREGATES VOLUME – TTM* (in millions)
41M incremental tons
$515M
in incremental profit
 2Q’13
4Q’16
140
181
       +41
   AGGREGATES GROSS PROFIT – TTM* (in millions)
2Q’13
$358
4Q’16
        +$515
 * TTM = Trailing Twelve Months
$873

 4 | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
PER CAPITA CONSUMPTION LEVELS REMAIN BELOW 40+ YEAR TRENDS
aggregates shipments. Growth in public construction is just beginning to contribute to this recovery.
As the nation’s largest and most strategically located supplier of construction aggregates, serving 19 of the
25 fastest growing markets in the United States, we have tremendous upside exposure to the eventual catch-up in rebuilding our country’s infrastructure. Today, we see several years of double-digit revenue growth potential in front of us. But regardless — given our improvements in core profitability over the last several years — we would also benefit from a longer, more moderately paced recovery.
To sum up, we believe there’s significant new growth coming, and we are extremely well positioned to take advantage of it. It will produce additional revenue growth and profitability. And our balance sheet is investment grade, giving us the capacity to fund additional profitable growth.
THE OPPORTUNITY, HERE AND NOW
I’m confident about where we are heading. We’ve done well in the early stages of this recovery, and we’ve only scratched the surface.
The core drivers of a continuing recovery in shipments are being felt across our footprint. Higher levels of publicly funded construction activity are just beginning to join the ongoing recovery in private demand. The pricing environment remains favorable and pre-construction project pipelines have strengthened sharply.
2017 PROXIMITY TO NORMAL DEMAND VULCAN-SERVED STATES
15% to 35% Below Normal Demand
Up to 15% Below Normal Demand
Slightly Above Normal Demand
Pricing strength early in the cycle demonstrates that businesses are confident in a sustained recovery. Strong growth in new projects entering the pipeline is a clear signal of demand recovery and greater volumes of shipments to come.
Overall, the backlog in the pre-construction pipeline has been growing at double-digit rates and is well-balanced geographically, both by funding source and by end-use.
We expect continued growth across all end-uses and the majority of markets — growing both volumes
and pricing of shipments. That growth will be broad- based geographically, but perhaps strongest in the Southeast. Certain markets may remain tight as construction starts pick up, but constraints show signs of gradually easing.
Over 2017, the timing of large projects will remain important to our shipments and end-use sectors. In highways, we see strong pipelines and funding conditions in most markets and also expect higher spending in 2018 and beyond. Other public infrastructure construction has lagged in the recovery so far but there remains significant pent-up demand, with the high variability seen across markets in 2016 continuing into 2017. Private nonresidential construction has shown continued recovery with a few weak spots; pipeline indicators remain strong, but recent awards and starts have yet to catch up. Residential construction is picking up, particularly in the entry level segment.

 2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
   FOLSOM DAM AUXILIARY SPILLWAY
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
The Folsom Dam and associated reservoir form the key flood control structure protecting the Sacramento area. Vulcan provided more than 300,000 tons of concrete aggregates, to U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ specifications, for construction of the auxiliary spillway that strengthens the nearly 70-year old dam’s
flood protection capacity.
   
6 | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
AGGREGATES-LED STRATEGY: LEVERAGING FUNDAMENTAL STRENGTHS
Our focus now and moving forward remains on aggregates. We have built — strategically and systematically over time—the most valuable aggregates franchise in the world. The fundamentals of the aggregates business are extremely attractive: product value that just keeps rising, and attractive returns
on capital through the cycle.
We continue to pursue opportunities for value-creating acquisitions, swaps and greenfield investments. We have made a number of important bolt-on acquisitions, making attractive additions to our positions in markets ranging from Nashville to Dallas to Albuquerque. We also further strengthened our best-in-class distribution network, investing in five new rail yards in our Georgia, South Carolina and Texas markets.
We will continue to make disciplined investments in organic and acquisition-led growth, while continuing to emphasize capital returns and cost control. We are completely focused on actions that improve returns to our shareholders. We seek continuous, compounding improvement, generating big results through small actions.
Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged:
• Deploying operating capital to sustain our franchise
• Maintaining the financial strength and flexibility
needed through the cycle
• Strategic growth through mergers and acquisitions
and internal development
• Returning excess cash to shareholders through a
healthy mix of sustainable dividend growth and stock repurchases
We have seen continuing improvement in return on capital since the recovery began in the second quarter of 2013. Our return on invested capital is up some 500 basis points, while our weighted average cost of capital is down approximately 160 basis points from the time when the recovery began.
Focused on aggregates, we also have a clear operational strategy, “One Vulcan, Locally Led.” This prioritizes company-wide performance improvements while supporting strong local market leadership and autonomy. Our customers will tell you that this leads to better service, and the impact on sales and operating efficiency continues to drive faster growth, increased profitability and higher returns on capital—in other words, shareholder value.
THE VULCAN WAY: A CULTURE THAT DRIVES SUCCESS
We believe culture is absolutely important to improving shareholder value. It has helped us to grow strategically over many years, and to maintain our leadership position in the industry. I like to talk about the Vulcan Way. It means doing the right thing, the right way, at the right time. It’s how we talk about our culture, and what we try to do for each other and our customers, every day.
My job — everyone’s job at Vulcan — is to make Vulcan
a little bit better every day. We’re in an essential business supporting essential infrastructure, so “good enough” isn’t good enough. That’s our culture. That’s the sense of ownership we all share. It’s about constant improvement. No matter what job you have at Vulcan, it’s important
to have a vision and strategy for how to do it, goals for getting better and metrics to measure your progress.
We like to say, “Problems are opportunities.” Too often, others see problems as a weakness and something to hide. We see problems as opportunities to improve. Our people are not afraid to raise a hand and ask for help
 OUR CAPITAL ALLOCATION PRIORITIES REMAIN UNCHANGED:
Deploying operating capital to sustain our franchise
Maintaining the financial strength and flexibility needed through the cycle
Strategic growth through mergers and acquisitions and internal development
Returning
excess cash to shareholders through a healthy mix of sustainable dividend growth and stock repurchases
         
2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 7
       when it’s needed. As I say to them, this helps you get better, and that helps us all get better.
All of our people want to be the best. They work hard to be solutions providers, whether it’s logistics solutions, fill solutions, haul-off solutions or industry contacts.
SAFETY IS INGRAINED IN OUR PEOPLE AND PRACTICES
We may be a large company, but we still feel like a family. Our people are tremendously devoted to Vulcan, and
we are tremendously devoted to them. This includes a deep commitment to the safety, health and well-being of our employees. It’s only right that we expect—and our employees expect—that they will go home just as safe and just as healthy as when they came to work.
Overall, our injury rate is about half the industry average, as tracked by the Mine Safety & Health Administration. But given our culture, we will not be satisfied until that number is zero. And that is attainable. We have a number of operations that are already there. We are off to a strong safety start in 2017, and we are going to maintain a relentless focus on safety in all that we do.
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP IS A GIVEN
I’m proud of our environmental record. Here, as with safety, the emphasis is on getting better every day,
no matter how good you are. In 2016, we had almost 800 environmental inspections from regulatory agencies at our sites around the country, and were 99.2 percent citation-free. But we’ll keep the focus on continual improvement.
In addition to our commitment to meet and exceed regulatory requirements, we are also conscientious stewards of our extensive land and water resources. We own and lease well over 200,000 acres of prime land, and we manage it carefully throughout all phases of its
TOM HILL
CHAIRMAN AND CEO
productive use. As a land-based company, we feel a special responsibility to the environment and the communities around us. Our focus on environmental responsibility, on the wise use of our natural resources, is one of the reasons that we have been able to grow and prosper in major, metropolitan markets in states such as California, Florida, Georgia and Virginia, to name a few.
Our commitment to environmental stewardship is more than a good business decision. It’s the right thing to do.
HOW VALUE GETS BUILT
We are in a great business, and we are the leader in that business. We intend to continue our leadership position and refuse to be complacent. This management team is working hard to ensure that everyone in our organization is helping improve our performance — every day.
The fact is, we have the right people to get the job done. Our frontline management is worthy of a recognized industry leader. Our people are, hands down, the best in the business. We are in the right business, in the right markets, and we execute better than anyone else. That’s because we’re never satisfied with just doing well. We want to be great.
Thank you for your continuing support.
Tom Hill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2017
 