01/
Message to fellow shareholders
 global drivers for our businesses and concluded that our strategy was solid even though results were slow in coming. In an environ- ment where many investors focus on short-term quarterly and annual results, we were fortunate to have the full support of our board and our founder Robert b. Daugherty. It is safe to say that we would not have experienced the tremendous growth and returns to shareholders in the last decade without that steadfast resolve to stay on track.
Despite periodic downturns, we have never abandoned our core businesses; our board has consistently backed our longstanding strategic vision. During the farm depression in the 1980s, we had serious questions about the long-term viability of our Irrigation business. the following decade, we doubted whether or not participation in the utility Support Structures industry would generate good returns. In the early 2000s, our Coatings Segment was not operating at particularly impressive levels,
so many people debated its long-term fit in our company. Recently, some have questioned whether we should stay in the engineered Infrastructure products businesses, as they are not currently delivering satisfactory profitability. Had we acted on doubts about remaining in our businesses each time we encountered a downcycle, I don’t know what would be left of our company today.
looking at 2012 performance, our Irrigation Segment had another record year as it benefited from high net farm income in north america and an additional catalyst afforded by the severe drought in many parts of the u.S. our Irrigation teams quickly adapted to increased volume and efficiently delivered equipment worldwide. I believe that Irrigation has the strongest long-term drivers of any of our businesses. the increasing demands for food production to meet the needs of a growing population and, in many places, better diets will put tremendous pressure on the way agriculture uses water. this does not mean, however, that our Irrigation business will no longer be cyclical. Short-term drivers will continue to influence the market environment, including such factors as farm income, growing conditions, general economic conditions and government policies. yet I have no doubt that the trend line will continue in an upward direction.
the utility Support Structures Segment delivered another year of significant revenue and earnings growth, mainly driven by the results in north america. electric utilities in the u.S. continue
to expand and upgrade their transmission and distribution grids. we anticipate that our utility business will stay strong for a number of years; we have not seen utilities pull back on their significant transmission distribution and substation spending
plans. to meet this increasing demand, we have added and will continue to add significant production capacity. we have a global network of plants capable of serving the utility industry, and we will accelerate our market development efforts outside the u.S. for future opportunities that should be significant.
the profitability of our engineered Infrastructure products Segment continues to be unsatisfactory as a result of downward pressure on public spending in many parts of the world. In this segment, our businesses in the asia-pacific region – poles, access systems and highway safety products – operated quite well; however, our lighting and traffic structures businesses in north america and particularly europe continued to be under pressure. all three regions were profitable, just not to the extent they have been and will be capable of in a better external environment. therefore we continue to focus on the factors we do control: enhancing the way we run these businesses as we wait for market conditions to improve.
a global company like ours can only be successful with a dedicated workforce and collaborative leadership. we have streamlined management by appointing global group presidents for each of our four primary segments, and they have done a great job overlaying geographic responsibilities to maximize performance in each business. I would like to show particular appreciation for our Irrigation and utility Support Structures teams that have been working hard to accommodate rapidly increasing business volumes.
as I reflect upon our organization, it is clear that ours is a culture of many committed, smart and conscientious people who work well in teams. as I visit our plants I see the results of that teamwork. I meet people who take pride in what they do. I see our lean practices, core competencies and talent management evident
in the high-quality products and exceptional service they deliver. that is the culture we strive to foster worldwide. that is the Valmont way.
 This is my 20th annual letter to you as CEO of Valmont and I am pleased to report another record year. Revenue increased 13.8 percent to $3 billion and operating income increased 45.2 percent. Operating income as a percent of sales improved from 9.9 percent to 12.6 percent. Net earnings were also at a record level of $8.75 per share. Our return on invested capital improved to 13.2 percent from 11.0 percent in 2011.
we have not changed Valmont’s Vision Statement (as stated on page 3) since 1994. our growth over the ensuing two decades is a testament to the fact that a good strategy is one that stands the test of time.
Valmont has returned approximately 18 percent compounded annually to our shareholders over the last 20 years – a good performance by most standards. nevertheless, these results did not come in a linear fashion, and it is helpful to look at lessons learned over this long period of time.
between the late 1990s and mid 2000s, we had a number of years with little change in earnings and our stock price, causing apprehension about the soundness of corporate strategy and pressure to change course. throughout this period, our management team constantly re-examined the long-term and
our growth oVer the ensuing two decades
is a testaMent to the fact that a good strategy
is one that stands the test of tiMe.
  our global Coatings Segment delivered another record year with a very high quality of earnings and good growth. Increased captive demand from Valmont’s utility Support Structures and Irrigation Segments in north america provided further leverage.
our tubing business in north america and Donhad, our grinding media business in australia, continued to operate well and delivered meaningful earnings to the corporation.
Valmont anticipates another record year in 2013. we expect continued strength in the utility Support Structures Segment with increased revenue and quality of earnings. the current environment for our Irrigation Segment is as strong as I have ever seen it, which should also lead to a good performance this year. we expect our Coatings businesses to continue at high profitability levels, and though we do not anticipate a significant change in the market environment for our engineered Infrastructure products, we expect continued improvement in their earnings as a result of internal efforts to improve productivity and some additional revenue.
During 2012, bob meaney, Senior Vice president, retired after nearly two decades with the company. no individual deserves more credit for our international expansion than bob. He is a true global citizen and our company is better-off as a result of his tenure.
at the end of the first quarter of 2013, our Senior Vice president and CFo terry mcClain retired from Valmont after nearly 40 years of service. terry has been my partner in guiding Valmont the last two decades, and he has been a most significant guardian and promoter of the Valmont culture. His contributions to our company cannot be overstated.
thank you for your continued interest in Valmont. I look forward to updating you on our progress.
Sincerely, mogens C. bay
   Valmont 2012 annual RepoRt 4
meSSaGe to Fellow SHaReHolDeRS
Valmont 2012 annual RepoRt 5
meSSaGe to Fellow SHaReHolDeRS
