      Message to fellow shareholders
2010
  We continue to implement “The Valmont Way,” which is our war on waste to serve our customers better than anyone else. We recognize this is a journey – not a short-term sprint. Over the past year, several of our plants served as models of how a facility can transform itself into a more lean operation and become a “Center of Excellence.”
We are confident our progress will accelerate as we continue to develop additional platforms of excellence we can use as catalysts for the entire organization.
We remain deeply committed to the environment, to the communities we serve, and to the health and safety of our global workforce. We must strive for excellence in safety metrics and continually improve our performance in this crucial aspect of operating a successful global enterprise.
Throughout 2010, I continued my visits to many of our facilities around the world to meet the people behind Valmont’s success. Our employees are second to none. Their passion for our products and for serving our customers is truly inspiring. I’m proud of the work they do for Valmont each day, and nothing pleases me more than to express my gratitude
in person.
our performance in all of our businesses. We will build upon our global leadership positions and leverage our strengths across businesses and geography.
Our market drivers remain global, strong and enduring. Solutions for water management will remain a priority as growing populations and improved diets require more food to be grown with less water. Economic growth and infrastructure enhancements will continue to require substantial investment. Valmont is well positioned to help meet these challenges.
In 2010, Thomas Madison retired from our Board of Directors. We thank Tom for his significant contributions and dedicated service over the past 23 years, and we wish him well.
On a sad note, late in the year we lost our founder, Robert B. Daugherty, at the age of 88. Bob was a friend and a mentor from the very first day
I met him in China in 1977. He will be missed, but his legacy will continue through the values he instilled in our company, and through his foundation, the Robert B. Daugherty Charitable Foundation.
(See pages 6-7.)
I thank you for your continued support, and I look forward to updating you on our progress.
Sincerely,
Mogens C. Bay
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Looking ahead to 2011, we expect a stronger year with much improved performance. Although we expect our structural businesses serving
the lighting, traffic and telecommunication markets will continue
to face headwinds – due to weak public funding, a difficult pricing environment worldwide and sharply increasing input costs, particularly steel – we are encouraged by the outlook for many of our businesses. Conditions for a strong year for our irrigation business are certainly present, primarily due to increased demand for food and fiber products, strong commodity prices, and a strong farm income picture. We expect more volume in our Utility Structures Segment, but we are not counting on a better pricing environment, at least during the first half of the year. Our earnings will also be helped by a full year impact of the Delta acquisition, and by the continued improved volume and excellent operational performance of our coatings businesses.
Despite the continued weak economic conditions in many parts of the world, rest assured we will continue to focus on maximizing
 Valmont Industries Annual Report 2010 5
