     Mogens Bay
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
message to fellow shareholders
  Valmont Industries 4 Annual Report 2006

 vision
Valmont is recognized throughout the world as an industry leader in engineered support structures and services for infrastructure, and water management for agriculture. We grow our businesses by leveraging our existing products, markets and processes. We recognize that our growth will only create shareholder value
if, at the same time, we exceed our cost of capital. Essential to our success is a company-wide commitment to customer service and innovation, and the ability to be the best cost producer for all products and services we provide. Recognizing that our employees are the cornerstone of our accomplishments, we pride ourselves on being people of passion and integrity who excel and deliver results.
 The year 2006 was another record year for Valmont. Operating income was up 33 percent and net earnings increased 57 percent on a 16 percent revenue increase. Most importantly, we showed significant progress in the two financial measures I have singled out in our recent annual reports. Operating income as a percentage of sales improved more than a full percentage point to 8.6 percent and our return on invested capital reached 11.1 percent. Valmont’s financial performance was due in part to the improvements we made in the quality of our businesses, but also a result of the generally favorable economic climate worldwide, which created strong demand for our products and services in the industries we serve.
We are pleased with the performance in 2006, but not yet satisfied, as we believe our worldwide leadership positions in our core industries provide opportunities to further improve our performance. For many years, Valmont’s strategy for growth has been based on leveraging our strengths – our product lines, our market knowledge and skill sets – on a global scale. We refer to this as Global Leverage at Work,
a concept first discussed in our 2003 annual report.
Why Global Leverage at Work? The drivers of our busi- nesses are global, compelling and enduring. In the U.S. and international markets, the needs for water conservation and infrastructure development will continue to drive demand for Valmont’s products. Industrialized countries need constant upgrading and expansion of their infrastructure. Developing economies need to provide basic infrastructure. Agriculture will be under increased pressure to increase production while reducing their relative water usage.
We leverage our strengths by taking advantage of capa- bilities and capacities throughout our global network of facilities and our knowledge of local markets. We leverage skill sets as Valmont employees work together across borders, sharing innovative ideas, efficiencies and processes.
We create value by taking abroad products and services we develop for the U.S. market, and by bringing back to the U.S. product lines developed in our international markets.
Our philosophy on international expansion has been one of planting seeds, nurturing them and giving them the proper resources to grow. Because of our perseverance, we are seeing the benefits today as these businesses blossom and strengthen Valmont’s global leadership positions and financial performance.
Engineered Support Structures
The Engineered Support Structures Segment, which consists of poles, towers and specialty structures for the lighting, traffic and wireless communications markets, delivered improved performance in 2006, driven by significant improvement in our international operations. Europe benefited from government and private invest- ments in quality infrastructure. China had another record year with significant growth in key local market segments as well as a very strong export performance. During the year we opened a second pole plant in the south of China, and our Chinese management did a great job of bringing this additional capacity on line.
 Valmont Industries 5 Annual Report 2006

   Our North American pole businesses serving the light- ing and traffic markets performed well, as they pursued business opportunities resulting from the Federal Highway Bill and saw continued strength in our commercial lighting business. Our facilities producing sign structures and serving the wireless communication market in the U.S.,
on the other hand, had a very difficult year. I wish we could blame it on weak market conditions, but unfortunately our problems were, for the most part, self-inflicted. We are working hard to remedy this, and I am confident that this portion of our business will greatly improve in 2007.
At the end of 2006 we decided to suspend our funding to develop a support structures business serving the wind power industry. This was not an easy decision to make.
We are confident that we have a unique and technically solid design, but are not convinced that we can generate the kind of financial returns we require.
With hindsight, I think our enthusiasm for the poten- tial size of the wind energy market overshadowed our skepticism regarding potential financial returns. This is an industry that today mostly manufactures structures
to designs owned by the turbine manufactures – in other words, supplying material and labor. At Valmont, we are accustomed to being paid for our engineering expertise and currently do not see a clear path in the U.S. market to the profitability levels we desire. Most of the key people in our wind power effort are still part of our organization, so should the circumstances change, we can take another look at the profit opportunity.
Utility Structures
The Utility Structures Segment delivered another year of strong growth in both revenue and financial performance.
With the industry’s broadest product line and production facilities geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., Valmont is well positioned to serve our utility customers
as they ramp up their investment in the transmission and distribution grid. The merger of Newmark International and Valmont’s utility business two years ago provided the utility management team an opportunity to leverage the strength of both organizations. They have done that very well and are building a strong business serving the North American utility industry. During 2006, we increased our ownership position in the Valmont-Formet joint venture in Mexico to 100 percent, enabling us to more fully integrate that facility into our manufacturing network.
Irrigation
Our Irrigation Segment recovered in 2006 from a dif- ficult 2005 market. In the U.S., stronger commodity prices improved the outlook for farm income. Revenue increased as our customers made capital investment decisions despite continued inflationary pressures on manufacturing costs.
The international operations showed improved performance in most regions and significant results from new market development efforts. Water conservation issues will always be a major driver for this business worldwide, mostly favorable for center pivot and linear move irrigation as they continue to be the most efficient delivery system of water for large-scale agriculture.
 Valmont Industries
6 Annual Report 2006

 Operating income was up 33 percent and net earnings increased 57 percent on a 6 percent revenue increase. Most importantly, we showed significant progress in the two financial measures I have singled out in our recent annual reports. Operating income as a percentage of sales improved more than a full percentage point to 8.6 percent and our return on invested capital reached . percent.
 Tubing
TheTubingSegmentcontinuedtheirverystrong performances from 2005 and 2004. In this business, we
are very much a niche player focusing on superior customer service with specialty tubular products. We pursue quality of earnings over volume.
Coatings
Valmont’s Coatings Segment again doubled their operating income on a significant increase in revenue.
This segment is now operating at the profitability level we would expect after a few difficult years. The main challenge for this segment in 2006 was rapidly escalating zinc prices. Our team did an excellent job of passing this added cost on to the marketplace.
We will not always experience as favorable economic conditions as we see currently in the industries we serve. Our goal is to maximize our performance regardless of where we are in the economic cycle. In my letter last year, I outlined three major initiatives to deliver on this goal.
These initiatives are:
Pricing –We are continuing to evaluate elements of our pricing processes to ensure our products are priced according to the value they provide to our customers.
Lean Manufacturing –We apply a disciplined approach to managing costs, to eliminate waste in our operations, and to continuously improve productivity, safety and cost competitiveness.
Employee Engagement –While it is difficult to make adirectcorrelationbetweenprofitabilityandemployee engagement, we believe that a highly engaged workforce directly drives Valmont’s success. We recently completed our third worldwide employee engagement survey. Once again, I am pleased to report an improvement in our
overall employee engagement levels, as measured by Gallup.
This initiative provides increased supervisor training, better communication between employees at all levels, and a uni- fied vision throughout the company.
A meaningful portion of my time is spent visiting our facilities in the U.S. and around the world. It is something I thoroughly enjoy! I treasure the opportunity to meet and thank each and every one of my colleagues for what they do for Valmont every day. It is their passion and commit- ment to serve our customers that we can thank for our solid performance. Capital is allocated from Omaha, but the returns are generated by great people working together in teams at Valmont plants and offices all around the world.
Looking toward the future, we will continue to build upon our global leadership positions and pursue new opportunities. We will leverage our strengths and identify platforms for growth. At this point in time at the beginning of 2007, I expect us to further grow and improve our busi- nesses this year and deliver another record performance.
Thank you for your support. I look forward to reporting to you throughout the coming year.
Sincerely,
Mogens C. Bay
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Valmont Industries
7 Annual Report 2006
