LEttER FRom thE ExECutivE ChAiRmAn
In 2012, Vishay Intertechnology celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of its founding. the Company that began as a start-up fueled by Dr. Felix Zandman’s vision has grown to become one of the world’s largest manufacturers of discrete semiconductors and passive electronic components and a leader in the global electronics industry.
Although many things have changed since 1962, electronics has remained an industry driven by new ideas, technologies, and market opportunities. Virtually every type of electronic device and system, from tablet computers to automotive systems to medical devices, uses types of electronic components manufactured by Vishay. Vishay remains committed to innovation. It is part of Vishay’s DNA, and helps the Company to meet changing market demands and remain an industry leader.
I am committed to Vishay’s Growth Plan, the goal of which is to increase earnings per share to enhance stockholder value. Vishay’s focus is intensified organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions of niche businesses.
In 2012, we demonstrated our commitment to enhancing stockholder value by implementing another stock buy-back program.
LEttER FRom thE ChiEF ExECutivE oFFiCER
Year 2012 was a rough year for Vishay and the electronics industry. economic fluctuations are a fact of life in our industry, and Vishay has experienced many upturns and downturns over the years. Yet the Company continued to demonstrate the double earnings power made possible by our major restructuring efforts during 2008 and 2009—our business model works.
In 2012, Vishay generated “free cash” (the amount of cash generated from operations in excess of capital expenditures and net of proceeds from the sale of assets) of $147 million. Vishay has generated consistently in excess of $100 million “free cash” in each of the past seven years.
Despite the challenges that Vishay and its competitors faced
during 2012, Vishay continued to implement its Growth Plan. the Company is focused on driving stockholder value by increasing earnings per share through intensified organic growth, targeted acquisitions of niche businesses, and opportunistic stock buybacks, while at the same time maintaining a prudent capital structure.
During 2012 we strengthened our R&D and design-in efforts. We expanded manufacturing capacities ahead of the demand curve
for critical product lines such as high-voltage Super Junction MoSFets, trench and other diodes, surface-mount couplers
and infrared receivers, high-current power inductors, specialty magnetics, power resistors, and power capacitors. We have increased our technical staff by 15% since December 2009 in order to better support timely product development and design-in efforts. We responded to market opportunities in Asia by enlarging our
Also in 2012, Vishay acquired HiRel Systems, a leading supplier of high-reliability transformers, inductors, coils, and power conversion products. our HiRel business is performing very well. this acquisition will be followed by others, as Vishay targets companies whose products and customers will enable Vishay to enhance its “one-stop shop” service for complete discrete component solutions and increase market share.
today Vishay, like its competitors, faces many challenges. However, I look forward with confidence. With our experienced management team, ongoing commitment to technological innovation, solid financial foundation, and
very broad customer base, we are well prepared for the future.
I thank Vishay’s employees, customers, vendors, strategic business partners, and stockholders. thank you for your dedication to the Company during 2012 and your role in its success.
Marc Zandman
executive Chairman of the Board
technical sales force there by 25% to push design-in of our specialty products, primarily in local industrial markets. We added sales offices in northern China. And we did all this while reducing our overall selling, general, and administrative expenditures year over year.
We have entered 2013 with confidence. I am certain that Vishay’s Growth Plan will continue to serve it well during the years to come.
I sincerely thank Vishay’s
employees, customers,
vendors, strategic business partners, and stockholders for their support during 2012, and look forward to the future.
     Vishay Intertechnology
1
Dr. Gerald Paul
Chief executive officer
