 delivering growth
through transformation Fellow shareowners:
Ivan Seidenberg,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 When we created Verizon in 2000, we had at our core a belief that investing in technology was the key to creating value in communications. As services like video, photos, data, music and games converged onto broadband networks, we knew that businesses and consumers would demand access to this surge of digital content – creating huge new markets for companies whose networks could transport all those bits and bytes, make them work together and help make customers’ lives simpler, richer and more productive.
   We built our company to stand at the center of that digital marketplace.
Verizon is investing in the technology we need to compete and grow. We are using that technology to expand our rev- enue base and produce real innovation for customers. Our strategy is to create our future in the digital world – and in 2005, we saw that strategy take root.
Preparing to Lead in the Digital World
We are using technology investment to position each of our major businesses to benefit from the growth trends that are transforming our industry.
At Verizon Wireless, we moved ahead of the rest of the industry to gain a national footprint and invested early on
in a network that gave us an edge in quality and efficiency. We also were a first mover in wireless broadband, launching our high-speed network ahead of the
rest of the industry and carving out
a premium position in the fast-growing markets for wireless data, video and music. Our wireless broadband network now covers half the United States.
The result of this approach is that, rather than slowing down as competition
in wireless ramps up, we have acceler- ated our momentum – gaining market share, improving profitability and turning in quarter after quarter of industry- leading results.
As we’ve done in wireless, we are using technology transformation to cre- ate competitive advantage in our wired
2
network. Over the years, we have invested steadily in fiber backbones, dig- ital switching, and higher-bandwidth capabilities such as DSL, which have given us a growing foothold in broad- band. In 2005, we took another big step to transform this business by deploying a unique fiber architecture to the home that enables us to provide super-high- speed Internet access and enter the video market. This fiber network now passes 3 million customers, with another 3 million targeted for 2006.
The power of networks also underlies our approach to the business and gov- ernment market, where we dramatically improved our competitive position through our acquisition of MCI. This transaction gives us the global reach, Internet backbone, customer relation- ships and product portfolio to be a truly major player in this marketplace. We closed this transaction in January 2006 and immediately launched our new Verizon Business unit, which is poised to become one of the premier global serv- ice providers in the marketplace.
Verizon now has the technology base to grow the way other high-tech compa- nies do: through innovation. We are intro- ducing more new products in the market today than at any time in our history – from broadband products for every mar- ket niche, to Internet voice services, to new wireless video and music products, to on-line games, and more.
The good news is, customers are responding and our operating and finan- cial results are strong.
2005 Operating and Financial Results
Revenues were $75 billion in 2005, up 5.4 percent over 2004. In the last four years, we have expanded our revenue base by $8.6 billion through our focus on growth businesses such as wireless, con- sumer broadband and high-speed busi- ness data products. Leading the way was Verizon Wireless, which grew revenues by 16.8 percent – an extraordinary perform- ance for a business with more than $30 billion in revenues. We saw strong growth in consumer broadband and high-speed data services in our Telecom business, which is helping us manage the impact of technology substitution and competition in our traditional business.
We also turned in a solid financial per- formance in 2005. Reported earnings for the year were $7.4 billion, or $2.65 per diluted share. After adjustments for one- time and special items, earnings grew 1.6 percent over 2004. Our operating busi- nesses generated $22 billion in cash for the year, which enabled us to invest $15.3 billion in capital, reduce debt by $300 mil- lion, and pay $4.4 billion in dividends to shareowners. In the last five years, we have reduced total debt by $18.8 billion, making our balance sheet as strong today as at any time in our history.
 
       2.3
3.6
      2003 2004 2005
2003 2004 2005
In 2005, we added millions of new customers across our business. Verizon Wireless had another record-setting
year, adding 7.5 million new customers, for a total of 51.3 million. We also had a record-setting year in broadband, adding 1.7 million customers, for a total of
5.1 million.
We continue to focus on what matters to customers. Verizon Wireless set new
The bottom line is that we entered 2006 in a strong financial position, with consistent revenue growth, solid margins and cash flows, and a strong balance sheet.
Unfortunately, 2005 was a difficult year for Verizon’s stock. Our total return for the year was down 22.2 percent. This is both disappointing and frustrating for us. Investors have told us that they
 Verizon now has the technology base to grow the way other high-tech companies do: through innovation.
standards of excellence for the wireless industry, leading the league in customer loyalty, network reliability and quality. Both our landline and wireless compa- nies rank tops in our categories in American Customer Satisfaction and
J. D. Power surveys, and our brand is regularly named by consumers as number one in our industry.
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus our resources on our network busi- nesses. To that end, we announced that we are exploring the divestiture of our valuable Verizon Information Services unit. We also are making some tough choices to secure our place in the future. For example, in 2005 we announced that we are making changes to retirement benefits for management employees, which will be effective July 1, 2006. These changes (which do not affect pen- sions or benefits for current retirees) will help align benefit plans for management employees across the company, address unpredictable and escalating costs, and put Verizon on a more stable competitive footing going forward.
are concerned with the effect of compe- tition and technology substitution in our traditional business, the heavy capital investment we’re making in broadband, and the potential uncertainty created in 2005 by the pending MCI transaction.
2006 will be an important year for us to demonstrate that we can use our capital to produce results in the market- place and growth for shareowners. Our people are up to the challenge. In fact, as I visit employees around Verizon, I am struck by their commitment to our strat- egy and their conviction that our tech- nology investments are creating a more valuable company.
Together, we will marshal that convic- tion to deliver results that will build that same kind of confidence and optimism among investors.
  Wireless Subscribers
Broadband Subscribers
Revenue Growth
(billions) 80
70 60 50 40
(millions) 60
40 37.5 20
0
TBD
(millions) 6
4
2
0
TBD
TBD
Putting Customers First
Of course, the way to make a company more valuable to investors is by making it more valuable to customers – not just through its products, but also through its people, reputation and commitment to service. In 2005 we formalized our “cus- tomer first” commitment and aligned our employees around our core values of integrity, respect, performance excellence and accountability.
Our employees are proud to be part of a company that’s taking charge of its own future. They are passionate about putting customers first. They hold one another – and themselves – accountable for deliver- ing outstanding service with the highest of ethical standards. And just as they’ve done throughout our history, our people came through for their neighbors in times of crisis. Whether it was responding to the tsunami in Asia or Hurricane Katrina on the Gulf Coast, Verizon employees continue to demonstrate the moral fiber and can-do spirit that is built into the foundation of our company.
We are grateful to the members of our Board of Directors, who have steadfastly supported our investments in technol- ogy. We’re confident in our pathway to the future. We’re excited about getting on the right side of the big ideas that are pushing our industry forward. And with every step we take toward becoming the premier broadband, wireless and multi- media company in the industry, we know we are creating a better future for our people and a more valuable company for our shareowners.
Ivan G. Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
     43.8
 3.6 2.3
            2003 2004 2005
    3
