Letter to Shareowners
Ivan Seidenberg, chairman and chief executive officer of Verizon, delivering the opening keynote speech at the 2011 International Consumer Electronics Show.
Dear Shareowner,
One question lies at the heart of America’s challenge to regain its leadership after years of economic turmoil: What’s the key to growth and competitiveness? At Verizon, we answer that question simply and consistently. We have a vision of the future based on expanding markets for mobility, broadband and video. We invest capital in network technologies that put us in the center of these growth markets, and we innovate – on our own and with partners – to deliver new capabilities to the marketplace and create even more opportunities for growth. We sustained this investment-and-innovation model throughout the economic downturn, building scale and capacity in the growth businesses of the future. We focus on running disciplined, efficient businesses that deliver the benefits of these superior assets to our customers and shareowners. As a result, these vibrant mobile and broadband businesses are both driving Verizon’s growth and contributing substantially to the technology base for a renewal of America’s competitiveness in the innovation economy.
2010 was a standout year in our continuing shift toward growth.
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 1

Our results in 2010 reflect the fundamental strength of our company. Revenues grew 1.9 percent on a comparable basis for the year, the second straight year of positive revenue growth in a very sluggish economy. Our growth was propelled by strong performance in wireless, broadband and strategic business services, and our results improved in the second half of the year, giving us good momentum entering 2011. Our cash-flow performance was particularly strong in 2010. We generated $33.4 billion in operating cash flow and grew free cash flow by 16.4 percent. Combined with the proceeds from our sale of some non-strategic assets, this enabled us to invest $16.5 billion in our advanced networks, pay $5.4 billion in dividends and reduce net debt by $14.1 billion. The Board of Directors showed its confidence in future cash flows by voting in September to raise our dividend by 2.6 percent – the fourth increase in as many years – to $1.95 a share on an annual basis. We also completed the spin-off of some rural telephone properties to Frontier, which yielded $1.85 per share in value for shareowners.
Verizon’s strategic position is anchored by our sustained investment in superior network technology. We continued to push that envelope in 2010, embedding ourselves even more deeply in the high-tech sector of the economy. Our nationwide third-generation wireless network is consistently rated the nation’s best in quality and reliability. With this competitive edge, we have captured a significant share of the fast-growing wireless market over the last several years and have introduced a wide array of wireless data services and products, including most recently the
iPhone 4. In December we launched our fourth-generation wireless network in about one-third of the U.S. and will expand it across the country over the next three years, giving us a premier position in the explosive wireless data marketplace and setting the stage for a new phase of growth for Verizon. Our all-fiber FiOS network is now available to 15.6 million homes and is bar none the
Focus on Profitable Financial Growth
Verizon’s assets provide us with an unmatched strategic position in future growth markets for broadband, wireless data, video and cloud services. We focus on leveraging these superior assets to deliver increased value to customers and investors. This creates a virtuous cycle of investment, execution, growth and profitability, in which success in each area promotes success in all the others.
   Defend and extend our market position
Execute aggressive business plans for growing revenue and gaining market share to generate cash
for continued investment.
Operational excellence
Deliver on the power of our assets and expertise through fundamental execution,
operational efficiency and superior service.
Business Model Execution
Consistent investment
Allocate capital to growth platforms, advanced systems and emerging technologies to deliver
innovative products and services.
Sound portfolio management
Actively manage our portfolio to add strategic capabilities and, when necessary,
exit non-strategic businesses..
   2
Wireless Revenue (billions)
$60.3 $63.4 $49.3
08 09 10
Superior returns through strong execution and performance

fastest, highest-quality broadband network in the country. FiOS gives us an unparalleled platform for delivering the flood of high-definition video content that makes up a rapidly growing portion of the Internet. We also continued to globalize our company by enhancing our high-speed Internet backbone, which serves six continents and close to 160 countries worldwide. Furthermore, we’re adding to our extensive network of data centers to position ourselves for the emerging market for “cloud” services, in which content, customer data, security, IT services and more will be stored in the network and made available on-demand to customers wherever they are.
Verizon Wireless ended the year with 94.1 million customers and a growing number of connections from smart grids, ATM machines, smart cars and other machine-to-machine devices that reflect the increasingly pervasive reach of wireless into our daily lives. Data revenues grew at 25.6 percent in 2010, fueled by the incredible success of the Droid franchise of smartphones, called by Ad Age one of the “hottest brands” of 2010. We have now expanded our portfolio of devices to include the Apple iPad and iPhone 4 and expect to see a steady stream of new smartphones, tablets and other devices from multiple manufacturers in 2011. We broke ground on an expansion of our Technology Innovation Center in Waltham, Massachusetts, and we are working with more than 60 product developers and some 6,000 applications developers and entrepreneurs to create a new generation of wireless broadband products and applications. Of course, the most meaningful accomplishment for us is being number one with customers, so we were particularly gratified to see that Consumer Reports gave us the highest customer satisfaction rating of any major carrier for the second year in a row.
Revenues from FiOS broadband and video now constitute more than half of our consumer telecom business. At year-end we had 4.1 million FiOS Internet customers and 3.5 million video subscribers, and FiOS revenues grew almost 32 percent on the year. Our all-fiber network contin- ues to garner top ratings from J.D. Power, PCMag.com and other industry experts. We’ve started
to point the way to the next generation of video services with 3-D broadcasts of major sporting events; a growing library of video-on-demand content; a new service called FlexView that lets sub- scribers watch FiOS video content on their TV, PC or smartphone; and a “connected home” solution coming in 2011 for managing energy, security and entertainment needs from remote locations.
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 Wireless Total Customers (millions)
94.1 72.1
08 09 10
89.2
  Wireless
Data Revenue (billions)
$19.6 $15.6
$10.6
08 09 10
 2010 Total Return
Verizon
S&P 500
  25%
0%
23.1% 15.1%
           -25%
 12/31/09
3/3/10 5/3/10 7/3/10
9/3/10 11/3/10
12/31/10
3

  Wireless Retail Service ARPU
$51.84 $50.89 $51.56
08 09 10
  FiOS Internet Customers (millions)
4.1 3.3
2.4
08 09 10
 Lowell McAdam was named president and chief operating officer in 2010, with the expectation that he will become chief executive officer when Ivan Seidenberg retires in 2011.
We are starting to see our business revenues stabilize somewhat as the economy begins to recover, and as we’re seeing in our other major businesses our enterprise revenue base is shifting heavily to higher growth services. Strategic services now account for 44 percent of our enterprise revenues. Revenues from strategic services grew 6.3 percent on the year and accelerated to 7.5 percent in the fourth quarter. Our global Internet backbone network and extensive switching and data center architecture give us a great platform for marketing managed services, security and cloud-based services to multinational corporations. We took steps to further strengthen our position in cloud services in early 2011 by entering into an agreement to acquire Terremark, a global provider of managed information-technology solutions. With consistently high marks from industry analysts such as Gartner, Forrester and Yankee Group and a growing portfolio of capabilities, we secured a number of significant customer wins in 2010. And we are working with partners to develop our capabilities in high-growth segments like health care, smart grids, financial services and security.
I am pleased to report that our stock rebounded strongly in 2010. Total return for the year was 23.1 percent, as compared with 15.1 percent for the S&P and 14.1 percent for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The primary drivers of this improved performance were sustained growth in wireless and stabilizing margins in wireline. This improvement in wireline profitability is evidence that our strategic growth businesses are beginning to grow faster than our legacy voice business is shrinking. Also contributing to our 2010 stock performance were our dividend, strong cash flows and steady execution – all of which, we believe, will stand Verizon in good stead as the fundamentals of the economy improve in 2011.
As pleased as we are with our 2010 performance, we are confident that we can raise our game in 2011. Our outstanding assets give us an advantageous strategic position in the fast-growing markets for mobile broadband, high-speed Internet and advanced business services. Going forward, our challenge is to continue to transform our growth profile around these global, high- tech opportunities while consistently creating shareholder value at the same time. To do that, our leadership team is focused on executing our profitable growth model (see diagram on page 2) and leveraging our assets to deliver superior value to customers and investors.
 FiOS TV Customers (millions)
3.5 2.8
1.8
08 09 10
 4

2010 was a year of change and transition for Verizon. The Board of Directors named Lowell McAdam – one of the architects of our industry-leading wireless franchise for the last 10 years – president and chief operating officer for the corporation, with the expectation that he will become chief executive officer when I retire in the second half of 2011. The Board also named a new chief financial officer, Fran Shammo, following the retirement of John Killian after 31 years of distinguished service. Fran is one of our most talented and experienced executives, having held both operating and finance jobs and worked in all major segments of the business. Having two executives of unusual depth and experience for these key positions demonstrates the extraordinary bench we have at Verizon and assures shareowners of a smooth leadership transition.
We are indebted to the members of our Board of Directors for their wise stewardship and strategic guidance. And as always, we’d also like to thank our employees for another great year of serving our customers and our communities. In thousands of daily actions, they embody our performance-based culture and the commitment to integrity that underlies everything we do. Thanks to them, Verizon continues to be known as a company that stands for something larger than itself; our long list of accolades – Fortune’s Most Admired Telecommunications Company in 2010, Newsweek “Global Green 100,” the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index and Diversity, Inc.’s Top 50, to name a few – speaks to their passion for turning our values into action. We love what we do, and as we transform Verizon for the high-tech future ahead, we rely on the steadfast dedication of our people to building a business as good as the networks it runs on.
Whatever the economic challenges of the last few years, we have always had confidence in our vision of the future – confidence rooted in our absolute belief in the value of what we do. We’ve shown that it’s possible to change the growth trajectory of our company by investing in technology, skills and innovative capacity. In the process, we are helping create value across the economy: opening new markets, redefining productivity and jump-starting new industries. And in creating business value, we are creating social value as well by using our technology to help address the world’s most pressing problems, from education to energy to health care.
Investment, innovation and sound financial management have paved the road to the future for Verizon and can do the same for America. We’re excited about the possibilities ahead and proud of the contributions we have made toward putting our country on the path to sustained growth, competitiveness and prosperity in the years ahead.
Ivan Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 Wireline Strategic Services Revenue (billions)
$6.6
08 09 10
$5.9
$6.2
  Capital Expenditures
(billions)
$17.1 $16.9 $16.5
08 09 10
  5
