  fellow shareowners:
 Last year was another tough year in the communications industry, particularly for shareowners. Despite the turmoil, Verizon delivered solid operating results while we continued transforming ourselves for the future.
The more dynamic the industry, the more important it is to stick with your beliefs about what it takes to grow over the long term.
At Verizon, we believe that new technologies are expanding the market for communications, so we continued in 2003 to shift our investment and management focus to the growth markets of wireless and broadband.
We believe that leaders in competitive, technology-driven industries differentiate themselves through innovation and a supe- rior value proposition, so we turned up the heat on developing new products and packaging them in ways customers want to receive them.
We believe that, in a consolidating communications industry, a sound business model based on superior assets, financial strength and a leading brand is the key to controlling your own destiny.
And we believe that great companies must do more than deliver great service. They must operate with ethics and integrity, and give something back to society.
We have built a company capable of sustaining its leadership in a restructuring industry, and we are committed to breaking through the remaining barriers to growth in communications to deliver the full value of our assets to customers and shareowners.
2003 Financial Performance
Verizon’s 2003 operating revenues rose slightly over 2002, up 0.7 percent to $67.8 billion. We offset declining revenues in our traditional local telephone business with continued growth in long-distance and broadband and, especially, another spectacular year of profitable growth from Verizon Wireless.
Earnings for the year were $3.1 billion, which included net charges of $4.2 billion related to accounting changes; the sale of assets; and the severance, pensions and benefits for employees who left the business under voluntary separation plans we offered in 2003. These plans reduced our total workforce by more than 25,000 people, most of them in slower-growth areas of the business, and put our traditional business on a more com- petitive footing by making us a leaner organization while lowering our cost structure going forward.
2
Ivan G. Seidenberg
While the stock market rebounded in 2003, telecom stocks did not, and Verizon was no exception. Our total return declined by 5.6 percent on the year. When we look at our performance over the last five years, we have outperformed our peers in the S&P Telecom Services Index but lag the S&P 500 Index as a whole.
Although our stock performed better in the first two months of 2004, the fact remains that, in general, shareowners have not benefited from the transformation in communications in the way customers have.
Our core businesses continue to produce extremely healthy cash flows. And while others in the communications industry scramble to assemble the assets they need to compete, we used our financial strength to improve our balance sheet by reducing debt nearly 15 percent, or $8 billion; invested almost $12 billion in our networks; and paid $4.2 billion in dividends. This puts us among the leaders in corporate America in terms of capital investment and dividends.
Market leaders are obliged to show the path to growth, and that’s what we intend to do. Verizon will continue to demonstrate to investors that we believe in the long-term growth of this industry and have the people, strategies and resources to achieve it.
2003 Operating Results
Our 2003 operating results show that we are executing our strategic plans.
Results from Verizon Wireless show what happens when you commit yourself to leadership. As competition heated up, we actually widened our lead on the rest of the industry, turning in the highest revenue growth, best margins and lowest cost structure of all the major carriers. We maintained our edge in network quality and introduced a steady stream of new products and pricing plans, including a number of wireless data products that will account for an increasing percentage of revenue growth.
We also made progress in shifting the revenue base of our Domestic Telecom business from the declining traditional voice business to the growth markets of data, broadband, large busi- ness and long-distance. Long-distance is now a $2 billion business, up almost 20 percent for the year, and we entered 2004 with 2.3 million broadband customers. We also had good success in penetrating the large-business market by building out our national fiber-optic network and offering an enhanced suite of advanced data services to major customers.

 Verizon’s growth areas – Wireless, Long-Distance, DSL and Data—have increased their share of overall revenue in recent years.
Our Information Services unit put its core print directory product on a healthier footing by improving efficiency and increasing cash flow. We are leveraging the strength of our print product to transform Information Services into a multi-platform directory provider – in print, online and over wireless phones.
In International, we continued to dispose of non-strategic assets and focus our investments on businesses that enhance our domestic strategies. As we extend the Verizon brand into new areas, as we did recently in the Dominican Republic, our goal is to operate these businesses with the same standards of quality and integrity as our domestic operations.
In the chart at the top of this page, you can see the results of our efforts to change the growth profile of Verizon: since 2001, we have increased the portion of revenues from growth busi- nesses from 38 percent to 47 percent. To keep that momentum going, we are moving quickly to shift capital investment toward new technologies that will produce higher revenue streams: expanding the reach of DSL; deploying a national wireless data network; becoming the first in the nation to offer wide-area wire- less broadband service; and, in 2004, beginning to deploy fiber to the mass market and transform our network infrastructure around Internet protocols.
One more accomplishment of 2003 is worth noting because it demonstrates our commitment to doing the right thing for share- owners while meeting our obligations to employees and retirees. Under extremely challenging circumstances, we negotiated a five- year labor contract with 79,000 union-represented employees in our Domestic Telecom business that stabilizes future increases in labor costs, provides innovative solutions to escalating medical costs and preserves long-term health care benefits for retirees. This landmark contract provides stability and certainty not only for the company, but also for our employees and retirees, making us more competitive now and in the future.
Looking Ahead
As I write this letter, the wireless segment of the industry has begun to consolidate with Cingular’s plan to purchase AT&T Wireless. In our judgment, consolidation is a stabilizing factor for the wireless industry. And, while competitors play catch-up to extend the reach and improve the quality of their networks, we believe the most immediate beneficiary is likely to be the acknowledged market leader, Verizon Wireless.
The same can be said of Verizon’s position overall in an industry being restructured by competition and new technologies. While others in the industry attempt to emulate Verizon’s inte- grated national structure, we can focus on using this period of disruptive change to widen the gap between us and our com- petitors. Across all our businesses, we are drawing upon deep management experience, a strong nationwide brand and our investments in advanced technology in order to gain market share
today, and create new sources for growth in 2004 and beyond. As we have done in the past, we will continue to use our strong cash flows to strengthen our balance sheet without jeop-
ardizing the capital needed for future growth.
We are confident that we have the assets and business model
to steer our own ship in a consolidating industry. More important, we have the people. Our senior leaders have consistently demon- strated their ability to execute and willingness to raise our standards of performance. They lead the organization with their focus on accountability, integrity and doing things the right way. Our Board of Directors has guided our growth over the years as we built the best collection of assets in the communications industry. And our employees have responded to extraordinary operational and competitive challenges with determination, creativity and dedication to customer service.
I would like to thank our two retiring directors, Chuck Lee and Russ Palmer, for their vision and guidance over the years. And I would especially like to thank our amazing employees, who kept customers connected last year through blackouts, rains, hurricanes and fires. Their love of this business is an inspiration to us all.
We look forward to the future with confidence in the funda- mental strength of our company and with a commitment to deliver the benefits of a new world of communications to our customers, our employees and our shareowners.
Ivan G. Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  3
