creating shareowner value
  Ivan Seidenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Fellow shareowners:
2004 was a year of steady progress for Verizon. We believe in growth through investment in new technologies and markets, and we have executed our plan with discipline, delivering another year of strong results and pushing into the expanding markets of the future. Our performance earned us the #1 ranking
in Fortune’s list of most admired telecommunications companies. And in 2004, Verizon became
one of the 30 companies that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average – a testimony to the breadth
and depth of the company we have built.
While we are gratified by the recognition of our efforts, we are much more focused on the opportunities ahead. In a dynamic industry such as communications, stand- ing still means falling behind. Verizon will not stand still. Rather, we will continue to build on our momentum, raise our stan- dards for performance, and redefine the growth possibilities for the communica- tions industry.
2004 Financial Performance
Verizon experienced strong revenue growth in 2004, with accelerating momentum in growth markets as the year progressed. Revenues were $71.3 billion, up 5.7 percent from 2003. Fueling this result was a 23 percent gain in revenues from Verizon Wireless and growth in high- speed data services in wireline. Overall, we generated $3.8 billion in incremental revenues over 2003, much of that from products and services that barely existed for us as recently as five years ago.
Reported earnings were $7.8 billion. We generated almost $22 billion in cash flow from operations, which enabled
us to invest $13.3 billion in our networks, repay $5.5 billion in debt, and pay $4.3 billion in dividends to our shareowners.
So we closed the year in a solid finan- cial position, with the strongest balance sheet we have had since we formed Verizon and a majority of our revenues coming from growth products. As you can see on the chart on page 3, Verizon’s investors had a good year in 2004 as well, as our stock appreciated 15.5 per- cent during the year. Including dividends, our total return was 20.3 percent, which means we outperformed both the S&P Telecom Index and the S&P 500 Index.
With the fresh wave of proposed mergers and acquisitions in communica- tions, we have seen a pullback in telecom stocks in the early months of 2005, as investors are understandably sorting through the implications of these transac- tions. Clearly, it is up to us to demon- strate, as we have in the past, that we have the strength and the strategies to navigate through this volatile period and emerge as one of the winners in this still- restructuring industry. We will not be sat- isfied – nor, I am sure, will our investors – until our stock price consistently reflects our position as the preeminent company in our industry.
For all the changes in the industry, we are confident in our future. One sign of
that confidence is that our Board of Directors voted on March 4, 2005 to increase our quarterly dividend by 2 cents per share. On an annual basis, this repre- sents a 5.2 percent increase, from $1.54 to $1.62 per share. What this increase says is that our businesses are generat- ing sufficient cash flow to both reward shareowners and invest in the technolo- gies that will make Verizon more competi- tive and more valuable as the communi- cations transformation unfolds.
2004 Operating Results
As you will see throughout this report, we made good progress in 2004 toward implementing our vision and making its benefits tangible for customers.
Verizon Wireless continues to be the flagship company in the industry, deliver- ing our strongest year ever. Our commit- ment to network quality and customer service has made us the industry leader in customer growth, loyalty and prof- itability. Data revenues exceed $1 billion a year and, as we expand our wide-area wireless broadband network, we will offer customers a range of new services, including high-quality video, 3-D games, music and remote access.
2

  2004 RELATIVE STOCK PERFORMANCE
 25.00% 20.00% 15.00% 10.00%
5.00%
0.00%
-5.00%
1.01.04
3.31.04 6.30.04
9.30.04 12.31.04
Verizon
S&P500 Index
      $35.25
 $40.51
                     Domestic Telecom is also focused
on operating excellence and growth through innovation. While revenues from the traditional voice business continued to decline, we saw some stabilization as the year went on and held operating income margins steady. Telecom also performed strongly in the growth areas of DSL and high-speed data services for
Information Services contributes approxi- mately $1 billion in segment income and very healthy operating income margins.
Verizon International performed well in 2004. We divested certain assets, princi- pally in Canada, to focus our energies
on the wireline and wireless markets our affiliates serve in the Caribbean and Latin America. Our international busi-
For all the changes in our industry, there is one thing that doesn’t change, and that’s the commitment of our
people. For that, I am grateful to the thousands of dedicated Verizon employ- ees who constantly find new ways to serve customers – whether it’s delivering the top wireless service in the industry, deploying the country’s fastest fiber-optic network, or working day and night so we can say to a hurricane victim in Florida, “Your service is restored.” I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance and support as we steer our company through the convulsive changes in our industry.
The more we accomplish, the more
we know what still needs to be done.
The people of Verizon have a positive and exciting vision of where we’re going.
We are making the investments and deliv- ering the innovations that will put us
 We will continue to build on our momentum, raise our standards for performance, and redefine the growth possibilities for the communications industry.
business. We gained share in the large- business market, and in 2005 we
are looking to make a strong business even stronger through our acquisition
of MCI. We are deploying a high-capacity fiber network that will deliver a host of next-generation services, including super- fast Internet access and HDTV-quality video. We believe this strategy will enable us to leapfrog the competition and make us the leader in the broadband market- place of tomorrow.
Our Information Services unit is also transforming, now offering yellow pages and search services in print, over the Internet and on cell phones. With our tra- ditional yellow pages directories compet- ing with a wider variety of media, we are focused on running an efficient business, growing in new geographic areas and expanding in new electronic markets for searching, shopping and information.
nesses contributed $1.2 billion in seg- ment income in 2004.
Our strong operating performance shows that it really is possible to deliver great results today while leading for tomorrow.
Looking Ahead
As we look ahead at 2005, the restructur- ing of the communications industry has entered a new phase. At Verizon, we have announced our intention to acquire MCI in order to gain sufficient scale and presence to be a major supplier to national and global enterprises.
We see the MCI acquisition as one more step on the path to sustainable industry leadership. Over the years, we have shown that we know how to use transactions like this to create value and improve our competitive position. You can rest assured that we will approach this with the same focus and accountabil- ity for results we have demonstrated in the past.
on the upside of industry change. We will continue to conduct business with the highest ethical standards and live up to our legacy of contributing to the well- being of communities all over the country. And through it all, we will continue to step up to the challenge of doing what leaders do: use periods of significant change to reinvent their business and redefine the industry.
Ivan G. Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
