Chairman’s Letter to Shareowners
verizon communications inc. 2007 annual report
 Ivan Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Verizon has spent the better part of the last decade transforming our company to grow and compete in the digital era. Our goal is simple: to be the best company in the communications sector, period. To that end, we have gained scale in the broadband, global IP and mobile technologies required for us to become a leading network company. We have also come together around a single brand, common values and a results-driven culture. While there is always more to do, we have come through an important phase in our strategic transformation. We now have a superior set of assets in place, based on quality networks and direct relationships with millions of customers, and we have developed a capable and experienced management team. This business model is delivering improved operational performance and creating higher returns for shareowners. And with this solid foundation, Verizon is well-positioned to meet future market demands for mobility, bandwidth and global connectivity.
1
 
In changing the profile of our company, we have drawn on the talents of our employees, the commitment of our leadership team, and the foresight and resolve of our Board of Directors. Now our focus is on using these great assets to deliver the best results of any company in our industry. Under our chief operating officer, Denny Strigl, our leadership team is focused on the fundamentals of running a great business: growing revenue and taking market share, improving efficiency and productivity, delivering excellent service and strengthening our culture.
most notably in our revenue profile. Revenues were $93.5 billion in 2007. On a pro forma basis – that is, as if Verizon and MCI had merged on January 1, 2006 – this represents an increase of 5.8 percent, compared to the 3.3 percent of pro forma growth we saw in 2006. This accelerated growth reflects our continued investment in the expanding wireless, global business and broadband markets.
We believe that having the best networks is key to being the best communications company, so we continue to differentiate our businesses through network quality. Our reliable wireless network has long been a source of industry-leading customer loyalty, and we have extended this competitive edge into the wireless data arena with our nationwide third-generation data network. We are gaining scale and momentum with FiOS, our high-speed fiber network, which passed more than 9.3 million homes at the end of 2007. Verizon also is a leader in providing the global IP network over which the digital cargo of the 21st century runs. Our network currently offers secure global access to large business and government customers around the world, and we are steadily expanding its speed and reach in growing markets throughout Europe and the Asia- Pacific region. Each of our network businesses received top awards for quality in 2007
2007 Total Return
Wireless Revenue (billions)
$32.3
05 06 07
Wireless Customers (millions)
 $43.9 Our 2007 results show that this focus on performance and execution is paying off, $38.0
       Verizon
S&P 500
65.7 51.3
05 06 07
59.1
  30% 25% 20% 15% 10%
5%
0% -5%
22.2%
5.5%
  2
-10% 12/29/2006
03/29/07
06/29/07
09/29/07
12/29/2007

from sources as varied as J.D. Power and Associates, PC World and Wireless Week. Our reputation for quality is critical in attracting a large and growing base of customers who buy the Verizon brand: we ended the year with 65.7 million wireless subscribers, 8.2 million broadband customers, close to 1 million FiOS TV subscribers, and large business sales to 97 percent of the Fortune 500.
Wireless
Data Revenue (billions)
$7.4 $4.5
05 06 07
Wireless Retail ARPU
$51.57 $50.11 $50.44
05 06 07
We achieved this growth by expanding into new markets, innovating, and delivering
more value to our customers. Wireless revenues were $43.9 billion, up more than 15
percent in 2007, driven by the tremendous 65 percent growth in data revenues from
such services as text and picture messaging, video, music, and broadband access. Data accounted for about one-fifth of service revenues in 2007, and we believe this is just the beginning of the growth curve for wireless multimedia services. Within Wireline, we $2.2 experienced growth in the consumer space in 2007 as a result of broadband and video revenues, which few would have predicted a few years ago. Clearly, the driver here is
the success we are having with FiOS – our super-high-speed network that takes fiber
all the way to customers’ homes – which PC World listed as #4 on its list of the 100
best products of 2007. Customers are responding enthusiastically to the superior speed,
quality and product line-up that FiOS delivers, and we are continuing to roll out new services that take advantage of its capabilities. Our global business operations, bolstered
by our acquisition of MCI in 2006, have delivered five straight quarters of year-over-year
pro forma revenue growth, driven by 26 percent growth in strategic services – private IP, managed services, security, and hosting – that constitute an increasingly large share of
our base in this market. We are continuing to strengthen our vertical capabilities in this
market, as we did earlier this year with our acquisition of the managed security firm, Cybertrust, and we are expanding our ability to serve global customers.
verizon communications inc. 2007 annual report
        To accelerate our productivity and help us put all our capabilities to work for the cus- tomer, we implemented a new corporate structure last year to coordinate functions such as marketing, IT, network planning and purchasing across Verizon. Working together, these organizations are identifying opportunities for productivity improvement and implementing the corporate-wide structural solutions that truly take advantage of our scale and scope. One example of this disciplined approach to improving business effec- tiveness is the performance of Verizon Services Operations, launched in the fall of 2005 and recently named the best new shared services organization of 2007. This unit has helped reduce operating costs for such shared services as finance, real estate, and supply chain operations, which has contributed to Verizon’s expanding operating income
3

margins. Going forward, these support organizations will be focused on creating the end-to-end efficiencies that will expand margins. More importantly, they are also help- ing us to think through the customer’s total relationship with Verizon and create the integrated experiences that build loyalty and long-term value.
Our focus on operational excellence is helping us drive the benefits of our growth to the bottom line. Reported earnings for the year were $5.5 billion, or $1.90 per share. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $6.9 billion, or $2.36 per share, up 15.1 percent on a pro forma basis for the year. Adjusted operating income grew almost 18 percent, with margins improving every quarter. Operating cash flows from continuing operations grew 14.2 percent, to $26.3 billion, which we have used to strengthen our bal- ance sheet, reinvest $17.5 billion in our business, raise our quarterly dividend by 6.2 percent and buy back $2.8 billion of stock. (See charts on pages 4-7 for an illustration of the Verizon value creation model.)
Investors noted our solid execution, confidence in the future and commitment to growing shareowner value. Total return for 2007 was just over 22 percent, compared to 5.5 percent for the S&P 500. Although we have seen some of those gains erode in early 2008 as the overall market has dropped on investors’ concerns over a slowing economy
FiOS Internet Customers (thousands)
1,541
687
170
05 06 07
    The Verizon Value Creation Model
 2007 Revenue Mix
1.
Global Business 23%
Consumer Retail (Legacy Verizon) 16%
Telecom Wholesale 9% Other 5%
     Wireless 47%
           We changed our profile by investing in growth.
With all of the changes taking place in the telecom industry, we developed a strategy to simplify our operations and focus our invest- ments in growth products. We streamlined our portfolio by divesting our directory business and selling some access lines and international equity holdings. The capital from these transactions helped to further change our corporate profile, through the acquisition of MCI and investments in our broadband wireless and fiber networks.
Collectively, these moves have diversified our revenue base, provided new growth opportunities and created shareowner value. Today a larger percentage of our revenue stream comes from our growth businesses. By focusing on the power of our advanced wireless, fiber and global IP networks – along with offering a superior set of prod- ucts, services and distribution capabilities – we have created a strong platform for continued growth.
4
 
and the crisis in the subprime mortgage market, we are confident that our strong balance sheet, good cash flows and diversified business model will sustain us through whatever economic uncertainty we may experience in the coming months. In fact, as a sign of that confidence, the Verizon Board of Directors recently authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million shares over the next three years.
Our belief is that good execution and sound financials give you the ability to control your own destiny, even in uncertain economic times. More broadly, we think our fundamental strength will serve us well as we prepare for the next phase of growth in communications.
As we look ahead, we are getting a better picture of the opportunities being created by the accelerating shift to ultra-high-speed broadband, wireless multimedia and anytime-anywhere applications and services. We expect that a new wave of wireless devices will expand the market beyond phones and computers by embedding communications capabilities into appliances, cars, cameras, credit cards and more. The enormous growth of sites like YouTube, Facebook and other social media will continue to feed the demand for bandwidth that supports these highly visual and interactive forms of communicating. All of the defining experiences of the digital lifestyle – social
FiOS TV Customers (thousands)
943
05 06 07
verizon communications inc. 2007 annual report
  207
 3
  Consolidated Revenues
(billions)
2.
As a result of our investments, we accelerated our revenue growth.
    $88.2 $69.5
$93.5
   We believe that the best way for us to create value for our shareowners is to grow the business. By strengthening our busi- ness mix around growth products and services, we created a stronger revenue stream. Sales of our new growth products have also led to increased revenue per customer, which has helped
offset the losses we experienced in some of our legacy products. In 2006, consolidated revenues increased by $18.7 billion to a total of $88.2 billion, largely a result of our acquisition of MCI. In 2007, con- solidated revenues totaled $93.5 billion, an increase of $5.3 billion compared to 2006.
2005 2006 2007
5
 
networking, media sharing, e-commerce, and mobile media – depend on advanced Verizon Business
 networks and practical applications that deliver their power to customers.
We continue to roll out the industry-leading wireless, wireline and IP technologies
that give us a global platform for providing this next generation of services. Our fiber- optic network has the capacity to deliver the full-fledged multimedia experiences and radical interactivity that will create new opportunities in education, entertainment, medicine, commerce and the arts. We are already planning for the fourth generation of wireless network technology, which we will begin testing in 2008. We are upgrading our backbone networks to increase the performance and reliability of the vast amount of Internet traffic that we carry. Verizon is the founding American investor in an inter- national consortium that is building a cable across the Pacific Ocean to accommodate the huge growth in voice, Internet and video traffic from Asia to the United States. To make sure our customers have the broadest array of wireless options and to encour- age innovation on the part of entrepreneurs and application developers, we have announced an Open Development Initiative that will enable customers to “bring their own” devices and applications to run on our networks.
Strategic Services Revenue
(billions)
$5.2
05 06 07
 $4.1 $3.3
  The Verizon Value Creation Model (continued)
 (billions)
$20.4
3.
$26.3 $23.0
2006 2007
Operating Cash Flow from Continuing Operations
       6
2005
Operational improvements have created stronger cash flow.
In addition to creating top-line growth, our business model also focuses on creating value for shareowners by generating strong cash flow and margins. Our goal is to take advantage of our scale, stream- line our processes, eliminate duplication and drive savings to the bottom-line.
We continue to increase operational efficiency within each of our business groups to improve productivity and margins across the entire business. The results are evident in our strong operating cash flow from continuing operations, which last year grew by 14.2 percent compared to 2006.
 
But for all the technological wizardry of our industry, the real key to being the best company in communications is delivering the benefits of all this technology to the millions of customers who rely on us for service.
Think about the range of digital devices, experiences, networks and services you juggle over the course of an average day. Multiply that by those of your family, your friends, your co-workers and your on-line communities and you have a digital environment whose complexity is increasing exponentially. Giving customers the tools to manage their digital lives – anytime, anywhere, on any device – will be one of the great business opportunities of the next decade. Few companies are better positioned to help customers do that than Verizon. That’s why, going forward, we are focused on using our unique combination of assets – networks, software and relationships with millions of customers – to deliver the differentiated Verizon experience that will build competitive advantage and customer loyalty in the future.
No one in our industry has cracked the code on customer service for the digital age. Verizon can be the company that does that, and we are attacking this mission with the same kind of consistency, clarity and accountability that we have exhibited in achieving our other performance objectives.
Total Debt
(billions)
$38.3 $36.4
05 06 07
verizon communications inc. 2007 annual report
   $31.2
  2007 Use of Cash
(billions)
4.
Dividends: $4.8
Share Repurchase: $2.8
Capital Expenditures: $17.5 Debt Reduction: $5.2
        Our strong cash position and balance sheet give us the financial flexibility to continue investing for growth and at the same time return capital to our shareowners. The confidence that our business model can generate top-line and bottom-line performance allowed us to increase our dividend payment and repurchase $2.8 billion
of Verizon stock last year. By creating sustainable growth in our broadband, wireless and enterprise markets, we are able to reward our shareowners today while we continue to invest in the future growth of the business.
Shareowner Returns
Investment
2007
We used our improved cash flow to provide strong returns to our investors, while continuing to invest in future growth.
7
 
We are fortunate to have nearly 235,000 dedicated employees who come to work every day committed to serving our customers and delivering the products and services that will make their lives more manageable, convenient and productive. Our legacy of service is built on a strong foundation of rock-solid values and ethical management. Our employees’ record of excellence in such areas as diversity, energy conservation and environmental preservation continues to win recognition and enhance our reputation. Their actions reflect our deep roots in the communities we serve and our commitment to using our size, talent and technology to improve society.
In 2007 we said goodbye to two retiring board members, James Barker and Walter Shipley, and Robert Storey will retire in May 2008. Together, they have devoted 78 years of service to our shareowners. Every shareowner owes them a debt of thanks for their extraordinary commitment to our company. We will continue to reap the rewards of their work in the years to come, and you can be assured that our current Board of Directors is equally committed to being responsive and accountable to our shareowners.
The hard work of transformation is never finished, nor is the desire to be the best in the business ever totally fulfilled. We will always have much more to do. But our 2007 results show what hands-on leadership can accomplish when united around a big, ambitious goal. There’s no room at Verizon for remote-control management. To us, leadership is a personal commitment that requires each of us to be a vital, visible force in the lives of our organizations. That passion for performance has made Verizon one of a handful of companies that have shown we have what it takes to navigate the changes in our industry and come out a winner. I’m excited at the opportunity we have to practice that leadership every day, and I’m confident that the Verizon team will continue to produce results for shareowners and customers in the years ahead.
Ivan G. Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 8
