Chairman’s Letter to Shareowners
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report
  What we do.
Verizon serves customers by building great networks. It’s what we do. We design networks, invest in technology to deploy them to customers’ homes and businesses, maintain them, and upgrade them for the future. Our networks give us a platform for innovating and delivering the great products, services, applications and con- tent that customers want. This differentiates us from competitors and allows us to marry communications, data and entertainment for customers in ways few other companies can. As we unleash our increasingly powerful high-speed broadband, global IP and mobile technologies, we accelerate our growth and drive our industry forward, which in turn creates value for shareowners and customers.
This is what we believe – the conviction that guides our investment, drives our strategy and motivates our people. This belief unites our leadership team, employees and Board of Directors in our determination to be the industry’s premier network company and the leader in delivering the benefits of advanced communi- cations technologies to the marketplace.
By transforming our networks for the Internet age, we are defining Verizon as a growth company. We made meaningful progress toward this goal in 2006.
Our growth businesses are gaining scale and reach. In wireless, we were the first to deploy a national broadband network, which now reaches more than 200 million people. In telecom, we are upgrading our traditional copper network with the most comprehensive high-speed fiber network in the country, which will reach 18 million homes and businesses by the end of the decade. By combining our large-business organization with MCI to form Verizon Business, we now have
Ivan Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 

 Total Broadband Connections (millions)
FiOS Internet Subscribers
FiOS TV Subscribers
(thousands)
55 20
              1Q06 2Q06 3Q06 4Q06
What We Do: FiOS
Americans are rapidly embracing high-bandwidth services such as video downloads and photo sharing. As demand for these new applications continues to rise, Verizon’s fiber- optic broadband network is uniquely positioned to meet customers’ growing bandwidth needs for years to come.
Verizon’s fiber-based FiOS Internet service offers customers ultra-fast broadband connections with current download speeds up to 50 Mbps (megabits per second) – the fastest in the market today. In addition, FiOS provides the fastest available upload speeds, allowing customers to send photos, videos and other large files.
Our FiOS TV service is a superior alternative to cable
and satellite, offering a broad collection of all-digital programming, more than 25 high-definition (HD) channels, and access to more than 8,000 video-on-demand titles. And because FiOS TV is delivered over Verizon's fiber network, it provides customers with industry-leading quality and reliability. The vast bandwidth of fiber allows Verizon's video network to deliver true high-definition picture and sound clarity. Greater bandwidth also means that FiOS TV provides more entertainment options, new revenue growth opportunities and a superior customer experience.
3Q06 4Q06
1Q06 2Q06 3Q06 4Q06

7.0 6.1
(thousands)
375 264
1Q06 2Q06
687
207
6.6 5.7
522
The Verizon FiOS Internet Advantage:
> Faster download speeds – up to 50 Mbps – means less time waiting
> Verizon’s fiber-optic network provides superior reliability
> Superior upstream speeds allow faster sharing of pictures,
videos and other content
> A wide range of broadband speeds and pricing plans to meet
everyone’s needs
The Verizon FiOS TV Advantage:
> Faster speed and improved reliability of an all-fiber network
> Wide selection of HD channels and video-on-demand titles
> High bandwidth allows households to watch several HD
programs at the same time
> Multi-room Digital Video Recorder lets viewers watch recorded
programs in different rooms
118

a high-speed backbone network that gives us unsurpassed global reach and the ability to offer advanced Internet Protocol solutions to business customers around the world. And we continue to differentiate our platforms with applications and services that make them work better, faster, more securely and more reliably for customers.
U.S. Broadband Households
(millions)
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 YEAR
Source: Forrester Research, Inc., June, 2006
U.S. Multi-PC Households
(millions)
80 60 40 20
0
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11
YEAR
Source: Forrester Research, Inc., June, 2006
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report
 Actual
 Forecast
81.5
                    By executing a strategy based on investment and innovation, we have built 80 world-class networks that serve millions of customers at home, at work and on the 60 move. What makes this a breakthrough moment for Verizon is the powerful inter- 40 section of our network strengths with the trends that are creating new markets 20 and transforming the world of business, entertainment and communications. 0
                      2006 will go down as the year that users took over the Internet.
Blogs. Podcasts. YouTube. Wikipedia. MySpace. Open-source software. People creating a shared chronicle of daily life by swapping photos, music, opinions, expe- riences with friends, families, even strangers. Businesses in constant dialogue with customers, employees and partners – worldwide, 24x7.
This kind of user-generated, interactive, multimedia content is increasingly dominating the marketplace – a sweeping trend known as “Web 2.0.” The Internet is rapidly evolving from a text-based to a visual medium, which requires networks that deliver much higher bandwidth both upstream and downstream. Providing millions of customers the high-speed communications tools they need to par- ticipate in this global conversation is one of the great business opportunities of a generation.
Verizon builds the real networks on which these social networks depend.
Together, our broadband, mobile and global IP networks comprise a powerful delivery system for the media-rich, interactive content that is transforming tele- vision, the Internet, commerce, medicine and education as we know them today. Verizon is at the heart of this creative, disruptive, market-making shift – delivering high-definition content, helping people and businesses collaborate, and making it all work together for customers, on any screen, wherever they are. Not only does this create value for us, it also pushes the industry forward by fueling inno- vation in consumer electronics, equipment manufacturing, content, software and search – all along the value chain.
Verizon’s leadership in these transformational technologies gives us an engine for growth and makes us an indispensable driver of the 21st century economy.
  Actual
 Forecast
73.8
                                    

How we’re performing.
Our 2006 results demonstrate that we are executing our strategy and turning opportunity into profitable growth and value creation for shareowners.
Operating revenues for 2006 were $88.1 billion, a 26.8 percent increase over 2005. On a pro forma basis – that is, as if Verizon and MCI had been a single company since 2005 – revenues grew by 3.3 percent on the year, with an increasing share coming from growth businesses, and operating income margins were 16.1 percent, also up year-over-year. We strengthened our balance sheet by reducing debt by $1.9 billion, even while absorbing $6 billion of debt in the MCI transaction. We focused on our core network businesses by disposing of non-network assets, such as Verizon Information Services – now trading on the New York Stock Exchange as Idearc – and our investment in the Dominican Republic. We also paid $4.7 billion in dividends and repurchased approximately $1.7 billion in Verizon shares.
Reported earnings for 2006 were $6.2 billion, or $2.12 per share. Before special items, earnings were $7.4 billion, or $2.54 per share. Our total return for 2006 was 34.6 percent. This performance is especially significant since we sold or spun off assets that, while no longer strategic to our network focus, generated substantial earnings and cash. Idearc has also appreciated in value since the spin-off, so inves- tors who own both stocks have enjoyed an even higher total return. It was also good to see that the overall industry – wireless, telecommunications, cable and on- line services – was healthier in 2006 than it has been in some time.
We invested $17.1 billion in our networks to differentiate our products and ser- vices, deliver quality growth and expand our relationships with customers.
With its emphasis on network quality and a record of innovation, Verizon Wireless continued to post the best results in the industry in 2006: the highest revenue growth, at 17.8 percent; the highest operating margins, at 25.2 percent; the highest number of new customers, at 7.7 million; the most retail customers, at 56.8 million; and the most loyal customers, as indicated by our industry-leading customer turnover of 1.17 percent.
2006 Total Return
 Verizon
S&P 500
03/31/06
  40% 30% 20% 10%
0%
34.6% 15.8%
                 -10% 12/31/05
06/30/06
09/30/06
12/31/06
  return of .6% excludes the idearc spin-off and includes dividends. 6

           Wireless Customers (millions)
59.1 51.3
43.8
04 05 06
Wireless Revenues (billions)
$32.3 $27.7
What We Do:
Wireless
The wireless industry continues to be one of the most dynamic growth sectors in the global economy. In nearly every measure – from market share to network reliability to customer loyalty – Verizon Wireless delivered another year of superior results in 2006.
Last year Verizon Wireless added
7.7 million customers – the most in
our history – to bring our total wireless
$38.0
$r3e4c.3ords for low churn, a measure of 1.43%
(millions)
$23.8
customer base to 59.1 million. This
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report
Data Customers Customer Turnover
  (percent)
represents a 15 percent increase in total customers from the end of 2005. Verizon Wireless continues to set industry
customer loyalty, with only 1.17 percent
  turnover. And in the fourth quarter
1.22% 1.14%
    the verizon Wireless “cherry chocolate” music phone
04 05 06
04 05 06 04 05 06
$16.6
of 2006, Verizon Wireless quarterly
revenues topped $10 billion for the first
time. Full-year 2006 revenues were
$38.0 billion, making Verizon Wireless
the largest wireless provider in the
country based on total revenues.
  The Verizon Wireless Advantage:
> Most reliable wireless voice and data network in the nation
> Recognized by publications and industry organizations for the best customer service
> Highest customer loyalty in the industry
> Over 2,200 Verizon Wireless retail stores
across the country
> Portfolio of innovative wireless devices
for consumers and businesses
> Industry-leading operating income
margins


Much of this growth comes from our leadership in wireless data, which in 2006 accounted for $4.5 billion in revenues. We ended the year with 34.3 million retail data customers. With V CAST services and other high-speed applications, Verizon Wireless is transforming the cell phone into a multimedia device capable of deliver- ing music, Internet access, video and locator services. This gives us enormous room for growth as we market these services to our loyal customer base.
We closed our merger with MCI in January 2006 to form Verizon Business. In its first year of operation, Verizon Business staked out a strong competitive posi- tion among multinational customers. The superior global IP capabilities that MCI brought to the table give us a particularly strong position in the high-growth end of the large-business market.
Verizon Business was the only U.S.-based large business carrier to show quarter-over-quarter revenue growth, fueled by 27.3 percent growth in strate- gic services such as advanced IP services, virtual private networks and managed network services. Our industry-leading global network allows us to offer ultra-long- haul, converged packet access and other advanced capabilities demanded by these sophisticated customers. We also achieved $600 million in merger synergies, which exceeded our target, and raised our objective for 2007 to $900 million.
Our principal goal in Verizon Telecom is to transform our telecom franchise into a broadband and entertainment business. To do that, we are investing in a fiber network capable of delivering two-way, high-definition broadband and video services at speeds currently up to 50 megabits per second, all the way to homes and businesses – the fastest broadband service available in the market today.
This historic project – launched in July 2004 – began to bear fruit in 2006. Our advanced fiber-optic network passed a total of 6.2 million homes and businesses by the end of the year. We expanded our FiOS brand of high-speed data services, which when combined with DSL gave us 7 million broadband customers for the year, up 35.7 percent. We also introduced FiOS TV in September 2005 and now offer video to customers in hundreds of communities across the country in competition with cable providers. Essentially, we created a complex new business from scratch in less than two years and ended 2006 with 207,000 video customers. We expect video to gain even more momentum in 2007.
U.S. HDTV Households
(millions)
70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11
YEAR
Source: Forrester Research, Inc., June, 2006
 Actual
 Forecast
64.0
                                      So 2006 was another year of solid operating performance and steady progress in transforming our company. We completed a major merger, streamlined our struc- ture, took market share, and put telecom and global business on a path to growth.


           What We Do: Wireless Data
From text messaging and music downloads to GPS navigation and Internet access, Verizon Wireless had another strong year of growth in data services. For the third consecutive year, wireless data revenues doubled over the previous year, contributing $4.5 billion in revenues in 2006. Verizon Wireless had 34.3 million retail data customers in December 2006, a 44 percent increase over fourth quarter 2005. Nearly 19 million of those customers have high-speed broadband-capable devices, including phones, PDAs, Blackberries and laptop PC cards.
Verizon Wireless launched V CAST Music in early 2006,
and now has 18 music-enabled phones that allow customers to browse and download songs. In March 2007, Verizon Wireless launched V CAST Mobile TV, the first true mobile TV service in the nation. To continue providing the best customer experience, Verizon is increasing wireless broadband
speeds in markets throughout the country. This enhanced broadband service gives customers the ability to upload files up to six times faster than before.
WireWleisresleDsastaData CustCoumsetorsmers (mill(imonilsli)ons)
The Verizon Wireless Data Advantage:
> V CAST – the nation’s first consumer wireless broadband multimedia service
> V CAST Music – the world’s most comprehensive mobile music service, with over 1.5 million songs available
from the V CAST Music store
> BroadbandAccess – wireless Internet access at broadband speeds
> V CAST Navigator – an advanced navigation system for mobile phones
> TXT Messaging – 17.7 billion messages sent over the network during 4Q 2006
> Picture Messaging – 353 million picture/video messages shared during 4Q 2006
> Get It Now – downloadable games, ring tones, and other exclusive applications and content
  34.3 34.3
23.8 23. 16.6 16.
WireWleisresleDsastaData ReveRneuvesnues (billi(obnilsli)ons)
$4.5 $4.5
$2.2 $2.2 $1.1 $1.1
04 0405 0506 06
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report
  8
 6
     04 0405 0506 06


 What We Do: Business Services
Verizon Business, created in 2006 following the merger
with MCI, offers large business customers advanced
IP services, virtual private networks and managed network services. Verizon provides local-to-global reach over its secure global IP network to 94 percent of Fortune 500 companies. We also provide managed network services to nearly every U.S. federal government agency from the civilian and defense communities. Verizon Business’ broad and deep product portfolio has been recognized by leading industry analysts.
The Verizon Business Advantage:
> One of the most expansive IP backbone networks in the world
> Employees in over 300 offices in 75 countries across six continents
> Global IP footprint serving 2,700 cities in 150 countries
> More than 200 state-of-the-art data centers in 22 countries > The Verizon Business network includes high-capacity lines
that allow data transfer up to 10 gigabits per second,
the fastest commercially available today
> Strength in financial services, retail, high-tech, health care,
federal/state/local government and education
0
Business Revenues
(billions)
$5.0 $5.1 $5.2
Strategic Services
(millions)
1Q06 2Q06 3Q06 4Q06
$5.3
$1,006 $1,052 $1,132
1Q06 2Q06 3Q06 4Q06
$941

Where we’re headed.
Going forward, we’re focused on using the unique Verizon model to change our growth profile and drive value for customers and shareowners.
We continue to restructure our assets to focus on broadband, wireless and entertainment. We have announced our plan to divest or spin off our invest- ments in Puerto Rico and Venezuela, as well as access lines in Maine, Vermont and New Hampshire. These transactions will generate cash and strengthen our strategic focus.
We expect to invest between $17.5 billion and $17.9 billion in 2007 to increase the coverage, reliability and speed of our wireless, broadband and global IP net- works. Our center of gravity will continue to shift to growth products and new markets. As one of the few companies that can address customer needs across all environments and all networks – what technologists call the customer’s entire
“ecosystem” – we are in a great position to use our capabilities to solve customer problems and deliver the total digital experience they are coming to expect.
This is an area of real opportunity for us. Verizon’s products and services get excellent grades from customers and industry analysts, but we know we can and should be better, particularly in integrating the customer’s experience across dif- ferent media, networks and devices.
We are committed to using our capabilities to deliver superior customer expe- riences. We are introducing bundled services that give customers the convenience of a single source and single bill for all their Verizon services. We have the “first- mover” advantage in introducing services that marry content and communications and deliver them to any screen the customer wants – video over wireless, Internet on television screens, whole-house networking and more. We will continue to add to the vertical capabilities of our networks, making them faster, more reliable and more interactive. By capitalizing on the breadth of our company, we can deliver integrated solutions and create the kind of compelling, differentiated customer experiences that build loyalty and competitive advantage. And we are working with a wide variety of partners to deliver their content across our three broadband networks, with the highest possible quality, safety and security.
We are using our scale and structure to drive profits as well as revenues. We have shown in Verizon Wireless that a business model based on superior networks, customer loyalty and efficiency leads to year after year of margin leadership. That’s our objective for Verizon, across all our operations. To assist in that effort, we cre-
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report


ated Verizon Services Operations to help us drive a competitive cost structure and take advantage of our scale efficiencies.
In addition, as we build out our fiber network, the new businesses enabled by this investment are growing both in revenue contribution and operating efficiency, which means our earnings and investment returns will improve over the long term, as well.
How we work.
Verizon is a network company, in human as well as technological terms. In fact, with our direct relationships with millions of customers, we’re different from other companies in the Internet economy.
Our relationship to customers isn’t just virtual, it’s real. Our customers don’t relate to us just through the click of a mouse. They come into our stores. They see our trucks. They talk to our service reps. They invite our technicians into their homes. They know that – with more than 240,000 employees in communities all over the country and the world – we have a vested interest in good schools, safe neighborhoods and strong local economies.
That’s why the human dimension of business – customer service, ethics, values, reputation and community investment – is so deeply embedded in our culture and so profoundly important to our success. Our people have a strong record of giving back to communities through matching gifts, volunteer hours and other activities, and our commitment to corporate social responsibility is visible in all our opera- tions. We publish an annual report on our corporate responsibility initiatives, which is available on our website. (For more, see page 13.)
Building trust with our stakeholders is not only the right thing to do, it’s vital to the relationships we have with our partners and customers.
That human dimension also shapes the way we lead and manage our people.
Our strategy is only as good as the people who carry it out, our reputation only as strong as the employees who embody it for customers. We have taken a num- ber of steps to raise standards, increase our competitive focus and put more tools for decision-making in the hands of our employees. For example, we devoted more than 8 million hours of training and $110 million in tuition assistance in 2006 to equip our employees to deploy new technologies and address the needs of sophisti- cated clients. We also have a rigorous and comprehensive Code of Business Conduct that applies to all employees worldwide. We train and certify all employees in the
The Verizon Foundation
at a glance:
$69,400,000
total funds given by the verizon Foundation in 2006
11,280
number of nonprofit organizations that received time/money from verizon volunteers last year
600,000
Hours of community service by verizon volunteers in 2006
3,300
nonprofit organizations that received grants directly from the verizon Foundation
Verizon Thinkfinity
at a glance:
47,000
Free online educational plans and other resources available to educators
90,200
schools using verizon thinkfinity resources
2,700,000
user sessions on thinkfinity web site each month in 2006
Verizon Wireless HopeLine
at a glance:
$1,300,000
verizon Wireless Hopeline grants in 2006
910,000
phones collected in 2006 by Hopeline to support domestic violence prevention programs
300
Domestic violence prevention organizations funded in 2006
2

 What We Do: Corporate Responsibility
Verizon uses the power of networks to enrich people’s lives. We believe deeply in the ability of communications to empower, teach, entertain
and connect. That’s why Verizon is committed to improving literacy in America and preparing students for success in the 21st century workplace. We also put our technologies to work by helping victims of domestic violence, improving the quality of health care in the U.S., and educating children and parents about online safety. In addition, Verizon employees have deep roots in their communities, and feel a responsibility to make
a positive impact through volunteerism and charitable contributions.
For more information on Verizon’s commitment to corporate responsibility, please visit our web site at www.verizon.com/responsibility.
Verizon Thinkfinity
Thinkfinity is the Verizon Foundation's leading-edge resource for educators and the literacy community. This online education platform, which contains more than 47,000 educational resources such as lesson plans and student activities, creates endless possibilities for learning.
In partnership with eight of the nation's leading education organizations, Thinkfinity is commercial-free and accessible anytime from anywhere
at no cost. The homepage can be found at www.thinkfinity.org.
Verizon will continue to expand this treasure chest of ideas and is working to make it available on other technologies to support learning
in the 21st century.
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report


 What We Do: Business Transformation
Verizon’s strategic investments and focus on new growth opportunities have transformed our company and strengthened our position in the growth segments of the communications, information and entertainment industry.
These charts show Verizon’s improving revenue mix from 2004 to 2006. Revenues grew from $70.7 billion in 2004 to $88.1 billion in 2006. During this same period, wireless and global businesses became a much larger percentage of total revenues. This means we’re less dependent on the traditional telephone business and
better positioned in the growth areas of broadband, wireless and global IP that are driving the world’s economy forward.
Business Transformation Drives Revenue Growth
 2004 $70.7 Billion Global Business
Broadband and Video
Consumer Voice
Wholesale
International and Information Services
2006 $88.1 Billion
Global Business
      Wireless
Other Wireline
Wireless
Broadband and Video
Consumer Voice
Wholesale
          
Adjusted revenues in 2004 include those related to our former Information Services segment and our Caribbean and Latin American properties which are classified as discontinued operations, and excludes revenues related to MCI which was acquired on January 6, 2006.
Other Wireline

code, and we have established standards of conduct for our suppliers to ensure that they conduct business in accordance with our standards of integrity and respect.
We have seen some significant changes in our senior leadership team this year. Our vice chairman and longstanding technology guru, Larry Babbio, has decided to retire after more than 40 years in the communications industry. We will feel the influence of his passionate belief in superior networks as the basis of competitive advantage and value creation for years to come. In January, we created three new senior positions at the corporate level, naming Denny Strigl as president and chief operating officer, John Stratton as chief marketing officer, and Shaygan Kheradpir as chief information officer.
Shareowners look to the board of directors to use good corporate governance in overseeing management’s performance and results. The board’s oversight focuses on three principal areas: strategy development and execution, risk management, and management development. Verizon’s board of directors has been instrumental in leading our company through a period of historic technological and competi- tive transformation, balancing long-term investment with rigorous performance standards that drive management to build shareowner value. Board members are active and vigorous advocates for shareowner interests, reviewing strategic plans and holding management accountable for the successful execution of annual oper- ating plans. Our full board met 12 times and there were a total of 21 committee meetings in 2006. Independent board members meet regularly in executive ses- sion and annually elect an independent director to serve as the presiding director and act as a liaison with the chairman.
During the past year, the board elected two new directors – Fran Keeth and John Snow – who bring to us tremendous expertise in global operations and finance. Over the past three years, five new independent directors have been added to the board. We believe that our audit and finance committee, led by Thomas O’Brien, is one of the strongest in all of corporate America. Our corporate governance and policy committee, led by Sandra Moose, continues to develop rigorous corporate gover- nance standards that govern the board and its committees. Our human resources committee, led by Walter Shipley, has helped put in place a team of senior execu- tives with proven track records, a deep knowledge of technology and markets, and a demonstrated ability to lead us forward at critical junctures in our history.
Creating an aligned, accountable company is the work of leaders. To achieve the superb execution we require across our big, diverse and complex company, Verizon leaders must act on a few simple rules.
Verizon Core Values
Accountability
verizon communications inc. 2006 annual report
 Respect
 Integrity
 Performance Excellence


Our leaders are visible. They communicate goals, measure progress and reward results. They are required to meet challenges head-on and own their results. They are rewarded for creating value, not managing budgets. They rally their people around sales and service, and motivate them to come to work every day with a pas- sion to compete and win.
They challenge, communicate, take down barriers and do the work.
They intervene in the lives of their organizations to drive performance and help Verizon win.
Our people understand the challenges ahead. The degree of complexity in the Internet marketplace continues to amaze, as does the intensity of the competition we face from a widening circle of companies. Keeping on top of these challenges will require us to be in a constant mode of learning, innovating, growing and transforming.
Of all our accomplishments, what I’m most proud of is that we are a team with the confidence to change our company – and ourselves – to conform to the dynam- ics of the world around us. Every year, Verizon is a different company than we were the year before: more innovative, more global, more competitive and more high- tech. As we move forward, we are more focused on our core strategies and unified in how we approach our customers. And with each passing day, we believe even more deeply in the capabilities we bring to the marketplace and the vital role we play in delivering all the new experiences of the Web 2.0 world.
We’re excited about creating a great future for our customers, employees and shareowners. We’re motivated by the possibilities of advanced communications technologies that are as transformational as any we have seen in the history of our industry. Most of all, we are guided by the values that have shaped our history and inspired by the legacy of technology leadership that has made us the company we are today.
Serving customers with great networks is our heritage, our future and our daily challenge.
It’s what we do.
Ivan G. Seidenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 6
