  Fellow Shareowners:
 Ivan G. Seidenberg
 —
  THERE’S AN OLD ADAGE THAT STRONG COMPANIES GET STRONGER IN DIFFICULT TIMES. BY THAT MEASURE, VERIZON HAD A GOOD YEAR IN ONE OF THE MOST CHALLENGING PERIODS IN MEMORY FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS INDUSTRY.
We began the year with a focus on execution, fiscal discipline and service and ended by meeting or exceeding our financial and operational targets.
We began with a belief in the value of our core businesses and new technologies and ended with a solid track record of innovation, investment and growth.
We began with a determination to leverage our unified brand and ended the year with Verizon firmly established as the leading brand for communications in our markets.
And we began the year as we have every other year in our existence, with a rock-solid value system and ethical management team that sustained us through an extraordinarily difficult year for corporate America.
In short, 2002 was a year of progress in our journey toward industry leadership—a journey that finds us stronger today, across virtually every dimension of our company, than we were one year ago.
2002 Financial Performance: Focused on Fundamentals
In a contracting industry, Verizon’s earnings before special and non-recurring items grew 1.7 percent in 2002. We managed to hold revenues flat at $67 billion, offsetting the impact of the slow economy, increased competition and outdated regulation with continued double-digit revenue growth from Verizon Wireless and strong performance in long distance and broadband.
Uncertain times require management to focus intensely on the factors we can control, which we did with good results in 2002. We improved our balance sheet by shaving more than $10 billion off our debt load, a reduction of almost 16 percent. In response to declining volumes in telecom, we reduced the size of our workforce. These and other cost-saving moves, along with contin- uing productivity improvements, resulted in significant gains in operating income and free cash flow. With a leaner cost structure and industry-leading results in the fourth quarter, we enter 2003 with a strong foundation and great momentum.
We are obviously not satisfied with the flat revenue growth we experienced last year. But by focusing on the fundamentals, we essentially held our own in a year when most of the companies in our industry were shrinking. The same can be said for our stock performance (depicted on the chart on page 3). When you include dividends, Verizon’s total return to shareowners for 2002 was down more than 15 percent, reflecting the market’s general uncertainty about the impact of competition, technological change, regulation and the continuing recession on the communications industry. More broadly, however, Verizon outperformed the S&P Telecom
Services Index, as well as the S&P 500 Index, indicating our relative strength in a difficult market.
This is mixed news, at best, and demonstrates the need for us to show that we can translate our belief in the growth potential of communications into shareowner value. What is clear is the oper- ational strength of our core businesses and the power of our inte- grated business model. While we remain cautious about the eco- nomic environment for 2003, we believe the market will reward these strengths over the long term.
2002 Operating Results: Growth through Innovation
Our operational performance in 2002 demonstrates our continued focus on growth, innovation and service. Despite increased com- petition, we added customers and grew share in several markets.
Verizon Wireless ended the year with 32.5 million customers— by far the largest customer base in the country. Not only is this a more than 10 percent increase over 2001, it also represents prof- itable growth, with margins and revenue per subscriber going up.
With 10.4 million long distance subscribers, we are now the third largest consumer long distance company in the marketplace and — sometime in the first half of 2003 — expect to be able to pro- vide all our customers with a full package of local and long distance services.
We continued the aggressive transformation of our telecom business to a more data-centric, high-speed platform. We now have 1.8 million digital subscriber lines and enjoyed 9.2 percent growth in data transport revenues.
We are becoming a premier e-business provider with our SuperPages.com on-line directory product and a full-service electronic portal in Verizon.com.
And we focused our international investments on those businesses—mainly in the Americas and Canada—that have synergy with our domestic wireless, wireline and directory businesses. Going forward, our international portfolio will be a smaller, stronger set of companies, characterized by the same operational excellence that distinguishes our core businesses.
We also showed we could do what infrastructure businesses like ours do: invest in and operate great networks and grow through innovation.
We invested $12 billion in capital, much of it to upgrade our wireless and wireline networks with higher-speed capabilities. We were the first to offer a complete bundle of services for the consumer market, gaining more than half a million customers for our VeriationsSM packages that combine local, long distance,
2

 broadband and wireless services. With Enterprise Advance, we are bringing to market an integrated, managed suite of services for large business customers. Verizon Wireless continued its record of innovation by introducing new wireless data and downloadable applications. And Verizon Information Services is transforming its traditional directory business into one of the leading electronic commerce providers in the world.
Through it all, we continue to focus on the essence of our business: delivering great service to customers. According to inter- nal and external metrics — from customer surveys to J. D. Power ratings—the quality of service went up in 2002, as it has every year since Verizon was formed.
Our efforts in 2002 strengthened our competitive position, improved our cost structure, and made our already advanced net- works even more robust. We have the scale, scope and financial strength required to compete in this industry. And we are proving, year after year, that we have the right strategy for delivering the benefits of our assets to the marketplace.
Commitment to Leadership
Of course, as we saw in 2002, even sound business models can be undermined fatally if they are not based on a foundation of strong values and ethical management.
Our Board of Directors, led by Chairman Chuck Lee, deserves special recognition for its steadfast ethical guidance and insistence on sound governance practices. So too does the Verizon leader- ship team for ensuring our adherence to a rigorous code of con- duct for all employees. (See “Straight Talk” on page 8 for a further discussion of these topics.) The Verizon leadership team is arguably the most experienced, diverse and proven in all of tele- com. They managed to do the right things the right way in 2002.
Our employees deserve special mention, as well, for their dedication to our customers, their focus on results in a tumultuous year, and their can-do spirit in an age when too many people find it easier to make excuses than to make progress.
The months ahead will put that resourcefulness to the test.
Verizon has achieved a position of leadership in communications. We have assembled the assets and established a record of per- formance that others in our business have yet to match.
Now we must do what leaders do — raise the bar for ourselves and the industry.
Technology businesses create the future through innovation. For us—and, more important, for the American economy—that means broadband and wireless. We must continue to break down the regulatory barriers to investment in new technologies that will unleash a new era of productivity and growth across the entire
technology sector. In the meantime, we are pushing forward with the next generation of services to ensure that Verizon’s customers — whether they come to us through wireless, telecom or SuperPages—will be the first to receive the benefits of a truly integrated broadband experience.
The quest for leadership is a long-term game. Our challenge is to fight our way through all the doubts about the future of communications, continue to turn in superior operating perform- ance, and deliver the sustainable value creation that characterizes the truly great corporations.
Fortunately, we love what we do. We believe in our business model, our technology and our people. We know that we have a great and vital role to play in revitalizing the communications indus- try and, with it, the technology engine of the economy. And we’re prepared to step up to the plate and do what we do best — invest, innovate and deliver great service — to reignite the market’s excite- ment about the possibilities of communications to change people’s lives for the better.
Verizon’s journey to being one of America’s flagship companies will never be over. But as we showed in 2002—and as we will demonstrate again in the years to come — we’re making progress every day.
IVAN G. SEIDENBERG
Chief Executive Officer
      2002 RELATIVE STOCK PERFORMANCE
Verizon
S&P500 Index
S&P Telecom Svcs Index
  $47.46
 $38
.75
10% 0% -10% -20% -30% -40% -50%
-60%
1/01/02 3/31/02
6/30/02
9/30/02
12/31/02
                                                                          A Note of Thanks
Verizon gratefully acknowledges the service of four directors who are leaving our board this year. John Snow has joined the
Bush Administration as U.S. Treasury Secretary. Edward Budd, Robert Daniell and Helene Kaplan will retire upon reaching
the board’s mandatory retirement age. Their leadership, integrity and acumen have helped build not only Verizon’s assets but also our character.
We also extend a special thank-you to Fred Salerno, who retired in 2002 as vice chairman and chief financial officer. His strategic vision and moral fiber are part of our foundation and constitute a lasting legacy to Verizon’s shareowners and employees.
3
