  To Our Shareholders
Washington Mutual entered 2006 looking good.
This was no more apparent to me than when I led our annual State of the Group management meeting in February, attended by more than 3,200 energized “Wamulians.” Our people are excited about what lies ahead knowing their accomplishments over the past year have helped pave the way.
Despite a challenging environment in 2005, our team produced solid results that enabled us to gain momentum in all of our businesses. We continued to profitably expand our retail banking franchise by growing the number of households we serve nationwide by well over 600,000, while expanding our checking account base by nearly
1 million. We opened more than 200 new retail banking stores, further solidifying our competitive positions in a number of the nation’s top cities. We took a significant strategic step strengthening our leadership position in middle-market consumer banking by adding a credit
card business. We improved our mortgage banking operations, reducing costs and improving efficiencies across that business. Our industry-leading multi-family lending business continued to deliver strong growth and asset quality and we saw record volume in our Long
Beach Mortgage subsidiary.
In addition to these accomplishments, we made significant progress on various cross-business and productivity initiatives throughout the organization. We also remained vigilant in our risk management activities and maintained our strong credit position. Finally, Washington Mutual continues to attract experienced and extremely talented people who share our vision and values.
The company reported 2005 earnings of $3.73 per diluted share. We achieved these solid results in an environment that included a flattening yield curve (the convergence
of short- and long-term interest rates), a cooling of the previous year’s robust housing market and ever-increasing competition. I am extremely proud of the way our people responded and confident that our business model and strategies will serve as the catalyst for growth and greater productivity moving forward. Even as we acknowledge our successful performance in 2005, we recognize that we can—and must—continue to improve in all facets of our business. Before I tell you how we intend to accomplish just that, I’ll update you on two important developments in 2005.
In my letter last year, I told you about challenges we faced in our mortgage business which affected the company’s overall performance in 200. Specifically, mortgage volumes
20 Washington Mutual 2005
 
 had declined at a time when we had not fully implemented our cost containment efforts. In addition, we had not fully integrated the operations and technology platforms we had inherited in a series of mortgage banking acquisitions. At the time, I explained that we had work to do to improve the performance of our mortgage business. I am pleased to report that we have made good progress on this front. Our mortgage business performed well in 2005, having reduced expenses by approximately $350 million, signifi- cantly improving productivity while adding to our national retail sales force.
2005 was a year of transformation. We took steps to further leave our thrift legacy behind as reflected by our more diversified asset base and expanded sources of fee income.
For a number of years, we had a desire to expand our consumer business with a Washington Mutual-branded credit card. And while we worked to build our capability internally, we saw an opportunity to accelerate our ability to offer credit card products and quickly acquire the scale we required. In early June, we announced our merger with Providian Financial Corporation, a highly profitable company with solid credit quality and a similar focus on middle-market customers. To the credit of our integration team, we completed the transaction in record time. This allowed us to achieve revenue synergies immediately after we closed the transaction on October 1.
The new business segment, now called Washington Mutual Card Services, turned in a strong performance in its first quarter of operation as part of our company. And as we welcomed Providian’s customers to the Washington Mutual family in the first few months, we experienced an even better than expected response from our existing customers who now want our branded credit card.
2005 Highlights
Net income for 2005 of $3.3 billion, or $3.73 per diluted share, all from continuing operations, was up 33 percent on a per share basis when compared with net income from continuing operations of $2. billion, or $2.1 per diluted share from continuing operations for 200. Reflecting this solid financial performance and continued strong operating fundamentals, our Board of Directors elected to raise the cash dividend on the common stock in each successive quarter during 2005. It’s worth noting that the Board has elected to raise the cash dividend for the past 2 consecu- tive quarters, contributing to our superior total shareholder returns over the years.
Financial results are obviously top of mind for investors. However, it’s the business strategy and franchise that drives those results. That’s why Washington Mutual is creating the nation’s leading consumer and small business bank by building strong, profitable relationships with our customers.
Having entered several major metropolitan centers with our retail banking business in recent years, our manage- ment team shifted its focus to driving growth in existing markets, opening 210 new retail banking stores in 2005.
By year end, we operated more than 2,100 retail banking stores in 16 states, serving some of the fastest-growing metropolitan markets in the nation. But our retail banking stores are only part of a much larger and impressive franchise. Washington Mutual offers people a friendly banking alternative through more than 2,600 “touch points” throughout the country, including our retail banking stores, home loan centers, multi-family lending offices, wholesale and Long Beach Mortgage locations—and let’s not forget the millions of customer interactions we have each day through our more than 3,700 ATMs, telephone banking and award-winning website, wamu.com. Through the combination of our touch points, our unique brand and, most importantly, our people, we’ve built a thriving business serving 19.5 million households across the nation.
Washington Mutual 2005 21
 
 Five-Year Financial Targets
2005–2009 Target
2005 Actual
 Return on average common equity1
High teens
14.63%
Earnings per share growth1 Nonperforming assets / total assets
Double digit < 1.00%
14.42%
0.57% 
Period end
1 Average over the cycle for the targets
Efficiency ratio
< 50.00%
57.76%
Tangible equity / total tangible assets
> 5.50%
5.72%
Household growth is a key driver of our retail banking strategy. And in most cases, a checking account is the first relationship new customers choose when they come to Washington Mutual. In 2005, more than 633,000 net new retail banking households joined Washington Mutual. Strong growth in checking accounts—which were up
over 900,000, or 10 percent—led the way, reflecting the popularity of our Free Checking and Free Business Checking products. In all, total retail accounts (including checking, savings, money market and time deposit accounts) grew by approximately 1. million, contributing to a $6.6 billion, or 5 percent, increase in average retail deposits. I believe we are well-situated to continue driving substantial growth in new households, accounts and deposits with even greater productivity over time.
As previously noted, we added credit cards to our product mix on October 1. And we didn’t take long to begin marketing the new cards to existing retail banking and mortgage customers. In less than three months, we added nearly 160,000 new credit card accounts to our base, contributing to an increase in total managed receivables of close to $700 million, representing an annualized growth rate of 1 percent, in just Washington Mutual Card Services’ first quarter as part of our family. We are excited by these early results and view this new business as an excellent fit for our company and a key to meeting our customers’ product needs.
In addition to diversifying our loan portfolio through the addition of credit card receivables, we made significant progress in further expanding our home equity and multi-family businesses. The average balance of home equity loans and lines of credit in 2005 was $7.92 billion, nearly a 3 percent increase over the previous 12 months. Meanwhile, multi-family lending originations in 2005 were $9. billion, establishing a new record. At year end, multi-family loans outstanding reached $25.6 billion, up 15 percent from 200.
While total home loan volume of $207.72 billion in 2005 was down slightly from the previous year, the comparable volume was achieved with significantly less expense and with greater productivity than in 200. Year over year, our mortgage team reduced expenses in the business by nearly $350 million, while adding approximately 500 retail loan officers to our sales force. Importantly, we also added several key new members to the senior management team, further strengthening the depth of knowledge and expertise in our home loans business.
The significant progress we made in our businesses in 2005 was reflected in the increased number of relationships we maintained with our customers at year end. Washington Mutual’s retail banking cross-sell ratio increased to an average of 6.31 products and services per household, up from 5.5 at the end of 200. This progress reflects both the talent of our front-line sales force and our continued focus on the needs of consumers and small businesses.
22 Washington Mutual 2005
 
 Five-Year Strategic Plan
At the beginning of 2005, we outlined a new strategic plan that included ambitious financial targets for our company over the next five years. We established these targets with the express intention of driving our company to top-tier performance within our industry. I believe that meeting these targets will place Washington Mutual among the highest-performing of the top-ten bank holding compa- nies in the country. I further believe it is the best way to ensure we continue to deliver superior long-term returns to our shareholders. We made excellent progress in 2005, and I believe we are well-positioned to continue our momentum over the life of the five-year plan.
While all the targets are important in assessing our performance, the company’s return on average common equity and tangible equity to total tangible assets ratio indicate how successful we are in deploying shareholder capital. For 2005, our return on average common equity was 1.63 percent, up from 1.02 percent in 200. While we are not yet at our target return in the high teens, we expect to make progress in this area as we execute on our strategic plan and deploy more of the capital we generate into our higher-margin businesses. At year end, our ratio of tangible equity to total tangible assets—or capital ratio—exceeded our target minimum of 5.50 percent coming in at 5.72 percent.
Another important long-term measure of success for our company is earnings per share growth. Our target is to achieve double-digit growth over the five-year period.
I am pleased to report that we met this important target in 2005, having increased diluted earnings per share by 1 percent.
Achieving an efficiency ratio of less than 50 percent is one of the most critical targets in our current plan. While we significantly improved our efficiency ratio in 2005 to 57.76 percent from the prior year’s 6.25 percent, our team has more work to do. Many of the business initiatives we are working on are designed to drive greater productivity in
2006 and beyond. For example, to support our ambitious growth plans and to achieve top-tier productivity, we expect to relocate more of our operations to lower-cost domestic markets and, where appropriate, increase our use of offshore resources. These steps are necessary in our efforts to gain greater organizational efficiencies and meet the challenges of the more competitive global economy.
Over the past several years, the credit environment has been extremely favorable, especially in the housing sectors where we do the majority of our lending. As a result, our year-end 2005 nonperforming asset ratio of just 0.57 percent remained well below our 1 percent five-year target. We understand that the recent credit environment has been extraordinary and can’t last forever, which is why we took proactive steps to reduce our risk exposure by selling a significant portion of the residual interests we held in subprime loans, as well as a significant portion of the home loans we originated during the year. The recent trends of slower housing starts, reduced sales of existing homes and increased home inventories in some markets may point to a more challenging housing market in 2006. While we continue to be cautious in our outlook, we believe that a slowdown or correction in the housing sector would likely be gradual rather than severe. That said, we continue to believe that the company’s nonperforming asset ratio will again be below our five-year target in 2006.
We are confident that through organic growth and greater productivity we can meet or exceed our revised financial targets. However, we will continue to consider acquisitions that meet our stringent criteria as a means of strengthening our franchise and augmenting our growth. Our criteria require that acquisitions be consistent with our business strategy; not pose any significant integration, credit or capital risk; provide a relatively high internal rate of return, typically in the high teens; and be accretive to earnings per share within one year. Our recent merger with Providian is an excellent example of a transaction that
met all of these criteria and we expect it to quickly add to shareholder value.
Washington Mutual 2005 23
 
 Cumulative Value of a $10,000 Investment
Assumes an initial investment of $10,000 on 3/31/83 and reinvestment of dividends through 1/31/05. Source: Standard & Poor’s
Washington Mutual
Standard & Poor’s Financials Index Standard & Poor’s 500 Index
$694,016
             $185,743
$148,745
                                      85 87 89 91 93 95 97 99 01 03 05
Creating Long-Term Value for Shareholders
Since becoming a public company in 193, Washington Mutual has delivered an outstanding total shareholder return that has exceeded that of the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 and S&P Financials Indices on a five-, 10- and 15-year basis. And while we’ve also outperformed these indices in nearly all shorter-term periods, I believe that longer-term comparative returns are the best indicator of the consistency, stability and growth in a business. An initial $10,000 investment in our common stock when we went public in 193 would have grown to $69,016, including reinvested dividends, by year end 2005. This compares with a total of only $1,75 and $15,73 had the same investment been made in the S&P 500 Index and S&P Financials Index, respectively.
We’ve achieved these outstanding long-term results,
in part, by executing on our strategic plan, which we’ve updated every five years; sharing the plan with our employees so they understand the direction in which we’re heading; and communicating our progress against our financial targets. By continuing to follow this proven method for success, I believe we are well-positioned to further build on our successful track record.
Talented and Experienced Leadership
At no time in our history has Washington Mutual had
such experience, depth and talent in our leadership ranks.
Some members of the team have been with us for over
20 years, while others have joined us more recently from some of America’s other top companies. As the CEO of the company for the past 16 years, I am a firm believer in retaining the culture and core values that have shaped Washington Mutual, while constantly honing the manage- ment expertise required to run a larger and more complex organization.
The presidents of our four business segments are second to none. They include David Schneider, who last year joined Washington Mutual to lead our Home Loans Group. David oversees all aspects of our home loans business, including our industry-leading sales production team and mortgage servicing portfolio. He brings to Washington Mutual a wealth of experience in mortgage lending, consumer lending, retail banking and corporate finance. Prior to joining us, David had successfully managed the integrations of acquired mortgage companies and led a number of companywide productivity efforts at CitiMortgage, Inc.
We also welcomed Joe Saunders, former president and chief executive officer of Providian, to our team as president of Washington Mutual Card Services. We are delighted to have Joe and other senior managers from Providian, who share our passion to deliver innovative products and services and superior customer support as well as our commitment to strong underwriting and efficient operations.
2 Washington Mutual 2005
 
 David and Joe join two company veterans—Al Brooks, who heads up our Commercial Group, and Ken Kido, who leads our Retail Banking and Financial Services Group. All four presidents of our business segments report to Steve Rotella, president and chief operating officer. Steve joined us early in 2005 from JPMorgan Chase and has done an excellent job of leading the execution of our operating plans.
With the retirement of long-time chief enterprise risk officer Jim Vanasek, who I thank for his years of dedicated service to Washington Mutual, we asked Ron Cathcart
to join our team. Under Ron’s capable leadership, our enterprise risk area is in excellent hands. With over
23 years’ experience at various North American banks,
he is responsible for the oversight of the credit, market and operational risk functions for the company.
Ron joins our core executive team that also includes seasoned finance professional Tom Casey, executive vice president and chief financial officer, who brought his financial and operational expertise to our team in 2002, and 25-year industry veteran Debora Horvath, executive vice president and chief information officer, who joined our team in 200. Along with the rest of the members of the Executive Committee, including Fay Chapman, senior executive vice president and general counsel; Daryl David, executive vice president for human resources; and Benson Porter, executive vice president and chief administrative officer, our leadership team is focused on successfully executing all elements of our five-year strategic plan and is committed to creating long-term value.
Heading into 2006
As I write this letter, we expect many of the same trends that we saw last year to continue in 2006. The yield curve is extremely flat, the Federal Reserve continues to increase short-term interest rates and housing is slowing in many parts of the country. In this more challenging environment, we expect our net interest margin and gain on sale margin to be under pressure. We also expect the costs of hedging
our mortgage servicing rights to be higher than in past periods. So we see some short-term challenges which should improve when the Federal Reserve determines that stable or declining short-term interest rates are appropriate. While we are waiting for market conditions to improve, there are many things we are doing to improve our long- term operating performance.
First, cross-business sales efforts will be a significant driver of our future growth. In 2006, we are committed to selling more home loans through our retail banking stores, selling home equity products to our home loan customers and selling credit cards to all of our customers.
Second, in addition to our cross-business initiatives,
each of our four businesses has growth plans of their own. In Retail Banking, we will remain focused on household growth, store expansion, the cross-selling of home loans, credit cards and other products, and expanding our small business activities. We continue to develop new retail banking products designed to give our customers better products and to further differentiate ourselves from the competition. For example, our new WaMu Free CheckingTM is expected to accelerate the growth in new checking accounts over the next 12 months. In Home Loans, we
will focus on originating higher-margin products, such
as subprime loans, and expanding and leveraging our complete complement of distribution channels. Card Services will be intent on continuing its progress in integrating and growing our credit card business, while our Commercial Group will focus on innovating new products and continuing to leverage operational advan- tages in our multi-family lending business.
Supporting these efforts will be a world-class sales force and one of the most recognized brands in our industry. We have worked over the past several months to refine our brand and to develop a new national advertising campaign. We are encouraged with this work and look forward to seeing customer response as we roll out our new national advertising campaign.
Washington Mutual 2005 25
 
 Finally, our productivity efforts will continue to be front and center. This will mean finding ways to better leverage existing infrastructure, improving product delivery times, trimming costs in some areas and realigning some businesses to better serve customers. For example, in addition to helping customers with questions about their existing accounts, our contact centers will evolve to become both a service and sales channel. Likewise to more effectively serve mortgage customers, our Long Beach Mortgage subsidiary, which focuses on subprime lending and Mortgage Banker Finance, have been aligned under one management team within our Home Loans Group. This move recognizes the unique characteristics of both the prime and subprime markets, while allowing us to fully leverage our resources and infrastructure. These and the other efficiency initiatives I mentioned earlier are but
a handful of the productivity enhancements we have planned throughout the company in 2006.
In the Community
Last, but certainly not least, we understand that along with being one of the nation’s top companies comes responsibility. And Washington Mutual has a proud and long-standing tradition of lending a hand to people who need it most.
So, when Hurricanes Katrina and Rita devastated the lives of so many along the Gulf Coast, it was no surprise that employees from across the nation stepped up immediately to help with cash and volunteer support. As did our customers. Altogether, corporate, employee and customer support for hurricane relief efforts totaled over $3.5 million in 2005.
2005 also marked the fourth year of our 10-year, $375 billion lending commitment in support of low- to moderate- income communities with programs specifically designed to reach traditionally underserved communities. Since announcing our commitment in 2002, Washington Mutual has achieved 76 percent of the ten-year goal by providing $2. billion in funding.
Equally important to financial support is the time and expertise volunteered by our employees. In 2005, we volunteered more than 11,000 hours to schools, affordable housing organizations and other community partners. We also contributed nearly $ million to our housing, education and other community partners nationwide.
Every day and in so many ways, our employees show that our company has a steadfast heart, an irrepressible sense of humanity and the dynamic resourcefulness to do whatever it takes to help. This was particularly true in 2005. It is for this reason that I am so deeply proud to be associated with our more than 60,000 employees across the nation.
I believe 2006 will be a very successful year for Washington Mutual. The first half of the year will likely be somewhat challenging due to the difficult operating environment. But we are making excellent progress on a number of fronts and this will become evident when the environment improves. I believe we have nearly unlimited potential due to having great people who have tremendous energy and commitment. We have the right plan and we are headed in the right direction. I am confident that we are in the best possible position to deliver value for our customers and shareholders alike in the years to come. I look forward to great things in the future.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2006
 26 Washington Mutual 2005
 