            Kerry Killinger Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In 2000, Washington Mutual advanced its position as one of the nation’s premier consumer financial services companies. We generated record profitability despite an adverse interest rate environment, substantially expanded our leading franchises in consumer and mortgage banking, and announced several strategic initiatives designed to further enhance our competitive position in the future. In addition, shareholders were rewarded with a much improved stock valuation.
We intend to be among the best in our industry – a lofty goal to be sure. But our industry rank and significant scale are only part of our story. At Washington Mutual, we are innovative in our approach to delivering financial products and services and we bring this very different style to all aspects of our business. We believe this com- bination of innovation and a willingness to be truly different than our competitors creates a unique brand promise that leads to exceptional service for our customers, consistent and improved profitability for our company, and the creation of long-term value for our shareholders.
I will discuss more about driving innovation and growth in our franchises, our improv- ing financial results and the accelerating pace of change at Washington Mutual, but first a recap of the highlights of a truly remarkable year.
     28 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000
Brought to you by Global Reports

  HIGHLIGHTS OF 2000
The Washington Mutual team accomplished the following in 2000:
• Produced exceptionally strong, and also record, earnings of $1.90 billion, or $3.54 per common share, an increase of 12 percent, despite a tough interest rate environment most of the year.
• Achieved a 21.15 percent return on average common equity, comfortably exceeding our long-term target of 20 percent.
• Generated record loan volume of $66.01 billion, an increase of 12 percent over the prior year.
• Increased noninterest income 31 percent over the 1999 figure.
• Added more than 514,000 net new retail checking accounts, reaching a total of 4.8 million accounts at year end.
• Announced the signing of an agreement to acquire Houston-based Bank United Corp., a move that will expand our consumer and business banking and specialty finance businesses, and give Washington Mutual a top-tier presence in Texas, the third-largest economy in the U.S.
• Agreed to acquire the residential mortgage business of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., which, along with the acquisition of Bank United Corp., would make
us the second-largest home loan originator and the fourth-largest mortgage loan servicer in the U.S.
• Launched project OccasioTM, our revolutionary retail concept stores in Las Vegas, and announced the extension of this concept into Phoenix, Arizona.
• Maintained strong credit quality in a slowing national economy.
STRONG PERFORMANCE TOWARD FINANCIAL TARGETS
These accomplishments reflect the successful implementation of individual business line initiatives as well as adherence to our corporate strategies and commitment to meeting or exceeding our stated five-year financial targets. These objectives and strategies, covering the years 2000–2004, not only provide a framework for our actions, they serve as benchmarks each year and illustrate our progress over the long term.
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000 29
Brought to you by Global Reports

 Five-Year Financial Targets: 2000–2004 (average)
  Return on average common equity (ROCE) Annual growth in EPS (as reported)
Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets Efficiency ratio (to be achieved by 2004) Common equity to total assets ratio1
1 Excludes unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities.
Target
> 20.00% > 13.00 < 1.00 < 45.00 > 5.00
2000 Performance
21.15% 12.03
0.53 47.97 5.24
 The company’s return on average common equity (ROCE) increased to 21.15 percent in 2000, compared with the 19.66 percent ROCE in 1999. Earnings per share (EPS)
grew at a respectable 12 percent to $3.54, compared with $3.16 per share in 1999. This figure was very close to our five-year EPS growth target despite the challenging interest rate environment in 2000. Our operating efficiency ratio was 47.97 percent in 2000, compared with 47.16 percent in 1999, mainly due to the impact of interest rates and strategic balance sheet restructuring in the first half of 2000. The ratio of nonperform- ing assets to total assets was a solid 0.53 percent at the end of the year, compared
with 0.55 percent at year-end 1999. Finally, the common equity to total assets ratio (excluding unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities) was 5.24 percent at December 31, 2000, compared with 5.18 percent at December 31, 1999. Based on this excellent financial performance, the Board of Directors increased the cash dividend on common stock by one cent in each consecutive quarter of 2000.
From a broader perspective, Washington Mutual’s five-year total shareholder return through the end of 2000 (assuming the reinvestment of dividends) averaged 25.61 per- cent per year. This performance ranked in the top quartile of the nation’s largest banks and outpaced the Standard & Poor’s 500 and Standard & Poor’s Financial Indices.
CONTINUED SUCCESSFUL IMPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGIES
Financial Strategies
Washington Mutual’s management team drove the achievements of 2000 by consistently implementing our financial strategies in support of shareholder value.
 30 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000
   Brought to you by Global Reports

  These strategies are to:
• Reduce interest rate risk by remixing the balance sheet with assets offering higher margins and by diversifying revenues.
• Effectively deploy capital through asset growth, selective acquisitions and share repurchases to consistently produce a 20 percent ROCE.
• Maintain above-average credit quality by actively managing credit risk.
• Further improve operating efficiency.
Reduce interest rate risk
Management is committed to reducing Washington Mutual’s short-term sensitivity to movements in interest rates over time by increasing the percentage of nonresidential loans such as consumer, specialty mortgage finance and commercial loans retained in our portfolio. Not only are these generally higher margin loans, they typically reprice faster than traditional residential mortgages, thereby making the company less suscep- tible to movements in short-term interest rates. Reflecting our cautious approach to remixing the balance sheet and the slowing economy in 2000, these higher margin loans represented 21 percent of total loans and mortgage-backed securities at year end, up slightly from 18 percent at the end of 1999.
Also as part of our effort to reduce interest rate risk, we continue to make good progress in increasing noninterest income derived from retail banking fees, securities and insurance fees and commissions, loan servicing, and gains that result from the
sale of mortgages. In 2000, we increased all these sources of noninterest income.
Our strategy of leveraging checking account relationships by cross-selling value-added products and services led to a 28 percent increase in depositor and other retail banking fees. Securities fees and commissions increased 17 percent as a result of increased penetration of our customer base. Meanwhile, income from servicing activities and gains on the sale of loans and securities increased 95 percent. In all, noninterest income accounted for 32 percent of total income in 2000, compared with 25 percent in 1999.
Effectively deploy capital, consistent with a 20 percent ROCE
We have three major alternatives for deploying the significant amount of capital Washington Mutual generates from operations: asset growth, acquisitions, and share repurchases. The preferred alternative for deploying capital will depend on where we are in the interest rate cycle and the price of Washington Mutual common stock at any given time. In the first half of 2000, we made the strategic decision to reduce our balance sheet by selling $12.90 billion of seasoned mortgage loans. This freed up capital to enable us to accelerate the repurchase of our stock, which we believe
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000 31
Brought to you by Global Reports

  provided a superior alternative for capital deployment at the then-current stock price levels. In total for the year, we repurchased 35 million shares at an average price of $24.95 per share. With the appreciation in our stock price in the second half of the year, our focus turned to balance sheet growth and acquisitions.
Our criteria for acquisitions are four-fold: to be accretive to earnings per share within a reasonable period of time; to be consistent with our business strategies; to present no undue operational risk; and to pose little material risk to our asset quality. In 2000, we announced two significant acquisitions that met all of these criteria. The first was the acquisition of Bank United Corp., which, as previously noted, provides Washington Mutual with an improved position in consumer banking in the attractive Texas market and strengthens and expands our specialty finance business nationally. The second
was the acquisition of the residential mortgage business of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., adding scale in a scale-required business, and strengthening our market positions in several key Midwest and East Coast states. Both acquisitions were com- pleted in early first quarter 2001.
We continued to reinvest in our business by launching Occasio (Latin for “favorable opportunity”), our revolutionary concept for delivering financial products and services to consumers and small businesses. In 2000, we opened 16 of the new stores in Las Vegas. Consumers in that market tell us they love the new concept and financially, these stores are outpacing expectations. We plan to expand Occasio into Phoenix, Arizona, in 2001 and other markets thereafter. In addition, we will test new ideas and introduce the best concepts from Occasio into our existing retail stores.
Also in 2000, we invested in expansion of Washington Mutual’s presence online. In June, we launched an innovative suite of financial services Web sites at www.invest1to1.com. The sites provide online financial planning, stock trading and research, and investment information for our mutual fund family, the WM Group of Funds, and also educational tools, online applications and instant quotes for our insurance subsidiary. We also significantly upgraded our mortgage lending site, wamumortgage.com, which experienced a 300 percent increase in traffic soon after- ward. All of the sites can be reached through their individual addresses or through Washington Mutual’s corporate Web site www.wamu.com.
Late in 2000, we launched a pilot stage of our OptisTM automated mortgage origina- tion platform, which puts the best of today’s technology in the hands of consumers, Realtors and brokers. The technology automates 80 percent of the steps in the mort- gage process, making it easy and fast for our customers to work with us.
Maintain above-average credit quality
The economy clearly slowed as we entered 2001, and that trend suggests even greater diligence will be required to maintain credit quality. We adhere to underwriting stan- dards that help place the company among the industry leaders in overall credit quality.
 32 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000
Brought to you by Global Reports

   Our senior credit officers and their teams are experienced and knowledgeable in their specific businesses and are committed to keeping a watchful eye on the loans
we originate. This, coupled with the strength of our existing loan portfolio, still largely made up of low-risk residential mortgages, places Washington Mutual in an excellent position to weather downturns in the economy. As we add higher-yielding, and there- fore higher-risk, nonresidential loans to our portfolio, we intend to increase loan loss provisions accordingly.
Further improve efficiency
As is true in many businesses, scale drives efficiency, and Washington Mutual has added significant scale through acquisitions and internal growth in recent years. As
a result, today we are one of the most efficient companies among the nation’s largest financial institutions. However, people and systems also drive efficiency, and our company is committed to improving our operating efficiency even further with these important assets.
We continue to drive efficiency through e-commerce and internal technology and process enhancements. One such example is wamu.net, a digital infrastructure that will soon connect every one of our more than 30,000 employees nationwide through a common interface. Not only will wamu.net serve as a very powerful communications tool, over time we intend to leverage the network to fulfill virtually all current and future work processes online and in real-time. This will significantly reduce errors that result from paper handoffs in manual processes, which, in turn, will improve internal efficiency.
Business Strategies
Washington Mutual’s business strategies are designed to drive growth in the “top line,” as well as the “bottom line,” by extending and expanding our market penetration and leading franchise positions, and continuing to diversify revenues. These business strate- gies support our financial strategies to reduce interest rate risk and improve operating efficiency. While each business unit has its specific strategies for growth, the following three strategies reflect Washington Mutual’s overall corporate priorities:
• Increase household penetration through new locations, growth in accounts and loans, cross-selling of products and services, and delivery of superior service.
• Expand in all categories of loan originations.
• Emphasize growth of fee-based businesses through internal growth and accretive acquisitions.
        WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000 33
Brought to you by Global Reports

  Increase household penetration
Consumers throughout the country are coming to know Washington Mutual as a bank that takes a different approach to serving their needs. Whether it is as simple as not charging unreasonable fees for things such as talking to our tellers, or adding California to the list of states where we do not impose an ATM surcharge to noncustomers, more people prefer Washington Mutual’s approach to doing business over that of our com- petitors. We believe in building customer loyalty for life through innovations in our approach, offering a broad line of value-added products and services, making it con- venient for our customers to choose where and how they do business with us – whether on land or online – and striving to achieve the best customer service in our industry.
We are growing our consumer franchise by increasing new accounts in both existing and new locations. In 2000, we grew net new checking accounts by more than 514,000. Once we open a new account, our strategy is to cross-sell loans and value-added, fee- based products that meet the needs of our customers and leverage our broad product portfolio. By the end of 2000, the average consumer banking household at Washington Mutual maintained 4.6 products or services with the company. Our goal is to bring this average to 5.0.
Grow total loan originations
Washington Mutual maintained strong residential mortgage originations, bucking the national trend, and significantly increased nonresidential lending in 2000. Residential mortgage loan volume remained relatively constant for the year, while the volume of higher-margin, nonresidential loans such as consumer, specialty mortgage finance and commercial loans increased 46 percent.
Increasingly in the future, scale will determine the successful handful of players in the mortgage industry – scale both in terms of origination and servicing capacity – and we intend to be one of those players. As previously noted, the acquisition of the residential mortgage business of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. significantly enhances implementation of this strategy by immediately adding scale. To illustrate: had Washington Mutual, PNC’s residential mortgage business and Bank United Corp. been combined for 2000, we would have been the nation’s second-largest residential mortgage loan originator and the fourth-largest loan servicer.
Our mortgage strategy combines the strengths of a traditional mortgage banker – one who sells most of the loans they originate in the secondary market – with those of a portfolio lender – one who originates and retains those loans. This strategy is composed of three income-producing components that together should drive a more
 34 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000
Brought to you by Global Reports

  consistent revenue stream through changing interest rate cycles. The components are: 1) spread income from loans held in portfolio; 2) noninterest income generated from gain on the sale of current production, as well as loans that are seasoned in the port- folio for a period of time and eventually sold as whole loans or securities; and 3) fee income from loan servicing. As with Washington Mutual’s other fee-based businesses, noninterest income from the gain on the sale of loans and securities and loan servicing activities should grow over time and represent a larger, sustainable component of our mortgage business, especially at times when mortgage spread income is under pressure.
In 2000, we made excellent progress toward our goal of increasing loan volume in the higher-margin categories previously noted. In addition, the acquisition of Bank United Corp. provides a platform for further expansion of our national presence in specialty lending, which includes several higher-margin commercial niche businesses, including energy and senior housing. Bank United’s management depth in these areas will be a significant asset as Washington Mutual gradually builds these businesses over time.
Emphasize fee-based business to grow noninterest income
Expanding Washington Mutual’s fee-based businesses is an important part of our strategy to reduce interest rate risk and our reliance on net interest income. This diversification of revenues into a greater percentage of fee-based products and services will mitigate our sensitivity to fluctuations in the economy and improve the consistency of earnings growth over time. Washington Mutual’s fee-based business, as represented by total noninterest income, grew 31 percent in 2000.
This type of income should continue to grow as we continue to expand our checking account base and emphasize cross-sales; build our financial services business, which includes a full-service broker/dealer and proprietary mutual fund management; and successfully implement our mortgage strategy. In addition to internal growth, we will look for acquisitions that will accelerate our expansion in these areas and that also meet our criteria.
CONTINUED STRONG OPERATING PERFORMANCE
Net Interest Income
The largest component of Washington Mutual’s total income is net interest income. In 2000, net interest income totaled $4.31 billion, down 3 percent from $4.45 billion in 1999. The spread in 2000 was 2.25 percent, compared with 2.48 percent in 1999, while the net interest margin in 2000 was 2.38 percent, compared with 2.63 percent in 1999.
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000 35
Brought to you by Global Reports

  The decline in the net interest spread and margin was primarily due to a series of increases in short-term interest rates in 1999 and early 2000. These increases were
felt immediately in the form of higher rates Washington Mutual paid on deposits and borrowings. At the same time, the vast majority of the company’s loans – adjustable- rate mortgages – repriced gradually, creating a “lag effect.” It is for the purpose of reducing this lag effect that Washington Mutual has as one of its priorities to increase the percentage of nonresidential loans, which reprice immediately with changes in short- term interest rates.
Noninterest Income
Noninterest income primarily includes depositor and other retail banking fees, securi- ties and insurance fees and commissions, loan servicing and loan-related income and gains on the sale of loans and mortgage-backed securities. In 2000, noninterest income increased 31 percent to $1.98 billion, compared with $1.51 billion in 1999. This increase was driven mostly by a 28 percent increase in depositor and other retail banking fees and ongoing gains on the sale of loans.
Importantly, noninterest income represented 32 percent of total income in 2000,
up from 25 percent in 1999, evidence of our ongoing success in reducing our reliance on net interest income. Equally important, noninterest income growth far exceeded increases in noninterest expense, which totaled $3.13 billion in 2000, up 7 percent from $2.91 billion in 1999. This improvement reflects our strategy to improve our efficiency and leverage our revenue growth.
COMMUNITY COMMITMENT
Washington Mutual has a proud history of strong commitment to its communities. In 2000, our employees volunteered a total of nearly 175,000 hours to schools, affordable housing organizations and other community partners in our market areas. And, we exceeded our 2000 targets for lending in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and underserved market areas in the second year of our $120 billion, ten-year commit- ment in loans and investments. Washington Mutual also provided direct financial support to nonprofit organizations, and the company is proud to report that in 2000 it gave more than $41 million in grants, sponsorships and in-kind services and equipment to make a difference in our communities.
 36 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000
Brought to you by Global Reports

  LOOKING AHEAD
Washington Mutual has begun 2001 with favorable underlying fundamentals. Our assumptions are, first, that we will integrate both the Bank United Corp. and PNC resi- dential mortgage acquisitions by the fall of 2001. Second, we expect to fully deploy our capital through a combination of asset growth and, to a more limited extent than in 2000, share repurchases. We will also continue to evaluate acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial criteria. Third, we expect noninterest income growth to continue to outpace increases in noninterest expense. Finally, we will strive to maintain relatively stable asset quality, noting that a slowing economy and a resulting increase in non- performing assets may require an appropriate increase in loan loss provisions.
That said, Washington Mutual continues its quest to build a world-class company
and national brand franchise. We continue to commit to consistently meet or exceed our financial targets, grow the number of households served, expand market share
in key profitable product areas, deliver a higher level of service than our competitors and adhere to our corporate values. By achieving these goals, we believe that Washington Mutual will continue to deliver superior long-term value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2001
  WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2000 37
Brought to you by Global Reports
