To Our Shareholders
Our success in continuing to grow our business in 2006 was based first and foremost on remaining focused
on our customers.
As I reflect on 2006, I see a very challenging year in which we were not able to make as much progress as we planned toward achieving the financial targets in our five-year strategic plan. But I also see a year in which I am proud of
all we did accomplish. We continued to successfully grow our company and delivered solid results, despite a very challenging interest rate and operating environment. We also developed several strategic initiatives which should position WaMu for even stronger performance going forward.
Our success in continuing to grow our business in 2006 was based first and foremost on remaining focused on our customers. Whenever we give our customers great value, such as our innovative WaMu Free CheckingTM product launched in March, we experience tremendous growth. And when we give them excellent service and make it easier to get the products and services they want, whether online, by telephone or in person at one of our innovative retail banking stores, they turn to WaMu for more and more of the financial services they need.
Speaking to more than 5,000 of WaMu’s leaders at our annual management meeting in Seattle earlier this year,
I summed up the key to WaMu’s success over the years in
a few, simple concepts: always doing what is right for our customers, being innovators, watching our expenses very carefully and working very hard – just rolling up our sleeves and getting the job done. This is exactly what we did in 2006. Our talented, motivated, “can do” team worked hard and accomplished all of the key initiatives we undertook during the year. In 2006, we ran faster and worked harder to accomplish the goals we set for ourselves.
WaMu
Today, we are very well positioned on a number of fronts. We have built a great franchise with a powerful distribution network. We’re located in high population markets with excellent long-term growth characteristics. We have a diversified mix of businesses. WaMu is financially strong. And we have a track record of delivering excellent share- holder returns – delivering a compounded return of 20 percent per year since we went public in 1983.
Highlights for 2006
For the year, we reported net income of $3.56 billion, or $3.64 per diluted share, compared with net income of $3.43 billion, or $3.73 per diluted share in 2005. Our board of directors elected once again to raise the cash dividend on our common stock in each quarter during the year.
In 2006, a difficult operating environment characterized by rising short-term interest rates, a flat-to-inverted yield curve, declining credit spreads and a weakening housing market had a negative impact on the year’s results. At the same time, we saw some terrific growth initiatives, innovation and record-setting performances as we continued to grow our consumer and small business banking franchise.
James Corcoran joined WaMu’s executive team early in the year to lead our retail banking operations. Under his smart, energetic leadership, we continued to attract a record number of new households and achieved record new account growth.
During the year, we added a record 848,000 net new retail households and the introduction of our innovative WaMu Free CheckingTM product in March contributed to
Global Reports LLC

the opening of a record 1.23 million net new checking accounts – far exceeding our stated goal of one million accounts. The addition of credit cards to our product lineup strengthened our ability to attract new customers and deepen our relationships with existing ones. We added over three million new credit card accounts. And over one million of our new cardholders were existing WaMu bank customers.
Our industry-leading Internet technology and initiatives such as our online WaMu Free CheckingTM account, which allows customers to open a new checking account instantly online without paper, enhanced our ability to attract new households and contributed significantly to the growth
in new checking accounts.
We also expanded our products and services designed especially for small businesses. We made our home loan products more accessible to customers who come into our retail stores. And we leveraged our existing multi-family lending footprint and efficient service delivery model to expand our commercial lending business.
In 2006, we also took significant and decisive actions to enhance our operating cost structure, reposition our balance sheet, diversify our capital base and otherwise position the company for even stronger financial performance going forward.
We decided to sell our retail mutual fund asset management company, which allowed us to significantly accelerate our productivity and efficiency initiatives. We completed the sale just prior to year-end, which resulted in an after-tax gain of $415 million.
We made some very difficult but necessary changes to scale our home loans business appropriately for the current environment, streamline our operations, get our costs in line and manage our risks going forward.
We sold $2.53 billion of mortgage servicing rights, representing approximately 25 percent of our mortgage servicing portfolio. The sale included substantially all of our government loan servicing and a portion of our conforming, fixed-rate servicing portfolio.
In October, Commercial Capital Bancorp, a multi-family and small commercial real estate lender, was added to the WaMu family.
We made the decision late in the fourth quarter to sell $17.8 billion of lower-yielding, medium-term adjustable rate home loans, which should improve our 2007 net interest margin.
To be more capital efficient and to ultimately reduce our cost of funds, we took steps to diversify our funding sources. This included reducing Federal Home Loan Bank advances and increasing brokered consumer deposits, hybrid capital instruments and foreign currency denominated borrowings.
We opened 144 new stores in 2006, while increasing our focus on optimizing performance in our existing stores. We also consolidated 83 stores into existing locations, primarily in areas unlikely to meet our growth targets based on market potential.
We continued to focus on managing our expenses and implementing our outsourcing initiatives.
We also continued to deliver value to our shareholders, repurchasing over 67 million common shares and increasing our cash dividend each quarter during the year.
As I see it, 2006 may have been a challenging year for WaMu, but it was a year in which we did many great things. We remained true to our culture and values. We continued to focus on our customers and execute on our strategic plan, taking advantage of several opportunities to position the company for stronger performance going into 2007.
 A $10,000 investment in 1983 is now worth more than $760,000.
$760,704
WaMu
$221,394
S&P 500 Financials
$172,239
S&P 500
 1983 2006
Assumes an initial investment of $10,000 at 3/31/83 when
WaMu went public and reinvestment of dividends through 12/31/06. Source: Standard & Poor’s
   2006 Annual Report and Form 10-K

Performance on Our Five-Year Plan
As I have said over the years in this letter, I’m a big believer in having five-year plans. Since I became CEO, WaMu has successfully executed three such plans and just completed the second year of the current five-year plan. Our current plan is designed to position us for substantial growth, to achieve top quartile financial performance and to achieve superior returns for our shareholders.
The financial targets we set include achieving double- digit earnings per share growth and a return on average common equity in the upper teens. Another target is to reduce our efficiency ratio – the ratio of operating expenses to total revenues – to below 50 percent. Next is for our nonperforming assets to average less than 1 percent of total assets over the five-year period. And our final target is to keep our tangible equity above 5.5 percent of tangible assets.
I think we are making good progress towards reaching our targets, but that progress is being masked somewhat by the challenging interest rate environment. Rising short-term interest rates, a flat-to-inverted yield curve and falling credit spreads have made it more difficult for us to achieve our financial targets.
For the two years, our return on average common equity averaged just over 14 percent and we achieved an average of 6 percent earnings per share growth. Our nonperforming assets ratio, at 80 basis points at the end of 2006, is still below our target of averaging less than 1 percent over the five-year period. Our efficiency ratio was 60.75 percent
in 2006, which is significantly above our long-term target. Finally, we ended the year with a tangible equity ratio of 6.04 percent, well ahead of our target.
I remain confident that we will achieve the key targets in our current five-year plan, particularly as the effects of the
previous Federal Reserve interest rate increases diminish and the yield curve and credit spreads gradually return to more historic norms. I remain confident that successful execution of this plan can produce superior returns for our shareholders.
Looking Forward to 2007
Our outlook for 2007 reflects the strategic actions we took in 2006 to prepare the company for the future. Those decisive actions have positioned us well to deliver stronger operating performance in 2007.
We will stay focused on our customers and deepen our relationships with them. We will continue to develop innovative new products and will strive to deliver out- standing service every time we interact with them – when they call, click or stop by to see us. Our brand proposition of “simpler banking and more smiles” is a powerful brand position that focuses on finding better ways to serve our customers in the simplest and easiest way possible.
Most forecasters are predicting a slowing economy in 2007. They similarly forecast a slowing housing market. Due to its sensitivity to changing economic conditions, the subprime portion of the mortgage market in particular is expected to be under pressure. This environment will likely result in rising credit costs. But this environment could also result in lower short-term interest rates, which could help our net interest margin. So we expect the environment in 2007 to be challenging, with some areas improving and some areas becoming more difficult.
Our Retail Banking, Card Services and Commercial businesses are expected to do well in the environment forecasted for 2007. We expect to experience strong customer growth, double-digit retail banking fee income and managed card receivable growth and an increasing net interest margin.
Our Home Loans business is expected to be the most challenged in the forecasted environment. This business
is cyclical, as reflected in their very strong performance
in 2002 through 2005 when housing market conditions were favorable. But deteriorating housing market conditions caused 2006 financial performance to decline and we expect 2007 to be similarly challenged. However, we took a series of prudent actions in 2006 to improve our cost structure
and reduce our risks going forward. We expect these actions to have a positive impact on our performance in 2007.
 Five-Year Targets: 2005–2009
Target
Results
Average for 2005–2006:
Return on average common equity
High teens
14.22%
Earnings per share growth
Double digit
6.00%
Nonperforming assets/total assets
<1.00%
0.61%
Efficiency ratio
<50.00%
60.75%1
Tangible equity/total tangible assets
>5.50%
6.04%2
1 Based on continuing operations for the year ended 12/31/06 2 At 12/31/06
 WaMu
Global Reports LLC

Furthermore, we will look for opportunities to increase our market position as many competitors retrench or go out of business due to difficult market conditions.
For example, we launched our innovative WaMu Mortgage PlusTM product just this month. It combines the power of a home mortgage with the flexibility of a built-in equity line of credit and allows customers to reset their interest rate without going through the costly refinance process. Based on our initial customer research, we believe this product has the potential to set a new standard in the mortgage industry.
We have focused a lot of attention on reducing our expenses in recent years. And while we will continue to be attentive to costs and managing our resources effectively, we will concentrate on driving more revenue from those expenses and investing in the future growth of our business. We will be even more focused on attracting new customers, gaining market share from our competitors, improving product profitability and earning more fees. This will be vital to reducing our efficiency ratio over time.
We will continue to be disciplined when we consider acquisitions. Over the years, we have added significant shareholder value by buying strategically important companies at prices that met our stringent return on investment criteria. Our acquisitions of Providian Financial in 2005 and Commercial Capital Bancorp in 2006 are good examples of such acquisitions. We will continue to search for acquisitions, but they must fit strategically, present no major intergration issues or significant credit or capital risks, and achieve our return on investment and earnings accretion criteria.
We continue to believe that share repurchases at current prices provide an excellent return on investment for our shareholders. We weigh this alternative against other uses of capital, such as growing our balance sheet or making acquisitions. Early this year, we executed an accelerated share repurchase agreement to buy back about 60 million shares of our common stock at an initial cost of $2.7 billion.
Finally, our culture, our employees and our relation- ships with our customers give WaMu a unique competitive advantage. We will go to great lengths in 2007 to ensure we remain unique and true to WaMu’s heritage and the values that have driven our success.
Community
Helping to build strong, vibrant communities wherever we do business is integral to WaMu’s long-term strategy. One of the many ways we do this is by investing in nonprofit organizations that share our goals. WaMu grants millions
of dollars each year to support K-12 education, financial education, affordable housing and community development.
2006 marked the fifth year of our 10-year, $375 billion lending and investment commitment in support of
low- to moderate-income communities. Since announcing our commitment in 2002, WaMu has achieved 92 percent of our 10-year goal by providing $343 billion in funding.
But it is our employees who are the heart of our community commitment. Last year, dedicated and caring WaMulians provided more than 150,000 hours of service toward making our communities stronger. I invite you to read more about our community involvement programs in our 2006 Community Annual Report.
I would like to thank each and every WaMulian for their tremendous leadership and contributions to our success
in 2006. I’m convinced that WaMu has always attracted the smartest, most dedicated and fearless people in the industry. For over 100 years, WaMu employees have demonstrated what it really takes to be part of a winning team – vision, laser-like focus, courage, a deep and genuine sense of humility, and an unwavering commitment to doing the right thing. It’s rooted in our unique culture. It’s what makes us WaMu.
I’d also like to thank our extended WaMu family – our customers, shareholders and the communities in which we do business – for embracing WaMu and contributing their support to our success.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman and CEO March 2007
  2006 Annual Report and Form 10-K
