 Five-Year Financial Targets
2000–2004
Return on average common stockholders’ equity (average) Earnings per share growth (CAGR)
Earnings per share growth (average of annual growth rates) Efficiency ratio (average)
Nonperforming assets / total assets*
Tangible common equity / total tangible assets* Estimated total risk-based capital / risk weighted assets*
Targets
> 20.00% > 13.00% > 13.00% < 45.00% < 1.00% > 5.00% > 11.00%
Results
19.32% 9.09% 11.74% 52.36% 0.58% 5.05% 11.34%
*At 12/31/04
To Our Shareholders
In my letter to you last year, I announced record earnings of $3.9 billion, or $4.21 per diluted share, which reflected very
low interest rates and a record national home-lending market. While 2003 was a very strong year for the company, our operat- ing environment began to change in the second half of that year with a significant slowdown in the mortgage market. The resulting reduction in volume placed pressure on our mortgage banking operations. Looking ahead, I told you that 2004 would be a transition year for us.
During 2004, we earned $2.9 billion, or $3.26 per diluted share. I am not pleased with this level of performance because
I know the company is capable of so much more. In 2004, with mortgage rates staying above the historical low levels reached during 2003, mortgage volumes declined at a time when our cost containment efforts had not yet fully been implemented. In trying to satisfy the tremendous customer demand brought on by the back-to-back refinance booms of recent years, we did not fully integrate the operations and technologies of the mortgage banking businesses we acquired. But, I am pleased to tell you that much work has been accomplished.
Another factor that had an impact on our financial results
in 2004 was the performance of our mortgage servicing rights (MSR) and associated hedges that produced an unacceptable level of earnings volatility. We have adjusted our MSR hedge profile so that we are now better positioned to manage volatility going forward.
While we had our challenges in 2004, I am pleased that
we have continued to expand our key businesses nationally
and enhance the value of our leading franchise. We achieved double-digit growth in our mortgage, home equity and multi- family portfolios while maintaining strong credit quality. We also grew both the number of transaction accounts and depositor and other retail banking fees by 10 percent. These are among the primary drivers of our business that have positioned us
well for 2005. In addition, our Board of Directors raised the cash dividend on the common stock in each successive quarter during the year.
Throughout the year, we made steady and measurable progress across all key business segments:
We built on the success of our Retail Banking business. In 2004, we opened 250 new stores, the majority of which were in our newer markets of Chicago, the New York metropolitan area and Tampa. As we continued to attract new households and acquire new customers, we improved our cross-sell ratio with existing customers. We also increased our focus on small businesses with a family of new products and services that includes Free Business Checking.
We adjusted our expansion strategy to focus on the untapped potential in our current markets. Having created
a viable branch presence in many of the largest metropolitan markets over the past decade, we are now focused on reaching more of the middle-market consumers in those markets where we already have a presence. As compared to our branching strategy over the last decade, this focus on our existing markets carries lower execution risk because it enables us to leverage both existing infrastructure and brand awareness and is concen- trated in markets with above-average household growth and below-average branch density.
We made steady progress in turning around our mortgage banking business. We took positive steps during 2004 to improve the performance of our mortgage banking operations. We closed 100 home loan centers in markets where we had
no retail banking presence. While these centers represented
24 percent of offices in the retail mortgage network, by number, they accounted for only 5 percent of our retail home loan volume. We consolidated 58 mortgage banking loan fulfillment centers into 34 remaining centers and reduced staffing levels at those remaining locations. We also transitioned to a single servicing platform for home loans. Although more work remains to be done, we ended 2004 with a more efficient and scalable business that should perform well over future cycles and help us remain an industry leader through lower costs, higher efficiencies and the right geographic footprint.
2 / Washington Mutual 2004 Summary Annual Report

 Cumulative Value of a $10,000 Investment
Assumes an initial investment of $10,000 on 3/31/83 and reinvestment of dividends through 12/31/04.
Washington Mutual
Standard and Poor’s Financials Index Standard and Poor’s 500 Index
$644,109
$174,448
$141,781
                                           84 86 88 90 92 94 96 98 00 02 04
Source: Standard & Poor’s
We sharpened the focus of our Commercial Group by exiting non-core businesses. During the year we closed our commercial banking business that provided services to mid- to large-size companies because that business was no longer aligned with the company’s strategic objectives. Our efforts are now focused on products and services which best serve our customers as
we execute on our strategy of increasing market share in select metropolitan markets.
We continued to effectively manage credit risk. We are dedicated to maintaining sound credit quality. Our decision to exit the large corporate and mid-size commercial lending busi- ness further reduced the company’s exposure to default from
a single large borrower—or a small group of borrowers within a particular industry. We also continue to improve the credit modeling and scoring tools used in our home equity, mortgage, small business and multi-family lending business to produce more consistent credit quality.
We attacked costs throughout the company. Aided by our Operational Excellence initiatives, we achieved our target of holding 2004 noninterest expense essentially flat with 2003 while opening 250 new retail banking stores. We believe that in order to achieve our long-term financial targets, we must be ever diligent with our expense management and focus on productivity improvement. All of our business segments worked successfully in 2004 to reduce expenses. The most notable contribution
was from our Mortgage Banking segment, where noninterest expense declined 15 percent from the previous year. A signifi- cant portion of that improvement came from reduced staffing levels and marked productivity improvements. And, while we are pleased with our efforts to date, a significant opportunity remains to further improve efficiencies within our mortgage banking operations.
We have come a long way since we first set out to create a unique national franchise. I am a strong believer in setting goals and targets. As we just completed our latest five-year plan, let’s take a look at what we accomplished.
When we entered the 2000 to 2004 period, I told you that we had the potential to create a unique financial services fran- chise. We had just completed a series of major retail banking acquisitions in the California market, one right after another, which increased our size eightfold. We successfully integrated all of these acquisitions and created significant value for our shareholders.
Using that as a building block, we saw the potential to
turn our regional franchise into a national franchise. So we set out on the most ambitious new store and new market expan- sion program in the history of banking. During this period, we developed and launched our award-winning and innovative retail banking stores that serve customers in an open, free-flowing retail environment. We also began to leverage the opportunity we saw to create a national player in multi-family lending. And we made a series of mortgage banking acquisitions that allowed us to build a national mortgage business. This strategy, while requiring us to take on significant challenges, resulted in what
I believe to be our most important accomplishment of the past five years — a strong, national franchise that cannot easily be replicated.
So how did we do against our five-year plan? Our average return on common equity for this period was very close to our 20 percent target. Our credit quality, measured in terms of non- performing assets as a percentage of total assets, was clearly better than our target of less than 1 percent. Our tangible common equity and total risk-based capital ratios both ended the period above target. But other targets turned out to be more challenging.
Our greatest challenge over the last five years has been our efficiency ratio, which we targeted to be less than 45 percent. When we first set that goal back in 1999, it was a reasonable target. But then we made a series of mortgage banking acquisi- tions. Because mortgage banking tends to operate at an efficiency ratio that exceeds that of retail banking and we did not fully integrate the mortgage banking operations, we didn’t meet our target. Completing the mortgage integrations, reducing expenses and improving productivity are top priorities
Washington Mutual 2004 Summary Annual Report / 3

for the company because we know that an industry leader must be a leader in efficiency.
For most of the past five years, our compound annual growth in earnings per share was ahead of the 13 percent target. Last year’s underperformance brought that measurement down to around 9 percent. However, the average earnings per share growth over this period was just under 12 percent.
What is ahead in the next five years? Our new strategic plan sets ambitious but achievable targets: a return on common equity in the high teens; double-digit growth in earnings per share over the cycle; an efficiency ratio averaging less than
50 percent over the next five years, trending toward 45 percent by the end of the cycle; and a tangible common equity to total tangible assets ratio of greater than 5 percent. All the while, we expect to keep our nonperforming assets to total assets ratio below our one percent target.
How will we get there? We will continue to grow the retail banking franchise. We will increase our cross-sell ratio each year and aggressively expand our customer base with new products and bold marketing. We will generate strong growth in new retail banking households, retail checking and savings accounts, and small business accounts.
In the Commercial Group, we will leverage our national leadership in multi-family lending and extend our commercial real estate lending activities in strategic markets where we think there is significant growth opportunity. The Commercial Group complements our retail strategy by offering real estate based assets with higher margins, enabling cross-selling of our banking products and leveraging the brand and synergies across all business lines.
We will complete the turnaround in our mortgage banking business, expecting it to produce substantially better returns, with less variability, over the cycle. We are aligning our mortgage business more closely with the core strategies and competitive advantages that people have traditionally associated with Washington Mutual. We start with strengths that shouldn’t be overlooked. We have product expertise, balance sheet strength and a solid market position in each of our distribution channels.
We will achieve top-tier productivity in all of our business lines while continuing to effectively manage risk and maintain good credit quality. We will draw on our strengths in customer research to stay in touch with what matters to our customers, and we’ll continually improve our ability to deliver. Through Operational Excellence, an initiative that has become both a core competency and a mindset, we are finding ways to link gains in efficiency, which support the low prices our customers value, with the gains in service and convenience they deserve.
In addition to having the right five-year plan, we have the right people to execute it. We have a talented and commit- ted leadership team. And more importantly, we have more than 52,000 dedicated employees who bring our unique style of banking to customers every day. We strengthened our team in January 2005, when Steve Rotella joined us in the newly created position of President and Chief Operating Officer. Steve comes to us from JPMorgan Chase, where he was a member of its executive committee and CEO of Chase Home Finance. It is our good fortune to have found a talented executive with strong
operational skills who shares our strategic vision and values and is perfectly suited to accelerating our progress across all lines of business.
As always, our underlying focus is on creating long-term value for shareholders. And we are proud of our record. Washington Mutual continues to deliver a superior total return on a three-, five-, ten- and twenty-year basis, consistently out- performing the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 and S&P Financials Indexes. An initial $10,000 investment in our common stock at the time Washington Mutual went public in 1983 would have grown to $644,109, including reinvested dividends, at the end of 2004. The same investment in the S&P 500 and the S&P Financials Indexes would have been worth $141,781 and $174,448.
We are committed to making a difference in our communities.
Washington Mutual has always dedicated time and resources to being a good corporate citizen, and we always will. As we grow, we want the communities in which we live and work to flourish, too.
We support the causes that are close to our employees’ hearts by offering each employee up to four hours of paid time off each month to participate in the volunteer activities
of their choice. In 2004, our employees volunteered more than 187,000 hours to schools, affordable housing organizations and other community partners. Washington Mutual contributes a percentage of its profits to our communities in the form of grants, sponsorships, in-kind services and other support. We also continued to make significant progress toward fulfilling our ten-year, $375 billion community commitment announced in 2001. At the end of the year, we had exceeded our yearly targets for lending in low- to moderate-income neighborhoods and underserved market areas.
I can’t think of a time in the history of the company when it has been clearer that we are strongest when we move forward together toward a common purpose. With a five-year strategic plan that aligns the full power of all our business groups and a culture that champions each individual in the company as integral to our success, I have never been more excited or optimistic about Washington Mutual’s future. My thanks to our customers, employees and shareholders who share my belief that our best days are ahead of us.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2005
  4 / Washington Mutual 2004 Summary Annual Report
