                                           TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Washington Mutual produced another year of excellent financial performance in the face of a more challeng- ing economy in 2002. The company established new records for total loan volume, checking account and deposit growth and depositor and other retail bank- ing fees — all primary drivers of our business. These exceptional results produced record earnings of
$3.9 billion, or $4.05 a share on a diluted basis.
Our results were especially gratifying because they extended a decade-long period of extraordinary growth for our company. During that time we grew from a small, Northwest-based thrift into one of the largest financial services companies in the nation. More importantly, we delivered a superior return to our shareholders as we grew. Through year-end 2002, the total compounded return on Washington Mutual stock, including the reinvestment of dividends, com- fortably exceeded that of the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index on a one-, three-, five-, and ten-year basis.
This year marks our 20th anniversary as a publicly traded company. I recall our first annual meeting of shareholders when a concerned investor asked why our stock hadn’t performed as well over the past year as another Seattle-based savings institution, which at the time was financially shaky, but being promoted as a “hot” investment. (The other institution, by the way, declared bankruptcy within two years, leaving investors with nothing.) We responded that our man- agement team could not take responsibility for short- term fluctuations in our stock price, but we would take full responsibility for building a profitable com- pany and delivering shareholder value over time.
Over the ensuing 20 years, we successfully managed our company through a variety of market conditions and challenges and, at times, modified our strategies to adapt to these changes or take advantage of opportunities. But our underlying focus to create superior value for shareholders over the long term has remained. And our investors have been rewarded. An initial $10,000 investment in our common stock at the time Washington Mutual went public in 1983 would have grown to $486,335 (including reinvested dividends) by year-end 2002. This compares with a total of only $99,365 had the same $10,000 invest- ment been made in the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index.
As we enter 2003, we are prepared to take the next steps in our evolution to become the nation’s leading retailer of consumer financial services. Consequently, this is an excellent time to review who we are, what we have accomplished, where we are going, and why we believe we are in an excellent position to continue to drive value to shareholders, customers, employees and our communities alike.
WHO WE ARE
What do we mean when we say that Washington Mutual seeks to become the nation’s leading retailer of consumer financial services? This strategy is rooted in our conviction that building multiple relationships with middle market households in
the United States is an excellent way to generate increasingly stable, high quality earnings growth.
 
                                          The middle market has traditionally been under- served and continues to feel unappreciated by our primary competitors — large commercial banks. As a result, we are building a nationwide company geared to delivering the combination of great value and friendly, efficient service to middle market customers across the country.
Moving forward, our efforts will be centered on:
1. Expanding market share: We’ve built a national platform primarily through a series of successful acquisitions over the past decade. We are now well positioned to generate the majority of our new growth internally by capturing additional market share in our existing markets and selectively over- laying our retail banking operations in one or two new metropolitan areas annually. We already have achieved 30 percent or higher market share of con- sumer banking households in 12 of the nation’s top 50 metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) and believe a 30 percent share is an achievable target in all of our markets over the long term.
2. Increasing cross-selling opportunities: Because
our principal lines of business are focused on middle market consumers, we have an exceptional opportu- nity to cross sell our complete line of financial prod- ucts and services. We’ve demonstrated our ability to sell more products and services to our single-service mortgage households in markets where we have established a retail banking presence. We plan to take advantage of this strength by accelerating cross- selling efforts in 2003 and beyond.
3. Building a national brand: We’ve made excellent progress in building a powerful and — increasingly — national brand. This warm, likable, good-humored brand, rooted in years of research, is a reflection
of who we are. It is distinct in our industry, and it resonates with our broad middle market target.
4. Maintaining capital strength: We are committed
to sustaining a strong balance sheet and effectively deploying capital to facilitate asset growth as well
as to take advantage of opportunistic repurchase of our common stock and acquisitions that meet our criteria. Our philosophy is to deploy capital while maintaining the ratio of tangible capital to total assets above 5 percent.
5. Exercising disciplined risk management: We have established disciplined processes and approaches to managing risk across the company and are committed to making them even stronger. In recent years, we have demonstrated our ability to integrate multiple acquisitions while managing credit quality through a variety of environments. Similarly, we believe we are well positioned to effectively manage our mortgage servicing asset in all interest rate cycles.
6. Retaining talented employees: Finally, the talent and dedication of more than 50,000 employees pulling together to do the right thing for our cus- tomers, shareholders and communities is our most powerful competitive advantage. We are committed to building the next generation of leaders of Washington Mutual by giving our people oppor- tunities to grow professionally and providing world-class development programs.
2002 RESULTS
As I previously noted, the company’s earnings in 2002 were a record at nearly $4 billion. On a diluted per-share basis this equated to $4.05, an increase of 13 percent from the previous year. Management is particularly proud of this result considering the exceptional 52 percent growth in earnings per share produced by our talented employees in 2001.
Reflecting this strong financial performance, our Board of Directors increased the cash dividend on the common stock in each successive quarter during the year. The dividend of 29 cents declared in January 2003, which reflected our fourth quarter 2002 financial performance, marked the 30th consec- utive quarter in which the board elected to raise the cash dividend. These steady incremental increases, which have played an important role in our ability to drive superior total shareholder returns, are reflec- tive of our consistently strong financial performance over the long term.
Net interest income — the largest component of total income — totaled $8.34 billion for the year, an increase of 21 percent from 2001. Most of this increase was attributable to expansion of the net interest margin, which increased 16 basis points during the year, and an increase of $32.3 billion in
 
                                          average earning assets during 2002, mainly from the acquisition of Dime Bancorp, Inc.
Loan volume for the year was a record $306.1 billion, up 75 percent from 2001. Our efforts to build a lead- ing national home lending presence in recent years paid off, enabling Washington Mutual to take better advantage of what was the largest refinancing boom in American history. Home loan lending volume totaled $274.7 million, compared with the previous year’s $155.1 billion. Likewise, our team produced record results in home equity and multi-family lend- ing which collectively increased 98 percent over the previous year’s figure. We also ended the year as one of the nation’s leading originators of multi-family loans.
Total deposits grew 45 percent in 2002 from $107.2 billion to $155.5 billion, fueled by strong internal growth of retail checking accounts and the acquisi- tion of Dime. Checking accounts grew by a record 1.4 million on a net basis in 2002, bringing total checking accounts to 7.3 million. The increase in checking accounts also drove record depositor and other retail banking fees of $1.63 billion, an increase of 27 percent from the year before.
We continued to profitably build our franchise and grow the business by opening 266 retail banking stores during the year. Of this total, 143 were de novo stores opened throughout the country, while the remaining 123 were acquired from Dime in the Greater New York metropolitan area — a market that we believe offers a tremendous growth opportunity for the company. Reflecting this belief, we put mar- keting resources behind our New York retail banking launch commensurate with entering the nation’s largest metropolitan market. By year end, checking account growth at the acquired Dime stores had increased by 33 percent, on an annualized basis, and we had firmly established ourselves as New York’s No. 2 most recognized banking brand.
Like any year, however, 2002 had its challenges. The unprecedented refinancing boom stressed customer service levels at certain points during the year, as did the introduction of new technology and the integra- tion of the companies we had acquired. We recog- nized these challenges and moved swiftly to correct the problems, because a central premise of our value
proposition is based on customer service. As a result, I am pleased to report that service levels did improve and the integrations were successfully completed. In fact, the Dime acquisition and account conversion was one of the most successful in the company’s history.
The national economy proved more challenging
than in previous years as well. However, in a year in which most banks across the nation faced continued, significant credit challenges, nonperforming assets at our company were in line with management’s expectations. At year end, nonperforming assets as
a percentage of total assets were 0.97 percent.
In addition, I am pleased to report that Washington Mutual ended the year in a strong financial position with stockholders equity of $20.13 billion, or 7.5 per- cent of total assets of $268.3 billion.
A GREAT PLACE TO WORK
Washington Mutual continued to be recognized as a great place to work in 2002, reflecting the importance we place on our single most important asset — our employees. We were one of only nine companies nationally to be named in Fortune magazine’s lists
of “100 Best Companies to Work For,” “50 Best Companies for Minorities,” and “Most Admired Companies.”
In addition, we continued to develop the next group of leaders who will manage the company’s future growth. Late in the year, we opened Cedarbrook,
our state-of-the-art, world-class leadership center, where managers from all over the company can come together to learn, communicate, and sustain our unique brand, culture and values. In addition to offer- ing courses and programs that develop Washington Mutual–specific leadership skills, Cedarbrook brings teams together to work on important initiatives to enhance the company’s performance.
Finally, I visited with more than 25,000 of our employees throughout the nation, explaining the unique opportunity our company has before us.
Our employees are an incredible, energetic team, and I came away from my visits even more confident in our ability to build the nation’s leading retailer of consumer financial services.
 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 2002
2 I 3

                                          BEING A GOOD NEIGHBOR
Our team is committed to making our communities better places to live and work.
We are well on our way to fulfilling our ten-year, $375 billion lending commitment made last year in support of low- to moderate-income communities. And while financial commitments are important to our communities, so is the time volunteered by our employees. This year, our employees volunteered a total of 200,000 hours to schools, affordable housing organizations and other community partners.
As a result, our employees’ volunteer efforts and commitment to our communities were recognized with one of the highest community service awards in the country — the “Points of Light Award for Excellence in Corporate Community Service.”
From painting houses to tutoring in classrooms to supporting local events in their neighborhoods, our employees continually demonstrate their commit- ment to being leaders in our communities and mak- ing them better places to live and work.
DOING BUSINESS THE RIGHT WAY
Simply put, the past two years were terrible for most American businesses. The downward spiral was, in part, the direct result of unethical and, at times, illegal behavior by a few of the nation’s largest companies.
Our management team is committed to employing nothing short of the highest ethical standards in everything we do — an expectation we hold for every Washington Mutual employee.
As part of this commitment, we are meticulous in our efforts to follow appropriate accounting and financial reporting standards and constantly review the com- pany’s financial disclosures. In short, we want investors to have a clear picture of our business and the financial results it drives. That is why in January, we adopted the prospective method of accounting for the expensing of employee stock options beginning in 2003. As a matter of practice, we have consistently and fully disclosed the potential financial impact of our stock-based compensation programs in previous
public disclosures, but concluded it is appropriate to include these expenses in our earnings per share calculations going forward.
LOOKING FORWARD
Washington Mutual made substantial strides in its evolution to become the nation’s leading retailer of consumer financial services in 2002 and we intend to continue the momentum that we’ve built in our business.
Our plans call for further profitable expansion of our national franchise, focused primarily on internal growth. This growth will come as a result of continu- ing to build brand awareness nationally; overlaying our retail banking model in select markets where we have a strong, well-established presence in home lending; growing profitable customer relationships through accelerated cross-selling efforts; and consis- tently delivering efficient, friendly service to the middle market consumer. These expansion efforts will be complemented by improved productivity, prudent expense management and the continuation of disciplined risk management practices.
It’s an exciting challenge every day for all of us at Washington Mutual to build the nation’s leading — and we believe, the absolute best — true retailer of consumer financial services for the broad middle market. I am extremely proud of our 2002 achieve- ments, and I am as positive today as ever about the future of Washington Mutual and what we are build- ing for our customers, our shareholders, our employ- ees and our communities.
I want to thank all of our employees and you, our shareholders, for your support as we pursue this exciting vision.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2003
 4 I 5
WASHINGTON MUTUAL 2002
 