8

Alliance Boots Annual Review 2008/09

Executive Chairman's statement
I am pleased to report that Alliance Boots continued to perform well in 2008/09, despite the increasingly challenging business environment. This reflects the underlying strength of our two core business activities, the continuing importance of health and wellbeing to both individuals and governments and, most importantly, the benefits we are realising from transforming our Group. Delivering accelerated performance In 2008/09 our Group has again reported strong growth in revenue, EBITDA and trading profit, while at the same time benefiting from historically low interest rates. This, together with tight management of working capital, has resulted in a healthy operating cash flow. We continue to invest in developing our pharmacy-led health and beauty customer offering and on expanding the scope of our pharmaceutical wholesaling activities, all of which is focused on driving future growth. There remains a great deal of potential to unlock value from our leading brands and market positions. In our Health & Beauty Division we delivered double digit growth in trading profit, despite the difficult retail environments in all the countries in which we operate. We attribute this success to the passion and commitment of our people. This has enabled us to deliver excellent customer care, execute our comprehensive business transformation programme, carry out a major store investment programme and develop exciting new products. In 2008/09 our Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division experienced the most difficult market conditions I have seen. This was due to significant regulatory changes in a number of countries, tough competition in part due to currency movements and evolving ways in which prescription medicines are supplied to pharmacies. Alliance Healthcare is at the forefront of adapting its business model to better meet the needs of governments, pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmacy customers. This, together with acquisitions and tight cost controls, enabled the Division to increase its trading profit year on year, albeit

Welcome to the second Annual Review of Alliance Boots as a privately owned healthcare company. This, together with the Consolidated Financial Statements which we have simultaneously published, provides you with a comprehensive review of the Group's activities and financial results for the year ended 31 March 2009.

Alliance Boots continues to perform well in what is an increasingly challenging business environment. This reflects the underlying strength of our two core business activities, the continuing importance of health and wellbeing to both individuals and governments and the benefits we are realising from transforming our Group.

Executive Chairman's statement

9

We are on track to become the world's leading pharmacy-led health and beauty group with the strength, ability and drive to deliver for our customers, our people, and the communities in which we operate.

at a lower rate than has historically been the case. A Division-wide business improvement programme to further adapt our wholesale businesses to meet the changing expectations of customers and payors is now well underway, the full benefits of which will be realised over the next two years. We have a strong track record of delivering cost savings. I am pleased to report that in January 2009 we reached our initial £100 million pre tax cost saving target set when the merger of Alliance UniChem and Boots Group was first announced. This milestone was achieved 18 months ahead of schedule, with significant further savings still to be made. Corporate development As I reported last year, we have expanded and broadened the scope of our corporate development activities to progress opportunities open to us. During 2008/09 key acquisitions were Megapharm, a specialised German distributor of oncology products, and Depolabo, a leading provider of pharmaceutical pre-wholesale and contract logistics services in France. Since the year end, we have completed the merger of Boots Opticians with Dollond & Aitchison to create the second largest optical chain in the UK.

Wholesale & Commercial Affairs Director. Ornella Barra continues to be responsible for the development of commercial affairs across the Group. In addition to myself, the Board now comprises five executive Directors, three Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) appointed Directors and four non-executive Directors. In April 2009 an executive committee, with responsibility for the day to day management of the Group, replaced the Group operating committee. The new committee, chaired by myself, comprises the executive Directors and two Directors representing KKR. Corporate social responsibility We remain as committed as ever to maintaining our long tradition of excellence in corporate social responsibility, both in terms of performance and reporting. We have a comprehensive programme of activity which is in line with our core values and supports our objective of building a sustainable world-leading group. To supplement the section in this review, as in previous years, we will publish our more detailed 2008/09 Corporate Social Responsibility Report in September. Our people Our people across the Group have worked very hard this year and again delivered more than many commentators and observers thought possible. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their excellent work and commitment. We understand the key challenges that lie ahead and have the people and skills in our organisation to meet them. As a private company, over 100 senior managers across the Group participate in our management equity plan which is designed to enable them, as investors, to share in the future financial success of the Group through an investment of personal capital. Foundation for future success The current economic times are such that we are facing the most difficult consumer and wholesale market conditions in recent

memory. We are as focused as ever on meeting our financial targets, through concentrating our energies even more aggressively on continuing to grow and transform our businesses, making them more efficient and making them more responsive to customers' evolving needs. At the same time we continue to seek new opportunities for value-enhancing corporate transactions.

This is a great Group, with great brands and market leading positions.
Since our year end, Alliance Boots has continued to perform well, reflecting the underlying strength of our two core business activities, the markets in which we operate and the further benefits we are generating through transforming the Group. As a result we remain confident about our prospects for the year ahead. The Group's financial position remains strong, reflecting a continuing focus on profit generation and working capital management, combined with secure long term funding arrangements. We have a strong cash flow and in addition are benefiting from historically low interest rates. As I have said on many occasions, this is a great Group with great brands and market leading positions in attractive markets. We are fully committed to the development and growth of Alliance Boots and believe that we are on track to become the world's leading pharmacy-led health and beauty group with the strength, ability and drive to deliver for our customers, our people, and the communities in which we operate - whoever and wherever they may be.

Despite the challenging economic environment, we have again achieved strong growth in revenue, EBITDA and trading profit.
Board and corporate governance In January 2009, Alex Gourlay was appointed to the Board on becoming Chief Executive of our Health & Beauty Division, having previously been Managing Director of Boots UK. At the same time, Ornella Barra, a Board member since the creation of Alliance Boots, became Chief Executive of our Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division, having previously been

Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman 15 May 2009

