4#04'#5

6#!32'4#&'0+,`1122#+#,2
**',!#--21'15#**.*!#"2- play a major role in the global development of our industry over the coming years.
team skilled in acquiring and integrating businesses and in managing our finances. In all cases, we have well defined performance measures and strong financial disciplines. We remain focused on becoming the world's leading pharmacy-led health and beauty group. In recent years, we have significantly expanded our international presence and now operate, together with our associates and joint ventures, in more than 25 countries. At the same time, we have made substantial capital investments, particularly in our Boots stores and supporting infrastructure. As a result, we have a strong platform for continuing growth in our core businesses and on which to build our next phase of development, focused on further international expansion. Health & Beauty Division The Health & Beauty Division delivered a good overall performance in the context of regulatory pressures, which particularly impacted dispensing profitability in the UK, and difficult retail markets. The results outside the UK were particularly notable, achieved through opening new stores and expanding product sales in key markets such as the US. This success is due to the hard work and commitment of our people under the leadership of Alex Gourlay and his management team. Together they have ensured that customers are at the heart of our businesses, while further developing our customer offer with a focus on product innovation and value, as well as executing a comprehensive business efficiency programme and introducing new pharmacy services. Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division The Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division has continued to grow rapidly, achieving strong year on year revenue and profit growth despite challenging market conditions in many countries. This continued delivery demonstrates the strength and ability of Ornella Barra and her management team to successfully complete the integration of acquisitions made during the previous year, while at the same time maintaining a continued focus on customer service, exploiting evolving market opportunities and delivering further cost savings.

Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman

Introduction I am pleased to report that Alliance Boots continues to perform very well. In 2011/12 Alliance Boots has again delivered double digit growth in trading profit while at the same time generating a strong operating cash flow to fund investment in growth and substantially reduce net borrowings. This performance, which has been achieved through a combination of organic growth and benefits from the previous year's acquisitions, is particularly encouraging given the challenging economic environment. Our impressive financial record since Alliance Boots was formed in 2006 stems from our clear vision, divisional and business teams with strong operational know-how who put customers at the heart of all we do, combined with a corporate

Trading profit
(including share of trading profit of associates and joint ventures) £million

+88%
in last five years

836 693
06/07* * Pro forma.
06

929

1,042

1,176

1,300

07/08*

08/09

09/10

10/11

11/12

Alliance Boots | Annual Report 2011/12

4#04'#5

31',#110#4'#5

Governance

-,1-*'"2#" financial statements

Additional information

The executive team From left to right: #-0%#
'05#2&#0 Group Finance Director Alex Gourlay Chief Executive, Health & Beauty Division Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman Ornella Barra Chief Executive, Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division Marco Pagni Group Legal Counsel & Chief Administrative Officer

Expanding our presence in emerging markets While integrating the sizeable businesses acquired in 2010/11, we have further increased our direct ownership of Hedef Alliance, based in Turkey, from 70% to 80% and ANZAG, our German business, purchased a further 20% of the equity of Farmexpert in Romania bringing its ownership to 80%. In addition, Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation, our joint venture in China, made several acquisitions during the year to strengthen its position in key regional provinces. Internationalising our product brands We continue to make good progress to internationalise our product brands, creating a third dimension to our long term growth plans. We are rapidly increasing sales of key brands, such as No7, in countries where we do not have a retail presence. In addition, we have extended our collaboration with Procter & Gamble to sell the Boots Laboratories beauty range to independent pharmacies. This range is now available across five European countries, including Germany, the largest market in Europe. All of this expansion is being achieved through excellent cross-divisional teamwork. -0.-02#1-!'*0#1.-,1' '*'27 We remain as committed as ever to maintaining our long tradition of excellence in corporate social responsibility, both in terms of performance and reporting. Our activities, which are in line with our core values, support our objective of building a sustainable world-leading group and making healthcare even more accessible to the communities we serve.

The new pan-European partnership which we have established with the EORTC Charitable Trust, to raise funds for a Biobank for colorectal cancer, is a further step in our commitment to support people affected by cancer and complements our ongoing collaboration with Macmillan Cancer Support in the UK. As in previous years, we will publish our detailed Corporate Social Responsibility Report in September, which, as last year, will include an independent assurance report issued by KPMG. Our people On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our people across the Group for their dedication and excellent work throughout the year. Some of our colleagues demonstrated remarkable commitment in the face of extreme adversity, for example in overcoming the floods in Thailand and the earthquake in Turkey. Their efforts, along with those of our colleagues elsewhere in the world, have enabled us to achieve a strong financial performance while at the same time delivering consistently high levels of customer and patient services. Outlook In the coming year, we expect the economic environment to remain difficult with continuing pressure on both consumer and governmental expenditure. This will generate both challenges and new opportunities for us. We are confident about our future prospects and ability to pursue profitable growth, both organically and through further international expansion. This will be supported by our strong operating cash flow and secure funding arrangements, which will enable us to continue

to invest while at the same time reducing net borrowings. The development of new and existing partnerships will be a key component of our future growth. Our mission is to become the world's leading pharmacy-led health and beauty group. In a world where globalisation is increasing at pace across many business sectors, I believe that we have the brands, intellectual capital and management expertise to play a major role in the global development of our industry in the coming years. Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman 11 May 2012

Alliance Boots | Annual Report 2011/12

07

