Executive Chairman's statement
At the time of our last results announcement as
a UK quoted public company, our then Chairman,
Sir Nigel Rudd, spoke both of the success of the
merger between Alliance UniChem and Boots
completed at the end of July 2006 and of the
potential for the Group going forward. In this, my
first report to you as Chairman, I find myself a year
later with a similar message to deliver. Before I do,
on behalf of everyone at Alliance Boots I would
like to take this opportunity to thank Sir Nigel Rudd
together with Richard Baker and Scott Wheway,
who both decided to leave the Group when it was
taken private, for their significant contributions
to Boots Group and to Alliance Boots during their
time with us.
Alliance Boots has produced an excellent set of
financial results in what is our first full financial
year since the merger, which includes nine
months of trading as a private company.
It is a testament to the strength of the Group
formed by the merger that, despite another
significant change from being a publicly owned
listed company to being privately owned, we
have continued to provide ever improving service
to our customers. The benefits from the change
of ownership, in terms of the opportunity to
reallocate and refocus management time on
key areas of the Group, have allowed us to
significantly accelerate many areas of the
integration programme, to step up the rate
of product development and to instigate
efficiencies in areas that would have been
very difficult for us as a listed company.
These have been key factors in the significant
improvement in our financial performance.
Now, almost two years after the merger, we are
increasingly seeing the real potential for the
Group being realised, but we are still at an early
stage and have a great deal to do and a great
deal of potential to unlock.
Refocusing on our businesses
As a listed company, the higher up the organisation
the greater percentage of management time that
is needed to be spent in ever increasing reporting
and information demands, not just from
actual investors but market regulators and
market commentators.
Since the Group transferred to private ownership
in June 2007, a primary task for us has been to
restructure our senior management team to place
a much closer top level focus on the operations
of our two Divisions. I became Executive Chairman
of the Group with the executive members of a
newly established Group operating committee
all reporting directly to me. In our Health & Beauty
Division we appointed Steve Duncan as Executive
Chairman and Alex Gourlay as UK Managing
Director to lead the accelerated integration
of our two UK pharmacy-led health and beauty
businesses. Ornella Barra, Wholesale & Commercial
Affairs Director has continued to lead our
Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division. George
Fairweather has continued as Group Finance
Director and Marco Pagni, our Group Legal
Counsel, also became Chief Administrative Officer.
The other executives on our Group operating
committee are Stephen Lehane, who is responsible
for human resources and corporate affairs,
and Ken Murphy, who heads up our business
transformation programme. This team, together
with Dominic Murphy and Mattia Caprioli from
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR), forms our Group
operating committee.
Delivering accelerated performance
After the merger was completed we took pride in
the fact that we managed such a major transition
while maintaining our focus on delivering great
service to our customers. I am pleased to report
that this excellent start to life for Alliance Boots
has continued through the first stages of our
restructuring under private ownership, with our
success in enhancing our operational performance
being reflected in a strong financial performance
by the Group.
The roots of this strong performance can be
seen in the performance of both our Divisions.
Our Health & Beauty Division has delivered
good revenue growth while at the same time
substantially increasing its trading margin.
Our Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division has also
performed well in what were particularly difficult
market conditions in many countries. Once again
this demonstrates the value of having a wide
geographical spread of businesses.
As ever, a common feature of the year has been
regulatory changes in a number of our markets
as governments try and contain rising healthcare
expenditure. It is a testament to the skills of our
people and the strength of our business model
that we continue each year to be able to cope with
these demands and deliver good profit growth.
In addition to this strong operating performance,
our new ownership has allowed us to spend more
time on the future expansion of our Group. We
have expanded and broadened the scope of our
corporate development activities as we see many
opportunities opening to us in this area. I am
confident that private ownership will afford us
the ability to accelerate our activities in the future.
Corporate governance
Our Annual Review and Consolidated Financial
Statements have been published by Alliance Boots
GmbH, a new Group holding company which
we recently established in Switzerland. We have
chosen to locate the overall stewardship and
governance of the Group in Switzerland as we
believe it enhances the position of Alliance Boots
as a leading international pharmacy-led health
and beauty group alongside a number of the
world’s leading pharmaceutical manufacturers.
In addition to myself, the Board now comprises
four executive Directors (Ornella Barra, Steve
Duncan, George Fairweather and Marco Pagni),
three KKR Directors (Dominic Murphy, Mattia
Caprioli and Sergio D’Angelo) and four recently
appointed non-executive Directors (Chris Britton,
Tony De Nunzio, Etienne Jornod and Nick Land).
The principal Board committees are the audit
committee, remuneration committee and social
responsibilities committee.
Corporate social responsibility
We are committed to maintaining our tradition
of excellence in corporate social responsibility,
both in terms of performance and reporting.
In addition to the section in this review we will
publish a separate 2007/08 Corporate Social
Responsibility Report in September 2008. This
report will be significantly more comprehensive
in terms of reported measures than we were able
to collate and publish in the first year following
our merger.
Our people
We understand the many challenges that lie ahead
and have the people and skills in our organisation
to meet these challenges.
Over 100 senior managers across the Group were
invited to participate in a management equity plan
which is designed to enable them, as investors, to
share in the future financial success of the Group
through an investment of personal capital. In total,
they invested £9 million of capital.
All our people have worked hard this year and
delivered far more than many commentators and
observers thought possible. On behalf of the Board
I would like to take this opportunity to thank them
for their excellent work and commitment.
Foundation for future success
Since our year end, the Group has continued to
perform well, reflecting the underlying strength of
our two core business activities and the markets in
which we operate. We remain confident about our
prospects for the year ahead, despite the weaker
outlook for overall consumer spending in the UK,
as the benefits of refocusing our management
efforts continue to enhance the performance
of our businesses.
Looking further ahead, the pressures on Alliance
Boots will not change. We must continue to
focus on meeting our customers’ and payors’
rising expectations while at the same time
increasing efficiency.
The new ownership structure of Alliance Boots
gives us greater flexibility and agility to accelerate
business improvement programmes and capitalise
on new opportunities.
This is a great Group, with great brands and market
leading positions in attractive markets. We are
committed to the development and growth
of Alliance Boots and believe that we are on an
evolution that will truly create the world’s leading
pharmacy-led health and beauty group with
the strength, ability and drive to deliver for our
customers, our people, and the communities
in which we operate – whoever and wherever
they may be.
Stefano Pessina
Executive Chairman