10

Alliance Boots Annual Review 2009/10

Welcome to the third Annual Review of Alliance Boots as a privately owned healthcare company. This, together with the Consolidated Financial Statements which we have simultaneously published, provides you with a comprehensive review of the Group's activities and financial results for the year ended 31 March 2010. I am pleased to report that Alliance Boots continues to perform strongly, delivering a double digit growth in trading profit combined with a robust cash flow. This performance is particularly good given the challenging economic conditions we faced throughout the year. Our success continues to reflect the strength of our two core business activities, the markets in which we operate and the benefits we are generating through investment and through further developing and transforming the Group. Delivering accelerated performance In 2009/10 the Group has again reported strong growth in revenue, EBITDA and trading profit, while at the same time benefiting from historically low interest rates. We continue to invest in developing our pharmacy-led health and beauty customer offering and on expanding the scope of our pharmaceutical wholesaling activities, all of which is focused on driving future growth. In our Health & Beauty Division we delivered good growth in trading profit, despite difficult retail markets and regulatory pressures impacting dispensing profitability particularly in the UK. We attribute this success to the passion and commitment of our people. This has enabled us to deliver excellent customer care, execute our comprehensive business transformation programme, carry out a major store investment programme and develop and launch exciting new products. In our Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division, while market conditions continued to be difficult, we delivered double digit growth in trading profit, which was outstanding. This was achieved through a combination of organic growth, initial benefits from the business

Alliance Boots continues to perform strongly, delivering a double digit growth in trading profit combined with a robust cash flow. This performance is particularly good given the challenging economic conditions we faced throughout the year.



Executive Chairman's statement

11

We are increasingly establishing strategic partnerships with leading businesses to accelerate our development.

improvement programme announced a year ago and the full year impact of acquisitions in the previous year. Alliance Healthcare continues to be at the forefront of adapting its business model to meet the needs of governments, pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmacy customers. The Division-wide business improvement programme is now close to completion, the full benefits of which will be largely seen in 2010/11. Corporate development We continue to progress opportunities to enter new geographical markets and to expand our presence in existing markets through acquisition. During 2009/10 we successfully merged Boots Opticians with Dollond & Aitchison, creating the second largest optical chain in the UK. The integration of the two businesses is progressing well, building on the strength of the Boots brand. Our product brand strategy is now evolving at a pace, both in terms of product development and the internationalisation of our brands, which will give our Group a third dimension to generate long term growth. We are increasingly establishing strategic partnerships with leading businesses to accelerate our development. These include Waitrose to operate Boots branded in-store pharmacies and trial selling selective product ranges in each other's stores, Mothercare to supply a new children's clothing brand for Boots, and Procter & Gamble to distribute and promote the Boots Laboratories' skincare product range in Italy. Board and corporate governance In July 2009, Andy Hornby was appointed to the Board as Group Chief Executive. He has a wealth of retail and marketing experience which complements our existing skills and expertise. Steve Duncan retired from our Board in January 2010 after 35 years of service, of which nearly seven were as a Group Director, latterly as Executive Chairman of our Health & Beauty Division. Steve made a huge contribution to the development of the Group and we are pleased that we are continuing to benefit from his expertise as an advisor.

I would also like to thank our executive Directors, who form a talented, dedicated and focused team who work closely together to drive the performance and future development of the Group. In addition to myself, the Board comprises five executive Directors, three Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) appointed Directors and four non-executive Directors. In April 2009, an executive committee with responsibility for the day to day management of the Group replaced the Group operating committee. The committee, chaired by myself, comprises the executive Directors and two Directors representing KKR. Corporate social responsibility We remain as committed as ever to maintaining our long tradition of excellence in corporate social responsibility, both in terms of performance and reporting. We have a comprehensive programme of activity which is in line with our core values and supports our objective of building a sustainable worldleading group. As in previous years, we will publish our detailed Corporate Social Responsibility Report in September. Our people Our people across the Group have again worked very hard throughout the year, enabling us to achieve a strong financial performance while at the same time delivering consistently high levels of customer service. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their excellent work and commitment. We understand the key challenges that lie ahead and have the people and skills in our organisation to meet them. As a private company, over 100 senior managers across the Group participate in our management equity plan which is designed to enable them, as investors, to share in the future financial success of the Group through an investment of personal capital.

Foundation for further success The current economic times are such that we still face difficult consumer and wholesale market conditions. We are as focused as ever on meeting our financial targets, through concentrating our energies even more aggressively on continuing to grow and transform our businesses, making them more efficient and making them more responsive to customers' evolving needs. At the same time we continue to seek new opportunities for value-enhancing corporate transactions. Although we are planning for consumer demand across Europe to remain subdued, we are confident about our prospects for the year ahead. The Group's financial position remains strong, reflecting an ongoing focus on profit generation and working capital management, combined with secure long term funding arrangements. We have a strong cash flow and continue to benefit from historically low interest rates. Alliance Boots is a unique Group, with market leading positions and outstanding potential. Our name, `Alliance', reflects our belief in the benefits of partnerships to develop and grow Alliance Boots. We are fully committed to our development and growth and as a healthcare company we are, more than ever, dedicated to delivering the best for our customers, our people, and the communities we serve. Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman 13 May 2010

