Overview

Business review

Governance

Consolidated financial statements

Additional information

A unique Group with outstanding potential
Introduction Welcome to the fourth annual report of Alliance Boots as a privately owned healthcare company. This provides you with a comprehensive review of our Group's activities and financial results for the year ended 31 March 2011.
I am pleased to report that Alliance Boots continues to perform strongly, delivering a double digit growth in trading profit while at the same time generating a very strong operating cash flow and substantially reducing net borrowings. This performance, which has been achieved through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions, demonstrates the strength of the Group and is particularly encouraging given that the global economy remains fragile. In 2010/11 we have made great progress across the Group to accelerate our growth plans, including acquiring controlling interests in both Hedef Alliance and ANZAG, our Turkish and German associates. In recent years we have made substantial capital investments, particularly in our Boots stores and supporting infrastructure. As a result, we have a strong platform for continuing growth in our core businesses and on which to build our next phase of growth, focused on international expansion. All of this could not have been achieved without the dedication of our people. Their efforts throughout the year enabled us to achieve a strong financial performance while at the same time delivering consistently high levels of customer service. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their excellent work and continued support. We seek to grow through a combination of organic performance and acquisitions, the balance of which varies year to year. In 2010/11, we have been particularly acquisitive. Our success comes from having a clear vision, divisional and business teams with strong operational skills who put customers at the heart of all we do, combined with a corporate team skilled in acquiring and integrating businesses and in managing our finances. In all cases we have well defined performance measures and strong financial disciplines. Health & Beauty Division The Health & Beauty Division delivered a good performance despite difficult retail markets and regulatory pressures impacting dispensing profitability. This success is due to the passion and commitment of our people under the leadership of Alex Gourlay and his management teams. Together they have ensured that we deliver excellent customer care while further developing our customer offer and executing our comprehensive business efficiency programme. &0+!#32'!*&-*#1*#'4'1'-, Strong revenue and profit growth in the Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division was achieved through a combination of organic growth and the two major acquisitions made during the year, the full year benefits of which we will see in 2011/12. Market conditions continued to be challenging for many of our businesses, mainly due to regulatory changes, competition and changes in the way prescription medicines are supplied to pharmacies. Russia was particularly difficult. Organic profit growth came primarily from Ornella Barra and her management teams adapting our business model to meet the evolving needs of governments, pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmacy customers, and from efficiencies from our ongoing business improvement programme. Growth through acquisitions In July 2010, we became the majority shareholder in Hedef Alliance, one of the largest pharmaceutical wholesalers in Turkey, and in December we acquired majority ownership of ANZAG, one of the largest wholesalers in Germany. Together these businesses, which were both formerly associates, add over £6 billion of revenue to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division on an annualised basis, making us the clear market leader in Europe. We also transferred ownership of a 51% stake in our Italian businesses to a company controlled by our ultimate shareholder, AB Acquisitions Holdings Limited. This was done because of the unique structure and financing of the Italian pharmaceutical wholesale market. Internationalising our product brands We are making good progress with internationalising our product brands, creating a third dimension to our long-term growth plans. During the year the Boots Laboratories skincare range was successfully launched in Italy in partnership with Procter & Gamble and in Spain and the range is now being sold in four European countries. This partnership combines Procter & Gamble's salesforce capacity and capabilities to distribute and promote the brand with the strength and heritage of the Boots

brand. We hope to develop this in the coming years and we are fully committed to further expanding our product brand presence in key markets across multiple continents. Corporate social responsibility We remain as committed as ever to maintaining our long tradition of excellence in corporate social responsibility, both in terms of performance and reporting. Our activities, which are in line with our core values, support our objective of building a sustainable worldleading group. As in previous years, we will publish our detailed Corporate Social Responsibility Report in September and we plan for the first time to include an independent assurance report issued by KPMG. Executive team Following Andy Hornby's decision to stand down from the Board in March 2011, our highly experienced executive team is continuing to manage our Divisions and corporate activities to drive future performance. Outlook Looking to the year ahead, we are planning for consumer demand to be subdued and expect governments to continue to seek ways to contain growth in healthcare expenditure. In spite of this, we are confident about our future prospects both in the short and longer term. This comes from having a clear strategy, the right values, strong financial disciplines and dedicated teams throughout the Group focused at all times on our customers. We are planning to continue to grow through a combination of organic growth, new partnerships and acquisitions while at the same time reducing net borrowings. We have a strong operating cash flow, secure long term funding arrangements and are continuing to benefit from relatively low interest rates. We are a unique Group with market leading positions and outstanding potential as a focused healthcare company. As I have said on many occasions, our name, "Alliance", reflects our belief in the benefits of partnerships in the development and growth of the Group. It also demonstrates our commitment to delivering the best for our customers, our people, and the communities we serve. This approach will be the cornerstone of our future success. 2#$,-#11', Executive Chairman 12 May 2011

Alliance Boots | Annual Report 2010/11

07

