  2009 AnnuAl RepoRt
Disciplined. Well Positioned. Taking Action.
1
  To our Shareholders, Employees, and Friends
Decisive Actions tAken in A tough economy
Starting in 2008 and throughout 2009, we faced deteriorating end-market conditions in most of the industries we serve. We took quick and decisive actions to respond to the challenge of declining revenues by shifting marketing and sales activities
to the areas of greatest potential and reducing costs
to protect profitability. Despite a 24% decline in our overall sales revenues last year, we delivered 3.9% operating margins, significantly better results than
the 2.3% operating margins experienced during the last economic downturn in 2002. We strengthened our capital structure, reduced our debt, increased our financial liquidity and generated record free cash flow. We also expanded our product and service offerings, opened new service locations in U.S. and international markets and added new customers in recently targeted market segments.
Our continued investments are helping to build positive momentum with our expanding customer base.
We established dedicated government and stimulus teams, supported by a centralized lead generation and qualification group, to proactively target govern- ment business and stimulus-funded projects earlier
in the construction project cycle. We opened nine new communications supply operations to geographically expand our data communications and security products business. We conducted green and sustainability summits in major cities across the U.S. to provide solutions for our customers’ energy-efficient building and data center needs. We invested in local markets which offer attractive share gain potential, such as Edmonton, Canada, and Houston, Texas, in support
of a “One WESCO saturation strategy” that more effectively combines our regional resources in selling to and servicing our customers. Finally, we maintained a 100% contract renewal rate with our national account customers for the third year in a row. Supported by our new operations in China, Australia and Africa,
we are shifting our national accounts programs to
a global accounts management approach to reflect the worldwide reach of our Fortune 1000 customers.
The final chapter of this economic downturn has
not yet been written, but we are entering 2010 a strong, capable and competitive company. WESCO will continue to invest in our customers, our sales and service capabilities, our suppliers and our personnel. We are very proud of the dedication, decisiveness and leadership demonstrated by all WESCO employees, and we truly believe that they are our differentiator and our source of value creation.
 MAnAgEMEnT TEAM (from left to right)
 John J. Engel
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Roy W. Haley
Executive Chairman of The Board of Directors

 2
 WESCO InTErnATIOnAl, InC
 chAirmAn’s upDAte
WESCO Evolution
2009 marked our ten-year anniversary as a public company and our fifteenth anniversary since becoming an independent business in 1994. We have deep roots in the electrical and industrial industry, and over the last fifteen years we have broadened WESCO’s served markets, expanded our geographic footprint, diversified and strengthened our supplier base, and increased the product and service offerings to our customers. I am confident that the next fifteen years offer even greater opportunities for WESCO’s “extra effort” professionals to strengthen and expand the company and provide value to our shareholders, customers, employees and suppliers.
Succession Plan
As described in my letter last year, our talent manage- ment and development process is continuing to
have a significant positive impact on the organization. We implemented our management succession plan in 2009 in which John Engel became our chief executive officer, Steve Van Oss became our chief operating officer, and richard Heyse joined the company as WESCO’s new chief financial officer.
The succession planning process has gone well, and I am confident that these changes will ensure WESCO’s continued success.
In Appreciation
Kenneth l. Way will retire from the WESCO Board of Directors in May 2010. Ken has served on the board since 1998, one year prior to the company’s initial public offering, and he has been an invaluable member over the last twelve years. During his tenure, Ken served as lead director, chairman of the compen- sation committee, and member of the nominating and governance and executive committees. On behalf
of the board of directors and the entire WESCO management team, we thank Ken for his outstanding leadership, dedication, counsel and good humor.
ceo’s outlook AnD 2010 plAns
I am honored to be given the opportunity to succeed roy Haley as WESCO’s chief executive officer, and
I am privileged to be working with WESCO’s talented and experienced board of directors. WESCO has become an industry leader in north America and has delivered significant value to shareholders, customers and employees under roy’s leadership over the last fifteen years. On behalf of all WESCO employees,
we thank roy for his outstanding leadership, and we are committed to carrying on his legacy of continuous improvement and consistent value creation.
Well Positioned for Significant Value Creation
Our expectation is for the overall economy to recover slowly over the next several years. Even though we expect a slow recovery, we see excellent potential for value creation in 2010 and beyond. WESCO is a larger, more diversified and financially stronger company than we were during the last downturn and recovery cycle. We have the resources and the operational capabilities to meet the applications and supply
chain needs of sophisticated customers and suppliers who are increasingly interested in developing stronger business relationships with larger companies. We also have the organizational expertise, track record
and capital structure needed to take advantage of acquisition growth opportunities that will likely develop.
Growth Strategy
Our goal has consistently been to grow at a rate greater than that of our industry through a combination of internally generated sales growth and a systematic program of accretive acquisitions. Our organic
growth strategy leverages our existing strengths
and focuses on initiatives to enhance our sales and customer service, develop new end markets, broaden our product and service offerings and expand our geographic footprint. In 2010, increased investment and additional emphasis are being placed on the following growth opportunities:

 n global account and integrated supply programs n Data communication and security products
n lighting systems and technologies
related to sustainability
n Engineering, procurement and construction firms
and construction contractors
n governmental agencies
n Healthcare and education institutions n Electric utilities and utility contractors n International expansion
To support our organic growth strategy and expand our ability to serve existing and new customers,
we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and will utilize lEAn continuous improvement initiatives on a company-wide basis to deliver customer satisfaction and operational excellence. We are
also increasingly extending our lEAn initiatives to customers to offer assistance in improving the efficiency and effectiveness of their operations and supply chains.
One WESCO
Acquisitions have been a key part of our growth strategy, having acquired thirty-two companies over the last fifteen years. We have generally retained
the well-known regional and local brand names and operating identities of these acquired companies. going forward, we’re increasing our efforts to operate as One WESCO, a fully integrated company utilizing our common information system capabilities, marketing and supplier management programs,
and improvement methodologies to facilitate growth opportunities. More comprehensive and coordinated selling activities will help ensure that customers are fully supported across our entire portfolio of products and services. Working more closely together as
the One WESCO Team will create more opportunities for all WESCO employees to distinguish themselves through increased sales results and improved customer-oriented service delivery.
2009 AnnuAl RepoRt
Disciplined. Well Positioned. Taking Action.
Talent and Organization
Our goal is to maintain and further develop a distinct competitive advantage through talent management and employee development. Our ability to attract, develop and retain diverse human capital is imperative to our future business success. We have increased our college recruiting efforts and established WESCO University to support expansion of our internal training and development programs. We are improving our workforce by investing in and developing our talent base as we strive to be recognized as the employer of choice in the industries we serve.
summAry
To our customers, thank you for your business and
the opportunity to serve you. You have our commitment that we will take time to understand your needs and expectations and do all that we can to provide value to your enterprise. To our employees, thank you for your continued dedication and extra effort. You have our pledge to provide an environment where you can grow and succeed and be part of a winning team that is focused on satisfying its customers. To our suppliers, thank you for your cooperation and continued support. We will combine our joint resources in providing industry-leading solutions for our customers. To our shareholders, thank you for your vote of confidence through your investments in WESCO. We’re in the
best shape we’ve ever been as a Company, and we are taking the necessary actions to manage our way through these challenging times and to enhance shareholder value.
   Roy W. Haley
Chairman of the Board of Directors
John J. Engel
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  3
