To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Business Partners
Record Results
2013 was a record year for WESCO in terms of sales, earnings per share, and free cash flow, but we are
not satisfied with these results. We are focused on increasing shareholder value by consistently delivering profitable organic growth while strengthening the portfolio through acquisitions. Last year, our core business did not grow, and as a result, we fell short of our overall expectations.
The successful integration of our 2012 acquisitions increased sales 14% to a record $7.5 billion. We expanded operating margins to 5.9%, increased earnings per share over 10% for the third consecutive year, and generated record free cash flow of over $300 million, well in excess of net income. The successful integration of EECOL Electric, the largest acquisition in our history, delivered $1.00 of diluted earnings per share accretion, in line with our commitment. Our capital structure remains strong as our financial leverage ratio steadily improved following the EECOL acquisition and is again within our 2.0x to 3.5x target range. We achieved the
#2 ranking on Barron’s 500 list in 2013, and are pleased to report that we generated a total shareholder return which exceeded that of our peer group.
Despite these accomplishments, we are not satisfied with the underlying performance of our core business. Re-establishing profitable growth in our core business is our top priority for 2014, through executing our One WESCO initiatives and investing in our business.
Executing One WESCO Growth Strategy
Our One WESCO growth strategy, launched five years ago, continues to strengthen our company. One WESCO integrates our products, services, and supplier relationships into comprehensive supply chain management solutions for our customers and their operations around the world. We are a customer-driven organization focused on serving three demand streams: MRO indirect products and services; OEM direct materials and value-added assemblies; and capital projects, both new construction as well as retrofits, renovations, and upgrades.
Scale, market share, and talent are what matter most in distribution. We are building scale and strengthening our franchise through investments in our people and in our business. Last year, we expanded our reach and enhanced our capabilities by:
n Adding over 200 hundred people to our Global Accounts, Integrated Supply, Utility and Safety businesses, as well as our Pricing and Supply Chain Management functions.
n Opening four new branches in the United States and Canada and our first branch in Ireland. As a result, we now have operations in 18 countries around the world and sell into more than two times that number.
n Opening our fourth hybrid distribution center in Canada, completing our distribution center footprint across the country.
2013 Annual Report | One World. One WESCO. 1
   
 2 WESCO International, Inc.
n Launching a new e-commerce platform with our OEM electronics business as the initial application.
n Integrating our recent acquisitions to strengthen our electrical core and add new product and service categories.
As a result of these increased investments, our One WESCO initiatives translated into a series of notable new customer wins and expanded relationships. Customers are responding favorably on our ability to serve their global needs, and we are positioning WESCO to do
even more. Half of the countries in which we operate today have been added within the last five years, and we anticipate further expansion as our customers continue to optimize their global supply chains.
WESCO is uniquely positioned to meet the increasing customer demands and deliver superior value in
our industry where the pace of outsourcing and consolidation is accelerating.
Strengthening Our Global Enterprise
Our nine acquisitions since 2010 had combined sales
of approximately $1.5 billion and contributed diluted earnings per share of over $1.50 in the first year of ownership. These acquisitions have expanded our global footprint, added new product and service offerings to our portfolio, and strengthened our industry position. The acquisitions of Brews Supply, Trydor, EECOL, and LaPrairie established WESCO as the leading electrical distributor in Canada and provided new and notable capabilities in the Canadian utility industry. Through organic growth and acquisitions, we have improved our global mix and effectively doubled our sales to customers outside the United States over the last five years to approximately 30% of total sales.
The wholesale distribution industry remains large
and very fragmented, and includes many small private competitors in our local and regional markets. By effectively using our capital structure and operating within our targeted financial leverage range, we will continue to play a consolidator role in our industry. The strong free cash flow generation characteristics
of our business during all parts of the economic cycle support our ongoing acquisition strategy.
Building a Culture of Safety, Sustainability, and Continuous Improvement
We are now in the second decade of our Lean continuous improvement journey. Lean is the foundation of our operational excellence strategy and is being applied both inside and outside our company. Internally, Lean includes a wide variety of productivity improvement initiatives for sales, operations, and administrative processes. Externally, we are applying Lean to the entire value chain, from our customers through to our suppliers, by using our industry-leading value creation program to assist customers in identifying and solving their supply chain challenges. The source of this Lean competitive advantage is our engaged workforce – customer-focused, process-driven, relentless in waste reduction, and empowered to lead positive change – who conducted over 2,000 kaizen events last year.
Sustainability is a strategic priority and a company-wide responsibility at WESCO. With deep roots in the electrical industry and a value proposition centered on Lean process improvements, we have been focused on improving energy management and increasing energy efficiency for many years. In 2013, we published our first Corporate Sustainability Report, demonstrating our commitment to consistently improving the sustainability of our operations, as well as those of our customers.
Over the past several years, we have improved our energy efficiency, increased recycling, reduced waste generation, and reduced both greenhouse gas intensity and emissions. Our Value Creation programs identify ways our customers can make improvements in their operations in the areas of lighting, energy management, renewable energy, water and waste mitigation, and green procurement.
Safety also is central to all that we do. Our goal is to provide a safe work environment for our employees and all those who visit our operations. We are pleased to report that our safety performance has consistently been better than industry benchmarks and has improved in each of the last three years.
Developing Talent for Long-Term Success
Wholesale distribution is a service industry, and having the best talent is a fundamental element of our success over the long term. We recognize that our people create a competitive differentiator and have focused our efforts on recruiting, retaining, and developing the best and

brightest talent. We are committed to being the employer of choice in the industries we serve.
In addition to stepping up the investments in our human resources function for the fourth year in a row, we have increased the number of training programs offered through WESCO University, accelerated our college recruiting efforts, expanded our mentoring program, and implemented a comprehensive Human Resources Information System. We also launched a Dignity and Respect campaign focused on strengthening our diversity culture by recognizing and valuing the differences in life experiences, communication styles, educational backgrounds, and other factors that influence an individual’s approach to life and work.
We continue to make solid progress in our overall diversity efforts and were recognized, once again, by the 2020 Women on Boards campaign.
We are confident that the investments we are making in our people will provide future capacity for profitable growth. Our people are our sustainable competitive advantage.
Building on Our Past, Creating Our Future
WESCO is vastly different today than it was two decades ago when we became an independent company after the spinout from Westinghouse. We’ve shifted the company from a pure play electrical distributor participating almost exclusively in the non-residential construction market to a diversified, global supply chain management company serving the industrial, construction, utility, and commercial/institution/government markets.
In our first decade, we completed 25 acquisitions and grew the company from $1.5 billion in sales at breakeven profitability in 1994 to $3.3 billion in sales and $0.65 diluted earnings per share in 2003.
In our second decade, we launched Lean, completed 16 acquisitions, diversified the portfolio, broadened our geographic footprint, built a series of industry-leading positions, and grew the company to $7.5 billion in sales and $4.82 diluted earnings per share in 2013. This last decade was marked by significant value creation where both sales and operating margins more than doubled, EPS grew more than seven times, and total shareholder return expanded at a 26% compound annual growth rate, well above the market and our performance peer group.
As we enter our third decade in 2014, WESCO is in excellent shape. We are a bigger, stronger, faster, and more global company with a talented team driving continuous improvement each and every day. We remain sharply focused on executing our One WESCO strategy while continuing to make investments in
our people, our processes, and our business. We are positioned to deliver a repeat performance in this next decade.
Our Commitments
WESCO is an industry-leading Fortune 500 enterprise with a strong portfolio of businesses and a high- performance continuous improvement culture. We are building scale and delivering strong results by taking advantage of the countless growth opportunities that exist in our large, fragmented end markets. As we navigate through a protracted economic recovery, we remain focused on what we can control: our strategy, our investments, and our execution.
To our customers, you drive us to meet our full potential. Our value proposition is founded on applying extra
effort in developing solutions to satisfy the complex challenges you face every day. Your problems are our opportunities, and we look forward to exceeding your expectations in 2014.
To our employees, you are the engine that drives WESCO. We value your work ethic, your value-creating ideas, your passion and commitment, and your relentless effort in providing superior customer service.
To our suppliers, who manufacture the broad range
of products and invest in our solutions and technical know-how, we appreciate your ongoing commitment to our company. By combining our capabilities and energy, we have the opportunity to excel in 2014.
To our shareholders, thank you for your continued investments in WESCO. We are committed to strengthening our industry position and increasing shareholder value.
John J. Engel
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
2013 Annual Report | One World. One WESCO. 3
 