To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Business Partners
OUR RESULTS
2015 will be remembered as a year in which a stronger U.S. dollar and reduced global demand resulted in commodity deflation, sharply reduced production and capital spending, and a debate as to whether an industrial recession was underway. These challenges are reflected in our 2015 results, as our sales, profitability, and earnings per share declined versus prior year. In the face of these headwinds, we focused on what we could control and tightly managed our costs. We exited or consolidated 21 branches, including our operations in Brazil and Australia, and reduced our workforce by approximately 5%. It was not enough, however, to offset the impact on our profitability of 5% lower sales, including a significant devaluation in the Canadian dollar.
At the same time, the best companies gain ground in the toughest of times, and we took important actions last year to improve WESCO’s competitive position and results in 2016 and beyond.
• To deliver above-market sales growth, we continued to build out the Global Sales and Marketing organization, strengthening the front-end of our business to improve the execution of our One WESCO growth strategy. We implemented an enterprise-wide CRM platform, improved our sales planning and performance management system, developed new sales training programs, established category management teams, and enhanced our demand creation programs.
• To deliver improved profitability, we established a new Global Supply Chain and Operations organization last year, which focused on simplifying and streamlining our business operations, improving our pricing with tools and analytics, and optimizing our supply base. Initial successes indicate that the organization will unlock incremental value going forward.
• To support investments in our business and shareholder returns, we maintained a strong balance sheet and delivered our strongest free cash flow performance in
five years at 125% of net income. We further invested in WESCO by completing three acquisitions that strengthened our electrical core in the U.S., while repurchasing 2.5 million shares of our stock. Strong free cash flow generation has been a hallmark of our company through all phases of the economic cycle.
Economic and market conditions are expected to remain challenging in 2016 as the headwinds from low global growth continue. With the strongest team in place during my 12 years with WESCO, we remain focused on what we can control: improving the execution of our sales and profitability initiatives, while maintaining our strong free cash flow generation.
OUR COMPETITIVE DIFFERENTIATORS
• Products
Our product portfolio has been diversified, through organic investments and acquisitions, to provide a more complete offering to our customers. We have strengthened our roots in electrical, while adding adjacent product categories to our portfolio. Today, we ship over one million products annually to our customers.
• Services
Our service capabilities have been expanded to provide a differentiated and higher-value proposition for our customers. These offerings range from classic distribution functions like inventory management, logistics, and warehousing to more value-added functions like kitting, pre-assembly, labor and supply chain outsourcing, capital project management, as well as lean applications for our customers’ operations and supply chains.
• Footprint
We are uniquely positioned to serve multi-location customers, whether it’s an industrial firm, a utility, a contractor, a commercial or institutional entity, or a governmental agency. We have a customer base that includes a majority of the Fortune 500 companies, and
2015 Annual Report | A World of Solutions 1
 
2 WESCO International, Inc.
we now have approximately 9,300 associates in
17 countries around the world, serving customers in more than twice that many countries.
• Talent
At the heart of it, we are a service company, a people business. We injected talent into our company over the past two years to support the significant organizational changes and streamlining actions undertaken. We strengthened our leadership team by adding new leaders for our U.S., Canada, and Integrated Supply businesses, along with the newly established, enterprise- wide Sales and Marketing, Supply Chain and Operations, and e-Commerce functions.
We aspire to be the employer of choice in our industry. It’s all about attracting, developing, motivating, and retaining the best talent. Last year, we again increased our investments in mentoring, military veteran recruiting, and WESCO University training programs. We are pleased that WESCO’s ranking in Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies list for diversified wholesalers further improved in 2015. We also progressed on our diversity agenda and were recognized again by the 2020 Women on Boards campaign and the Women’s Forum of New York.
• Culture
Lean is at the heart of WESCO’s culture and core to how we do business. Now in the second decade of our lean journey, we have built an extensive set of continuous improvement tools and capabilities. We apply lean across our entire business, from sales and marketing
to operations and administrative processes. Using our industry-leading Lean Value Creation Solutions, we help customers reduce their operating costs and improve productivity. Lean is a never-ending journey, and we see more improvement opportunities than ever.
Social and environmental responsibility is essential to the long-term sustainability of our business. Over the past several years, we improved our energy efficiency, increased recycling, reduced waste generation, and reduced both greenhouse gas intensity and emissions. We’re also helping our customers make improvements in their operations in the areas of lighting, energy management, renewable energy, water and waste mitigation, and green procurement. Consistent with our lean principles, we will continue to measure our progress, seek improvement opportunities, and report on our performance.
Safety remains a priority and a company-wide responsibility at WESCO. Our goal is to provide a safe work environment for our employees and all those who visit our operations. In 2015, we achieved our sixth consecutive year of best ever safety performance, well
beyond the wholesale distribution industry average. While we are proud of these achievements, we believe that every incident is preventable, and we will not be satisfied until we achieve a zero incident rate environment.
OUR STRATEGIES
Our strategies are focused on consolidating our distribution industry, building scale, and providing a more complete offering of supply chain solutions for our customers. Increased scale enables greater market presence and efficiencies, which in turn enables higher profitability. Our distribution markets remain highly fragmented, providing WESCO with ample opportunity to play a consolidator role. As our customers outsource what is not core and rationalize their supply base into a smaller number of larger supplier relationships, they are driving consolidation through the value chain. The big are getting bigger, faster. We are well-positioned to benefit from this trend.
• Accelerating One WESCO
One WESCO, our customer-facing strategy, integrates our broad portfolio of products, services, and supplier relationships into comprehensive supply chain solutions for three customer demand streams: MRO indirect products and services, OEM direct materials and value-added assemblies, and capital projects for new construction, as well as retrofits, renovations, and upgrades. Through our One WESCO growth initiatives, we are expanding our business with existing customers and capturing new customers with our industry-leading offerings.
• Strengthening Our Portfolio
Over the years, we have been building scale and strengthening our portfolio, both organically and through acquisitions. Our current investments in talent and training are focused on attractive higher-growth categories, including solid state lighting, cloud computing, alternative energy, intelligent buildings, and Internet-of-Things applications for infrastructure improvements, enhanced security, and factory floor automation. Our acquisition priorities remain focused on consolidating core electrical in North America, expanding into adjacent product and service categories, and selectively establishing international operations to support our customer base. Last year, we successfully completed the acquisitions of Hill Country Electric Supply, Needham Electric Supply, and Lumigent/Aelux in the U.S. Our acquisition pipeline remains healthy, and we will remain a disciplined acquirer.
• Streamlining Our Operations
With approximately 500 branches and our highly automated distribution network, we are focused on effectively and efficiently serving our customers. Through lean initiatives, we continue to realize

synergies. Since 2010, we have exited or consolidated 97 branches, while opening 47 new branches to support our customers. Over the last two years, we have also significantly increased our investments in e-commerce. Our newly expanded e-commerce team is implementing customized digital solutions for large strategic account customers, shifting repeat orders to the web, thus enabling our sales reps to capture additional One WESCO growth opportunities. Smaller customers
are beginning to be served by our call center model, supported by our e-commerce platform. While early
in our e-commerce journey, these initiatives will improve both our effectiveness in serving customers and our profitability.
• Optimizing Our Global Supply Chain
Our new global supply chain organization is focused on bringing best-in-class processes and tools and a more leveraged approach to managing our own supply chain. Historically, the majority of our supplier spend has been negotiated locally, and our internal supply chain resources have been transaction-oriented. We are
now using big data and predictive analytics to reduce complexity, leverage spend, and ultimately grow the relationships with our strategic suppliers. We are at the beginning of a multi-year effort to better exercise our supply chain muscle.
• Ensuring Effective Capital Allocation
We generated over $1 billion of free cash over the last four years, underpinning the execution of our One WESCO strategy and required investments. Our cash deployment priorities have been consistent: to invest
in organic growth opportunities, to fund accretive acquisitions, and to maintain our financial leverage within a range of 2.0 to 3.5 times total debt to EBITDA. At the end of 2014, we added a fourth priority when we launched a three-year $300 million share repurchase program. We invested $150 million in share buybacks last year, while continuing to invest in our business to support our shareholder return objectives.
OUR FUTURE
We are an industry leader with a proven business model and are playing a consolidator role in a fragmented industry. With a strong, capable, and committed management team focused on delivering results, we
see excellent value creation potential as we execute our One WESCO growth strategy and deliver against four performance goals: sales growth above the market, double- digit EPS growth, free cash flow of at least 90% of net income, and superior investor returns. We are building a better WESCO: every person, every transaction, every day.
IN APPRECIATION
William Vareschi retired from the WESCO Board of Directors in May 2015 after providing 13 years of exceptional service. During his tenure, Bill served as
Lead Director, Chairman of the Executive Committee, and member of the Audit Committee, as well as the Nominating and Governance Committee. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire WESCO management team, we thank Bill for his outstanding leadership, dedication, counsel, and invaluable contributions.
Stephen Van Oss retired from the company in December 2015 after a successful 18-year career as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire WESCO management team, we thank Steve for his leadership, dedication, and the indelible mark that he left on WESCO.
OUR COMMITMENTS
To our customers, thank you for your business. We are committed to creating value in your operations and supply chains to enable you to perform at the highest level.
We look forward to exceeding your expectations in 2016.
To our employees, thank you for your dedication, engagement and extraordinary effort in providing outstanding service to our customers. You are the engine that drives WESCO and our competitive advantage.
To our suppliers, thank you for your support and ongoing commitment. We are focused on combining our capabilities with yours to provide complete solutions for our customers. Together, we look forward to excelling in 2016.
To our shareholders, thank you for your continued investments and confidence. We are committed to continuing to strengthen our business and to increasing shareholder value.
John J. Engel
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
2015 Annual Report | A World of Solutions 3
 