2
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
EMPLOYEES, AND FRIENDS
The year 2007 was another year of outstanding record-setting performance for WESCO. Sales revenue increased 13% to $6 billion. Additionally, we ended the year with a record backlog of orders scheduled for future delivery. Net income for the year increased to $241 million, and earnings per share increased 21% to $4.99 per share. Strong free cash flow of more than $240 million facilitated the repurchase
of approximately 15% of our outstanding shares.
Despite concerns about the current economic climate in the U.S. and the potential for slower growth in international markets, WESCO’s business strategy remains solidly positioned for future growth. Our commitment to outstanding customer service and value creation has never been higher. Recent investments in organizational effectiveness, sales force expansion, and strategic acquisitions give
us additional capability and the capacity to target growth markets and take advantage of opportunities that are likely to arise in the current environment.
 Recent investments in organizational effectiveness, sales force expansion, and strategic acquisitions give us additional capability and the capacity to target growth markets and take advantage of opportunities that are likely to arise in the current environment.

 WESCO International, Inc. 2007 Annual Report & Form 10-K 3
 INVESTING FOR GROWTH
Over the past four years, we have placed significant emphasis on operational effectiveness and productivity. These initiatives have been based on the adaptation of a manufacturing- oriented process improvement methodology known as LEAN. Widespread use of LEAN continuous improvement techniques has helped us improve virtually every aspect of financial performance while simultaneously increasing organizational infrastructure to support future growth. We are now extending our LEAN initiatives to provide direct assistance to customers. WESCO’s Customer Value Creation program applies our LEAN experience to customer projects, productivity and coordination initiatives, and problem, solving activities. We believe this program will have a long-term positive effect on customer relationships by differentiating our service capability and building comprehensive, lasting links with management at multiple levels within an organization.
For a service company such as WESCO, marketing programs serve as our investment in research and development. Each year, we increase the level of emphasis that we give to the creation of new product and solution-
MANAGEMENT TEAM
From left to right
John J. Engel
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Stephen A. Van Oss
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer
Roy W. Haley
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
oriented catalogs, data-mining activities
and direct mail response programs, technical trade shows, and joint selling initiatives and training programs with the management of key suppliers. In 2007, we began work on a major industrial and construction electrical safety training initiative in conjunction with the Electrical Safety Foundation and their govern- mental safety agency partners. All of these activities help to increase awareness, better position WESCO in the marketplace, and support our sales teams in all industry segments and service locations.
Also in 2007, we significantly increased activity in areas supporting our sales capacity. In addition to continuing our program of selective acquisitions which add management and sales talent, service locations, and product line expansions, we opened new branch locations in 6 markets, launched new training programs for experienced sales representatives and all newly hired sales personnel, and began a special recruiting effort to expand our sales force by approximately 10%. As part of this effort, we have started the process of expanding and continuously improving our college recruiting and staff development programs, which
we believe will add a new dimension to our long-term commitment to Talent Management.

 4
 OPERATING PROFIT PER EMPLOYEE
     For a service company such as WESCO, marketing programs serve as our investment in research and development. Each year, we increase the level of emphasis that we give to the creation of new product and solution-oriented catalogs, data-mining activities and direct mail response programs, technical trade shows, and joint selling initiatives and training programs with the management of key suppliers.
ACQUIRED COMPANIES
Over the past three years, we have acquired six businesses, adding over $1.1 billion in annual sales revenue. These new additions have broadened our sales and marketing capabilities and enhanced our market coverage. During 2007, we made great strides in coordinating and consolidating activities with Communications Supply, one of the leaders in the data communications products distribution market. WESCO and Communications Supply came together, in part, due to the seemingly never-ending growth in demand for increasing bandwidth and high-performance data delivery that also require increasingly sophisticated and more reliable electrical systems.
Our combined strengths have allowed us to serve our industrial and commercial customers with a more effective and streamlined supply chain solution. We are increasingly being recognized for an outstanding combination of product breadth, service capabilities, and cost savings programs for our customers’ electrical and information technology, communications, and security needs.
During the second half of 2007, we made three add-on acquisitions that complement our existing businesses. The addition of Cascade Supply, an industrial automation
2005
2006
2007
$37,326
$57,765
$54,481

 WESCO International, Inc. 2007 Annual Report & Form 10-K 5
and controls distributor, provides greater penetration in the northwestern region of
the U.S. The acquisition of J-Mark Electric improved our product portfolio and added to our sales opportunities in the manufactured housing business. Monti Electric added capacity and capability for the long-term industrial and residential rebuilding process in the Gulf Coast region following the destruction from the 2005 hurricane season. We are enthusiastic about these additions and look forward to long-term relationships with the employees, customers, and suppliers who have become part of the WESCO organization.
ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
As with many organizations, we are cognizant of changing employment trends, including the anticipated future labor shortages caused by the retirement of many experienced employees who fall into the category of “baby boomers.” Several years ago, we began a comprehensive process of Talent Management that included special attention to succession planning at multiple levels in the organization. As mentioned above, we also began to look
at future employment needs with a strategy
of identifying and attracting potential future employees from a number of sources outside
of the electrical and industrial distribution industry. I am pleased to report that we have been quite successful in attracting leadership talent from both inside and outside our industry, and organizational leadership transitions have occurred in a highly coordinated and effective manner. With this report, I would like to acknowledge and give special recognition
to two of our 40+ year veteran vice presidents who have announced their retirement. Bill Goodwin has played a significant leadership role for many years in various aspects of our international operations while simultaneously supporting one or more North American market segment operating groups. Don Thimjon has been the architect of our industry-leading strategy for supporting electric and gas utility customers. I compliment and thank each
of these long-term executives for their many contributions to WESCO and the electrical distribution industry.
 During 2007, we made great strides in coordinating
and consolidating activities with Communications Supply, one of the leaders in the data communications products distribution market.

6
 BOARD ADDITION
We recently announced the addition of
John K. Morgan as a newly elected member of our Board of Directors. John is Chairman and CEO of New York Stock Exchange listed – ZEP, Inc., a specialty chemicals business. Prior to his role at ZEP, John was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
of Acuity Brands, the parent company of Lithonia Lighting and Holophane Lighting, leading manufacturers in the lighting fixture business. We welcome John to the Board, and we look forward to benefiting from his business strategy and general management expertise along with his wealth of knowledge of the electrical manufacturing and distribution industries.
IN APPRECIATION
To our customers, it is for you that we exist. Your operational needs and your desire
to perform at the highest level provide us
with an ongoing opportunity to be of service. We strive to earn your recognition as the
Extra Effort People, and we look forward to exceeding your expectations in 2008. To our employees, we highly value your work ethic, value-creating ideas, and desire to provide superior customer service. You are the engine that drives WESCO. And finally, to our supplier partners who manufacture the broad range of products and invest in the technical know-how to support unique solutions, we applaud and appreciate your ongoing commitment to our Company. By combining our capabilities and energy, we have the opportunity to, once again, excel in 2008.
Roy W. Haley
Chairman and CEO
 