   To Our Shareholders, Employees and Friends
 Our report this year describes significant progress and terrific financial and operating results. WESCO employees throughout our organization responded to improving economic conditions and capitalized on a variety of business process improvements to generate “best ever” record levels in nearly every important performance category. Because of their “extra effort,” WESCO is stronger than ever, and we are looking forward to further improvement in 2005.
Financial Results
2004 was a record year for WESCO. Sales increased 14%, to $3.74 billion, and all of the improvement came from organic growth. Net income increased to $64.9 million, more than doubling 2003 net income of $30.0 million, and earnings per share increased by 125% to $1.47 per share, compared to $0.65 per share in 2003.
Our balance sheet was also strengthened.
Even though the total amount of working capital increased in support of strong sales growth, we
set new records for total working capital turnover, while also improving the overall quality of accounts receivable and inventory. Our capital structure ratios and financial liquidity were improved as a result of applying positive cash flow to debt reduction. Through an equity offering in the fourth quarter, the company issued 4 million shares of common stock, raising approximately $100 million, which was used in the first quarter of 2005 to reduce higher-cost
Improving Economy
Despite a slow start to the year, the overall economic recovery had a positive effect on our business. Industrial and utility markets were generally favorable, and the construction business demonstrated slow but consistent quarter-over- quarter improvements, particularly during the second half. Market conditions continue to be favorable, and we expect to see increases in industrial and commercial capital spending during 2005 and a rising demand for the products and services we provide.
Sales Growth
I am especially gratified that our unprecedented sales growth in 2004 was obtained organically, supported by sales effectiveness and not influenced by acquisitions. Our 14% sales gain resulted from the addition of new customers and substantially increased sales in our existing base. It is particularly significant that sales growth was not driven by
a few major customers or large one-time projects, but by incremental gains with thousands of customers in many different market segments across our entire organization.
Productivity
Record levels of net income and earnings per share were achieved by broad-based improvement in operational productivity and organizational
 subordinated debt. From a financial perspective, WESCO is stronger than at any time since we became a public company.
performance:
 1
  
op
portunity:
efficiency. In 2004, WESCO’s sales and service personnel set new record levels of sales and operating profit per employee, the broadest overall measures of operating productivity for a business such as WESCO. On a company-wide basis, sales per employee increased to $696,000, a 15% increase over 2003 results, and operating profit increased 74% to $28,000 per employee.
These improvements were accomplished
through a variety of initiatives that enhanced our effectiveness in implementing marketing programs, improving sales force training and sales targeting activities, streamlining order processing and logistics activities, and managing pricing and product acquisition costs. Our work in most of these initiatives was aided by our application of
a performance improvement methodology known as LEAN. LEAN is used extensively by industrial firms to reduce delays and bottlenecks, eliminate multiple forms of operational waste, and simplify processes and procedures. We began applying LEAN to our business activities during 2003 and the approaches and techniques are now being applied throughout our organization. The work completed over the past 18 months produced excellent operating results and has laid the groundwork for further gains in performance
and productivity.
momentum:
Opportunity
The wholesaler/distributor industry has multiple positive attributes. The industrial, contractor, and commercial markets are very large, with millions of potential customers. Although some customers expand and others contract, our primary markets have a history of long-term growth that is greater than total economic growth.
This long-running growth dynamic is due to a continuing flow of new and more advanced products and a well-established trend for distributors to benefit from outsourcing by both customers and product manufacturers. In ever-larger numbers, customers are concentrating on their core capabilities and seeking assistance from distributors in our core capabilities of product application, sourcing, procurement, inventory management, and logistics. Similarly, manufacturers are seeking to capitalize on distributors’ core capabilities of customer and segment-oriented marketing, local sales and technical support, and supply chain efficiencies. These marketplace changes provide numerous opportunities to further develop potential sources of stable and recurring revenue.
During 2004, we significantly expanded our marketing department with personnel and capabilities to target specific industry sub-segments, geographical territories, and product applications. Our high-quality product catalogs and sales promotion initiatives
are integrated with an effective program of targeted personal selling and telesales activities with our key supplier partners. New information systems tools
2 WESCO International, Inc. 2004 Annual Report & Form 10-K
are adding more precision to sales planning, direct mail targeting, and continuous progress tracking, resulting in a steady stream of new customer relationships and significant sales momentum.
   
Without question, WESCO is now in its strongest financial position since becoming a publicly owned company in 1999.
  Internal Controls
One of the most demanding and costly programs
of the recently enacted corporate governance regulations involves the comprehensive design, documentation, and testing of internal controls as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have attempted to make the wide-ranging business process analysis and auditing activities a part of our overall improvement activities. We made a conscious effort to link internal control methodologies with our LEAN process improvement programs to gain maximum benefit. We looked for ways to reduce risks, avoid errors, and streamline processes, while at the same time assuring reliability and accuracy. Our intent is to make WESCO a better organization, not just a compliant company.
This year’s Annual Report includes, for the first time, a special report by management on its evaluation of WESCO’s internal control environment. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm also provides a new report containing their assess- ment and conclusion that WESCO’s internal control system was effective as of December 31, 2004.
Management Team
I am pleased to have John Engel on the WESCO management team as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He assumed this new position in July and is focused on operational improvements and management development throughout the company. John has a strong operations and marketing background and brings great leadership value to WESCO. Together with Steve Van Oss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, we are implementing a variety of programs to assure that our management team is aligned with our long-term objectives and committed to the achievement of outstanding results. To give you more insight into
our management perspective, we have added to this year’s Annual Report a list of questions asked by our shareholders and employees, followed by answers from John and Steve.
Looking Ahead
2004 was a remarkable year, and the records we achieved are setting new standards of performance throughout our entire organization. We will continue to stay focused on the fundamentals, because that has been the strength of our basic business model and the key to our success.
2005 presents us with the opportunities to deliver above-average sales growth and further gains in productivity and operating efficiency. Our employees have been energized by their ability to achieve record-level performance and have demonstrated that their “extra effort” attitude is a proven differentiator and an advantage for our customers, supplier partners, and shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support and interest in WESCO.
Roy W. Haley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
