   WellCare
To Our Shareholders:
sponsored healthcare programs, focusing on
is a leading provider of
We were also selected by the State of Ohio to participate in the state’s northeast region Medicaid managed care programs, includ- ing coverage for some of the state’s more complex populations. We also expanded into the St. Louis, Missouri area which is a natural geographic progression of our southern Illinois operations.
Our mission includes a commitment to meeting our members’ individual needs and ensuring that all members receive quality, preventive healthcare. Our New York plan was awarded “Quality Health Plan” status in 2006 by the State of New York. Our Live Your Best Program provides screenings, vaccinations and check- ups for our Medicare members for no additional cost. We have also developed an innovative cultural competency program designed to overcome linguistic and cultural barriers in obtaining quality healthcare and to decrease healthcare disparities in minor- ity populations.
We remain focused on our responsibility to be a good corporate citizen in the communities we serve. Through our daily com- mitments to the populations in these communities, associate volunteerism and the contributions of the WellCare Healthy Communities Foundation, we support a number of national, regional and local charitable organizations dedicated to enhancing the health and quality of life for the members of our communities.
Our success in 2006 has established a solid foundation for the future, and I want to thank all of our associates for their dedication and hard work that made this possible. Rather than focus on our present or future success, we will continue to pursue our mission to improve the health and well-being of our members, strengthen our relationships with healthcare providers and provide collabor- ative policy solutions for our government partners.
Sincerely,
WellCare experienced a remarkable 2006. We successfully
amdvaanacegdedoucramreissieornvoicfeesnhdaendcincgatoeudr tmoegmobveersr’nhmeaeltnht-and
quality of life, partnering with our providers and delivering high
quality, cost-effective healthcare solutions to our government partners. In the process, WellCare transformed from a regional
Medicaid and Medicare. We operate a variety
health plan to a diversified, national government programs com-
of Medicaid and Medicare plans, including health
pany serving more than 2.2 million members in all 50 states.
plans for families, children, the aged, blind and
In order to better serve our senior population, we continued to expand our range of Medicare products. WellCare was one of only
disabled as well as prescription drug plans.
ten health plans approved to offer prescription drug plans nation- wide, a significant opportunity to deliver essential services to
Founded in 1985, our team of over 3,000 asso-
Medicare beneficiaries. The prescription drug program provides
sceinaitoers asnerivmepsormtaontrenetwhabnen2e.f2it manidllieolinmimnaetems bthersneed for
many to choose between prescription drugs and daily expenses.
nationwide. The WellCare Group of Companies
Over 1 million seniors nationwide now have access to affordable prescription drugs through our health plans.
operates plans under the WellCare, Staywell,
We expanded our commitment to serve the diverse needs of
HealthEase, Harmony and PreferredOne brands.
seniors by providing enhanced benefits and a greater choice of plan offerings. We continued our expansion of Medicare coordi-
Our company headquarters and Florida regional
nated care plans and now offer these plans in 56 counties in six
offices are based in Tampa, FL. Other regional
states. Our plans focus on affordability and high quality care, including the importance of coordinating care through a primary
offices are located in: New York, NY; North
care physician, as well as offering a choice of extra benefits not
aHvailvaeblne,thCroTu;gBhaotroigninaRloMuegdeic,arLeA. I;nA2t0l0a6n,taw,eGlaAid;the foun-
dation for the January 2007 nationwide launch of our Medicare
Cleveland, OH; and Chicago, IL, which is also
private fee-for-service plans that feature an open provider network ahnedaodffqeruadrdteitirosnfaol rbeHneafritms fornoyurHmeeamltbherPs.lan.
In 2006, WellCare also continued to expand both the breadth and depth of its Medicaid services. We successfully partnered with the State of Georgia to launch the Healthy Families and PeachCare for Kids programs on a statewide basis to replace a traditional fee-for-service system that was financially unsustain- able. Families and children now have a medical “home” with a primary care physician who oversees their healthcare needs, which provides continuity of care and other essential medical services such as prenatal care and childhood immunizations.
Todd S. Farha
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  