 1
 ALEC CUNNINGHAM
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Stockholders, Members, Business Partners, and Government Customers:
During 2011, over 300,000 more people across the United States became members of a WellCare Medicaid or Medicare health or drug plan. At the end of the year, we served a total of nearly 2.6 million individuals. Each of them has a unique story, and those stories are important to appreciating what can be achieved when we help those who are in poor health, disabled, elderly, or lacking resources.
For example, there’s Angela, who says that her daughter Anita “is alive today because of WellCare.” Anita suffers from severe depression, and Angela has struggled with the need to watch her night and day to “ensure Anita did not hurt herself.” Angela says that when Anita became a WellCare member, “for the first time, she had access to care that we didn’t have with other plans. It was the right care that she needed.
It saved her life.”
Or William, who was in a motorcycle accident at age
22 and lost one of his legs. The prosthesis William had received after his three-month hospitalization was not properly fitted, resulting in leg infections and back misalignment. William became a WellCare member, and his case manager, Eliza, went to work for him.
Eliza collaborated with a team of care providers to obtain a new prosthesis that resolved William’s mobility issues and pain. William, now 24, is in school, studying to be a professional mechanic.
We experience many stories like these every day, and we will share more of them in this report. Each story echoes our mission to enhance our members’ health and quality of life by collaborating with health care providers and our government customers to deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions.
In many ways, our accomplishments during 2011 transformed WellCare. These achievements were driven by our continued focus on three top priorities: improving health care quality and access, ensuring a competitive cost structure, and delivering prudent, profitable growth. Over the next few pages, I will highlight a number of our accomplishments in
these areas.
Improving Health Care Quality and Access
During 2011, we made measurable progress toward our goals for improving health care quality and access. Our results are highlighted by the accreditation of our Georgia health plan by the National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA. This accomplishment follows the awarding of full health plan accreditation for our Florida plans in 2010 by URAC, a leading health care accreditation and education organization. We continue to work toward our long-term target of accreditation for all of our health plans.
Our health care quality and access activities continued to focus on preventive health and wellness and care management initiatives. In June 2011, we successfully launched new customer service capabilities that support the closure of care gaps, which have resulted to date in over 45,000 member education sessions. Many of these interactions involve real time appointment setting with our providers and members.

  Later in the year, we piloted a program to close care gaps through home visits in two of our markets. Also, in several of our markets, we implemented provider incentives to close member care gaps. This initiative exceeded our expectations by driving quality of care improvements for well over 15,000 of our members. We will continue to develop and launch innovative technologies and programs such as these throughout 2012.
All of these programs and other activities helped drive improvement in our Healthcare Effectiveness and Data Information Set, or HEDIS®, measures, setting the stage for additional progress in 2012.
Ensuring a Competitive Cost Structure
We continued our disciplined approach to ensuring a competitive cost structure by reducing our adjusted administrative expense ratio by approximately
60 basis points in 2011 versus 2010. The adjusted administrative expense ratio measures adjusted selling, general, and administrative (“SG&A”) expense as a percentage of the combination of premium revenue and investment and other income. The improvement in this ratio contributed to our 2011 performance in which premium revenue increased by 12%, while adjusted SG&A expense increased by only 7%.
During the third quarter of 2011, we successfully completed an upgrade of our core operating system. This new technology has enabled further progress
in our work to improve service and productivity
and positions us to comply with future regulatory changes such as the implementation of ICD-10. The upgrade also supports our health care quality, access, and cost initiatives.
With respect to medical expense, our 2011 medical benefits ratio (“MBR”) decreased approximately
140 basis points year over year, when excluding the favorable development of medical benefits payable. Our medical expense management initiatives contributed meaningfully to this result.
For 2012, we are anticipating another reduction to our adjusted administrative expense ratio. Our long-term target for this ratio remains in the low 10% range, based on our current business and geographic mix. We also expect our medical expense management initiatives to continue to have a significant effect on our overall medical costs. Both administrative and medical expense initiatives remain an important discipline for us, especially in light of the fiscal challenges facing our state and federal customers
and the potentially challenging rate environment.
Delivering Prudent, Profitable Growth for our Medicaid Health Plans
Our Medicaid health plans achieved 2011 premium revenue of just over $3.5 billion, up 8% for the year. December membership increased 8% year over year to 1.45 million members.
The growth of these plans was driven by several successes, but most important was the launch of our Kentucky Medicaid program effective November 1. We are delighted to be serving this program after being awarded a contract in July following a competitive procurement. We commend the governor, the legislature, and the Cabinet for Health and Family Services for their work in designing and implementing this new program on an accelerated timeline. We are confident that the program will deliver significant gains in health care access, quality, and cost. We are concentrating on improving health outcomes and care coordination, promoting wellness and healthier lifestyles, and lowering the overall cost of care.
We serve the full spectrum of Medicaid beneficiaries in Kentucky, including individuals in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (“TANF”) program, Children’s Health Insurance Program (“CHIP”), foster care, and aged, blind, and disabled (“ABD”) programs. Our comprehensive care management model includes medical, behavioral, and pharmacy services. We estimate annualized premium revenue will be about $575 million to $600 million, and we are excited about this meaningful growth for our Medicaid health plans.
2
  
          Mia is a young mother of a five-month old baby diagnosed with cardiomyopathy, a condition in which the heart becomes enlarged and progressively weaker. When Mia’s son was hospitalized for congestive heart failure and became a candidate for a heart transplant, Nancy, a WellCare case manager, helped Mia understand and coordinate her baby’s health care needs, providers, community resources, and insurance coverage. WellCare’s special populations team, which helps members apply for supplemental benefits available through federal programs for persons with disabilities, also supported Mia. When Mia’s son took a turn for the worse, Nancy worked with Mia and the hospital staff for the baby to receive a Berlin Heart, a device that kept the baby alive until a compatible, healthy heart was available for transplant. Shortly thereafter, Mia’s son received the heart transplant. Nancy continued to work with Mia through the surgery, discharge, and aftercare to ensure Mia and her son had the support they needed.
James, a WellCare member, was struggling with the costs of specialized medical supplies following amputation of one of his toes for complications due to diabetes. A WellCare case manager secured a waiver for the supplies, allowing James to get the supplies he needed and to gain better control of his diabetes. Having the supplies he needed has helped James avoid additional surgeries and more costly care.
Anna filed for bankruptcy due to medical bills she incurred as a result of chronic kidney disease and a subsequent stroke. Her health issues required 24-hour care, and Anna became depressed over the prospect of having to live her life in a nursing home at only 54 years of age. WellCare arranged for Anna to have a home attendant with her throughout the day and evening so that her personal and health care needs were met in the comfort of her own home. Anna told her WellCare case worker that “it was the first time since my stroke that I felt some control over my life.” Anna’s husband has been able to return to work, helping the family’s financial circumstances.

              Kelly reached out to WellCare desperately seeking help for her 14-year-old son Raymond, who had been ill for over a week with excruciating pain in his right leg. Multiple appointments with doctors and diagnostic tests had not resulted in any answers. Carrie, a WellCare case manager, worked daily with Kelly to help find answers and treatment. Carrie was able to get Raymond in to see an orthopedic surgeon who performed multiple tests that helped him identify the problem as a bone infection. Having received the proper diagnosis, Raymond was hospitalized, treated and quickly recovered.
Ronald and his wife, Beth, have both been members of a WellCare Medicare Advantage plan for over five years. When Beth recently required knee replacement surgery, they realized that, without their WellCare plan, they would have struggled financially with medical bills. But, with their WellCare plan, Beth had no copayment to the hospital. After postoperative treatment, which included home nursing care and physical therapy, Beth has been able to return to the lifestyle she enjoyed before surgery.
Lily, one of WellCare’s disease managers, worked with Louis, a 45-year-old man who suffers from congestive heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, and hypertension. Individually, these are serious health concerns; in combination, they can be life threatening. During a routine assessment, Lily learned that Louis was missing physician appointments because he did not have access to transportation. Lily developed and implemented a plan to secure transportation services so that Louis was able to keep his appointments as scheduled. By closing the care gaps, Lily helped reduce the risk of Louis experiencing potentially severe complications from his conditions and helped improve his quality of life.
  
  As of February 2012, we are serving approximately 146,000 members in the Kentucky program, up from about 116,000 at the time the program launched. We believe that our service execution and the strength of our provider network – with over 12,000 unique providers, including 100 hospitals – have been the main reasons beneficiaries chose to move their coverage to WellCare. We have successfully deployed field-based care management teams that are already coordinating care for nearly 6,000 of our most medically complex Kentucky members.
The addition of members who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare in the Kentucky program, as well as our Medicare stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans (“PDPs”) dual membership in the state, are complementary to our longer term planning for Medicare Advantage opportunities and the enrollment of dual eligible members in both our Medicaid and Medicare offerings.
Another Medicaid procurement award was announced in January 2012, when our ‘Ohana Health Plan was selected to participate in Hawaii’s QUEST Medicaid program. This program includes TANF and CHIP members in the state. Services are expected to begin in the summer of 2012, and ‘Ohana will coordinate medical, behavioral, and pharmacy services.
‘Ohana is one of five plans selected to serve 230,000 beneficiaries across the state. Given that we are new to QUEST, our initial expectations for membership are modest, but we anticipate solid growth longer term. With this award, ‘Ohana becomes the only health plan in Hawaii to serve the full spectrum of Medicaid members as well as Medicare Advantage and PDP members across all six islands.
Our 2011 Medicaid growth also benefited from New York and Ohio incorporating their pharmacy benefits into their respective managed care programs. These states and some others had not included pharmacy in their managed care programs due to regulations that previously resulted in challenging economics.
Changes to these regulations led to inclusion of the pharmacy benefit in these managed care plans. This change serves members’ and states’ interests in that we provide more comprehensive care by managing both medical and pharmacy services.
A number of other states are evaluating new strategies and/or conducting procurements for their Medicaid programs. Given ongoing fiscal challenges, economic conditions, and the success of Medicaid managed
care programs over the long run, states continue to recognize the value of collaborating with us to deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions. Consequently, we believe we will continue to have significant growth opportunities for our Medicaid health plans over the next several years.
Medicare Advantage Growth
Our Medicare Advantage health plans’ 2011 premium revenue approached $1.5 billion, up 11% relative to 2010. Membership ended the year at 135,000, up 16% year over year.
Much of our growth in 2011 was our special needs plans for individuals who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid (“D-SNPs”). In 2011, our D-SNP membership grew over 50%. D-SNP membership comprised about 30% of our total Medicare Advantage membership as of the end of 2011. These plans
offer specialized services and care management for members who often are chronically ill, frail, or disabled.
We anticipate further growth in our Medicare Advantage plans during 2012. Our benefits and cost sharing for 2012 have been designed to achieve what we believe is an appropriate financial rate of return, with products that are attractive to both current and prospective members. Our ongoing administrative and medical expense management work is important to helping ensure that we offer competitive products, while adhering to our financial margin discipline.
We were pleased with both our Medicare sales performance and member retention during the annual election period that occurred in the final months of 2011 for January 2012 plan enrollment.
We added 10,000 net members from the election period, resulting in January 2012 membership of approximately 146,000. Year over year, January 2012 membership increased 24%. These results were driven in part by a net increase of 19 counties to our Medicare Advantage footprint, bringing our total counties served for 2012 to 138 across 11 states. In addition,
we are offering D-SNPs in all of our 138 counties in 2012, up from 90% of our counties in 2011.
5
  
  Medicare Prescription Drug Plans Growth
Since the program was launched in 2006, we have offered stand-alone PDPs to beneficiaries eligible for Medicare. Results for 2011 were outstanding, with PDP premium revenue exceeding $1 billion, an increase of 32% year-over-year, and membership ending the year at 976,000, up 27%.
Financial Highlights and Legal Matters
All the achievements described in this letter contributed to another accomplishment – that of WellCare’s strong 2011 financial results. These results are important not only for the gains they drive for our stockholders, but also for the investments they allow to generate continued improvement in health care quality and access, service quality and productivity, and growth. The following are selected highlights of our financial performance:
6
 Given the nature of the annual competitive bid
process, we have experienced generally modest fluctuations in our results from year to year during our history in this program. Nevertheless, over the long- • term, our PDPs have created strong strategic and
financial value for WellCare when viewed on a separate basis, as well as in terms of how our PDPs complement
our Medicaid and Medicare Advantage health plans. •
Among the complementary value drivers is the
nearly national presence of our PDPs, which are
offered in 49 states and the District of Columbia.
So when we begin work on Medicaid procurements • in states like Hawaii and Kentucky, we are known to
the regulators and serve members whose health experiences help provide a basis for our proposals. In addition, PDP members are cost-effective leads for our Medicare Advantage sales activities. Finally, our PDP activities support a large pharmaceutical procurement spend and medication therapy management infrastructure that benefits our Medicare Advantage and Medicaid plans.
Our 2012 PDP bid results were not as favorable • as those we achieved in 2011. As a result, our
January 2012 PDP membership decreased to about 900,000 members, driven mainly by changes to
the membership assigned to us by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”).
We believe our plans remain very attractive to the value-conscious beneficiaries who choose a plan. Currently, about 50% of our PDP members have chosen a WellCare plan. We believe member choice and retention will continue to have a meaningful impact on our PDP membership and results.
Premium revenue in aggregate reached just over $6 billion for 2011, a year over year increase of 12%. Membership grew 15% year over year.
Adjusted net income per diluted share, which excludes expenses associated with the 2007 government investigations and related litigation, was $6.73 for 2011, compared with $2.67 for 2010.
In August 2011, we entered into a $300 million senior secured credit agreement that includes
a $150 million term loan and a $150 million revolving line, both of which are set to expire in August 2016. We borrowed $150 million under the term loan facility. Our new credit agreement provides liquidity and flexibility in support of the significant growth opportunities available to us. As of December 2011, our debt to total capital ratio was a relatively low 12%.
Cash provided by operating activities, modified for the impact of the timing of receipts from, and payments to, our government customers, was $280 million for 2011, compared with
$73 million for 2010.
• As of December 31, 2011, our unregulated cash and investments were $309 million. Also as of that date, our HMO and insurance subsidiaries combined statutory capital and surplus was approximately $858 million, compared with the required statutory capital of approximately $310 million.
 
              Following development efforts throughout 2011, WellCare launched early in 2012 a new social safety net services initiative, The CommUnity Commitment, during an open house event in Louisville, Kentucky. The CommUnity Commitment is an innovative approach to addressing health plan members' social needs, which, if left unaddressed, could become barriers to accessing health care. Through this effort, WellCare is building partnerships and connecting health plan members with community organizations that offer support in meeting basic social needs, including assistance with food, housing, transportation, utilities and more.
WellCare's catalog of available social services will be compared to public health data to identify gaps developed as a result of increased needs. WellCare's grassroots councils will review collected data and identify ways to resolve these gaps. The information will then be used to jointly develop community health needs assessments with stakeholders such as public health departments, hospitals, primary care physicians and others, following an approach centered on evidence-based and outcomes-oriented strategies. Learn more about The CommUnity Commitment at www.thecommunitycommitment.org.

Finally over the past year, we resolved the 2007 government investigations and related litigation. In April 2011, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Separately, the securities class action consolidated litigation was finalized and the settlement was paid in full during 2011. In March 2012, we finalized the settlement with the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and certain other parties, resolving the qui tam, or “whistleblower,” matter. This final resolution brings to an end this chapter of WellCare’s history.
Positioning for the Future
2012 is shaping up to be another exciting year for Medicare and for state Medicaid programs across the country. We view this activity as validation of the long-term, proven value of managed care in helping governments deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions. In addition, state and federal fiscal conditions remain at the forefront of the national political debate, driving the need for more effective approaches to quality and cost. Given that managed care remains well below 50% of all government health care program expenditures, we see significant continued potential for new developments that include private sector solutions.
In particular, 2012 may be the year in which federal and state governments more meaningfully address the need to improve care management solutions
for beneficiaries who are dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. This activity validates the most important elements of our strategy – that a coordinated approach to serving dual eligibles provides better quality care for these beneficiaries and results in lower medical and administrative costs for governments and taxpayers.
WellCare is prepared for this development. We have over a decade of experience with sizable health plans serving Medicare and the full spectrum of Medicaid eligibility groups. We see our complementary programs and operations serving Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and Medicare PDPs as also positioning us well for future opportunities.
By leveraging our infrastructure and proven toolkit, today we successfully serve approximately 110,000 dually eligible members in our Medicaid and Medicare Advantage health plans and over 600,000 in our stand- alone PDPs. We are confident that changes to federal and state regulations to provide comprehensive care solutions will improve these members’ quality of life and lower costs throughout the health care system. We are excited about the opportunity to support and enable such changes.
In closing, I would like to thank each of our team members for their hard work, commitment, and significant accomplishments during 2011, all of which have positioned us well for the future.
Sincerely,
Alec Cunningham Chief Executive Officer April 2012
8
 