To Our Shareholders
2004 was a year of transformation and growth for WellCare Health Plans. We became a publicly traded company and continued to execute our growth plan. Most importantly, we advanced our mission of improving the health and well-being of our members, strengthening our relationships with healthcare providers and providing savings to our government partners in the six states where we operate. These are the metrics by which we measure our success, and our 2004 performance is an indication of the healthy partnerships we are building throughout the communities we serve.
During 2004, we expanded our service territory from three to six states through the acquisition of Harmony Health Plans in Indiana and Illinois and through a greenfield expansion into Louisiana. Overall, we grew our membership by 35 percent, ending the year with 747,000 members.
We continue to improve the services we provide. In 2004, we received important certifications that validate the high standards of medical care that we expect from our network providers: a full three-year accredita- tion from the Accreditation
Association for Ambulatory Health Care as well as a full two-year accredi- tation from the Utilization Review Accreditation Conference for our behavioral health business. We also continue to invest in our industry- leading quality improvement program to enhance the quality of care provided to our members.
Our goal is to be one of the most provider-friendly companies in our industry, and we continually review our internal systems to improve service to our constituents. As a result, in 2004, we centralized and rationalized our operations to allow
for more accurate and efficient data processing, and we improved our capabilities and rate of electronic claims processing and payment. On average, we pay 99 percent of clean claims in under 30 days.
2005 will be a year of unprece- dented opportunity for WellCare. We expect continued growth of our Medicaid and Medicare plans within existing markets as well as entry into new geographic markets. We also plan to expand our product lines within government programs, and we see the potential for deeper partner- ships with the states we serve.
 2.
Todd S. Farha
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
States are increasingly turning to managed care to assist with their Medicaid programs. Expansion of managed care will permit more of the nation’s 45 million Medicaid recipients to experience better healthcare in a more efficient manner than ever before. We are well-positioned to continue working with several states to address the complex needs of the aged, blind and disabled populations. These efforts have the potential to yield significant savings to the states and to improve the quality of care to our members. We are excited about the future of Medicaid, and we are well-positioned to contribute to the future success of this vital program.
We are also encouraged by President Bush’s proposal to extend healthcare coverage to an additional 12 million uninsured over the next ten years and by the opportunities presented through Medicare reform. We believe that Medicaid and Medicare reform will be good for managed care. Our members, our providers and our government partners will continue to see WellCare as an inte- gral component of these programs.
Managing care for Medicaid and Medicare populations is a tremen- dous responsibility and an enormous opportunity. We know that our success depends on our ability to provide superior service to our partners. From our relentless pursuit
of quality and our discipline in internal operations, to our prudent fiscal performance, WellCare demonstrates its commitment to our members, our healthcare providers, our communities and the govern- ment partners that make our busi- ness possible.
Finally, I thank our dedicated WellCare associates who help us fulfill this mission and ensure our continued success.
Sincerely,
Todd S. Farha
President and Chief Executive Officer WellCare Health Plans, Inc.
     WellCare Core Strengths
Experienced Management Team – effective leaders in operating managed care plans Diversified Healthcare Programs – enables product expansion within government programs Trusted Government Relationships – collaborative cost savings for government partners Solid Financial Performance – revenues of $1.4 billion in 2004
Accreditations by AAAHC and URAC – upholding the highest medical standards Centralized Operations – allows for accurate and efficient processing of data
Single Technology Platform – streamlined and scalable technology to accommodate growth Quality Improvement Program – patient-focused with preventive care emphasis
Prompt Provider Payment – receiving claims electronically, processing claims rapidly
3.
