  As we look forward to the coming years, we believe there are significant opportunities to build on our strengths.
KennetH A. BurDicK chief executive Officer
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS, MEMbERS, GOvERNMENT PARTNERS, bUSINESS PARTNERS, AND ASSOCIATES:
While 2014 was a challenging year for WellCare, there were a number of seeds that were planted during the year that will bear fruit in 2015 and beyond. The actions we took in 2014 to improve our performance, combined with opportunities across all of our lines of business, give us confidence in our future.
In 2014, we made fundamental changes to our operating philosophy. We spent much of last year building a new management team by combining the best talent from within WellCare with top talent from the managed care industry. Under our new executive leadership team,
we developed more rigorous processes to improve
our operational and financial performance and are focused on a culture of accountability. We also began reinvesting in our associates, processes and tools to build a stronger, more enduring company. We believe this more disciplined approach, coupled with executing on our multi-year strategy that includes pursuing growth opportunities in government programs, will result in more consistent performance and margin expansion while providing value to our members, federal and state customers and provider partners.
Our focus is on government-sponsored programs— Medicaid, Medicare Advantage (MA) and Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDP). As of December 31, 2014, we served more than 4.1 million members across all lines of our business, growing 45 percent compared
with December 31, 2013. Premium revenue of
$12.7 billion for the full-year 2014 grew by 35 percent compared with the full-year 2013.*
In our Medicaid Health Plans segment, we
served 2.3 million members in nine states as of December 31, 2014, growing 31 percent compared
with December 31, 2013. In 2014, we successfully implemented our Florida Managed Medical Assistance Program contract to provide managed care services
to Medicaid recipients in eight of 11 regions. Through this program, we added 256,000 new Medicaid members in 2014, maintaining the largest membership share
in the Florida Medicaid market.
Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act was also a driver of membership and revenue growth for WellCare in 2014. We currently serve the Medicaid expansion population in Hawaii, Illinois, Kentucky, New Jersey and New York, and we expect Medicaid expansion to continue to contribute to our growth
in the future.
An example of one of our growth seeds is in New Jersey. WellCare began offering a Medicaid managed care product in New Jersey at the beginning of 2014, and
in July 2014, we significantly expanded our presence through an acquisition of Medicaid assets in the state. We are also very pleased that in July 2014 WellCare
of New Jersey received approval to participate in the state’s Managed Long-Term Services and Supports program. We expect our New Jersey Medicaid business to contribute to our growth in 2015.
*Excludes Medicaid state ACA industry fee reimbursement in 2014 and Medicaid premium tax revenue.

We believe our more disciplined approach, coupled with executing on our multi-year strategy that includes pursuing growth opportunities in government programs, will result in more consistent performance and margin expansion while providing value to our members, federal and state customers and provider partners.
We also experienced strong membership and revenue growth in our Medicare Health Plans segment in 2014. Our Medicare performance in 2014 reflects a year of strong organic growth complemented by our acquisition of Windsor Health Group, Inc. in early 2014. Through this transaction, we added four new states (Arkansas, Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee) to our MA business and strengthened our PDP segment with new products and membership in 13 states.
In 2014, as we looked ahead to 2015, we focused our MA bids for the 2015 plan year to balance membership with margin expansion. As part of this focus, we expect our MA membership to decline in 2015 compared
with 2014, reflecting a reduction in MA membership
in California due to significant benefit design changes and our exit from two counties as well as an exit from three states where we did not have meaningful scale. Overall, we anticipate that these changes will improve the financial performance of our Medicare Health Plans segment in 2015.
While our PDP segment underperformed in 2014, we believe our 2015 bid reflects a better balance between membership and margin improvement. Changes in the bid design include an increase in our basic plan premium and the introduction of deductibles. Also, in the second half of 2014, we began a major initiative to improve our pharmacy cost structure and provide greater value to our members and the federal government. As a result of this effort, in February 2015, we signed a contract with
a leading pharmacy benefit management company that will be effective January 1, 2016.
As we look forward to the coming years, we believe there are significant opportunities to build on our strengths. We serve the populations that need managed care the most—the economically challenged and medically complex. Our associates are committed to our mission that includes enhancing our members’ health and quality of life and partnering with providers and federal and state governments to provide quality, cost- effective health care solutions. We expect that the value proposition that WellCare has created over the past two decades will continue to be very attractive to our state and federal customers.
In closing, under our new executive leadership team, we developed a roadmap for improving our performance, and I am confident we are on the right path. The changes that we initiated last year position us for success in the years to come. We thank our associates for their hard work as we remain focused on delivering products and services that will enhance our members’ health and quality of life. We look forward to continuing our long- standing relationships with our government and provider partners. We appreciate the continued support of our investors and look forward to future success.
Sincerely,
Kenneth A. Burdick
Chief Executive Officer April 1, 2015
 