To Our Stockholders, Members, Government Customers, Business Partners, and Associates:
The year 2013 was another exciting one for WellCare, as we served a record 2.8 million members at year end and premium revenue increased 29% to $9.4 billion. Our 2013 accomplishments have set the stage for a successful 2014, which is demonstrated by the growth of our health and drug plans during the first few months of the year. As of March 2014, we served approximately 3.5 million people in our plans.
Our strategy is to manage high quality health care for lower income individuals through government-sponsored health programs. This focus has fueled our growth. Government coverage is the high growth segment of managed health care. Compared with fee-for-service programs, our managed care services offer members better access to quality health care and strengthen the fiscal sustainability of these government programs. We and others have proven that managed Medicaid programs enhance care quality and reduce costs. As a result, states are increasingly engaging companies like WellCare to serve individuals with chronic and more complex medical requirements, including those dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare.
Medicare programs also continue to offer important growth prospects, with an average of 10,000 people expected to age into Medicare each day through at least 2031. In particular, Medicare Advantage (MA) plans generally offer members reduced costs and enhanced care compared with traditional fee-for-service Medicare. In addition, in many of our markets the cost of MA plans to the federal government is approaching parity with fee-for-service Medicare, and in some markets MA is or soon will be less costly than fee-for-service. We believe these and other factors increase the importance of the Medicare Advantage program to the federal government over the long term.
We are very focused on strengthening access to quality health care, and we are fortunate to be benefiting from the growth associated with our focus. Among the challenges we face are rate pressures, especially in the MA program. This challenge affects the entire health care system, as reimbursement pressures are creating an increasingly difficult environment for insurers and providers.
We believe that the lower income individuals upon whom we focus are better served by the benefits and quality of care in managed programs compared with fee-for-service systems. Many independent studies confirm this view. We also believe that reimbursement and policy objectives are becoming misaligned, and this is a meaningful challenge to our outlook. This rate pressure impacts many aspects of our business, but above all the development and maintenance of a high quality provider network. We will continue to work with federal and state leaders to achieve our collective goal of ensuring access to quality care through government health coverage on a fiscally sustainable basis.
Among the highlights of our performance over the past year, our Medicaid segment membership grew to nearly 1.8 million people as of December 2013, which is 200,000 more people than in December 2012. Premium revenue increased 27% to nearly $5.6 billion in 2013. A significant accomplishment was the turnaround of our Kentucky program. Through our collaboration with the Commonwealth, we transformed the program to help ensure it delivers quality, cost-effective health care on a long-term basis. We believe that our 2013 Kentucky growth, the high quality of care delivered, and the program’s significantly improved financial performance compared with 2012 validate the strengths of our partnerships with state governments.
In Florida, our success in the state’s procurement for its new Managed Medical Assistance (MMA) program serving Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) members resulted in our being awarded contracts in eight of the state’s 11 regions. We currently anticipate
that our December 2014 MMA membership will exceed 500,000. We will implement a new model of care management and additional services for members under the MMA program.
WellCare Senior Management Team
Back row (left to right): Tom Tran, Lisa Iglesias,
Ken Burdick, Dave Gallitano, Mike Polen, Blair Todt; Front row (left to right): Cyndi Baily, Steve Goldberg, Larry Anderson, Rose Hauser
 
As of March 2014, we serve nine states’ Medicaid programs, compared with seven in December 2012, demonstrating our success in gaining further geographic diversification. During 2013, we entered two new states – Missouri and South Carolina – through acquisitions. Our programs in these two states combined are anticipated to contribute at least $500 million to our 2014 premium revenue. In addition, we expanded our New York managed long- term care program, and we implemented a new contract for Hawaii to manage the needs of adults who have serious mental illness. More recently, we have begun serving members in the New Jersey Medicaid program. Our acquisition of certain assets of Healthfirst Health Plan of New Jersey, which is pending regulatory approval, will grow our membership, service area, and provider network in this important state.
Our Medicare Advantage plans also experienced substantial growth in 2013,
with premium revenue increasing 59% year over year to over $3 billion. As of
March 2014, we serve more than 340,000 people in MA Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) plans in over 400 counties across 18 states. More than
19 million people who are eligible for Medicare reside in our service area. Our
MA plans are focused on people whose incomes generally are lower, and in particular on those who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid. We offer
MA special needs plans for the dually eligible in about 95% of the counties we serve.
Premium Membership revenue
      Our strong organic MA growth has been supplemented by acquisitions, including entry to the California MA market through the Easy Choice Health Plan transaction, and more recently with the acquisition of Windsor Health Group (Windsor). The Windsor transaction, which closed effective January 2014, grew our MA membership by 39,000 people in four southeastern states that are new MA markets for us – Arkansas, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
The year 2013 was a transitional one for our Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDPs). For 2014, we repositioned our PDPs primarily through changes to our benefit designs that enabled what we believe were prudent, competitive bids. We also launched a preferred pharmacy network to reduce drug costs for our members and improve our competitive cost position. As of March 2014, we serve more than 1.2 million people through our PDPs, including over 100,000 added through the Windsor acquisition.
In order to help fund investments that facilitate our continued growth, improvements in access to quality care, and margin enhancements, we successfully executed a seven-year $600 million senior notes offering in November 2013. We also entered into a new five-year revolving line of credit of $300 million. These financings provide us with stable, long-term sources of capital and enhanced flexibility for managing our growth.
On July 1, 2014, we celebrate the tenth anniversary of the initial public offering of WellCare’s common stock. Our anticipated
2014 premium revenue of $11.60 billion to $11.75 billion is more than eight times our 2004 premium revenue of $1.40 billion. Our compounded annual premium revenue growth rate, including expected 2014 results, is 24%. This sustained, strong growth reflects the significant value we deliver to the lower income individuals and government partners we serve. We continue to be confident about our prospects for achieving meaningful growth and appropriate returns on our capital as a result of the continued execution of our strategy.
In closing, I would like to thank our government partners and health and drug plan members for the opportunity to serve them, and our associates and business partners for their hard work and significant accomplishments during the past year. Finally, I want to thank our stockholders for their commitment to our company. We appreciate your support and investment.
Sincerely,
David J. Gallitano
Chairman of the Board and CEO April 2014
December March 2004 2014E
2004 2014E
 747,000
$1.40 billion
3.50 million
$11.68 billion
