To Our Stockholders, Members, Business Partners, and Government Customers:
Maria, a member of one of our Florida health plans, knows how health care costs add to the challenges of raising and caring for a child with a chronic medical condition. She is a single mother whose daughter requires ongoing intravenous medication therapy. As the cost of her private health insurance increased dramatically, from $600 to $1,300 per month, Maria was unable to retain her coverage. After becoming a WellCare member, Maria said she “cried tears of relief following her daughter’s first IV at home.”
Alec Cunningham Chief Executive Officer
With the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in March 2010, the landscape of health care was transformed. Quality, care management, costs, and many other aspects of government programs will see significant changes over the next several years. We believe many of these changes may offer significant growth opportunities for WellCare.
With health reform as a backdrop, early in 2010 we established three top priorities for our company: improving health care quality and access, achieving a competitive cost structure for both administrative and medical expenses, and delivering prudent, profitable growth. We believe these priorities are well aligned with the needs of our members and the objectives of our government customers, business partners, and stockholders. I would like to discuss with you the substantial progress we have made on each of them.
Improving Health Care Quality and Access
1
 Maria’s story is unique, but not unlike that of many of our members. Melody, another WellCare member, ultimately required five weeks of post-surgical hospitalization and six months of in-home nursing care following her hernia repair surgery. “The surgery went well, but the recovery was rough,” Melody said, but the WellCare case manager “helped me through every step of the ordeal.”
2010 was a year of many successes for WellCare, and also one of challenges and transition. Through it all, WellCare’s 3,300 associates stayed focused on the needs of Maria and her daughter, and Melody, and the millions of members whom we serve.
Our work to improve health care quality and access began with strong additions to our Board of Directors and senior leadership team. In late 2009, Glenn D. Steele, Jr., M.D., was appointed to the Board. The president and chief executive officer of the Geisinger Health System, Dr. Steele is a respected national leader in health care and now chairs our Board's Health Care Quality and Access Committee.
Also in the fall of 2009, we added a new senior vice president, Scott D. Law, to our health services organization. In July 2010, Ann O. Wehr, M.D., joined the Company as our chief medical officer. Dr. Wehr’s strong health policy credentials and experience managing a health plan bring a unique perspective to the leadership of our medical affairs initiatives and health policy strategy.
Jason’s Story:
Children with special needs can pose challenges for families navigating complex health care services and coverage. “When care is needed, WellCare is always there to provide for Jason’s needs. WellCare is wonderful,” says Jason’s father, Martin.
   
As a result, last August, we implemented a strategic and organizational restructuring that supported our objective of ensuring a competitive administrative cost structure. This restructuring resulted in new resources and investments in priority areas such as quality, operational infrastructure, and business development. Our objective was to better position WellCare for future opportunities and requirements in government health care programs.
2
Many of our 2010 infrastructure investments were focused on improving health care quality and access. We strengthened our encounter data reporting and analytics, enhanced our care management systems, and made other similar investments.
Our work in this area began to yield results when, in July 2010, our two Florida health plans were awarded full health plan accreditation by URAC, a Washington, D.C.-based health care accrediting organization that establishes quality standards for the health care industry. URAC's health plan accreditation standards include key quality benchmarks for network management, provider credentialing, utilization management, quality management and improvement and consumer protection. This is an important milestone for our Florida market, which is currently our largest. Our objective is to obtain similar accreditations for our other health plans.
Finally, we have improved our Medicare quality, or star, ratings for many of our Medicare Advantage plans and Prescription Drug Plans. For 2011, over 95 percent of our membership is enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan with a three star or better overall rating. In addition, the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set, or HEDIS® measures, for a number of our Medicaid plans improved during 2010, laying the foundation for further progress in 2011.
Achieving a Competitive Cost Structure
Our work on this important objective really began at the end of 2009, when we withdrew our Medicare Advantage private fee-for-service plans, which had generated approximately $1.1 billion in premium revenue in 2009. This significant change in our product portfolio set the stage for our administrative cost management initiatives during 2010. As work volumes stabilized following the withdrawal of these plans, our line of sight on cost management opportunities became clearer.
The restructuring included a workforce reduction resulting from improvements in business processes and operational effectiveness and the streamlining of our organizational structure, including the consolidation of certainfunctions. Atthesametime,wecentralizedandstandardizedthemanagementofanumberoffunctions that had been operating in different ways across our divisions. This change has enabled our leaders to assess processes from end to end, identifying inefficiencies and additional opportunities for cost reduction. And last fall, we further aligned our senior leadership team to continue to clarify the ownership of our cost drivers.
Business simplification, process improvement in our shared service functions, and continued evaluation of our organizational design will drive ongoing improvement in our administrative cost structure. We anticipate reducing our adjusted administrative expense ratio in 2011 as we progress toward our long-term target of the low 10 percent range, based on our current business and geographic mix. At the same time, we continue to invest in quality, compliance, and growth.
Medical cost management is also an important discipline for us in light of the challenging premium rate environment. Cost management initiatives contributed to reductions in the medical benefits ratios of each of our three segments in 2010. This will remain an area of focus for us.
 Fran’s Story:
Fran had a successful career as a legal secretary until she suffered a stroke. When Fran was faced with having to work without health insurance, she struggled with the medical bills. Coverage from WellCare made the difference. “If I had to pay for something else, I’d be out on the street,” says Fran.

 Solutions for Government Health Care Programs
WellCare serves only government health care programs, focusing on Medicaid and Medicare. Our dedication to our federal and state government customers helps us design and tailor our services to meet their specific needs and objectives. Given fiscal challenges, economic conditions, and the success of managed care programs over the long-term, we believe governments recognize the value of collaborating with us to deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions.

 Improving Health Care Quality and Access
WellCare’s health care quality and access initiatives are centered on preventive care and early treatment as well as our culturally diverse network of providers that includes approximately 75,000 physicians and specialists. We encourage the wise use of medical resources through, for example,
a focus on generic medications and in-home versus institutional care. In 2010, WellCare’s two Florida health plans were awarded full health plan accreditation by URAC, demonstrating our commitment to improving health care quality and access for our members and government customers.

Delivering Prudent, Profitable Growth: Medicaid
With respect to the third priority — growth — we are optimistic about opportunities in all of our segments, both in the near and long-term.
The Georgia Families program is well designed and has been highly effective in improving heath care quality, access and cost, and we are delighted to have the opportunity to continue to serve our members, state customers and providers in Georgia. As of December 31, 2010, we served approximately 566,000 children and adults in this program. For the year 2010, premium revenue from the program, excluding premium taxes, was $1.36 billion, which represented approximately 25 percent of the Company's total premium revenue excluding premium taxes in 2010.
5
A key focus during 2010 was positioning our Medicaid segment for renewed growth. From 2005 to 2010, the compound annual growth rate of our Medicaid premium revenue was 19 percent. We believe our track record demonstrates that we understand what it takes to deliver profitable growth in Medicaid.
Since early 2009, we have been sharing our view that state governments’ interest in managed care alternatives is increasing. Given ongoing fiscal challenges, economic conditions, and the success of Medicaid managed care programs over the long-term, we believe that states recognize the value of collaborating with us to deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions.
It appears that we are reaching the point at which this increased interest may translate into the expansion of existing programs and creation of new programs as well as the inclusion of previously unmanaged eligibility groups. As a result, our work to prepare for business development activity and the strengthening of our health care quality programs and operations should position us well for these opportunities, several of which we expect to develop in 2011 and 2012.
Equally important is the retention and growth of our existing programs. In February 2011, the Georgia Department of Community Health extended the term of our Georgia Families program managed care contract by one year to June 30, 2013, subject to execution of a contract amendment. In addition, the amendment is expected to include a renewal option allowing the contract term to be further extended by one additional year to June 30, 2014.
Also in 2010, in our home state, we expanded our participation in the Florida Healthy Kids program to two new counties.
The maturation of our Hawaii program is an important accomplishment over the past two years. This program serves the aged, blind, and disabled, or ABD, and managed long-term care populations. We believe that the integrated operating platform and care management tools that we developed and deployed to serve Hawaii’s frail elderly will be attractive to other government customers for improving health care quality and managing costs for the very important ABD population.
For example, in 2010, we strengthened and expanded our New York managed long-term care program by implementing the operating platform and clinical tools that were developed for our Hawaii program. We believe this will enhance the potential for this program to improve care and manage costs for the state of New York.
 Latonya’s Story:
“The most important thing that I like about WellCare is that they have good doctors on the plan,” says Latonya. “I never had a problem with payments. I love the plan and wouldn’t switch it for the world.”

Growing Our Medicare Plans
For 2011, our bids are below the benchmarks in 20 of the 34 regions established by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services — an increase of one region from 2010. In these 20 regions, we will be eligible for auto-assignment of low income subsidy members throughout 2011. In eight other regions in which our bid was slightly above the benckmark, we will retain for 2011 members who were auto-assigned to us in 2010. We will not receive new auto-assignment in these eight regions in 2011.
Turning to our Medicare Advantage plans, we believe we should achieve solid growth in our coordinated care plans in 2011. Our focus on the lower income segment of Medicare eligibility groups is a critical element of our strategy. In addition, we have a successful track record with provider risk sharing arrangements and community-based marketing programs. Currently most of our Medicare Advantage members are managed under risk sharing arrangements with physician groups.
We expanded our 2011 product portfolio by leveraging our existing Hawaii Medicaid platform to offer a Medicare Advantage special needs plan for the dually eligible population. Approximately two-thirds of our Hawaii Medicaid membership is dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. We think we can offer real value to Medicaid members who have been participating in our care management programs by adding Medicare as well.
Our 2011 Medicare Advantage products were designed to achieve an appropriate financial rate of return with benefit designs that are attractive to both current and prospective members. Our value was recognized by Senior Gold Choice Awards in 15 counties for “best value of benefit designs” versus our competitors. In addition, we invested in strengthening our transition of care and member on-boarding processes. Our Annual Election Period activities resulted in the addition of approximately 2,000 members, net of disenrollment, to our plans effective January 1, 2011.
For the remainder of the year, we expect membership growth to continue. Special needs plans for dual eligible beneficiaries, which we offer in 110 of our 119 counties, are expected to be a continued source of membership growth throughout 2011.
6
Our Medicare Prescription Drug Plans, or PDPs, performed well in 2010. Membership increased 21,000 during the year to 768,000 at year end, with premium revenue of $785 million. We benefited from strengthening the positioning of our benefits relative to member utilization patterns to offer more attractive products, while improving our margins. In addition, generic medication utilization has continued to increase.
Effective January 1, 2011, we added approximately 150,000 members, net of disenrollment, to our PDPs, representing 20 percent growth relative to our December 31, 2010 membership. A portion of this membership growth resulted from our being awarded the Pennsylvania State Pharmaceutical Assistance Program for 2011.
During the balance of 2011, we anticipate continued PDP membership growth as a result of auto-assignment of low income subsidy members. In addition, we believe our plans are well positioned relative to member utilization patterns, cost-sharing, and a focus on generic medications, for what is a very value- and cost- conscious population. As such, we also anticipate additional voluntary enrollment throughout the year.
 Alfred’s Story:
Some members, like Alfred, struggle with the rising cost of health care. “I know this coverage has improved my quality of life and allows me to get by on my fixed income,” Alfred says of his WellCare coverage.

 Focused on Reducing Costs
WellCare is intensely focused on the management of medical and administrative expenses to help ensure our members and government customers receive more value for their health care dollar. We anticipate reducing our adjusted administrative expense ratio in 2011. At the same time, we continue to invest in health care quality and access and expansion of our services.

Resolving Historical Legal Matters
8
We made considerable progress during 2010 in resolving historical legal matters. On June 24, 2010, we announced a preliminary agreement with the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and certain other parties to settle their pending inquiries. If the final agreement is approved, we will pay the Civil Division $137.5 million plus interest over a period of 36 months from the date of the agreement.
On August 9, 2010, we announced that we reached agreement on the material terms of a settlement that will resolve the securities class action consolidated complaint filed against the Company. Preliminary court approval occurred in February 2011. Total principal payments under the agreement will amount to $200 million, and over one- half of that amount will not be paid until December 2016. Given the significant amount of the two settlements, we have structured the agreement in a way that helps ensure adequate liquidity for the Company.
Our objective has been to resolve these matters in a way that enables our continued transformation. During this process, we have worked diligently to support investigations, remediate issues from the past and position ourselves for long-term leadership in government-sponsored health care programs. Upon final resolution of these two matters, we will have addressed the financial aspects of the legal proceedings that began in late 2007.
Looking Forward
We are pleased with our accomplishments during 2010, and we are optimistic about our opportunities to achieve strategic and financial progress in 2011. We entered 2011 with a sound financial and operational foundation, and we plan to maintain our focus on our top three priorities. We believe the investments we will make to improve health care quality and access, ensure a competitive cost structure, and deliver prudent, profitable growth will continue to drive stronger performance. In addition, we will continue working toward our target of a sustained long-term operating margin of three percent to five percent, based on our current mix of markets and products.
I also would like to recognize the hard work, commitment, and significant achievements of our associates during 2010, which have positioned us well for the future. It is an honor to be a part of the WellCare team.
This is an exciting time for government health care programs. State and federal fiscal conditions and health care are at the forefront of the national policy debate. Given the depth of the challenges, and the continued uncertain economic times, there is significant potential for new developments that include private sector solutions.
Over the long-term, Medicaid managed care programs have proven effective in helping our government customers deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions. We believe the results for Medicare are similar. From our experience, we know that our solutions work across both programs and for the full spectrum of eligibility groups. The low income, the frail elderly, and those dually eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare, in particular, benefit from our programs. And our government customers who fund the programs for these vulnerable populations gain a great deal from partnering with us in terms of cost, quality, and access.
In 2010, WellCare celebrated the twenty-fifth anniversary of the founding of our company. We have seen enormous changes in health care over that period. Through it all, we have adapted to change, expanded our services, and grown the markets we serve. We believe we will continue to adapt and grow by remaining true to our mission — to enhance our members’ health and quality of life by collaborating with our government customers and business partners to deliver quality, cost-effective health care solutions. Thank you for your interest in WellCare.
Sincerely,
Alec Cunningham Chief Executive Officer
 