   Alec Cunningham CEO
To our stockholders, members, government clients, and providers:
WellCare continued to expand and enhance our services to members, providers and government clients during 2009. We helped millions of people across the United States access affordable, quality health care.
The year was one of significant challenge for the industry and our company. The economic downturn generated extraordinary state and federal fiscal pressures in an uncertain regulatory environment. Despite those headwinds, WellCare finished 2009 a stronger company. We resolved a number of
legal and regulatory challenges, became current in our financial reporting, and strengthened our balance sheet. Equally important, we believe we achieved considerable progress in restoring trust and confidence in our company—with our members, clients, regulators, providers, associates, and investors.
WellCare remains committed to serving many of our country’s most vulnerable populations. Current economic conditions have underscored the importance of our mission to enhance our members’ health and quality of life by collaborating with our government clients and providers to deliver quality, cost- effective health care solutions. Our 2009 results reflect strong progress on this mission. Our Medicaid plans grew to serve nearly 1.35 million members in seven states. Membership increased as we helped our state government clients serve additional beneficiaries despite substantial fiscal challenges.
We are particularly excited about the February 2009 launch of our Hawai‘i program for aged, blind and disabled Medicaid beneficiaries. This program is improving the lives of over 20,000 Hawaiians, and is helping the state manage difficult fiscal conditions. The technology and infrastructure that we developed for this program should be attractive to other government clients as they consider innovative health care solutions for the very significant aged, blind or disabled populations.
In our Medicare business, we focused on our strongest opportunities by withdrawing our private fee- for-service plans at the end of the year. In addition, our re-engagement in the enrollment of members into our coordinated care plans and standalone prescription drug plans is going well. The results indicate that improvements in our infrastructure and processes have yielded solid operational gains.
Other 2009 accomplishments include substantial investments in compliance, technology and our infrastructure. We also have strengthened our management team, and streamlined operations through process improvement and other actions. We resolved significant legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including the release from a marketing sanction by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. We are confident that we have emerged from these challenges as a stronger company.
As we move forward in 2010, we are investing in our top priorities. These are, first, improving health care quality and access for our members. We continue to work closely with providers and government clients to further enhance health care delivery. Second, we continue to focus on ensuring a competitive cost position in both administrative and medical expenses. Our cost-management initiatives are concentrated on aligning our expense structure with our current revenue base through end-to-end process improvement and other initiatives. And third, we are committed to prudent, profitable growth. We are focused on programs that help governments provide quality health care within their fiscal constraints, and present a long-term, financially sound business opportunity for WellCare. We believe recently enacted federal health reform legislation, as well as economic conditions and federal and state fiscal challenges, will lead to increased demand for our services.
In closing, I want to thank our associates for their hard work and accomplishments during 2009 which have positioned us well for future success. I also want to thank our members, providers and government clients for the opportunity to strengthen our value and service to them. We are confident that we are well positioned to continue to build on our achievements and to be an exemplary leader in government health care programs.
Sincerely,
Alec Cunningham Chief Executive Officer April 30, 2010
            