Results of operations in fiscal 2003 again proved the worth of Western
Digital’s approach to its business as our company reported another outstanding
year of growth and profitability. On 36 percent greater unit volume and a
revenue increase of 26 percent, Western Digital delivered nearly four times the
prior year’s operating income and nearly a threefold increase in net income.
Results were the best in five years and we continue to outperform a broad set of other computing hardware companies across the information technology
industry.
The hard drive industry has been doing very well, notwithstanding a
prolonged slowdown in overall spending levels in information technology.
Industry observers estimate that the overall hard drive market will have grown
9.5 percent in calendar 2003 to over 227 million units. Hard drive industry
pricing has moderated over the past two years, and industry inventories have
been consistently managed within disciplined ranges – all signs of a more
mature and rational, albeit still intensely competitive, industry. Furthermore,
the focus of the remaining major independent players continues to demonstrate
an emphasis on sustained profitability, cash generation and creation of
shareholder value.
In this environment, Western Digital has thrived with thoughtful
implementation of industry-leading technology, superb execution of our
product and manufacturing plans, and a great customer base. Western Digital
has maintained its leadership position at the very high end of the desktop hard
drive market and begun addressing the near-line storage market with the fastest
and highest-capacity drive based on 80-gigabyte technology – a 7200 RPM,
250 gigabyte drive in both serial and parallel ATA interfaces. Our transition to
80 gigabyte-per-platter technology in our desktop products is effectively
complete. We have qualified this technology with all leading OEM customers
and we are shipping the technology to each of them.
With the introduction of our first Enterprise Serial ATA (ESATA) hard
drives in fiscal 2003, we were key participants in the development of an
industry infrastructure to support the migration of enterprise-class customers
from costly SCSI technology to the highly efficient and cost-effective Serial
ATA interface. This technology improves traditional EIDE performance and
data protection to the levels needed in mid-level server, workstation and the
newer near-store enterprise applications, heretofore the domain of the costlier
SCSI drives. Because Western Digital has been an exclusive producer of EIDE drives and has no SCSI product line to protect, we benefit even further from the
shift to ESATA. TrendFOCUS estimates that by calendar 2006, approximately 36.1 percent of hard drives shipped to enterprise-class customers will have the Serial ATA interface. Serial ATA technology will also rapidly become the standard interface for desktop computers as manufacturers place Serial ATA in their products.
Our initiatives to grow the revenue base extend beyond the desktop and
enterprise markets, into new applications that have just begun to embrace the performance and cost effectiveness of rotating magnetic storage. We supply drives to Microsoft Corp. for its Xbox® video game system; to TiVo Inc. for its personal video recorders; and to Scientific-Atlanta Inc. for its home entertainment servers.
In fiscal 2003, approximately
6 percent of Western Digital’s
unit shipments went to these
and other non-PC business

customers. TrendFOCUS
estimates that unit shipments
by the drive industry into the
personal entertainment segment
will grow to 23.4 million in
calendar 2004, representing
66.8 percent growth.
Shortly after the end of fiscal 2003, we announced our intention to re-enter
the market for notebook PC hard drives, the fastest growing segment of the traditional markets for our products. We expect to be shipping product to notebook PC customers within the next 12-18 months.
As in past years, Western Digital products won praise from many leading
trade publications in 2002 and 2003. They include the VARBusiness Annual
Report Card award; PC World Magazine’s World Class award; Maximum PC Magazine’s Gear of the Year award; Computer Shopper Magazine’s 100 Best Products award; and Smart Computing Magazine’s Smart Choice award. Western Digital also swept the Best of 2002 Readers’ Choice award in the mass storage category from Tom’s Hardware Guide, a leading Internet resource for independent PC hardware reviews.
After year-end, Western Digital won a sharply contested bidding contest for
the assets of Read-Rite Corp., historically one of our primary sources for recording heads. The acquisition of Read-Rite’s assets was completed on July 31, 2003, and work began at once to resume wafer fabrication at the former Read-Rite facility in Fremont, California, with an accompanying ramp of production at the newlyacquired head slider, head gimbal and head stacking facility in Bang Pa-In, Thailand.
Our decision to acquire these assets is a shift from our traditional nonvertically integrated model and was spurred by the reduction of merchant head
suppliers to two following the demise of Read-Rite as an independent entity. The acquisition ensures our long-term access to recording head technologies – the most technically advanced component in our hard drives – and will greatly increase our operational flexibility. Although we understand the challenges associated with this initiative, we intend to combine our operational expertise and manufacturing
process excellence with the strong technology heritage and expertise of Read-Rite to run the most efficient head business in the industry.
Western Digital’s financial condition remains excellent, with more cash and
greater shareholders’ equity than in the past four years. The last of our long-term debt, a Western Digital Technologies issue of zero coupon convertible subordinated debentures due in 2018, was redeemed this year. Our operations generated a total of $281 million of cash in the 2003 fiscal year, thanks to tight control of inventories, receivables and all other assets. With our business model, we believe we will continue to be a substantial generator of cash in the future.
Western Digital maintained its standing among high tech leaders in the area
of corporate governance. We appointed two outstanding individuals to the Board of Directors in the last year. Michael D. Lambert joined the Board early in the 2003 fiscal year. Michael is a veteran of three decades’ service in the technology industry and a leader in the enterprise computing sector, having been a senior executive of Dell Computer Corp., Compaq Computer Corp. and NCR Corp. William L.
Kimsey came to the Board this March after a 32-year career with Ernst & Young, including service as that firm’s global chief executive officer. Both of these new directors bring exemplary reputations and special perspectives to our company.

We are very optimistic about Western Digital’s long-term outlook. The past
several years have demonstrated the value of our focus on operational excellence, the growth potential of our business model, and the continued improvements in our industry. We have never been more excited about the relevance of our technology and the growth prospects of the increasingly diverse markets that we serve. We will continually evaluate and refine both our plans and our business model in order to take full advantage of the opportunities in front of us. In the coming months, we
will be working hard to bring our newly-acquired recording-head operations to peak efficiency and competitiveness for future generations of technology.
With a high-energy and motivated team and abundant financial resources at
hand, the future looks very bright for Western Digital.
