Western Digital had an outstanding year in fiscal 2005. Revenues, operating income, cash flow and earnings per share grew strongly; our financial condition improved; and our development efforts yielded new opportunities in fast-growing markets.
The global market for personal computers – the industry’s
highest volume market – continued its steady growth, and
other applications for rotating magnetic storage opened numerous opportunities for even more rapid growth. Geographic
diversification also played a part in WD’s strong results as revenues climbed in high-growth international markets such as those of
Asia, which now accounts for nearly a third of our revenue.
We continued to focus on cash and asset management, resulting in cash flow from operations of $461 million – well over twice that
of the previous year. As a result, WD’s balance sheet improved,
with year-end cash and short-term investments of $598 million
and shareholders’ equity reaching a record $702 million.
The company’s better financial results were accompanied by substantially greater investments in research and development. The products that resulted from this effort now give WD the ability to
serve more than 80 percent of the total available market for hard
drives, up from 60 percent just a year ago. We will be addressing
90 percent of the world’s hard drive markets when our new, oneinch drives begin shipping.
In last year’s report, I outlined our near-term aims: maintaining
steady, profitable growth in desktop hard drives by further
leveraging our leadership position in the industry’s highest-volume market; building our market position in hard drives for enterpriseclass applications, personal video recorders, and other consumer entertainment products; making a measured, rational entry into
the mobile personal computer hard drive market; and extending
our design and manufacturing expertise into even smaller form
factor drives for application in consumer electronics devices.
We made substantial progress on all these initiatives:
• WD further enlarged its presence as a leading producer of desktop hard drives of high quality and reliability.
• We strengthened our product portfolio in the Serial ATA enterprise market with our WD Raptor® and WD Caviar® RE (RAID Edition)
hard drives, including new products in 400 gigabyte capacities,
and we saw steadily increasing acceptance of these products.
• WD more than tripled its unit volume in hard drives for personal
and digital video recorders, building volume with existing customers
and adding new ones in this still relatively new market that values
and consumes higher storage capacities than the desktop PC market.
• We produced our first 2.5-inch hard drives and sold more than one million of them throughout fiscal 2005 to some of the leading
producers of notebook PCs, a market that continues to see very
healthy growth rates.
• We prepared for the introduction of our one-inch form factor
hard drives, initially for MP3 players but to potentially include applications such as digital cameras, portable PC storage and
cell phones.
The company also improved its volume in retail storage last year, an increasingly significant opportunity to leverage the WD brand. We
added new retail customers in North America and Europe; doubled sales of external storage units; and launched the NetCenterTM and the 2.5-inch

WD PassportTM drives for the small business and digital home markets. Substantial investments in research and development will continue, as required in the fast-changing and highly competitive hard drive business. The greater funding and more rapid pace of our R&D work means the entire WD product line will be refreshed by the end of calendar year 2006.
The business model put into place five years ago has served us well. It aims to offer highly reliable and high quality products at prices required for mass-market adoption while providing adequate profit margins and cash flow. As market prices are driven steadily lower by customer demand, competitive forces and production efficiencies, WD’s model continues to provide the returns and the funds for reinvestment that we require in new products, new technologies and our manufacturing infrastructure.
Ample cash flow last year also enabled us to repurchase 4.8 million shares of Western Digital common stock for a total of $45 million. This brought the totals to 6.7 million shares and $61 million since our $100 million repurchase authorization was approved by the Board in May of 2004. We will take advantage of opportunities to acquire more shares as they occur, consistent with our promise to work for greater shareholder value.
Another of our responsibilities to shareholders is to maintain a sound and deep leadership team. After nearly six years as chief executive officer, I recently informed the Board of Directors of my desire to relinquish that role and of my interest in remaining active with the company as executive chairman of the Board. Subsequently, the Board named WD’s president Arif Shakeel to the additional post of chief executive officer, effective October 1. Arif has prepared for the CEO position over the last several years, having held leadership roles in every aspect of our business. He is an effective, thoughtful and decisive leader, respected by his colleagues in the company and throughout the hard drive industry. I will serve as executive chairman, consulting with Arif on strategy and management development and remaining involved in customer and investor relations.
We further strengthened the senior management team in June with the appointment of long-time WD operations executive
John F. Coyne as executive vice president, worldwide operations. These moves will better prepare us to scale our operations and resources into new, high-growth markets in the years ahead.
Our long-term outlook remains favorable. We have a product lineup, quality reputation and track record that earn ongoing business from our long-time OEM, distribution and retail customers. The market over the coming years should be very good for our proven desktop and enterprise products, and the addition of smaller form factor drives for notebook computers and handheld consumer electronics products, along with the personal and digital video recorder market, should enable us to substantially grow our non-desktop PC business in the years ahead.
We have a great deal to do, and many ways to grow. Our management has pledged to maintain the research and development effort,
the facilities, the financial resources and the professional team we need to take advantage of all our opportunities. We look forward to reporting continued favorable results to enable continued growth in
the value of our company.
