Fellow Shareholders
Western Digital Corporation performed well in fiscal 2002, producing
excellent gains in volume and profitability despite difficult conditions in the personal computer market, our company’s largest. Our results were the best in four years. Revenues grew 10 percent, to $2.15 billion, fueled by WD’s continued leadership in desktop drives in the highest capacity and performance classes, our new line of value drives for mainstream PCs, and our participation in new, non-PC applications of
hard drives. Our unit volume rose 31 percent to a total of 29.1 million hard drives. Our hard drive business was profitable in every quarter, continuing a profit performance begun in early fiscal 2001. Company-wide, Western Digital has
been profitable since the second fiscal quarter of 2002, thanks to tremendous company-wide efforts in the improvement of efficiencies and cost controls, as well as to the completion of our involvement with start-up ventures.
There were significant changes in the hard drive industry in fiscal 2002.
One major competitor worked through its acquisition of another; two producers announced a joint venture; and a fifth competitor left the desktop hard drive
business. Meanwhile, the personal computer business suffered its worst results in a decade. The hard drive industry nevertheless operated at a stronger pace, with shipments nearly 12 percent greater in the first half of calendar 2002 – the final half of our fiscal year – than in the corresponding period of 2001, which illustrates that the need for data storage continues to be a priority, even in difficult economic times. Western Digital continued its leadership in the 7200 RPM segment of the
hard drive business – addressing high-performance storage applications such as music, video, Internet downloads and other demanding applications. Just after year’s end we introduced a 200 gigabyte offering, our fourth successive generation of
7200 RPM product leadership. Based on the industry’s consolidation and on our ability to execute well and efficiently in the high-end of the desktop business, customers asked us to participate more actively in the entry-level market. We responded quickly with a 5400 RPM value line that has enabled us to serve the
broad mix of the overall market more fully, including the fast-growing Asia Pacific region.
The tremendous potential offered by non-PC applications of rotating
magnetic storage materialized early last year when WD began shipments of drives to Microsoft for its new XboxTM game consoles. The inclusion of a hard drive in the Xbox is one of the most important developments in the history of our industry. Although it is our newest customer, Microsoft quickly became one of our largest. Combining our Xbox shipments with our hard drive deliveries to other new customers such as TiVo for its personal video recorders and Scientific-Atlanta for its home entertainment servers, more than 10 percent of our unit shipments in fiscal 2002 went to business segments that barely existed just a year earlier. Western Digital’s marketing and engineering staffs are working aggressively to expand our reach further into such non-PC related markets.
Great potential is also presented by a next-generation development known as
the Serial ATA interface, which gives hard drives of the kind made by Western Digital many of the performance and data protection features of the more expensive SCSI drives used in enterprise applications. It is an innovation that permits information technology managers to add high-performance storage capacity within limited budgets. Even without this feature, EIDE hard drives already have earned an eight percent share of the server market. Industry experts say that Serial ATA drives in the enterprise will rise to 27 percent of the market by 2005. This development is

particularly important to Western Digital because we are exclusively a producer of
EIDE drives and have no SCSI products that would be displaced by this new technology. Serial ATA also is slated to become the standard desktop interface as computer manufacturers begin placing Serial ATA onto their motherboards.
In fiscal 2002, we made good on our commitment to eliminate losses associated
with our new ventures through a combination of divestiture or restructuring. We sold
the Connex NAS business, our SANavigator business and our remaining ownership share in SageTree. At year’s end, we discontinued funding for Keen Personal Media
and Cameo Technologies and sought investment partners for their intellectual
properties.
Also during the year, we acquired and began operating a manufacturing facility
in Thailand as a second source to our very productive and efficient facility in
Malaysia. The Thai facility had been owned by Fujitsu, a competitor that left the
desktop hard drive business. In recent years, WD has established a core competency
in the assembly of drives that provided cost savings and the ability to shift our
product mix rapidly in response to changing customer requirements. When volume growth required more manufacturing capacity to maintain this flexibility, the
availability of the Thai plant and its approximately 1,000 former Fujitsu workers experienced in hard drive assembly made this a very attractive solution. We were able
to refit the plant to WD processes and quality standards at much less cost than would have been required to expand the Malaysian facility.
Western Digital’s financial condition remains sound. We ended the year with
more cash, less debt, and greater shareholders’ equity than at any time in the past
three years. All our assets are being managed intensively; inventories, for example, rose to over a 25-time turn rate in the year’s fourth quarter.
Arif Shakeel, who had been serving as Chief Operating Officer, was appointed
to the additional office of President in January 2002. Arif and his team have been the key figures in Western Digital’s return to leadership in its industry.
In line with our aim to continuously improve our corporate governance,
Western Digital appointed Michael D. Lambert to the Board of Directors soon after year’s end. Michael is a veteran of three decades’ service in the technology industries, having been a senior executive of Dell Computer Corporation, Compaq Computer Corporation and NCR Corporation.
Following the revelations of malfeasance in some large U.S. companies,
corporate managements have been required to accept responsibility for the
accuracy and fidelity of their companies’ financial statements. This is a pleasant
duty for us, as we have always demanded complete, honest and transparent reports
of our company’s financial condition and operating results. So, we sign and accept responsibility for the accompanying statements with confidence and pride.
Western Digital’s long-term outlook is excellent. Our business operations
are in excellent shape, and our focus will be on continued execution to our
product roadmap. The growth of our business will be driven by many factors: our increased focus and presence in rapidly emerging markets for desktops PCs; the eventual replacement of aging desktop PCs in business organizations with new
PCs; the emergence of Serial ATA-based hard drives in applications traditionally dominated by SCSI technology; and the acceptance of new consumer electronics products containing hard drives.
Perhaps the greatest stimulants to the growth of our industry are some that
only now are becoming known. Innovations such as broadband and peer-to-peer computing, for example, hold the potential for spectacular advances in the

application of our present technology. What is more, we believe our user industries have more innovations in mind that will call for the wide-scale use of our kinds of information storage. Western Digital is structured with the production capacity, design flexibility, financial resources and determination to respond to each of these opportunities as it arises.
Our business model is designed for leanness and efficiency, with the result
that substantial portions of incremental volume and revenue can be generated without corresponding growth in our operating expenses. We will continue our efforts to win a significant share of the business on the basis of our quality, reliability and ease of doing business in our traditional markets, and to win our fair share of the business now becoming available from new uses of rotating magnetic storage.
SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY
CASH from CONTINUING OPERATIONS Matthew E. Massengill
