  Letter
to
our
Western Digital Corporation’s fiscal year 1998 yielded developments in technology that promise to reshape the Company’s product and competitive landscape. The year’s final three quarters were marked by excess capacity, overproduction and aggressive pricing in the hard drive industry which resulted in a deterioration of operating results. We also experienced operating issues related to the accelerated transition from thin-film recording head technology to magnetoresistive (MR) head technology. It’s a good year to have behind us.
We acted as quickly as possible in response to the industry’s oversupply and higher-than-normal competitive pricing pressures. We reduced production by 10 million hard drives from planned levels to avoid increasing the industry-wide
oversupply. We reduced global employment by approximately 20 percent and cut back capital spending plans by approximately 30 percent. We discontinued our production of three- inch drives for the portable computer market, accelerated the transition to MR recording heads, and moved to cut costs in every operating activity.
Hard drive and PC inventories continued to grow in the industry’s distribution channel throughout the year. Pricing pressure grew more intense, resulting in reported losses for every publicly owned hard drive manufacturer. Western Digital realized an operating loss following a 15 percent decrease in revenues and a 13-point decline in gross profit margin from fiscal 1997.
Our market share in desktop PC hard drives was impacted in fiscal 1998, primarily because of the timing of our transition from thin-film to MR head technology. The MR head implemen- tation has gone extremely well and is now complete in the desktop portion of our business. It’s time to look forward.
 SHAREHOLDERS
   
   In fact, in the final quarter of the 1998 fiscal year, Western Digital’s unit volume and market share with the leading desktop PC makers increased, quarter-over-quarter. Almost from the first day, our yields on MR products have been the highest in the history of the Company.
The year’s most significant develop- ment was the completion of a broad- based hard drive component supply and technology licensing agreement with IBM Corporation. IBM will supply Western Digital with its lead- ing technology components and designs for our production of desktop hard drives. The drives we produce under this agreement should greatly improve WD’s competitiveness in terms of time-to-market, time-to- capacity and cost. We expect to begin production of WD hard drives incor- porating IBM’s advanced technologies in the first half of calendar 1999.
This strategic relationship enables Western Digital to leverage our high- volume manufacturing and design efficiency, our customer relationships and our marketing know-how in the challenging desktop hard drive business.
Throughout fiscal 1998, Western Digital’s Enterprise Storage Group continued to grow as it supplied the vigorous market for hard drives used
in workstations, servers and other networking applications. In its first 18 months of volume shipments, Western Digital’s high-end product line captured an eight percent share of this market.
Research and development continues at a rapid pace along with the IBM- based product developments. During the year, Western Digital’s Personal Storage Division introduced two generations of desktop drives incorporating MR head technology. Our Enterprise Storage Group delivered one of the industry’s first low-profile (LP), MR-based 9.1 GB Ultra SCSI drives.
Fiscal year 1999 dawned with Western Digital’s strongest new product roadmaps in place for both the desk- top and enterprise markets. With a 50 percent year-to-year increase in enterprise storage product research and development spending, we plan to bring a full enterprise storage product line that features 18 GB/LP, half-height, 10,000 RPM and fibre channel offerings to the market over the next 18 months. In the high- volume desktop market, improving time-to-market on 3.4 GBper platter products and the next-generation
4.3 GB per platter platform, coupled with WD hard drives featuring IBM technology, will fortify our product roadmap and position our Personal

   Storage Division to increase volume and market share.
In the face of one of the hard drive industry’s longest down cycles, WD maintains a strong balance sheet and vigorous asset management practices. Last February, we brought to market an offering of zero coupon convertible subordinated debentures that grew in response to investor demand from $250 million to $460 million. At
the end of fiscal 1998, our cash and cash equivalents totalled $460 million. As a result, WD is well positioned financially in this cyclical market.
We have reason for optimism about the Company’s long-term future.
We foresee continuing growth in the enterprise storage business, in the market for sub-$1,000 desktop PCs, and in commercial desktop computers requiring high performance for demanding graphics and internet applications. Western Digital is well equipped to meet the growing needs of all these business sectors. We are also very optimistic about the opportunity to increase our market leadership, powered by technological advancements now available to us through our relationship with IBM and renewed vigor in our own design efforts.
We have ambitious plans for Western Digital’s fiscal year 1999 and the years beyond. We have the people, the financial resources and the will to realize these plans. I look forward to reporting improved results as our strategy and plans are implemented and our industry’s cycle is reversed.
Sincerely,
Charles A. Haggerty Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer September 22, 1998
 