WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

To O u r S h a r e h o l d e r s :

PAGE

2.

WESTERN D IGITAL HAD ANOTHER EXCELLENT YEAR. Revenues and earnings grew to record levels in fiscal 1995 even though competition remained intense, particularly in our core hard drive business. We were able to gain hard drive market share, improve our financial position and earn an important quality distinction last year, thanks to the dedication and hard work of more than seven thousand Western Digital employees worldwide.
Charles A. Haggerty

Operating Income (in millions)

Our Microcomputer Products Group posted very satisfying results,

operating profitably throughout the year for the first time. This improvement was made in concert with the conversion of the Group's integrated circuit packaging and test plant in Malaysia to hard drive production, which required a shift to complete reliance on external sources for components. We have ambitious long-term growth goals for this operation. The Company's Personal Storage Group again set records in unit shipments and revenues. Competition remains very tough in this part of our business, which has settled into a cluster of five principal competitors. Western Digital ranks among the top producers of 3.5-inch hard drives for personal computers, and indications are that our Personal Storage Group was a leader in market share gains last year. This very profitable and responsive operation, by far our largest, is regularly first to market and first to volume in its industry's unending product-development marathon. Its facilities are being expanded, and its prospects are bright. A third product group has been created to design and produce high-performance, highcapacity hard drives. The market for these drives, currently with capacities of two gigabytes or more, is being driven by strong demand from producers of workstations and servers. These segments account for roughly 22 percent of the hard drive industry's revenue and a greater portion of its operating earnings. We are certain that Western Digital's reputation for quality, reliability, responsiveness and customer satisfaction will help our new product line take hold quickly. This is an extremely important strategic step for our Company. A manufacturing facility for this activity is now being prepared in Singapore and is scheduled to be in production by the end of fiscal 1996. The amount and quality of the competition in all our product lines require that the Company maintain a regular flow of fresh, innovative products. With a goal of keeping Revenues (in millions)

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

PAGE

3.

Western Digital first in quality market, first to market and first to volume, we have committed to invest more than $1 billion in research and development over the next five years. Western Digital's strong financial performance last year enabled us to reduce the Company's long-term debt to zero. The last debt issue, about $40 million of convertible subordinated debentures, was called for redemption in June 1995. The Company's share-repurchase program, extended by the Board of Directors until September 1996, was interrupted by the call of our convertible debenture issue. As of the fiscal year's end, our treasury had completed the purchase of about one and a half percent of the Company's shares. The Board's authorization is for as much as 10 percent. We will continue to monitor stock price movements and act when appropriate in order to build value for our shareholders. During the 1995 fiscal year, Western Digital earned company-wide ISO 9001 registration, becoming the first of the then-member companies of the FORTUNE 500 to be so recognized. The award of this registration honors the establishment of quality-assurance processes throughout Western Digital, from manufacturing and marketing to such enterprise-wide services as human resources and finance, and in locations from Singapore and Malaysia to Irvine and Munich. We take it as a challenge to further improve our commitment to excellence in high-technology products, processes and communication. We have many opportunities: continued rapid market growth in PC hard drives; the leverage of our Company's expertise in semiconductor devices, input/output links, software and board designs into the development of fibre channel fabric products; and the great promise offered by markets for our exciting new high-performance, high-capacity hard drives. So, we are optimistic about the future of our markets and of Western Digital. We aim to take advantage of the opportunities before us.

Earnings per Share

Shareholders' Equity (in millions)

Sincerely,

September 21, 1995


Charles A. Haggerty Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

