                                A Message from the CEO
 Steve Milligan
Chief Executive Officer Western Digital Corporation
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
This was a transformative year for our company. In
fiscal 2016, we successfully completed the acquisition
of SanDisk, commenced the integration of substantial portions of our WD and HGST businesses and embarked on a joint venture with our strategic partner Unis in China. These significant developments have laid the foundation for us, as the world’s largest data storage solutions provider, to make the promise of data a reality and deliver on its possibilities.
We are continuing to execute the vision we laid out several years ago to provide a full spectrum of storage solutions to our customers across three key categories: Datacenter Devices and Solutions, Client Devices, and Client Solutions. Given our rich heritage of operational excellence, broad R&D capabilities and extensive product and technology assets, we’re excited about our path ahead as a truly broad-based developer, manufacturer and provider of storage solutions.
In addition to achieving the transformative milestones of the past year, we have also made significant progress on our key initiatives to drive value creation:
• We completed the alignment of our product and technology roadmaps involving legacy WD, HGST and SanDisk products.
• We celebrated the opening of the New Fab 2 wafer manufacturing facility in Yokkaichi, Japan with Toshiba, underscoring the continued strength of our 16-year NAND partnership.
• We announced our next-generation 3D NAND technology, BiCS3, with an industry-leading 64 layers of vertical storage capability. Pilot production of BiCS3 has commenced, and we expect meaningful commercial volumes in the first half of calendar 2017.
• We are on target to achieve our synergy goals from the integration activities that are underway.
• We remain focused on investing in our business and technology to ensure that we can adapt quickly to address shifting customer needs and industry developments. We, along with our customers, are immersed in and responding to the new and emerging drivers of growth and innovation. These include changes in the methods of storage in client devices, new product cycles in mobile devices and PCs, as well as increasing digital content being stored and managed on hard drives and SSDs in the cloud environment. Not only are we seizing the opportunity in mobile and cloud, but we are also benefiting from SSDs penetrating further into PCs even as PC unit volumes shrink. Finally, we are positioned well as the flash industry transitions to 3D NAND with our next-generation technology.

                                Our strategy of driving innovation and relentless execution is delivering financial
results. In fiscal 2016, Western Digital achieved revenue of $13 billion and net income
of $242 million. The company generated $2 billion in cash from operations during
the 2016 fiscal year, and returned $524 million in dividends and share repurchases combined. Shortly after the close of the fiscal year, we repaid in full the $3 billion bridge loan associated with the financing of the SanDisk acquisition and more recently repriced one of our term loans at more favorable rates. We will continue to be aggressive in paying down our debt to achieve our goal of attaining investment grade status in three to five years and our dividend remains in place.
As technology and data play an increasingly prominent role in the lives of individuals and organizations, we are enthusiastic about the vast opportunities presented by the unabated growth in data. We also recognize the challenges of meeting the constantly changing needs of the IT industry with new solutions, faster technologies and more effective tools to store and manage data.
Today, we are positioned better than ever to address the evolving needs of the IT industry and the infrastructure that underpins the proliferation of data across multiple devices and platforms in virtually every industry. With our newly transformed business, we are redefining the company as a future-focused, innovative global leader delivering possibilities through data. Throughout this process, we will remain true to our heritage of seamlessly delivering world-class products and service to our customers and our commitment to creating long-term value for our shareholders.
As we look back on our accomplishments and look forward to what lies ahead, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and also warmly welcome our legacy SanDisk employees to Western Digital. In addition, I want to express our gratitude to our shareholders, customers and partners for their continued support. I am inspired by
your enthusiasm for Western Digital, and I look forward to working together with you during this exciting time for our company.
Steve Milligan
Chief Executive Officer Western Digital Corporation September 22, 2016
