tO OUR stOcKHOlDERs,
It began with an urgent need. Wisconsin was short power. As the 1990s drew to a close with threats of brownouts and blackouts, it was clear that the state had too little generating capacity and too few transmission lines. out of that need was born a plan called power the Future — a plan to transform the energy infrastructure of the region.
Today, more than a decade after the concept was first proposed, I’m pleased to report that the major elements of our power the Future plan are complete.
The road has not been an easy one. As you may recall, it included a detour to the Wisconsin Supreme Court, where our permits to build the centerpiece of the plan — two state-of-the-art coal-fired units at our oak Creek site — were reinstated after a seven-month delay. Through legal issues, design challenges, and even the snowiest winter in modern time, our staff and contractors persevered.
Today, the results are clear. We have transformed the region’s energy supply network by building more than 2,400 megawatts of modern, efficient generation that will support jobs and economic growth for years to come. We have 50 percent more generating capacity today than we did a decade ago. But our emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury will be 70 percent less. Those statistics speak volumes about the efficiency of our new power plants and the effectiveness of the environmental controls that we’ve added to our existing units.
We’ve also made great strides toward our goal of becoming the industry leader in customer satisfaction. And — by any measure — we’ve consistently delivered superior returns for our stockholders.
As we enter 2011, the company stands at a very positive inflection point. There’s more work to do... more growth to come...more value to be created. I’ll write more about our future in a moment, but first, a recap of an exceptional 2010.
The year brought encouraging signs of a return to economic growth across Wisconsin and the upper peninsula of Michigan — a region known for its strong manufacturing and industrial base. After a dismal 2009, electricity use by our industrial customers grew by nine percent. Household energy use also rose during 2010 as warm, humid summer temperatures blanketed the Midwest.
Higher energy sales, effective cost controls, and the completion of unit 1 at the oak Creek expansion led to record earnings. Net income from continuing operations reached $454 million or $3.84 a share. Cash flow was strong, and we ended 2010 with our debt to total capital at 54.1 percent — better than plan and better than year-end 2009.
The financial markets responded positively to our continued progress. The market value of the company continued to grow — surpassing $7 billion for the first time. In fact, Wisconsin Energy stock hit 45 new all-time trading highs during 2010. our share price ended the year 18.1 percent higher than at the close of 2009.
once again, our total shareholder return outpaced — by a significant margin — the return you would have earned by investing in the Dow Jones Industrials, the S&p 500, the NASDAQ, or any of the major utility indexes. It’s also interesting to note that for 2010, Wisconsin Energy ranked first in total return among the nation’s 20 most valuable electric utilities.
our shareholder returns for the past five years tell an equally positive story. The table below provides you with the details.
  the major elements of our Power the Future plan are complete.
   tOtal sHaREHOlDER REtURn*
Five-Year Performance (2006-2010)
 WIsCOnsIn EnERgy
 71.3%
 Dow Jones Industrial Average
 23.5%
 S&p 500 Index
 12.0%
 NASDAQ Composite Index
 25.9%
 philadelphia utility Index
 20.8%
 S&p 500 Electric utility Index
  20.3%
 *Stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends.
2010 ANNuAl rEporT | 3

  Dramatic improvement in environmental performance from 2000 to 2013
  Power plant capacity
50%
  Emissions of nitrogen oxide sulfur dioxide
mercury
70%
        As we began 2011, our board of directors voted to raise the quarterly dividend to 52 cents a share — effective with this year’s first-quarter payment. This represents an increase of 30 percent over the previous quarterly rate and raises the annual dividend to $2.08 a share.
At their January meeting, the directors also authorized a two-for-one stock split — the company’s first stock split since 1992. (The quarterly dividend rate will be equal to 26 cents a share after the March 1, 2011, stock split.)
The board’s actions were made possible by the company’s long-term performance in delivering value to our customers and stockholders. The stock split also reflects our goal of maintaining a market price for our shares that is attractive to a broad range of institutional and individual investors. our new dividend policy targets a payout ratio of 50 to 55 percent of earnings going forward.
staying FOcUsED On
cUstOmER satisFactiOn
Each day is dedicated to satisfying our customers — to providing the best in customer service — because that’s what enduring and successful companies do. our goal is to become the industry leader in customer satisfaction. We made strides toward that goal again in 2010, posting our best customer satisfaction ratings of the past decade, and probably our best ratings ever.
POwER tHE FUtURE UPDatE
As I mentioned earlier in this letter, the major elements of our power the Future plan are now complete. The final milestone came in the early morning hours of January 12 when unit 2 of the oak Creek expansion passed its final performance tests and began commercial operation. of course, we still have much to achieve at oak Creek. In particular, we’ll focus in the year ahead on the reliability of the new units. To that end, I’m pleased to report that unit 1 of the oak Creek expansion achieved an average availability during November, December, and January in excess of 93 percent — and continues to operate very well.
tURning tHE PagE
As we turn the page, where do we go from here? of course, delivering customer satisfaction and shareholder value remain our overriding goals. But with the major construction projects of power the Future behind us, our focus now shifts to environmental upgrades at several of our generating units, strengthening our distribution network, and developing renewable energy projects to meet the state standards for 2015 and beyond.
A prime example: We’re investing approximately $900 million to upgrade the air quality controls for our older coal-fueled units at oak Creek. This is the second largest project in our history. Construction is approximately 70 percent complete. We’re on time and on budget, and we expect the work to be finished in 2012.
our principal utility, We Energies, has more than 45,000 miles of electric distribution lines, 350 electrical substations in Wisconsin and the upper peninsula of Michigan, and more than 20,000 miles of natural gas main in Wisconsin. We serve more than
  in a benchmarking study of customer satisfaction, we Energies ranked best in wisconsin and in the top quartile nationally.
 Also, in a benchmarking study of customer satisfaction among the largest customers of utilities across the country, We Energies ranked the best in Wisconsin and in the top quartile nationally. This annual survey of the 60 largest utilities measures performance in critical areas such as energy efficiency, account management, reliability, price, handling of customer contacts, and company reputation.
4 | WISCoNSIN ENErgy CorporATIoN

1.1 million electric and 1 million natural gas customers in a service area that spans some 22,000 square miles. To maintain the high-quality, reliable service our customers expect and deserve, we plan to invest more than $400 million a year for the next several years to upgrade and renew our aging infrastructure.
REnEwablE EnERgy invEstmEnts
Investing in renewable energy projects is another component of our growth plan. We’re well under way on our next major addition — the glacier Hills Wind park. In January of 2010, the public Service Commission of Wisconsin approved our request to build up to 90 wind turbines on 17,300 acres of farm land about 45 miles northeast of Madison. Each turbine will have a capacity of 1.8 megawatts — bringing the total generating capacity at the site to
final decision on our proposal in March. If the decision is favorable, we could begin construction later this spring. our investment in this project is projected to be $255 million, with a targeted in-service date of late 2013.
lOOKing aHEaD
In looking to the future, I’m reminded of a phrase that has been attributed to green Bay’s legendary football coach, Vince lombardi. In exhorting his players, he explained a wonderful fact about human endeavor — that if you relentlessly pursue perfection, you just might catch excellence. In the year ahead, I can promise you that at Wisconsin Energy, we will continue to pursue perfection for our customers and our stockholders.
on behalf of our entire management team, thank you for your confidence and support.
Sincerely,
gale E. Klappa
Chairman, president and Chief Executive officer March 8, 2011
162 megawatts.
last year, we built the access roads and foundations needed to support the turbines, which are scheduled to begin arriving this spring. Installation of the wind towers and the sophisticated electronics will take place throughout the summer. And full commercial operation is expected by the end of 2011. When finished, glacier Hills will eclipse our Blue Sky green Field Energy Center as the largest wind generation facility in Wisconsin. We expect to invest $367 million at glacier Hills. The project is on schedule and on budget.
We believe that diversification of our renewable energy supply is an important objective. That’s one of the reasons we have partnered with Domtar Corporation to propose a 50-megawatt cogeneration plant — to be fueled with biomass — at a Domtar paper mill site in northern Wisconsin. The site is close to significant forest lands that are harvested in a sustainable manner — yielding the wood waste needed to power the plant.
As of this writing, we have received all of the local permits necessary to move forward, and the Wisconsin public Service Commission has indicated it will make a
  when finished, glacier Hills will be the largest wind generation facility in wisconsin.
  2010 ANNuAl rEporT | 5
