 GALE E. KLAPPA
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
It was the early 1900s. A different time. A far different era. But as the country faced a brave new century, Theodore Roosevelt — a noteworthy figure in American history — wrote of a strongly held belief that still holds true today. Roosevelt said... “the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.”
That phrase summarizes the year 2013 for Wisconsin Energy. It was a noteworthy year. A year of progress. A year of accomplishment for our customers and our stockholders. Here are the highlights.
We delivered:
• The highest net income in company history
• The highest earnings per share in company history • The strongest balance sheet in more than 15 years
We invested nearly $700 million in our core business to maintain reliability and improve customer service.
In addition, through dividends and share buybacks, we returned more cash to shareholders than during any other year in our history.
Our stock price set 16 new all-time trading highs during 2013, rising to $45 a share on April 30.
For the full year, our total shareholder return was 16.1 percent — surpassing the performance of all the major utility indexes.
We achieved the second safest year of operation since we began keeping records more than 100 years ago. Injuries and lost-time accidents are down approximately 70 percent since 2003.
We returned more cash to shareholders than during any other year in our history.
J.D. Power and Associates ranked our company the number one large electric utility in the Midwest for customer satisfaction among business customers. And by year-end, we achieved our highest overall customer satisfaction ratings in the past decade — likely our best ever.
In northern Wisconsin, we completed a new generating unit that is being fueled with wood waste. The project was completed on time and on budget — adding diversity to our portfolio of renewable energy.
For the sixth consecutive year, Wisconsin Energy was named one of the 100 best corporate citizens in the United States by Corporate
Responsibility magazine.
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

And as you saw on the cover of this report, we were honored to be named the most reliable utility in America by an independent firm that analyzes data from electric delivery networks across America on customer outages, restoration times, and service quality.
I’m proud of the thousands of men and women across our company whose skill, dedication, and passion for customer satisfaction made this recognition possible.
The national award builds on a long track record of exceptional performance. Nine times in the past 12 years, we’ve also been named the best in the
Midwest for keeping the lights on.
We were honored to be named the most reliable utility in America.
So where do we go from here? The answer is that we still have much work to do. Financially, one of our goals is to implement a dividend policy that calls for us to pay out 65 to 70 percent of our earnings in dividends in 2017 — a level that will be more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. Toward that end, our board voted in January to raise the quarterly dividend on the company’s common stock to 39 cents a share. The new annual rate is now $1.56 a share. This represents a 30-percent increase over the dividend rate that was in effect at the end of 2012.
The board has also approved a new share repurchase plan. The new plan authorizes management to purchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock from 2014 through 2017.
Operationally, our goal is to maintain our status as one of the nation’s most reliable utilities.
We’ll be placing a greater focus on pipes, poles, wires, transformers, and substations — the building blocks of our delivery business.
Our capital budget calls for investing $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the period 2014 through 2018. In
this five-year plan, we’ve moved from the large, high- profile projects that were part of our Power the Future effort, to many smaller-scale projects designed to upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure.
We’ll be placing a greater focus on pipes, poles, wires, transformers, and substations — the building blocks of our delivery business. We’re rebuilding 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines that are more than 50 years old and replacing 18,500 power poles, 20,000 transformers, and literally hundreds of substation components.
On the natural gas side of our business, we’re replacing 1,100 miles of gas mains, 83,000 individual gas distribution lines, and approximately 233,000 meter sets.
One of the larger projects being planned by our natural gas group is a new line that would expand our delivery network in west central Wisconsin. This 85-mile line would run between Eau Claire County, in the far western part of the state, and the city of Tomah in Monroe County. The project is designed to address reliability concerns in western Wisconsin and meet growing demand. Demand is being driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas — and by the growth of the sand mining industry in the region.
Ten communities along the proposed route have now passed resolutions authorizing us to begin operating natural gas distribution systems within their borders.
If we receive timely approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission, we expect an in-service date during the fourth quarter of 2015. The projected cost is $150 million to $170 million.
As many of you know, this winter was brutally cold in Wisconsin and the upper Midwest. Given the vital need for heating, we delivered more natural gas to our retail customers during January than during any other month in history — surpassing the previous one-month record by nearly eight percent. This growth in demand clearly underscores the need to expand our natural gas distribution network in western Wisconsin.
We’re also planning to convert the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. Located
 4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION

near downtown Milwaukee, Valley generates electricity, provides voltage support for our distribution network, and produces steam heating for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center.
Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. The Wisconsin commission voted to approve the project in February. We plan to complete the Valley conversion by 2016 at an estimated cost of $65 million to $70 million.
We delivered more natural gas to our retail customers during January than during any other month in history — surpassing the previous one-month record by nearly eight percent.
At our Oak Creek expansion units, we’re also making progress on our fuel flexibility initiative. These modern, efficient units were placed into service in 2010 and 2011. They were originally permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, the cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal has grown substantially — making it possible to save our customers millions of dollars by burning a blend of the two coals.
We began test burning a blend of the two fuels this past May, and the initial results are promising. We plan to continue our testing into 2015 to identify equipment modifications that may be needed to permanently increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal in the fuel mix at Oak Creek. If significant modifications are required, we expect to seek approval from the Wisconsin commission in late 2014 or early 2015.
During the past year, we also started a new construction project at our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant on the Menominee River near Iron Mountain, Michigan. Twin Falls was built in 1912 and is licensed to operate until 2040. However, the existing powerhouse needs to be rebuilt. We expect to complete this project in 2016 at an estimated cost of $60 million to $65 million.
Gale Klappa and Allen Leverett
So as you can see from this brief recap of our investment plans, we really do have much to accomplish in the years ahead. And to help ensure continuity of focus and effort, we executed one element of our long-term succession plan during 2013. In July, the board of directors elected Allen Leverett president of Wisconsin Energy. Allen has been a key contributor to our success over the past decade. His election recognizes his leadership and broader operational role in the company going forward.
On behalf of our entire management team, thank you for your confidence, your support, and your investment in Wisconsin Energy as we work to deliver the future.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman and Chief Executive March 4, 2014
  2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
