TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
I was at a busy airport the other day waiting with hundreds of other people to board an international flight. As I sat in the gate area, I was struck by the amazing number of people who were searching for electrical outlets to charge their laptops, tablets, and smartphones. At that moment, it occurred to me that the era of the portable, hand-held office — the era of instant information — would not have been possible without the genius of Edison. Nor would our digital age have been possible without the planners, builders, and value creators who developed the electric generating plants and distribution networks that literally power our lives today.
With that thought as a backdrop, I’d like to share with you what the planners, builders, and value creators at Wisconsin Energy achieved during 2011.
AN EXCEPTIONAL YEAR
I’m delighted to report that by virtually every meaningful measure, 2011 was an exceptional year for our company. We reported record net income and the highest earnings per share in the company’s history. Our board of directors declared a two-for- one stock split that became effective during the first quarter of the year. And, in the first quarter of 2011, we raised the quarterly dividend by 30 percent as we continue to make significant progress toward a dividend payout that is more competitive with our peers in the regulated utility industry. More on our dividend policy later in this letter.
We also achieved major milestones in customer satisfaction, employee safety, and network reliability. And our total shareholder return continued to outperform the return you would’ve earned by investing in the Dow
Jones Industrials, the S&P 500, NASDAQ, or any of the major utility indexes. In fact, as you can see in the performance table below, our total shareholder return for the past five years was head and shoulders above any of these investment alternatives.
Of course, our engine of growth over much of the past decade has been our Power the Future plan. You may recall that Power the Future was born at a time of real need. As we entered the early 2000s faced with the prospect of summer brownouts and blackouts, it was clear that significant new investment was needed to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. The region’s ability to attract jobs and support economic growth hung in the balance.
There were many challenges and obstacles along the way. But with focus, discipline, and determination, we moved from proposal to reality. Today, our Power the Future plan has come to fruition. Overall, we’ve invested $7.8 billion in necessary infrastructure projects since 2003. Much of that investment has been devoted to building four state-of-the-art generating units — two fueled by natural gas and two fueled by coal. These units are among the most efficient of their kind and will serve our customers well for many years to come.
Income from the company’s Power the Future assets — particularly the two coal-fired generating units at our Oak Creek site — helped the company record earnings from continuing operations of $513 million
    TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
Five-Year Performance (2007–2011)
 WISCONSIN ENERGY
 69.7%
 Dow Jones Industrial Average
  12.4%
 S&P 500 Index
–1.2%
 NASDAQ Composite Index
 13.2%
 Philadelphia Utility Index
  20.1%
 S&P Electric Index
 18.2%
 *Stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends.
or $2.18 a share in 2011.
We’ve invested $7.8 billion in necessary infrastructure projects since 2003.
2011 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

Sales of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by 0.3 percent during the year. This modest growth occurred after a nearly double-digit rebound in energy usage by our large customers in 2010. We’re continuing to see strength in several important sectors of the regional economy — most notably in specialty steel production, metal fabrication, industrial machinery, and printing and publishing.
While our Power the Future construction is complete, there is much more work to do — upgrading our environmental controls, renewing and strengthening our distribution networks, and completing the renewable energy projects that are necessary to meet the standard set by the state of Wisconsin for the year 2015. In fact, our five-year capital spending plan is projected to total $3.5 billion.
NEW AIR QUALITY CONTROLS
As I write this letter, we’re nearing completion of the second largest construction project in company history. The air quality control upgrade for the four older coal-
fired units at our Oak Creek site is about 95 percent complete. At a cost of approximately $900 million, the scrubbers and selective catalytic reduction facilities being built will dramatically reduce the emissions from these units. The units were built in the 1960s, but they remain among the most efficient base load plants in the Midwest. So the most economical solution for our customers was to undertake this major project — a project that will clearly extend the productive life of these units. We expect the new air quality controls — pictured on the facing page — to be fully operational this year.
We’re continuing to add renewable energy to our portfolio as well, and we reached another milestone before the close of 2011. The Glacier Hills Wind Park — the largest wind farm in Wisconsin — was placed into commercial service on December 20. With 90 turbines and a capacity of 162 megawatts, Glacier Hills is located on more than 17,000 acres of rolling farmland about 45 miles northeast of Madison. Making extensive use of Wisconsin companies and labor, the project was completed on time and under the $363 million budget set by the state public service commission.
To add diversity to our renewable energy portfolio, we sought and received permission during 2011 to build a 50-megawatt biomass plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. This plant will burn wood waste from the northern Wisconsin forests. It will produce electricity for the
grid and steam for the paper mill that is owned and operated in Rothschild by the Domtar Corporation. Construction began last June, and we’re projecting a completion date before the end of 2013 at a cost of approximately $250 million.
Together, these projects will position us well to meet the renewable energy standard for 2015.
PRESQUE ISLE POWER PLANT
Elsewhere on our system, proposed changes in federal environmental rules are compelling us to consider variousoptionsforthecoal-firedunitsatourPresque Isle Power Plant in Marquette, Michigan.
Today we’re exploring a potential joint venture opportunity with Wolverine Power Cooperative, a generation and transmission cooperative based in Cadillac, Michigan. We’re evaluating a proposal that calls for Wolverine to fund the construction of new air quality controls at Presque Isle in return for a partial ownership interest in the plant. At this point in our review, it appears that the joint venture approach would benefit customers, but significant work — including a full engineering analysis — must be completed before a final decision is made.
Regardless of the decision about the future of Presque Isle, we believe that the transmission network must be strengthened in the Upper Peninsula to maintain reliability and support future economic growth. So, we’re working with American Transmission Company to plan for new transmission lines in the U.P.
RELIABILITY, SATISFACTION, SAFETY
Of course, in our business, there is no substitute for reliability. It’s the cornerstone of customer satisfaction. So, I’m proud to report to you that our company was again named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest — the seventh time in the past 10 years that we’ve been honored with this prestigious award.
Along with being the best in the Midwest for keeping the lights on, we continue to pursue our long-term goal of being the industry leader in customer satisfaction.
 4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
Our company was again named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest.

Customer satisfaction is not just a slogan at our company. It’s a way of life.
We know that to achieve our goal, we must act with a true sense of urgency, demonstrate that we care during every customer contact, resolve customer problems the first time — every time, take personal responsibility for results, and communicate with our customers along the way. With this fundamental approach to doing business, our employees delivered new highs in customer satisfaction in 2011.
One other notable accomplishment
during the year was our employee
safety record. Not only was 2011 our
safest year of operation ever, but we also experienced 66 percent fewer lost-time accidents in 2011 than we did in 2003.
Safety. Reliability. Customer satisfaction. Financial results. The record-breaking performance of 2011 speaks for itself.
MOVING FORWARD
But as I mentioned earlier in this letter, we have much more to accomplish. We approach the challenges of the next five years with a solid foundation and positive cash flows. We have strong, investment-grade credit ratings. Over the past year, we have returned additional value to shareholders by repurchasing $100 million of our common stock at an average price of $30.79 a share.
Going forward, we will benefit from an Internal Revenue Service ruling that we received in December affirming our belief that accelerated depreciation can be applied to the investment in our new Oak Creek units. The $285 million of cash from this accelerated depreciation will help fund the higher level of infrastructure investment we’re projecting in our five-year spending plan.
Strong cash flows will also help support our revised dividend policy — a policy that calls for us to pay out 60 percent of our earnings in dividends in 2014 — one year earlier than our previous goal. As you may have read, our board took a positive step toward our new goal in January 2012 by approving a dividend increase
of 15 percent payable with the first-quarter dividend. This brings our annual dividend rate to $1.20 a share.
In closing, I’m reminded that former President Ronald Reagan was fond of saying that he took inspiration from the past, but he lived for the future.
At Wisconsin Energy, we live and plan for a future of resilience and growth. With a healthy blend of pragmatism and optimism, I believe that the best days of our company and the best days of our region are ahead.
On behalf of the planners, builders, and value creators at Wisconsin Energy, thank you for your confidence and support.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer March 7, 2012
  Our revised dividend policy calls for us to pay out 60 percent of our earnings in dividends in 2014.
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
