Welcome to the Wendy's International, Inc. 2004 Annual Report to Shareholders. The past year was a remarkable period with many challenges. It was one of the most dynamic and unpredictable years I can recall in my three decades with our Company. Our entire system of franchisees, operators and employees focused on consistently delivering quality food and outstanding service to our customers ­ and they did an outstanding job. However, rising commodity costs, severe weather and competitive convergence posed significant challenges for our Wendy's brand.These challenges, plus a non-cash goodwill write-down for our Baja Fresh Mexican Grill business impacted both sales and profitability in 2004. Quite simply, we are not pleased with our overall performance. In this Letter to Shareholders, I will review our overall 2004 performance. I will discuss each of our brands and the progress we made over the past year. Our management team is optimistic about many initiatives under way to improve our performance as we focus on "Leadership Through Innovation." I will also discuss the key elements of our Strategic Plan ­ including our Vision and Mission. And, our Chief Financial Officer Kerrii Anderson will discuss in more detail our 2004 results and the progress we've made on our integrated Financial Strategy. We are focused on delivering 11-13% EPS growth over the long term and a solid total return to our shareholders.

affecting sales at our Wendy's restaurants and then leading to tomato shortages and increased commodity costs. We also faced significantly higher average beef costs (up 15%) that negatively affected earnings. Throughout the year, we also faced competitive discounting in the quick-service hamburger industry. Even with these issues, our Wendy's company-operated restaurants in the U.S. produced positive same-store sales for the 17th consecutive year, a record that is unparalleled in the restaurant industry. Tim Hortons delivered another excellent year, both in Canada and the U.S., with strong same-store sales growth. Baja Fresh struggled through a year of negative same-store sales, but we took decisive action to improve our results in the future. Overall, our total revenues increased 15.5% to a record $3.6 billion, and we reported net income of $52.0 million, or $0.45 per diluted share (EPS).

Our 10-year strategic plan (see page 5) focuses on committing most of our resources to our core businesses ­ Wendy's North America and Tim Hortons Canada ­ as well as our emerging growth driver ­ Tim Hortons U.S. At the same time, we continue to develop our investments in Baja Fresh, Cafe Express and Pasta Pomodoro, and support our International Wendy's business. Let's take a closer look at these businesses and their performances during 2004:

The Company produced mixed results in 2004 due to an uncommon number of challenges during the second half of the year. These included hurricanes that hit the Southeast United States in September and October, first

Tim Hortons flourished in 2004, with record revenues of $996 million, up 23.4% compared to 2003. Equally

($ millions)

($ millions)

(dollars)

3,635 9,291 3,149 2,730 2,237 2,391 7,772 8,206 8,811

9,706 194 170

219

236

239 1.44 1.65

1.89

2.05 2.06

52

0.45

00 2

01

02

03

04

00

01

02

03

04

00

01

02

03

04

00

01

02

03

04

before goodwill impairment

before goodwill impairment

impressive is the chain's 10-year compounded annual growth rate of 17.2% for revenue, from a base of $238 million in 1995.Tim Hortons' restaurants grew to 2,721, with 2,470 stores in Canada and 251 in the United States. Tim Hortons continues to expand its overall importance to our Company. Tim's accounted for about half of the Company's segment operating income in 2004, excluding our Developing Brands segment. In Canada, Tim Hortons controls 27% of the overall quick-service restaurant market share, as well as 70% of the coffee and baked goods market. Our strong performance and consistent growth received recognition from two publications. Canadian Business magazine in June namedTim Hortons as Canada's best-managed brand in a survey of Canadianfounded companies. In early 2005, Marketing magazine, a Canadian weekly marketing and advertising publication, awarded Tim Hortons with its 2004 "Marketer of the Year" honor.
Jack Schuessler

Tim Hortons achieved excellent results in 2004 due in large part to an exceptional number of new product offerings, including the Chicken and Roasted Red Pepper sandwich, which represented our first hot sandwich. In 2004 we also introduced our Egg Salad Sandwich, Beef Stew in a Bread Bowl,Toffee Glazed Donut and Steeped Tea. New product offerings rolling out at Tim Hortons in the current year include our Lemon Cranberry Muffin, Twelve-Grain Bagel, Toasted Chicken Club, Toasted Ham and Cheese, and Creamy Mushroom Soup. Along with this stable of new product offerings, we will be upgrading the interiors of many of our restaurants. New café-style seating, product showcases and digital menu boards are just a few of the enhancements designed to enhance the consumer dining experience and drive sales. As strong as our performance at Tim Hortons was in 2004, we have high expectations for the future.We believe we still have a significant opportunity for new restaurant growth in Canada, with the focus on underdeveloped regions such as the Western provinces, Quebec and urban centers such as Toronto. Because we have a variety of store formats, including standard units, double drivethrus, kiosks, carts, and combo units with Wendy's, we are very confident in our ability to achieve our long-term development goal of 3,500 to 4,000 stores in Canada. Our Tim Hortons U.S. business is emerging as a growth driver for our Enterprise.We completed the acquisition of 42 Bess Eaton stores in May, which gave us a significant presence in the New England region ­ Rhode

Schuessler was named Chairman in May 2001. He became Chief Executive Officer and President in March 2000. Previously, he was President and Chief Operating Officer, Wendy's U.S. Operations (1997-2000), and ExecutiveVice President, U.S. Operations (1995-97). He started his career with Wendy's more than 30 years ago and has worked in operations at the state, regional and divisional levels.

Island, Connecticut and Massachusetts. We have established a strong operations team in the U.S. and are confident that the many competitive advantages we have established ­ including lower coffee prices, modern restaurants, 24-hour operations, drive-thru windows and varied menu offerings ­ will pay dividends as we continue our expansion in the U.S. In the U.S., where the business has been profitable since 2002, we plan to add more stores in our existing markets of Rochester and Buffalo, N.Y., New England and in the states of Ohio, Michigan, Maine, Kentucky and West Virginia. We are also developing new markets in Erie, Pennsylvania and Lansing, Michigan. Acquisitions may play a role in our expansion. Looking ahead, we believe that Tim Hortons can reach its goal of 500 restaurants in the United States by the end of 2007. Tim Hortons also continues to grow with an excellent vertical integration strategy that is producing outstanding returns on invested capital: Maidstone Bakery is a 50/50 joint venture with IAWS Group's Cuisine de France division that produces par-

3

baked goods for Tim Hortons' restaurants in Canada and the U.S. A 300,000-square-foot plant based in Brantford, Ontario, provides fresh products all day in our stores, eases development into new markets and enables expansion into non-traditional sites. The JV produces income for our Company and a good return on investment. We will open a new distribution center in Canada to handle dry and frozen goods to our stores, and the expected return on invested capital is outstanding. Maidstone Coffee is our coffee roasting plant in Rochester, N.Y. that supplies about one-third of the Tim Hortons system and a special blend for our Wendy's company restaurants.

Oreo® cookie toppings, as well as low-fat strawberry yogurt with granola. Our research and development team remains focused on the latest trends to ensure that we remain responsive to consumer needs as their expectations continue to evolve. Our Service Excellence initiative paid dividends once again during 2004, as we garnered our sixth consecutive No. 1 ranking among quick-service hamburger chains for pick-up window performance ­ as rated by QSR Magazine. The publication's time study also ranked Wendy's the No. 1 overall quick-service chain in drivethru speed. Our average service time of 125 seconds was nearly seven seconds faster than the next-fastest chain. Our operational focus will continue during 2005 with the rollout of the double-sided grill, which offers competitive advantages in improved product safety, enhanced product quality, faster cooking times and labor savings. We expect the double-sided grill to be implemented systemwide by 2007. Along with the double-sided grill rollout, we are moving forward with the implementation of new technology in our Wendy's restaurants. Electronic payment, which is now in nearly all of our stores, is a convenience for our customers and results in a higher average check. As part of our store automation program, we have also implemented demand forecasting, labor scheduling and computerbased training to improve our store-level efficiencies. From a store design perspective, we are very excited about our new "Simple" and "Fresh" models, which we created in response to consumers who requested more privacy, attractive furnishings and a relaxing overall atmosphere. All new stores will feature one of these two designs or a third option, the Founder's Package. Our long-term store development goal at Wendy's is 8,500 to 9,500 total units by 2013. This includes a combination of standard units, drive-thru only, new designs and combo units with Tim Hortons.

Our Wendy's business continued to grow with revenues of $2.4 billion in 2004, up 11.1% compared to $2.2 billion last year. Total systemwide restaurants reached an all-time high of 6,671, including 5,935 in the United States, 384 in Canada and 352 International stores. Our innovation pipeline produced several new products in 2004, including our Chicken Temptations sandwiches, Spinach Chicken Salad and Homestyle Chicken Strips Salad. We also introduced our new Kids' Meals, which allow the substitution, at no extra charge, of Mandarin oranges for fries, and milk for a soft drink. We saw many of our product and service innovations such as salads, premium sandwiches, chicken strips, healthy menu options and late-night hours being imitated by our QSR competitors in 2004. Our plan is to raise the bar even higher in 2005 and heighten our execution. Among the new products that we either have already introduced or will introduce include our proprietary Combo Choices meal, which offers consumers an optional substitution of a small chili, baked potato, Caesar salad or side salad for French fries at no extra charge. Others include our Fresh Fruit Bowl and Cup,Mozzarella Cheeseburger and Mozzarella Chicken Supreme Sandwich, and our Mediterranean Chicken Salad. In addition, new products that we will be testing in 2005 include our FrescataTM sandwich line, featuring Roasted Turkey with Basil Pesto, Sundried Tomato Chicken, Black Forest Ham and Swiss Cheese, and Roasted Turkey and Swiss Cheese sandwiches, all of which are served on fresh-baked bread. Other new products in test are our new Fix 'n Mix FrostyTM, with M&Ms®, Butterfinger® and

In 2004 we took decisive action regarding Baja Fresh to improve our performance. Specifically, we wrote down $190 million in goodwill associated with the acquisition of Baja Fresh.We also closed 20 underperforming stores and impaired others during the year, resulting in a charge of about $22 million. One change we made at Baja Fresh is in the leadership team. Our team now includes Chief Operating Officer

4

Sally Abshire, a 29-year veteran of the Wendy's system who has extensive experience in operations, training and development. Executive Vice President of Research and Development Kathie Chesnut, a 14-year veteran of the Company, is overseeing the Baja Fresh menu and ensuring that it evolves to meet consumer trends and tastes. Also strengthening the leadership team are the additions of Bonita Williams,Vice President of Human Resources, and John Butcher, Senior Vice President of Marketing. We made many significant changes to improve the unitlevel economics at Baja Fresh during 2004. We have implemented a shared-services strategy that leverages the

Company's resources by consolidating supply chain management and accounting at corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ohio.We have implemented theoretical food costs and labor controls, which are already yielding margin improvements.We have also reduced building costs by $75,000 per unit, which should improve future profitability. Improving the customer dining experience is a priority. We have replaced the menu boards in all stores with a better organized, easier-to-read version. We have also started the first phase of a store redesign program that features softer lighting, a warmer décor and booth seating that is more family friendly.

Strategic Plan Provides Long-Term Direction

a

x

i

m

i

z
e
M&A and Integration

h

Continuous Improvement Understanding the Consumer

Customer Satisfaction Supply Chain Management

Quality is integral to both our mission and our vision: Our Mission is to deliver superior quality products and services for our customers and communities through leadership, innovation and partnerships.


u

a
r
e

l
a

h

v

o

l

d

e

r



Our Vision is to be the quality leader in everything we do.


Customer Satisfaction ­ Meeting or exceeding the expectations of our internal and external customers is the focus of everything we do. Continuous Improvement ­ Continuous improvement is how we think; innovative change provides competitive opportunities.

Guiding our behavior as we strive to carry out our mission and vision are eight timeless core values exemplified by founders Dave Thomas and Ron Joyce as they developed Wendy's and Tim Hortons, respectively.These core values are:




Quality ­ Quality in products and service is our passion; consistent excellence is our goal.

 Community Involvement ­ We believe in giving back to the communities where we do business through the many corporate programs and local community efforts we sponsor. 



Integrity ­ Absolute honesty, fairness and respect for every individual are the principles that guide our actions and decisions. People Focus ­ We believe our people are the key to our success.We value all members of our diverse family for their individual contributions and for their team achievements.

Leadership ­ We are an Enterprise that strives to take a leadership position in everything from new product innovation to customer service to employee relations.



Commitment to Stakeholders ­ By balancing responsibilities to our constituents, we maximize value to all our stakeholders: customers, employees, franchisees, shareholders and suppliers.


e

Wendy's International, Inc. four years ago formed a Strategic Planning Council consisting of executives from key operational and support functions across our organization. Under the guidance of our Board of Directors, the Strategic Planning Council developed a 10-year strategic plan that articulates our Enterprise-wide mission and vision for the future, as well as our core values and themes. Management continues to update the plan and implement strategies to grow the Company profitably.

m
Operational Excellence

Themes Core Values

Technology

Commitment to Stakeholders

Vision Mission
To deliver superior quality products and services for our customers and communities through leadership, innovation and partnerships

Quality

Innovation of Core Business

Process Change

Leadership

Integrity

People

Community Involvement Evolving Businesses

To be the q

hing uality le ade r in everyt

we

do.

People Focus Financial Reporting Planning & Analysis

s

5

From a food perspective, we have evolved the menu to further differentiate our high-quality, made-to-order food from our competition. Recent menu additions such as our Chipotle Glazed and Chile Lime Chicken salads, as well as four new kids' meals (taquitos, burritos, nachos and quesadillas), our Fajita Burrito and our Tortilla Soup enable our consumers to "taste the flavors of freshness." As we have made these operational changes, we made the decision to slow the unit growth of Baja Fresh, opening 40 stores ­ 19 company and 21 franchise ­ versus our original 2004 plan of 69.We believe that a measured approach to store development is prudent as we attempt to stabilize the business and ensure that its foundation is strong enough to support future growth. In summary, we believe we have a solid business strategy in place at Baja Fresh, including the initiatives that are currently under way. Consumers like the concept because of our outstanding food, and we remain optimistic that Baja Fresh can produce improved results during 2005.

Cafe Express now operates 19 restaurants in Houston and Dallas. It has a high-quality menu, average unit sales of $1.7 million and an extremely loyal customer base.We are focused on implementing improved systems throughout the chain and positioning it for future growth.

We also increased our stake in Pasta Pomodoro during 2004, with an incremental $4 million investment in October.We now own an approximate 29% (fully diluted) stake in the California-based Italian casual dining chain. We had initially invested $12 million for a 25% stake (fully diluted) in Pasta Pomodoro during 2002. Pasta Pomodoro operates a total of 45 restaurants in California and Arizona. We believe the moderately priced, fresh Italian cuisine and contemporary restaurant design has the potential to flourish outside of California, where the concept has already proven very successful. We are supporting CEO Adriano Paganini and his team as they expand the chain and are optimistic that the concept will continue to grow.

In February 2004, we made a $5 million equity investment to assume a majority interest in Cafe Express, increasing our ownership to 70%. This is in addition to the $9 million we initially invested in 2002. We named Brion Grube, a 15-year veteran of Wendy's and most recently Executive Vice President of our International business, as Chief Executive Officer of the chain. Founders Robert Del Grande and Lonnie Schiller remained on as advisors.

During the year we said goodbye to some Wendy's veterans whose careers extend back to our Company's early days. In our finance group, Ron Musick retired at the end of the year. Ron joined the Wendy's family in 1973 as Secretary, Treasurer and Controller, and most recently served

Wendy's has outperformed the S&P 500 and Peer Group
$200.00 Wendy's International, Inc.
(Performance Results Through 12/31/04) $143.66 $128.09 $96.64 $134.26

d & Poor's 500

Peer Group

$196.20

$198.90

$142.01

$100.47 $89.22 $69.27 $78.14 $59.88 $75.68 $82.49

$100.00

1999

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004
Source: Value Line, Inc.

*Assumes $100 invested at the close of trading on 12/99 in Wendy's International, Inc. common stock, Standard & Poor's 500 and Peer Group. Cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends.

6

The Peer Group Index has been computed by the Company, and is comprised of the following 10 companies: Brinker International, Inc.; CBRL Group; CKE Restaurants, Inc.; Darden Restaurants, Inc.; Denny's Corporation; Jack in the Box Inc.; McDonald's Corporation; Outback Steakhouse, Inc.; Starbucks Corporation; and YUM! Brands, Inc. This Index has been weighted by market capitalization of each component company.

as Executive Vice President, Bakery and Special Products. He was Founder Dave Thomas' first accountant in Columbus, Ohio, and guided our finance group for many years. SeniorVice President, General Controller and Assistant Secretary Larry Ron Musick Laudick, whose career with Wendy's dates back to 1976, announced his retirement effective June 2005.And John Brownley announced his retirement after a 24-year career with the Company as Treasurer.We thank Ron, Larry and John for their years of dedicated leadership and wish them all the best in the future. Dan Boone, who has worked closely with Ron and Larry since joining the Company in 1984 as Director of Financial Reporting, has been promoted to Senior Vice President, General Controller and Assistant Secretary for the Enterprise.Vice President of Technical Compliance Brendan Foley, who joined us in 2003, will take on the additional role of Assistant Controller. Our ability to fill these two critical positions with strong internal candidates is not only a tribute to our Leadership Development and Succession Planning processes (see below), but it also helps ensure continuity as we achieve the vision of our integrated Financial Strategy. Also taking on a new role in our Finance group this year is Jonathan Catherwood, whom we hired in 2001 as our Executive Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions. In 2004, Jonathan took on the added role of Treasurer, succeeding John Brownley. In August 2004, Executive Vice President of Marketing Don Calhoon, a 26-year veteran of the Wendy's system, announced his intent to move into a semi-retirement capacity. Don is now focused on Enterprise marketing opportunities. We announced in December that Ian Rowden had joined us as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of the Wendy's brand. Ian brings to Wendy's a wealth of experience from Callaway Golf® and Coca-Cola®. He will oversee all of Wendy's brand marketing strategies and will manage Wendy's advertising, research, product marketing and field marketing functions. We are excited to have an executive with his background and qualifications on our team. Finally, we welcomed two new members to our Board of Directors in 2004: John Thompson, Senior Vice President and General Manager of BestBuy.com®, and J. Randolph Lewis, Senior Vice President of Walgreens®. Both were appointed to our board, succeeding Ernest

Hayeck and True Knowles. Ernest and True served on our board for 11 and seven years, respectively, and we thank them for their many contributions.

During the year, we introduced a new process to help identify leaders, develop them and leverage talent within each business across our Enterprise.This process consists of two major components, Succession Planning and Leadership Development. Succession Planning identifies a diverse pool of potential talent to draw upon to meet our business needs as we grow. Leadership Development is the process we are using to develop our people to perform in various leadership roles for the Enterprise. This process is already beginning to pay dividends, as evidenced by the internal promotions to key positions.

We have implemented many initiatives to position our Company and brands for success in 2005 and beyond. We have a solid strategic plan for the entire Enterprise and we are focused on innovation in our menus, buildings, marketing, technology and operations. We plan to heighten execution in every area of our business - and to build on our competitive advantages. Our goal is to improve our financial performance, which we expect will translate into stock price improvement and greater value for shareholders. Our stock performance was flat in 2004, but it has been very strong over the past five years, as we outperformed our peers and the S&P 500 (see chart). Our Board and Management team believe that growing the Company's long-term earnings at an 11-13% rate, while paying a dividend with a yield in the 1.1% to 1.2% range, will provide good return to our shareholders. Thank you for your ongoing support as shareholders and customers. I look forward to sharing the results of our progress in the future. Sincerely,

John T. Schuessler Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

7

CFO's Message to Shareholders:
I am pleased to update you on our financial results for 2004 and our integrated Financial Strategy. We produced excellent top-line growth with systemwide sales and revenue reaching all-time records in 2004. However, the past year was challenging as we took decisive action with our Baja Fresh business and faced a number of issues such as competitive convergence in the quick-service restaurant industry, very high beef costs and hurricanes that affected Wendy's sales in the Southeast U.S. These factors pressured our earnings performance for the year, especially in the second half. Our 2004 financial results include:
 

Reconciliation of 2004 Net Income and EPS
Net income (loss)/ millions (Loss)/ earnings per share (after-tax)

Pro forma results Goodwill charge Reported results


$ 238.6 $ 2.06 $ (186.6) $ (1.61) $ 52.0 $ 0.45

Total revenues increased 15.5% to a record $3.6 billion.

The reported results stated above include the effect of a correction of our lease accounting, which negatively impacted earnings by $9.1 million ($5.8 million after tax), or $0.05 per share. Many companies in the restaurant and retail industries have recently corrected their accounting for leases and leasehold improvements. General and administrative expenses were 7.8% of revenue, compared to 8.3% in 2003. We ended the year with $177 million of cash on our balance sheet, compared to $171 million at year-end 2003.We also generated free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow minus total capital expenditures, of $161 million ($502 million minus $341 million) in 2004, compared to $88 million ($430 million minus $342 million) in 2003.

We opened 552 restaurants across the entire enterprise.This included 263 Wendy's North America stores, 24 InternationalWendy's stores, 155 Tim Hortons Canada stores, 69 Tim Hortons U.S. stores, 40 Baja Fresh stores and one Cafe Express store. Wendy's posted a 2.9% increase in same-store sales at company-owned stores and 1.8% at franchise stores.Tim Hortons had an excellent year, with same-store sales growth of 7.4% at Canadian stores and 9.8% at stores in the United States. Baja Fresh posted a same-store sales decline of 6.3%. The Company reported 2004 full-year pretax income of $184.1 million, net income of $52.0 million and diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.45. These results include a pretax charge of $190 million ($187 million after tax), or $1.61 per share, for the impairment of goodwill related to Baja Fresh incurred during the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of the goodwill charge, the Company produced 2004 full-year diluted pro forma EPS of $2.06, compared to diluted EPS of $2.05 a year ago.We believe that providing financial results excluding the non-cash charge for the reduction in the goodwill of Baja Fresh provides our investors with a meaningful perspective of the current underlying operating performance of the Enterprise.We use EPS excluding the goodwill charge as an internal measure of business operating performance. The following table provides a reconciliation from our pro forma EPS of $2.06 to our reported EPS of $0.45.







Company making progress on integrated Financial Strategy





We introduced our integrated Financial Strategy at the beginning of 2004 and continue to implement key elements of the plan. Our goal is to deliver long-term value to our shareholders through a number of integrated elements, including our dividend policy, our share repurchase strategy, our equity-based compensation program and our long-term growth rate.
Company increases annual dividend rate by 12.5%

One year ago, we announced a 100% increase in our dividend, which enabled the Company to meet a targeted dividend payout ratio of 18% to 22% and a dividend yield of 1.1% to 1.2%. Because we are confident about our business and our strong cash flow, we announced in February 2005 an additional 12.5% increase in our dividend, which was approved by our Board of Directors. On March 4, 2005, shareholders received a dividend payment of $0.135 per share, compared to $0.12 per share in 2004. The annual dividend rate is now $0.54 per share.

8

The main goal of our share repurchase program is to offset dilution from outstanding stock options.We accomplished this goal in 2004 and utilized our strong cash position to repurchase 3.6 million additional shares of stock totaling $138 million.This amount included a 1.4 million-share accelerated buyback in December 2004. Since 1998, we have bought back more than $1 billion in common stock, and we have more than $200 million remaining under the current authorization from our Board of Directors.

The goal of our equity-based compensation program is to remain competitive in attracting and retaining talented employees while minimizing EPS dilution from stock grants. In April 2004, our shareholders approved a new Stock Incentive Plan that will enable us to transition from stock options to a combination of restricted stock, restricted stock units and cash in 2005. We will begin to expense stock options in the first quarter of 2005, which is six months earlier than required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R (SFAS 123R). We believe this will help provide a clear comparison to prior and future years, and we will restate prior periods to aid comparability. We have also incorporated the expected costs associated with equity compensation in our long-term earnings model. The total estimated expense associated with equitybased compensation in 2005 is $31 million to $33 million. We expect our equity compensation overhang (all approved but unexercised options and shares divided by shares outstanding plus all approved but unexercised options and shares) to decrease to less than 3% by 2008.

Kerrii B. Anderson Anderson joined the Company in 2000 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. She was appointed to Wendy's Board of Directors in November 2000. Anderson previously held the position as CFO for 14 years at M/I Schottenstein Homes, Inc. in Columbus, Ohio. Anderson, who is a certified public accountant, graduated from Elon College in North Carolina. She has an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. Anderson directs the Company's accounting and finance functions, as well as strategic planning, treasury, tax, internal audit, investor relations and information technology.

Hortons U.S., improved profitability at Baja Fresh and additional share repurchases.

Certainly, this past year was a challenging one, but we are optimistic about our prospects for 2005, as well as our long-term outlook. We continue to implement our Strategic Plan, which is supported by our integrated Financial Strategy, and our brands are focused on innovation to drive their business results. We have outstanding talent at every level in our organization ­ with talented employees and franchisees ­ and we are confident in our ability to deliver an excellent total return to our shareholders. Sincerely,

The primary driver of our integrated Financial Strategy is our long-term growth, and we remain confident in our ability to grow the Company's EPS at a 11% to 13% rate over the long-term. This growth will result from continued innovation and new restaurant development in our core businesses of Wendy's and Tim Hortons, vertical integration initiatives such as our joint venture par-baking facility with IAWS Group-Cuisine de France, increased expansion at Tim

Kerrii B. Anderson Chief Financial Officer
9

