To Our Owners,

This year's outstanding results prove it once again.We have the most talented, professional, caring, committed, ethical, "customer first"team in all of financial services. Guided by our vision, values, our time-tested business model, our diversity of businesses and our conservative risk management --all in place for 20 years--our team once again produced outstanding, industry-leading results.That included doubledigit growth in revenue and earnings per share--which we achieved not just this year, but also for the past 20, 15, 10 and five years. Over all these periods, our total stockholder return was about double the S&P 500®. Amazing!
It's all the more amazing because our team achieved these record results the past 20 years, while dealing with almost every economic cycle and every economic condition a financial institution can experience. High and low interest rates. Bubbles and recessions. All types of yield curves (steep, flat and inverted). High and low unemployment. No one can accurately predict how the economy will perform in 2006 or in any year but for Wells Fargo to achieve double-digit growth we must continue to focus on our primary strategy, consistent for 20 years, which is to satisfy all our customers' financial needs, help them succeed financially, and through cross-selling, gain wallet share and earn 100 percent of their business. Among our 2005 achievements: · Revenue growth of 10 percent--double-digits once again-- the most important measure of success in our industry-- outpacing our single-digit expense growth. · Diluted earnings per share--a record $4.50, up 10 percent-- despite the $0.07 per share cost for increased bankruptcy filings before the October change in federal bankruptcy laws. · Net income--a record $7.7 billion, up 9 percent. · Our stock price reached a record high close of $64.34 on November 25, 2005.
3

Our Performance
Double-digit growth: earnings per share, revenue, loans and retail core deposits

$ in millions, except per share amounts

2005

2004

Change

FOR THE YEAR Net income Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 1 Total revenue Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits 2 Average retail core deposits 3 Net interest margin AT YEAR END Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits 2 Stockholders' equity Tier 1 capital Total capital Capital ratios Stockholders' equity to assets Risk-based capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent) $ 8.26 11.64 6.99 24.25 153,500 $ 8.41 12.07 7.08 22.36 145,500 (2) (4) (1) 8 5 8.44% 8.85% (5) $ 41,834 310,837 3,871 10,787 481,741 253,341 40,660 31,724 44,687 $ 33,717 287,586 3,762 10,681 427,849 229,703 37,866 29,060 41,706 24 8 3 1 13 10 7 9 7 1.72% 19.57 57.7 $ 32,949 2.00 1,686.3 1,705.5 $296,106 445,790 242,754 201,867 4.86% 1.71% 19.56 58.5 $ 30,059 1.86 1,692.2 1,713.4 $269,570 410,579 223,359 183,716 4.89% 1 -- (1) 10 8 -- -- 10 9 9 10 (1) $ 7,671 4.50 $ 7,014 4.09 9% 10

1 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 2 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates and market rate and other savings. 3 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits.

4

Our primary strategy, consistent for 20 years, is to satisfy all our customers' financial needs, help them succeed financially, and through cross-selling earn 100 percent of their business.
· At year-end, the total value of our stock was $105 billion-- again making us one of the nation's 20 most valuable companies. · Return on equity, 19.57 percent; return on assets, 1.72 percent. · Our credit quality remained excellent. Nonperforming loans were at or near historic lows. · Fortune ranked Wells Fargo "Most Admired Megabank"; Barron's ranked us the world's most admired financial services company and we continue to be the only U.S. bank with the highest possible credit rating, "Aaa." · Community Banking achieved record profit of $5.53 billion, up 13 percent with revenue increasing nine percent. · In consumer banking, we sold almost 16 million products (or "solutions")--checking, savings, debit cards, loans, etc.-- to our customers, up 15 percent. · Our loans to small businesses, primarily less than $100,000, grew 18 percent. For the third consecutive year, we were the nation's #1 small business lender in total dollars. In the past 10 years, we've loaned more than $26 billion to small businesses owned by African-Americans, Asian-Americans, Latinos and women, exceeding our publicly-stated goals. · For the seventh consecutive year, our cross-sell reached record highs--4.8 products per retail banking household, 5.7 products per Wholesale Banking customer. Our average middle-market, commercial banking customer now has almost 7.0 products with us--up from almost five just two years ago. In fact, more than one of every five of our commercial banking offices nationwide averaged eight products per customer. · For the seventh consecutive year, Wholesale Banking achieved record net income of $1.73 billion--with double-digit loan growth this year across its businesses. · Our Wholesale Banking business now is truly coast-to-coast, with more than 600 offices nationwide. Across the Eastern U.S., we have 175 offices for commercial banking, commercial real estate, corporate banking, asset-based lending and equipment finance. We're attracting new commercial customers in markets such as Atlanta, Boston, Cleveland, Hartford (Conn.), Indianapolis, New York and Tampa. · We funded $366 billion in mortgages--our second highest annual total ever--and continued to be the nation's #1 retail mortgage originator. Our owned mortgage servicing portfolio, the nation's second largest, rose 23 percent to $989 billion. The housing market remained strong because new home construction continued to lag the pace of new household formation. · Our National Home Equity Group's loans were $72 billion at year-end with continued very strong credit quality--ranking us the nation's #1 home equity lender for the fourth consecutive year. · Wells Fargo Financial--our consumer finance business-- grew average receivables 25 percent. · Watchfire GomezPro ranked Wells Fargo internet banking #1 among all U.S. banks. Global Finance magazine named wellsfargo.com best in the U.S. in six categories including "best corporate/institutional internet bank." Information technology magazine CIO named Wells Fargo one of its 100 Bold winners for our innovative Commercial Electronic Office® (CEO®) portal, now used by almost three-fourths of our commercial customers for everything from loan payments to foreign exchange.

Top 10 Consumer Internet Banks
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Wells Fargo Citibank Bank of America E*Trade Bank Huntington 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. First National Bank of Omaha HSBC U.S. Bank Chase Wachovia

Source: Watchfire GomezPro, 3Q05

· To be the financial services company of choice for remittance customers, we expanded that service beyond Mexico, India and the Philippines into El Salvador and Guatemala. The number of accounts we opened for Mexican Nationals using the Matricula Consular card as a form of identification surpassed 600,000. We were the first financial institution in the nation to promote the use of this card as a form of
5

Double-Digit Annual Compound Growth ­ for 20 Years
Years EPS Revenue Total Stockholder Return Wells Fargo S&P 500®

5 10 15 20
identification to help these customers move from the risky, cash economy to secure, reliable financial services. · In Los Angeles and Orange counties, we launched a pilot program to offer mortgage loans to employed, taxpaying customers who have an individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN) issued by the IRS but do not have a Social Security number.1 If successful, we hope to roll this mortgage product out across all 23 of our community banking states. · We increased the Company's quarterly dividend more than 8 percent to 52 cents a share, the 18th consecutive year we've increased our dividend, our 23rd dividend increase since 1988. We're the nation's 13th largest dividend payer and one of less than 3 percent of more than 10,000 North American-listed, dividend-paying common stocks classified as a "Dividend Achiever"--a publicly-traded company that has increased its dividends for the last 10 or more consecutive years.2 If you had invested $10,000 in 1986 in our predecessor company, Norwest Corporation, it would have been worth $435,000 at year-end 2005 with dividends reinvested. · Our total managed and administered assets rose 6 percent to $880 billion. The new Wells Fargo Advantage FundsSM -- the result of the merger of Wells Fargo Funds® and Strong Funds® --is the nation's 18th-largest mutual fund company, managing $108 billion in assets, with 120 funds spanning almost all asset classes and investment styles. · We announced a 10-point commitment to integrate environmental responsibility into our business practices. This includes a pledge to provide more than $1 billion in the next five years, in lending, investments and other financial commitments to environmentally-beneficial business opportunities including sustainable forestry, renewable energy, water-resource management, waste management, "green home" construction and development, and energy efficiency.

14% 11 12 14

10% 13 12 12

5% 17 21 21

0.5% 9 11 12

Impressive results, indeed. We're very proud of them. But, believe it or not, we can do even better. In recent annual reports, we told you that we've not been growing our business banking and investment businesses at a rate consistent with their potential. I'm pleased to report we're making significant progress. Business Banking Just two years ago, our average Business Banking customer-- businesses with annual revenue up to $20 million--had only about 2.7 products with us--dead last in cross-sell among all our businesses. Also, less than one of every four of our Business Banking customers did their personal banking with Wells Fargo. Less than one of every 10 gave us their investment business. Two years ago we said that by 2008 we wanted to double revenue and cross-sell and dramatically increase our market share for both deposits and loans from our small business customers. I'm pleased to report that our Business Banking cross-sell grew 11 percent for the year. Our Business Banking team surpassed an average of 3.0 products (or "solutions") per customer. The number of business customers actively using online banking grew 24 percent. Our Business Banking deposits--which grew 10 percent in 2004--rose another 9 percent in 2005. During those same years our loans and lines of credit--primarily less than $100,000, sold to our small business customers through our banking stores, online, direct mail, teleconsulting and in-bound calls--rose 17 percent and 18 percent, respectively. Our business customers are buying their financial products from someone. Since we believe we can offer them a superior value, there's no reason we shouldn't earn all their financial services business--business, personal and investments. In 2004 Wells Fargo was #1 for the third year in a row in loans under $100,000 to small businesses, with 15 percent market share nationally. We also were the #1 lender to small businesses in low-to-moderate income neighborhoods, with almost 16 percent market share, nationwide.

1 Qualified individuals must have been customers of Wells Fargo Bank for six months, paid U.S. taxes for two years, must be able to prove two years of California residence. 2 Mergent, Inc.

6

Wells Fargo has achieved double-digit, annual compound growth in revenue and earnings per share, with total stockholder return about double the S&P 500 for the past five, 10, 15 and 20 years.

Top 10 U.S. Full-Service Online Brokers
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Smith Barney Wells Fargo UBS Wachovia Merrill Lynch 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Piper Jaffray DB Alex Brown A.G. Edwards McDonald Investments Edward Jones

Source: Watchfire GomezPro 10/31/05

Private Client Services Our private banking and investment business--Private Client Services--also is growing. It ended 2005 with double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter. We built the foundation for this growth by integrating all banking, investment and insurance services to serve all of our clients' wealth management needs. We've significantly increased the number of investment professionals serving clients. We now have more than 700 private bankers in our banking stores and wealth management offices, up 150 percent the past two years--and 2,500 licensed bankers and financial consultants, up more than 85 percent in three years. In 2005, we were the first in our industry to announce low- and no-cost online stock and mutual fund trades to benefit our most loyal customers. Watchfire GomezPro ranked us the nation's second best, full-service on-line brokerage. As a result, we're earning more of our clients' business. Our loans to Private Banking customers grew 15 to 20 percent each of the last five years. The last two years, deposits rose 38 percent, and brokerage assets 14 percent. More than one million of our customers now have a Wells Fargo Portfolio Management Account ®, or PMA® account--which combines all a customer's relationships with Wells Fargo, including checking, savings, mortgage, personal loans, trust and brokerage. This relationship product offers rewards, discounts, competitive money market rates, bonus interest rates on linked savings accounts and CDs, no monthly service fees on linked accounts, a Wells Fargo Visa® Credit Card with waived fee for the Retention Rewards® program, no annual fees on select line of credit accounts, free checks, and

commission discounts with a linked WellsTrade® account. In just five months, balances across all our deposit and brokerage accounts increased over $4 billion. Our Investment Management and Trust businesses are growing, too. In addition to more basic wealth planning services--such as trust and estate services -- we've added alternative asset classes and we're offering "best of class" outside money managers for our high net worth clients. They, in turn, have given us more of their business. As a result, we've achieved five consecutive quarters of record sales, a 40 percent increase in revenue year over year from wealth planning and insurance. Good progress but, here again, we can and must do better, faster. Our market share of our customers' investment business should be two to three times higher than it is. There's no reason why we can't attract many more new customers. More of our Private Banking and Personal Trust customers should want to give us their investment management and brokerage business. We also should be satisfying more of the investment needs of our small business customers and the executives of our middle-market, real estate, and large corporate customers. We should be their first choice for personal investment and banking business. Preparing for more growth We continue to invest in new stores and operation centers to help satisfy all our customers' financial needs. During 2005, we opened 92 banking stores, remodeled another 485 banking stores to improve customer service, and opened 47 mortgage stores, 20 consumer finance stores, seven regional commercial banking offices and two commercial real estate offices. We also completed four major operations facilities (and are about to complete a fifth): · West Des Moines, Iowa Our mortgage and consumer credit group opened a 281,000 square foot center for about 1,500 team members. Two more buildings are scheduled to open in mid-2006 and in 2007--for a total of almost one million square feet--on a 160-acre campus, large enough to accommodate even more expansion.

7

"At Wells Fargo, we're fortunate to have what I believe--and many industry observers agree--is the best team of senior leaders in the entire financial services and banking industry.They lead with integrity.They know how to build high-performing teams.They all own the customer experience--together."
· Des Moines, Iowa Later in 2006 Wells Fargo Financial is scheduled to complete a 360,000 square foot, nine-story building for 1,500 team members, connected via skyway to its downtown headquarters; · Minneapolis, Minnesota A $175 million conversion and expansion of the former Honeywell Campus near downtown Minneapolis. It consolidates a dozen Twin Cities area mortgage operations centers and is expected to accommodate about 4,600 team members by year-end 2006; · Shoreview, Minnesota A new 160,000 square foot data center in a northern Twin Cities suburb; · Chandler, Arizona A new operations, technology and call center campus near Phoenix has two, 200,000 square foot, four-story buildings, now home to about 2,100 team members in operations and technology. This site is large enough to accommodate four more buildings totaling 800,000 square feet. The quality of our leadership Our vision--as it has been for 20 years--is to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. A vision by itself, however, is not enough. You must have a plan to achieve that vision and a time-tested business model that can perform successfully in any economic cycle. You have to execute against that plan efficiently and effectively. In fact, it's all about execution. To be successful, you need leaders who can establish, share and communicate the vision, motivate others to embrace, believe in and follow that vision, and execute in a superior fashion each day, every day, one customer at a time. At Wells Fargo, we're fortunate to have what I believe-- and many industry observers agree--is the best team of senior leaders in the entire financial services and banking industry. They're the CEOs of our diverse businesses--spanning virtually every segment of our industry. They're responsible. They're accountable. They and their teams have produced outstanding results you've come to expect from Wells Fargo year after year after year. They partner together unselfishly. Each and every one is a great coach. They realize, as every great coach does, that
8

success is not about their own self-interest. It's about what's best for their teams, their customers and their partners in other Wells Fargo businesses. They give their teams the tools, training and resources they need to achieve our goal of industry-leading, double-digit growth in revenue, profit and earnings per share. They help create our vision and values. They help us achieve our vision every day with every customer. They cause our success to happen. They drive our business results. They influence, direct and inspire their teams. They make sure our 153,000 team members understand, support and live that vision and those values. They're role models for leadership. They lead with integrity. When they make a mistake, they accept responsibility and learn from it. They're big picture thinkers with a broad perspective--company-wide and industry-wide. They're open to new ideas, know how to learn and they learn from each other and share best practices. They're mentors for emerging, diverse management talent across the company. They're collaborators. They know how to build high-performing teams. They and their teams have fun together. They thrive on change. They care about their people. They value diversity. They all own the customer experience--together. They're not just good leaders, they're great leaders. What's the difference? A good leader inspires a team to have confidence in her or him. A great leader inspires a team to have confidence in themselves. They teach and coach others to lead. Most of all, they believe in our most important value: people as a competitive advantage. They make every business decision with that value in mind. They know that somewhere on their teams is the answer to every problem, challenge and opportunity. Their job is to find the people on their teams who have the answers, regardless of rank or stripes, and help translate those answers into action. The people with the answers most often are those closest to our customers. How do we picture the next stage of success? Therefore, in our report to you this year, we want you to get to know this great team of senior business leaders better. We want you to fully appreciate, as I do, their outstanding talent, skill, experience, integrity, ethics, innovation, insight and caring--

and how they picture success for their businesses in the coming years. Beginning on page 11, our leaders describe their vision of success for their businesses, how they and their talented teams intend to partner to grow market share and wallet share, and earn all of our customers' business. I'm very fortunate to be playing with the best team in financial services. I'm very proud to share their stories with you in this report. The National Bank Act--the law of the land Mobility is a way of life for most of our more than 23 million customers. They commute, do business, relocate, travel and vacation, often coast to coast. Many have a second home in different states. They buy goods and services globally. When it comes to commerce, state boundaries are meaningless for them. They assume that anywhere they go in the United States (or the world) they can access their money, make financial transactions and get information about their accounts through their national bank governed by uniform, consistent federal oversight. Thanks to this national oversight, they can receive credit decisions almost instantly, a mortgage in just a few days. They take this national freedom of financial access for granted. But it's not a birthright. It's the result of a series of laws and court decisions going back almost a century and a half. The most important of those laws, by far, is the National Bank Act of 1864. This visionary law--enacted just 12 years after our company was founded--brought economic order out of a costly, chaotic patchwork of state laws. It created uniform national standards for safety and soundness governing an association of national banks with national charters. When the telegraph was the internet of its day, this law encouraged the free flow of capital and labor across state lines in an increasingly mobile society. It created the federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and gave it exclusive powers to examine national banks such as today's Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. States could still regulate state banks. The federal government would regulate national banks. Unfortunately, the last few years several states have tried to turn back the clock and challenge the authority of the Comptroller to set uniform federal law for national banking and to supervise, exclusively, national banks and their operating subsidiaries.

One Nation. One Economy. Consistent National Standards.
Here are just six recent rulings that each upheld the principle that the National Bank Act preempts state attempts to regulate national banks--whether a state does this by restricting their banking activities or through regulatory supervision:
January 2006 The U.S. Supreme Court, in an 8-0 ruling, holds that relevant federal banking laws do not deny national banks the right to have cases heard in federal court merely because the bank does business in a particular state. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in the ruling that a lower court ruling was wrong because national banks would be "singularly disfavored" in their access to federal courts. October 2005 Federal District Court rules in favor of a financial services trade association. It blocks the New York Attorney General's Office from demanding information from national banks and investigating their lending practices.The Court rules that the National Bank Act preempts state investigations of this type over a national bank such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., leaving such oversight to national regulators such as the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve Board. August 2005 Federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rules in favor of Wells Fargo. It holds that the National Bank Act preempts state licensing requirements and state supervisory authority over national bank subsidiaries. The California Department of Corporations had tried to exercise authority over Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, Inc., part of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. July 2005 A Federal Circuit Court of Appeals holds that the National Bank Act preempts state regulation of a national bank's operating subsidiary. The case arose when a national bank and its mortgage subsidiary sued the State of Connecticut to avoid having to obtain a state license and follow certain state laws. February 2003 Federal Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals rules in favor of Wells Fargo and other national banks. It holds that the National Bank Act preempts state laws that ban certain check-cashing fees to non-customers. October 2002 Federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rules in favor of Wells Fargo and other national banks. It holds that the National Bank Act preempts local ordinances that try to stop national banks from charging non-customers a convenience fee for using their ATMs. San Francisco and Santa Monica had ordinances to prohibit these fees.
9

Fortunately for our customers, every single one of these misguided attempts has failed. When states and local governments announce these lawsuits, they often attract significant media coverage. But when they're adjudicated in the courts--which have consistently ruled in favor of national banks on these issues-- the stories are buried or not reported at all. 2006: The Economy This coming year will be challenging for the banking industry. Asset yields do not seem to account for risk. Credit quality can't get much better. The yield curve--the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates--is likely to be flat, even inverted. Banking competitors are, once again, relaxing loan terms while not fully pricing for this risk. However, Wells Fargo's business model, now in place for nearly 20 years, focuses on selling more products to existing customers and, therefore, gaining both market share and wallet share. Perhaps that's why Wells Fargo produced consistent double-digit increases in both revenue and earnings per share over the past 20, 15, 10 and five years, which included almost every economic condition a financial institution can face, not unlike those that may exist in 2006. The Next Stage Once again, we thank our 153,000 talented team members for their outstanding accomplishments and record results not just for this year but for the past 20 years. We thank our customers for entrusting us with more of their business and for returning to us for their next financial services product. We thank our communities--thousands of them across North America-- that we partner with to make them better places to live and work. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 155th year (March 1852).

A special thank you Two members of our Board will retire this April after a total of three decades of service to our company. Dr. Reatha Clark King, retired president and board chair of the General Mills Foundation, Minneapolis, Minnesota, joined the Board 20 years ago when the former Norwest Corporation had assets of just over $21 billion. Most recently she served on the audit and examination, and the finance committees. Gus Blanchard, chairman of ADC Telecommunications, Inc., Eden Prairie, Minnesota, joined our Board 10 years ago, when we had assets of just over $80 billion. Most recently, he served on the audit and examination, credit, and governance and nominating committees. Their wise counsel and thoughtful guidance has helped our company achieve remarkable growth during their tenures while we built a reputation as one of the world's most admired financial services companies. Thank you, Reatha and Gus! The "Next Stage" of success is just down the road--for our team members, our customers, our communities and our stockholders. It's going to be a great ride!

Richard M. Kovacevich, Chairman and CEO

10

