To Our Owners,
Each morning, across the company, our day starts with conversations -- conversations about how best to serve our customers and help them succeed financially. We've been having those conversations at Wells Fargo for more than 160 years, and they are the cornerstone of our success. Today, we serve one in three U.S. households and employ one in 500 working Americans. We handle 5.5 billion customer interactions a year in our Community Bank alone -- these give us more than 10,000 opportunities a minute to be a hero for our customers.

John G. Stumpf, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wells Fargo & Company

2

Our focus on customers and serving them well drove another year of record results in 2012 for Wells Fargo and our stakeholders.

In 2012, we continued to produce value for our shareholders. Our return on assets was 1.41 percent, our return on equity was 12.95 percent, and our full-year earnings-per-share growth was 19 percent. In 2012, we also returned more capital to our shareholders, as we increased our regular quarterly dividend by 83 percent to 22 cents per share and purchased 119 million shares of the company's common stock. On Jan. 22, 2013, we raised our regular quarterly dividend again, an increase of 14 percent to 25 cents per share. Wells Fargo finished the year with an industry-leading market capitalization of $180 billion (our stock price multiplied by the number of shares outstanding). Wells Fargo's full-year income was equally balanced between net interest income and noninterest income, a balance that has come to typify a core benefit of our business model that makes growth an attainable goal in a variety of interest rate environments. Indeed, in 2012, Wells Fargo's net interest income grew by $467 million, or 1 percent, to $43.2 billion. This was achieved despite low interest rates that put pressure on our margins, as we delivered more products and services to customers across our huge deposit base. Meanwhile, we reduced credit losses to $9.0 billion, down $2.3 billion, or 20 percent, from $11.3 billion in 2011. Our capital position also improved. Wells Fargo finished 2012 with Tier 1 common equity1 of $109.1 billion, up 15 percent from $95.1 billion a year ago, resulting in a Tier 1 common equity ratio of 10.12 percent under Basel I.

2012: Continued financial success
We delivered net income of $18.9 billion in 2012, up 19 percent from 2011. This fourth consecutive year of record profit reflected the time-tested virtues of our diversified business model and our focus on growing revenue and managing costs and risks -- no matter how difficult the operating environment. We grew our core loans and deposits, despite an uneven economic recovery, and grew revenue in a low interest rate environment that pressured our margins. Each of our primary business segments grew its full-year segment net income year over year: Community Banking by 15 percent, Wholesale Banking by 11 percent, and Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement by 4 percent. In 2012, Wells Fargo led in areas central to our customers' lives and our economy's vitality -- small business lending, home mortgage lending, auto lending, and private student lending. We provided a safe and sound place for our customers to hold and manage their financial assets, and served our customers efficiently and conveniently through the nation's most extensive network of banking stores, more than 12,000 ATMs, our 24-hour-a-day Wells Fargo Customer ConnectionSM, and our industry-leading online and mobile presence. Just as important, we accomplished this with a crosssell strategy that continues to distinguish Wells Fargo as a leader in building customer relationships. It's as simple as this: The better we know our customers, the more opportunities we have to provide them with the products and services they need. In 2012, that mindset produced records in the average number of Wells Fargo products per customer. At the end of the fourth quarter, the average Retail Bank household had more than six products, our average Wholesale Bank customer had nearly seven products, and our average Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement customer had 10 products! Another measure of our success: deposit and loan growth. Since completing our 2008 merger with Wachovia Corp., Wells Fargo has grown deposits by more than $221 billion and core loans by $31 billion. Frankly, there's no better proof of customer confidence in today's Wells Fargo and our unique opportunity to grow.
1

Helping an economy in transition
In conversation after conversation last year -- across kitchen tables, as well as conference room tables -- we heard of signs of a strengthening U.S. economy. Still, we also observed the worries and uncertainty that influenced consumer and business behaviors in many areas of the country and the economy. Yes, low interest rates offered a compelling opportunity to get household balance sheets in order. And there were bright spots, such as energy, that reminded us of the advantages our U.S. economy still holds. But overall, our customers remained cautious given the economy's tepid growth and headlines about Washington gridlock, budget pressures, and higher taxes. So, while we remain optimistic for continued economic expansion in 2013, we do so guardedly, based on what we experienced in 2012.
Please see the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for more information.

3

Supporting small business
Perhaps no Wells Fargo activity was more representative of the times than our small business lending. In 2012, Wells Fargo extended $16 billion in net new loan commitments to U.S. small businesses (primarily those with annual revenues of less than $20 million) -- up more than 30 percent from 2011. The rise partly reflects our focus on being a leader in Small Business Administration (SBA) lending. In 2012, Wells Fargo finished its fourth consecutive year of SBA lending leadership, extending a record $1.24 billion in SBA 7(a) loans. But while approval rates improved in 2012, application rates remained below what we have typically seen at this stage of an economic recovery. Still, we worked hard to serve small businesses, whether they sought to stay the course in a choppy economy or to venture out as first-time entrepreneurs. As a result, in 2012 we grew small business checking accounts by a net 3.7 percent year over year and saw a more than 50 percent increase in credit cards, lines of credit, and loan product solutions in our Business Direct lending unit, which focuses primarily on serving the credit needs of businesses with less than $2 million in annual sales.

Since the beginning of 2009 and through the end of 2012, Wells Fargo has also supported the housing market's recovery by:   ))$)"(*- /#)($''$*)(*-/"" .()4 at historically low interest rates, and financing 2.8 million mortgages for home purchases.  -* ..$)"(*- /#)/-$'*-+ -() )/ mortgage modifications that gave families facing foreclosure a second chance by making their mortgage terms more favorable.  *-"$1$)"(*- /#)Y$''$*)$)(*-/"" +-$)$+' for our customers, including forgiveness that customers earned through making on-time payments.   *./$)"*-+-/$$+/$)"$)(*- /#)#*(  preservation events or workshops, where we met face to face with more than 40,000 mortgage customers.

Our five strategic priorities
Wells Fargo emerged from the financial crisis of 2008 as a stronger company. Our decision to merge with Wachovia gave us a more diverse geography, a broader balance in revenue streams, and a great team of people dedicated to the customers they serve, all of which increased the value of our franchise. As a combined company, we weathered the storm because we managed with a long-term view -- investing heavily where the opportunities were greatest, but also willingly ceding markets and share to others when we believed the opportunities didn't fit our view of how we best help our customers succeed financially. Getting this right attracts team members, customers, and investors who share an interest in having a long-term relationship with Wells Fargo. Indeed, our two teams have become One Wells Fargo with a shared understanding of our commitment to customers. Our customers' success comes first. When we serve customers well, the money we earn is the result. This is why we know never to put the stagecoach ahead of the horses. As we did last year, Wells Fargo will continue to focus on five strategic priorities in 2013:   0//$)"0./*( -.-./   -*2$)"- 1 )0    0$)" 3+ ). .   $1$)"*0-1$.$*))1'0 .   *)) /$)"2$/#*((0)$/$ .)./& #*' -.

Supporting the housing recovery
In housing and mortgage lending, our early expectations for a rebound were validated. We have long believed in the emotional attachment our customers have with homeownership. Buying a home is the most important financial decision many of them will ever make. So, we were bullish about mortgage lending throughout 2012, well before signs of a recovery had become more obvious to others. We staffed up and stepped up as others stepped back from the market. As a result, we originated nearly one in three U.S. home mortgages in 2012 and serviced one in six. Why were we bullish? Across the U.S., we saw prices and inventory situations improving. We also know that the best loans are made after -- not before -- a downturn, as customers with improved balance sheets return to the marketplace. In 2012, this confidence translated into more than 2 million mortgage loans originated by Wells Fargo -- $500 billion of lending that helped customers refinance into lower rates or buy homes. And we still see room for growth in the mortgage business, with refinancing of mortgages still an attractive option for millions of customers and sales of new and existing homes getting stronger. This can only be good for the overall economy, because housing has led almost every economic recovery in recent history.

4

30%
Increase over 2011 in new loan commitments to U.S. small businesses
Putting customers first
Many companies say they put customers first; it's another thing to do it. It begins with recognizing there are elements in the future we can't control, but we can control how we show up each day to serve customers. That's our constant focus. Consider our customers' banking habits. In 2012, more than 23 million customers actively banked with us online, including more than 9 million with mobile devices. Yet, even today, most customers open their first account, and establish their banking relationships, by having face-toface visits at brick-and-mortar stores. That's why we've invested in a store network that provides a Wells Fargo retail store or ATM within two miles of nearly half the U.S. population and small businesses within our footprint. We're also committed to offering more digital access via mobile, tablet, and computers to allow customers to choose when, where, and how to conduct their banking business. In 2012, we launched new features like Wells Fargo Mobile® Deposit, expanded our Send & Receive Money service, and introduced a new Wells Fargo app for iPad. In 2012, retail customers made more than $30 billion in payments and transfers via mobile. Wells Fargo was the first major U.S. financial services company to offer mobile banking for commercial and corporate customers when the service launched in 2007, and we've continued to innovate and work with our customers to design and build new mobile services. In 2012, we made our leading international trade services application, TradeXchange, available via CEO Mobile®. We also introduced enhancements to our popular Commercial Card Expense Reporting mobile capabilities. ./4 -CEO Mobile securely processed more than $17 billion in wires. In 2012, we reached a milestone of 100 million e-receipts chosen by customers for their ATM

transactions, and we also added an e-receipt option for teller transactions. Technology even empowered our customers' philanthropy, as they used Wells Fargo ATMs to give more than $1 million to the American Red Cross for Superstorm Sandy relief efforts.

Growing revenue
When we put customers first, it opens doors to our next priority: growing revenue. At Wells Fargo, we have chosen not to let the "Great Recession" serve as an excuse to not grow. We see ourselves as a growth company -- no matter the environment -- and believe the best measure of progress against that goal is revenue. We grow revenue in two important ways: through interest income on loans we make, and fee income on services we provide. In 2012, we grew revenue 6 percent to $86.1 billion, mostly from noninterest income. (Imagine our earnings power when a more normal rate environment returns.) The revenue growth included double-digit growth in our capital markets, commercial real estate, corporate banking, mortgage, asset-based lending, corporate trust, and international businesses. Our Community Banking segment grew revenue by $2.6 billion to $53.4 billion and net income by $1.4 billion to $10.5 billion in 2012, partly because of higher mortgage banking revenue and above-average equity gains. Its performance also included annual revenue growth in Education Financial Services -- up 2 percent -- and Dealer Services -- up 4 percent. Our Wholesale Banking segment grew full-year revenue by $2.5 billion to $24.1 billion and full-year net income by approximately $800 million to $7.8 billion in 2012. The broad-based growth included acquisitions and increased loans and deposits. Areas of notable growth included capital finance, commercial banking, commercial real estate, and corporate banking. For example, Investment Banking's revenue from commercial and corporate customers grew 30 percent from the prior year due to attractive capital markets conditions and continued cross-selling. In 2012, we saw broad-based year-over-year revenue growth in our International Group of 15 percent, driven by growth in net interest income and cross-sell-related revenue in our Global Financial Institutions business, which serves U.S. customers doing business globally and foreign companies doing business in the U.S. Our Commercial Banking team also celebrated its 10th consecutive quarter of average loan growth.

5

Our performance

$ in millions, except per share amounts

2012

2011

% Change

FOR THE YEAR Wells Fargo net income Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios: Wells Fargo net income to average total assets (ROA) Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average Wells Fargo common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 1 Total revenue Pre-tax pre-provision profit 2 Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits 3 Average retail core deposits 4 Net interest margin AT YEAR-END Securities available for sale *). Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits 3 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity Total equity Tier 1 capital 5 Total capital 5 Capital ratios: Total equity to assets Risk-based capital: 5 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 5 Tier 1 common equity 6 Common shares outstanding Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$

18,897 17,999 3.36 1.41% 12.95 58.5

15,869 15,025 2.82 1.25 11.93 61.0 80,948 31,555 0.48 5,278.1 5,323.4 757,144 1,270,265 826,735 595,851 3.94

19 20 19 13 9 (4) 6 13 83 -- 1 2 6 8 6 (5)

$

86,086 35,688 0.88 5,287.6 5,351.5

$

775,224 1,341,635 893,937 629,320 3.76%

$

235,199 799,574 17,060 25,637 1,422,968 945,749 157,554 158,911 126,607 157,588

222,613 769,631 19,372 25,115 1,313,867 872,629 140,241 141,687 113,952 148,469

6 4 (12) 2 8 8 12 12 11 6

11.17% 11.75 14.63 9.47 10.12 5,266.3 27.64 269,200

10.78 11.33 14.76 9.03 9.46 5,262.6 24.64 264,200

4 4 (1) 5 7 -- 12 2

$

1 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 2 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 3 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep balances). 4 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits. 5 See Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 6 See the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for additional information.

6

Our Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement (WBR) segment reported revenue of $12.2 billion and record net income of $1.3 billion in 2012, driven by strong growth in brokerage-managed account fees. WBR client assets grew to $1.4 trillion in 2012, a 7 percent increase from 2011, including 20 percent growth in brokerage-managed account assets and 6 percent growth in average deposits. WBR continued its success in cross-selling products to clients. The average products grew during 2012 to more than 10 products per household. What's the outlook for revenue growth in 2013? Though we don't set public revenue goals, we do set our sights on continuing to grow by earning more of our customers' business, growing market share across business lines, and making acquisitions that make sense for our customers and our business model.

for each to hire seasonal temporary help. This has also created development opportunities for team members. Most important, Education Financial Services didn't miss out on opportunities to lend, and Shareowner Services continued to receive high satisfaction scores from its customers -- including our shareholders.

Living our vision and values
Putting customers first, growing revenue, reducing expenses -- these are goals shared by many companies. How they're achieved is what ultimately reflects a company's culture. We evaluate our leaders on their cultural performance as well as their financial performance, knowing that our culture binds us together as a team. At Wells Fargo, we believe in the power of plurals. It's not about I, me, and mine. It's about us, we, and ours. Our formula for success is team success, not individual success, and it works. The average tenure at Wells Fargo among my direct reports is 28 years. Our culture is outlined in The Vision & Values of Wells Fargo, a 41-page booklet that details our business ./-/ "4*0-1'0 .)*0-- .*)!*- $)"./4 - we sent a refreshed version of this 19-year-old document to each of our more than 265,000 team members and made it available to the public on wellsfargo.com. Many team members highlight favorite passages. Others refer to our vision and values when they're solving business problems. It's a document that's widely used because it sums up who we are today and how we plan to become one of the world's great companies. A new advertising campaign we launched last year brings an aspect of our vision and values to life -- our culture of listening to customers. Called "Conversations," the campaign showcases how trusted conversations with our customers can affect their lives. One conversation can lead to so much more. The stories highlighted in this Annual Report reflect that. By listening to our customers and deepening relationships with them, we support their success. At Wells Fargo, we live our vision and values. That's how we build trust, and that's how we differentiate ourselves.

Reducing expenses
At Wells Fargo, we don't believe growing and saving are mutually exclusive objectives. This is why reducing expenses is a top priority even as we emphasize growing revenue. We want to grow efficiently in ways that result in products and services that our customers value. This discipline is expressed by our "efficiency ratio," which reflects how much we spend in expenses for every dollar of revenue we earn. In 2012, Wells Fargo's efficiency ratio was 58.5 percent, the lowest of our industry's four largest companies. This meant we spent 58.5 cents for every dollar of revenue we generated. However, we didn't cut expenses solely to achieve this feat. We struck a balance between managing expenses wisely and spending on opportunities. So we hired people where we saw opportunities for growth and reduced operations where we no longer saw value for our customers. Since 2008, we have reduced the size of our overall real estate occupancy portfolio by more than 16 million square feet, net of growth. That's almost six Empire State Buildings. More than 4.5 million square feet of this reduction took place as we grew revenue in 2012. So, we've reduced our company's physical footprint while improving the productivity and efficiency of the space we use. Sometimes the opportunity to save spans operations. Education Financial Services, which offers private loans for college students, and Shareowner Services, which services companies and their shareholders, recognized they each had seasonal volume peaks; other times, when business slowed, they had too much staff. Now the two organizations train each other's teams, reducing the need

Connecting with communities and stakeholders
Our team members set Wells Fargo apart through their support of the communities we serve. Team members make personal donations. They volunteer. They quickly respond when disaster strikes.

7

contributed nearly $316 million to community and

At Wells Fargo, we believe in the power of plurals. It's not about I, me, and mine. It's about us, we, and ours.
 ./4 -2# )0+ -./*-()4-*0"#/ 1.//$*) to the Northeast, our team members -- despite many having lost electrical power or their homes to the storm -- rallied to restore operations. In New Jersey, one team member drove more than an hour to reopen her store, even though she couldn't return to check on her home's damage. Another team member opened her home to 20 family members, friends, and storm refugees. One of our personal bankers helped a local business obtain a loan to repair damaged floors. In addition, Wells Fargo donated $1 million to Superstorm Sandy relief efforts. In 2012, team members responded again when community leaders in cities deeply affected by the housing crisis told them down payment challenges and competition from cash investors were keeping many Americans from re-entering the housing market or buying their first home. In response, Wells Fargo partnered with housing nonprofit NeighborWorks® America to create NeighborhoodLIFT SM, one of several programs we've funded to help keep homeownership accessible to Americans of moderate means in 20 U.S. housing markets. Along with CityLIFT SM, a similar program resulting from an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice, Wells Fargo has provided $170 million in down payment assistance, homebuyer financial education, and other support. In the first 12 months, the programs have helped communities recover from the foreclosure crisis and helped more than 1,600 people buy homes. Community solutions such as these are at the heart of Wells Fargo's philanthropy. Though ranked 26th last year on the Fortune 500 list of America's largest companies, Wells Fargo finished No. 4 on The Chronicle of Philanthropy's 2012 ranking of America's most philanthropic companies. That ranking -- which was based on 2011 giving -- is likely to rise because Wells Fargo

philanthropic causes in 2012 -- a 48 percent increase from 2011. In addition, our team members volunteered 1.5 million hours and pledged a record $79 million in personal contributions -- up 23 percent from 2011 -- to more than 28,000 nonprofits.

Of `fiscal cliffs' and confidence
Any discussion of the past year would not be complete without touching on the issue that dominated U.S. policy discussions in the closing months of 2012: what to do about the country's huge budget deficits. The U.S. ended the year with approximately $16.4 trillion of debt, and this country is on a "debt growth path," which in a couple of years is expected to exceed $20 trillion. I believe that everyone can agree that is too much debt. It's hard to get one's head around a trillion dollars. If I look at the expected $20 trillion national debt through the prism of basic consumer products, such as home mortgages, here's what I see: There are 50 million homes in America with a mortgage, and the average homeowner owes $200,000 on their home. If we took the national debt and gave each homeowner an equal share, their mortgage would grow from $200,000 to roughly $530,000 today and to more than $600,000 in four years. The U.S. cannot borrow 40 cents of every dollar it spends; the size of the national debt does matter. My concern is that, sooner or later, the interest alone on the debt will crowd out resources needed for programs vital to all Americans. That's why I strongly feel that policymakers should return to discussions of long-term fiscal solutions. In the year's final hours, the president and Congress reached a compromise that achieved a short-term solution but postponed crucial decisions on the debt ceiling, the sequester, and ongoing funding of the federal government. Although many have put forward plans to address such long-term fiscal issues, no solution has been implemented. While short-term debates will occur, progress is needed on these long-term problems. Until our country is on a sustainable fiscal path, businesses and consumers will remain cautious and job creation will suffer. We cannot continue to have the fiscal "flavor of the month" dominate the policy agenda. This fosters uncertainty and lack of confidence, which are the enemies of the only sure way to prosperity -- a strong and growing economy. This is the tide that lifts all boats, and we believe the path to achieving that ought to include the following:

8

  Putting the country on a sustainable fiscal path. This will give confidence to trading partners, creditors, and most important, to consumers and business owners-- those who create jobs and invest in this country.   Updating and simplifying our antiquated tax code. Tax policy should promote growth in the U.S.   Re-evaluating regulatory burdens. When I meet with business leaders of companies large and small, I hear stories of the regulatory burdens and "red tape" that get in the way of their doing business, hiring workers, and the like. I am in favor of sound regulations, playing by the rules, level playing fields, and regulators who have the authority to hold wrong-doers accountable. However, we have seen regulations in all industries that have unintended consequences, such as increasing the cost of credit or slowing economic recovery.   Promoting the U.S. We are blessed in this country with huge advantages: an abundance of natural resources, especially energy; the best rule of law; a culture of innovators and entrepreneurs; the best post-secondary schools in the world; and the world's best farmers and manufacturers. The world wants what we produce, and our policies should support that.   Immigration reform. Our nation has always won as a team. We're better together than apart, and I'm encouraged by what I'm hearing out of Washington, D.C., on this topic. The American spirit is as strong as ever. And Americans will be more confident when we see elected officials working together in a way that supports growth with sensible policies and strategies for fiscal issues, taxes, trade, regulations, and immigration.

We welcomed Howard V. "Rick" Richardson to our board of directors as of Jan. 1. Rick is a retired partner *!-$ 2/ -#*0. **+ -.)2 - !*-/0)/ /* benefit from his more than three decades of experience in a wide range of leadership, audit, and business advisory positions. He serves on the board's Audit and Examination Committee. We also want to thank all of our stakeholders, including team members, customers, communities, and shareholders. Your confidence in and support of Wells Fargo remind us why we're so excited to serve customers each and every day. And the best part is when we can all celebrate our accomplishments together. As a result of our combined efforts, millions of customers are better off financially than they were a year ago, communities across the country are more vital, businesses small and large have the financial support and guidance they need to grow, and our economy is showing signs of increased vibrancy due to a housing market on the mend. 2012 was an outstanding year for Wells Fargo's customers, team members, communities, and shareholders. Because, in the end, it all comes down to how well we listen to the needs of all stakeholders and execute in ways that help them succeed. And that's why we look forward to many more conversations with you.

John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company

In appreciation
In April 2012, Mackey J. McDonald retired from our board of directors after 18 years of service to our company. Mackey served on the boards of two predecessor companies, starting with First Union in 1994 and also with Wachovia Corp. He brought extensive experience from his distinguished career, and we benefited from his pragmatic approach, excellent instincts, and vast experience in various markets and consumer-oriented businesses. This made Mackey an exceptional resource as our company grew and changed. We thank him for his long-standing service and contributions to Wells Fargo, and we wish him all the best.

9

