One Strong Box.
How is it that Wells Fargo achieved record profits and record revenue growth while other companies struggled? In uncertain times, individuals and companies pay more attention to the institutions with which they entrust their assets. Safety. Security. Dependability. Price. Value. Sound advice. Convenience. They're more important than ever before. It's all about trust.
To Our Owners What a year! It was filled with uncertainty and bad news--dominated by the global war on terrorism, a sluggish economy, a volatile stock market and concerns over corporate governance. And yet, Wells Fargo achieved record earnings. Even in such challenging times, your Wells Fargo team achieved its long-term goal of double-digit increases in earnings and revenue, while credit losses and non-performing loans actually declined. I know of no other large financial institution that accomplished such results. This performance was among the very best, not only in the financial services industry, but among all industries. Equally important, we're committed as passionately as ever to our vision, our values and our time-tested business model. We have not wavered, we will not waver, from our vision of satisfying all our customers' financial needs, giving them sound financial advice, great service, and helping them succeed financially. Our product is service. Our value-added is financial advice. Our competitive advantage is our people ... all 134,000 of them who continue to achieve industry-leading results regardless of economic conditions. On a comparable basis* , our earnings per share for 2002 were a record $3.32, up 12 percent. Net income was a record $5.7 billion, up 11 percent. Return on equity was 19.6 percent, return on assets 1.77 percent. Our 13 percent growth in revenue, excluding marketsensitive income** and acquisitions, compared with the same period last year, was the best among large financial institutions. Total revenue (unadjusted) increased 22 percent for the year.
Gathered (left) with CEO and Chairman Dick Kovacevich, these 12 Wells Fargo team members symbolize the caring, commitment, energy, skill and diversity of our entire 134,000 member team across North America. To match names and faces, see inside back cover.
* Excludes transitional accounting charge for goodwill impairment of $276 million recorded in first quarter 2002, $1.16 billion impairment and other special charges recorded in second quarter 2001 and goodwill amortization for full year 2001. ** Includes net venture capital gains, limited partnership income and net investment securities gains.

Equally important -- in a year when many of our peers took special charges for losses -- our non-performing loans and net charge-offs were down six percent and three percent year-to-year, respectively. This is a tribute to our team's credit discipline and to the diversity of our revenue sources, loan portfolio and geography, which helps us weather economic cycles. The marketplace recognized our performance. Compared with the top 50 U.S. companies in all industries, Wells Fargo was one of only a handful whose share price ended 2002 higher than the start of the year (up almost eight percent). Our total return, including dividends, was over 10 percent. In the market value of our stock, Wells Fargo was third largest among its U.S. peers, fourth largest among its peers worldwide and 27th largest among all public companies in all industries worldwide. One Strong Box How is it that Wells Fargo achieved record profits and record revenue growth while other companies struggled? In uncertain times, individuals and companies pay more attention to the institutions with which they entrust their assets. Safety. Security. Dependability. Price. Value. Sound advice. Convenience. They're more important than ever before. It's all about trust. As you can see on page one, Mark Twain knew all about this. He was a century ahead of his time in knowing the best way to grow and protect one's financial assets. In that one sentence, he foresaw the business model of Wells Fargo. He predicted the convergence of the financial services industry. Today, more and more Americans see Twain was right. It didn't make much sense in his time, it makes even less sense today, to scatter one's financial assets among a half a dozen or more service providers. Technology and government deregulation enable tens of millions of Americans, with proper vigilance, to save more time and money than ever before by bringing their financial services
W E L L S FA R G O & CO M PA N Y 1 5

business to one trusted provider. That's why the theme of our report to you this year is "One Strong Box." The strong box that protected the valuables of Wells Fargo customers 151 years ago is still a powerful symbol today. It stands for security, longevity and peace of mind. Who better to entrust with your assets than a company that's been around 151 years! In a recent survey, 70 percent of those questioned said they would find it appealing if they could place most of their financial products with one institution. Yet most Americans say one thing and do another! They scatter their assets among many providers. They pass up opportunities to take advantage of volume discounts. They waste time keeping track of where their money is. They drown in monthly account statements. Even at Wells Fargo -- where we've been achieving cross-sell success and preaching the virtues of consolidating financial assets for more than 15 years -- our customers still give 75 percent of their financial business to our competitors. We believe there are three reasons for this disconnect: First, inertia. It's easier for customers to do nothing. It takes effort to move eggs from many baskets. It takes phone calls. It takes paperwork. Most customers think it's a hassle -- but it doesn't have to be. Second, many financial providers make it difficult for their customers to bring them more of their business. They don't take the time to analyze and understand their customers' financial needs (we call it "needs-based selling"). They don't ask them the right questions. They don't listen to the answers. They don't do the work for them. Third, many financial providers do not clearly communicate a compelling "price value" offer that persuades their customers to give them more of their business. This is not about transactions, it's about relationships that can mean real savings and long-term value. We're pleased to say more of our customers are bringing us more of their business. That's the core of our vision -- to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. It applies regardless of economic cycles, interest rates or world events. The more business customers bring us, the more time and money they save, the more loyal they are to Wells Fargo, the more interested they are in bringing us more of their business. This

If earning more business from current customers--and giving them financial advice and great service-- were easy, all our competitors would be doing it. Then it would be a commodity. Instead, it's our value-added.
results in market-share growth that generates double-digit revenue growth, double-digit profit growth and a higher stock price. No secrets. No short cuts. No magic. The bad news is it's hard to do. The good news is it's hard to do! If earning more business from current customers -- and giving them financial advice and great service -- were easy, all our competitors would be doing it. Then it would be a commodity. Instead, it's our value-added. Beginning on page two, we're proud to showcase -- from among our 20 million customers -- ten who've chosen to entrust their financial services business to the "one strong box" of Wells Fargo. We thank them, and all our customers, for the trust they've placed in us. We pledge we'll continue to give them such great service, such sound financial advice, that they'll want to give us even more of their business -- and rave about us to their families, friends and business associates. To give you a sense for how much these ten customers trust the "one strong box" of Wells Fargo, here's some perspective. The average financial services provider has about two products per customer. Four years ago, at the time of the Norwest-Wells Fargo merger, we had about three products per customer. Today, we average more than four. About a third of our banking customers have five products with us. Our goal is eight -- a total that 12 percent of our banking households already have with us. The average U.S. household buys about 15 financial products. Beginning on page two, you can see it's not unusual for some of our customers to have 20, 30 and more than 50 products with us for their individual and business needs. Now, that's one strong box! Progress on our 10 Strategic Initiatives To achieve our vision -- to earn all our customers' business -- we've been benchmarking ourselves the past six years against ten strategic initiatives. Here's a progress report on how we're doing:

1 6 O N E S T R O N G B OX

Our Performance
What a year! Double-digit revenue growth. Double-digit earnings per share growth. Double-digit deposit growth. Double-digit loan growth. Declines in non-performing loans and net charge-offs.
2002 2001 % Change 2002/2001

($ in millions, except per share amounts) FOR THE YEAR Before effect of change in accounting principle (1) and excluding goodwill amortization

Net income Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio (2)
After effect of change in accounting principle

$

5,710 3.35 3.32 1.77% 19.60 56.8

$

3,994 2.33 2.30 1.40% 14.94 60.9

43% 44 44 26 31 (7) 59 60 60 41 46 (11) 10 -- (1) 22 10 13 10 4

Net income Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios ROA ROE Efficiency ratio (2) Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Total revenue Average loans Average assets Average core deposits Net interest margin
AT Y E A R E N D

$

5,434 3.19 3.16 1.69% 18.66 56.8

$

3,423 1.99 1.97 1.20% 12.79 64.0

$

1.10 1,701.1 1,718.0

$

1.00 1,709.5 1,726.9

$ 24,496 $179,281 321,791 184,133 5.57%

$ 20,150 $163,124 285,421 167,946 5.36%

Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits Common stockholders' equity Stockholders' equity Tier 1 capital Total capital Capital ratios Common stockholders' equity to assets Stockholders' equity to assets Risk-based capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$ 27,947 196,634 3,862 9,753 349,259 198,234 30,297 30,358 21,512 31,998 8.67% 8.69 7.60 11.31 6.58 $ 17.97 127,500

$ 40,308 172,499 3,761 9,527 307,569 182,295 27,150 27,214 18,247 27,253 8.83% 8.85 6.99 10.45 6.25 $ 16.01 119,700

(31) 14 3 2 14 9 12 12 18 17 (2) (2) 9 8 5 12 7

(1) Change in accounting principle relates to transitional goodwill impairment charge recorded in first quarter 2002 related to the adoption of FAS 142. (2) The efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income).

W E L L S FA R G O & CO M PA N Y 1 7

More sales do not always lead to better service but better service almost always leads to more sales. "When a personal banker helps a customer in one of our stores, or when a customer gets help from
1. Investments,Trust,Brokerage and Insurance These segments -- where most of our customers have most of their assets -- now account for about 16 percent of our profits. We need to get to at least 25 percent. To accelerate our pace and earn more of our customers' business, we're adding more private bankers, licensing more bankers to sell mutual funds and reaching more customers beyond our stores through our network of independent financial advisors (H.D. Vest, First Allied). We've also reorganized our Private Client Services business so it's more integrated with our community banks, commercial banking offices, and mortgage and home equity businesses. This will enable us to satisfy more of the financial needs of all our investing customers -- from the first-time mutual fund buyer to our most affluent families with complex wealth management needs. 2. Going for "Gr-eight"! We want to increase to eight the number of products our average banking household and business customer has with us. One important way we do this is offering customers products not one at a time but packages of products that save them time and money, such as: Wells Fargo PacksSM: checking, credit card, a home equity line or loan, market rate savings account, and online banking. This package of products can save customers annually up to $300. Wells Fargo Portfolio Management Account: a financial management account including checking, savings, brokerage, trust, and loans that combines all a customer's Wells Fargo accounts into one monthly statement. This account can save customers annually more than $500. Home Asset ManagementSM Account: combines a mortgage, a flexible home equity line of credit and a credit card into one account to manage cash flow, gain potential tax advantages, plan for major expenses, and invest. Homebuyers' Package: offers our new mortgage customers a package of banking products including a free, interest-bearing checking account, no-annual-fee Wells Fargo® ATM & Check card, a home equity loan or line with no closing costs, three free months of online billpay, 15 percent discount on the first brokerage trade,

one of our telephone bankers or does a transaction on wellsfargo.com we want them to say, `Wow! I didn't know I could get service like that.' We're only as good as our first impression and our last contact."

credit cards, and overdraft checking protection. This package can save customers annually up to $340. Business Service Packages: combine checking accounts, deposit and credit services, payroll and merchant services at a lower price than if a small business customer were to buy those same products separately. 3. Doing it Right for the Customer We want to be advocates for our customers and put them at the center of everything we do. We want to give them outstanding service each and every time, so they'll give us more of their business, honor us with repeat purchases and rave about us to their family, friends and business associates. Selling to customers is key to our vision. We're all salespeople and proud of it. We all believe "Service Starts with Me.SM" Our measurement and reward system, however, must balance selling to customers and keeping more customers. Keeping customers is even more important than selling to customers. The marketplace rewards us for what we keep. You, our stockholders, get rewarded for what we keep. In an average year, we lose almost one of every five of our retail customers! We don't want them to just come up to the front door, spend some time on the porch and then go out the back door. We want them to visit with us in the kitchen so we can have a conversation, understand their financial needs, and help them succeed financially. Our goal is to cut in half the number of our customers who leave us every year. To do that we have to "Wow!" them. We all know what that feels like. We're all customers! All of us hear stories about customers who pick a certain line at the supermarket because they know the person who bags the groceries connects with them -- smiles, greets regular customers by name, asks how their families are doing. When a personal banker helps a customer in one of our stores, or when a customer gets

1 8 O N E S T R O N G B OX

Earning more of our customers' business 3.2

Financial products per customer

Norwest-Wells Fargo merger (average banking households) 1998

4.2 2
Where most of our competitors are

Wells Fargo average banking household 2002

8 Our goal

Average U.S. household

15

5 4.9

One third of our banking households 2002 Wells Fargo average commercial/corporate banking customer 2002

help from one of our telephone bankers or does a transaction on wellsfargo.com we want them to say, "Wow! That was great. I can't wait to tell someone." When a Wells Fargo team member serves a customer, we want that customer to say "Wow! I didn't know I could get service like that. Those Wells Fargo folks made a difference. They solved a problem or helped me understand how I can achieve my goals. I learned something new about my financial health." We're only as good as our first impression and our last contact. This is all about culture and attitude. 4.100 Percent Bank and Mortgage/Home Equity Cross-Sell We want all our mortgage and home-equity customers in our banking states to bank with us. We want our banking customers who need a mortgage or home-equity loan or line to get it through Wells Fargo. Sixteen percent of our customers who are home owners have a mortgage with us, up from 14 percent three years ago. Among our banking customers who own homes, 14 percent have a home equity loan or line with us, more than double three years ago. Wells Fargo--which originated an industry record $333 billion for the year--is #1 in the U.S. in mortgage originations, and in mortgages to people of color, to low-to-moderate income borrowers and in low-to-moderate income census tracts. We're also #1 in the U.S. in home-equity lending. 5. Wells Fargo Cards in Every Wallet We must make sure every one of our bank customers has a credit card and debit card with us. Today, about one in every four of our bank customers has a credit card with us. About three in every four of our bank customers have a debit card with us. 6. When,Where and How We want to integrate all our delivery channels -- stores, ATMs, Phone Bank service, online banking, direct mail, interactive video -- to match with when, where and how our customers want to be served. Customers don't think of distribution channels. They think of a distribution community. They use online banking or the Phone Bank service for checking account balances. They use a banking store to visit with a financial consultant. They use ATMs to get cash. Each channel has to have all the latest information. They're all connected. We also want to serve as many customers as possible in all our channels through their preferred language. In 2002, we added Chinese-language screens at more than 2,600 of our ATMs (nearly half our network). Customers already can use Wells Fargo's

webATM® machines in English or Spanish. Online, wellsfargo.com --now also in Spanish for consumers--ranked #1 in the U.S. as the top internet banking site for attracting, activating and retaining customers, #1 as the top consumer website, and #1 as the top site for small businesses among our peers. We now have 3.5 million active online customers (up 27 percent from year-end 2001). More than one million of them use online billpay or presentment. Our online brokerage accounts rose 24 percent in 2002, active online small business customers rose 47 percent, and more than half our middlemarket and large corporate customers now use our Commercial Electronic Office business portal for their financial transactions. Our Phone Bank teams not only serve customers, they ask about their needs and sell them products and services that can save time and money. In one quarter alone in 2002, our Phone Bank teams generated almost a half a million referrals and more than 238,000 product sales. Almost one-third of the revenue we're generating through our foreign exchange online service comes from business customers buying our foreign exchange services for the first time. 7. Information-Based Marketing We must use technology to analyze and meet our customers' needs while respecting and protecting the privacy of personal information. We want to offer the right product to the right customer at the right time at every point of customer contact to save them time and money. For example, we identify selected Wells Fargo banking customers who don't have a mortgage with us and offer to refinance their mortgage with no closing costs-- saving them up to $600. 8. Be Our Customers'Payments Processor We must be sure Wells Fargo adds real value that enables us to be the intermediary -- electronic or paper -- whenever and wherever our customers buy services. Last year, our internet payments business -- person-toperson and business-to-consumer ­ grew transaction volume 91 percent and revenue 84 percent. For example, we enable suppliers of a national retailer to receive payment information electronically rather than by paper, saving the retailer money and generating revenue for Wells Fargo. 9. Outstanding Customers We must keep all our "high-value" customers and attract more of them by earning more business from households that can become "high-value" customers. As the oldest and largest trust bank in the western United States, we've been
W E L L S FA R G O & CO M PA N Y 1 9

managing the assets of wealthy families for 151 years. Today, we have more opportunities than ever before to earn more business from all customers, including the wealthy, by offering them more insurance and investment products to satisfy their financial needs. As annuities and mutual funds become standard products for our customers, who better to help them than Wells Fargo? 10. People as a Competitive Advantage We must continue to develop, reward and recognize all our team members, and build an inclusive workplace and a more diverse organization. This may surprise you. Our most important constituency is not our customers. It's our own team members. Team member engagement is linked to customer loyalty. Customers often say they'd choose a small local bank that has fewer products, not much distribution, but great service over one of the so-called "big banks" that has great products, great distribution, but lousy service. Why can't there be a third choice? We want to be a company that has great products, great distribution, and great service -- and that's driven by caring, energized, committed team members who care more about each other, more about their customers and more about their communities than our competitors do. Diversity is key to this initiative. To become a more diverse company -- and reflect the growing diversity of our markets -- our executive managers are holding themselves and each other accountable. We want people from diverse backgrounds in all levels of management. We're building long-term relationships with diverse communities. "Know Me,Recognize Me,Save Me Time,Save Me Money" The most valuable asset inside our "one strong box" is information. Our customers trust us to protect it and to use it to offer them products and services that can save them time and money. We do not give or sell information to any third party, including telemarketers, for their independent use. Three years ago, an historic Federal law took effect -- the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. It broke down arbitrary, structural barriers that prevented one-stop shopping for financial services. As a result, banking, securities and insurance firms can join together in one company for the first time. The central promise of this law is that it will save customers time and money. The foundation for keeping this promise is the ability to use technology to store, analyze and share information about customers efficiently inside one enterprise. That foundation now is under attack in some state
2 0 O N E S T R O N G B OX

legislatures. It's important that you, our owners, understand what is at stake for customers and the threat these efforts pose to our ability to save them time and money. Our customers see Wells Fargo as one brand, not a bunch of separate businesses. They come to us because they expect our businesses to work together to help them with all their financial needs. They tell us time and again that they want us to know them, recognize them, save them time and money. To do this, we need to share information about them among our businesses. Imagine a customer walking into a home improvement store and the sales clerk having to ask the customer's permission every time they want to walk down a different aisle of the store. Nonsense! Our business model is based on the same principle: allowing customers to move freely around our "store." It's based on advising them of the products best for their needs as they move through their financial life cycle -- from borrowers to homeowners to savers to investors to business owners to retirees. Our business is based on trust. Using information about customers appropriately is absolutely essential to keep that trust. The debate over "privacy" and use of information requires an intelligent balancing of costs, benefits and practicality. We believe the best way to achieve that balance and practicality is not a patchwork of different local ordinances and laws in thousands of cities and states. That would be a mess! -- expensive and confusing for customers who live and work in our highly mobile society and demand access to their money and information about their accounts wherever they are 24/7. Rather, what's needed is a national solution. Using customer information among businesses in one corporate family should be allowed under one national law, subject to giving customers an "opt-out" choice for some marketing practices. The goal of sharing customer information inside Wells Fargo is to protect the reasonable and real expectations of our customers about how information about them is used and to give them choices that will save them time and money. Corporate Governance:Everyone's Responsibility! There's another important area that involves earning the trust of all our stakeholders: corporate governance. The serious lapses that came to light in corporate America in 2002 -- shabby ethics, serious conflicts of interest, outright fraud and theft -- will cast a long shadow of doubt for many years. These transgressions caused the collapse of some employee 401(k) plans. Small investors and retirees suffered

Our customers see Wells Fargo as one brand, not a bunch of separate businesses. They come to us because they expect our businesses to work together to help them with all their financial needs.
life-changing financial losses. Some investors concluded that the scandals were cases of individual greed, not systemic business corruption, but there remain millions of other investors -- many still holding on to their portfolios for dear life -- who have lost faith in corporate America. Without trust, the economic benefit of capitalism is at risk. Without trust, there can be no confidence in the promises and commitments companies make about their products and services. Without trust, the cost of capital in the United States will rise. At Wells Fargo, honesty, trust and integrity are not just the responsibility of our senior management and our board of directors. We all share that responsibility. All 134,000 of us. Corporations don't have a conscience. People do. Corporate ethics is the sum total of the thousands of ethical decisions all of us make every day. If you really want to find out how strong a company's ethics are, watch how its people act. Examine the ethical decisions they make every day. That's the true measure of effective corporate governance. This is even more important in the financial services industry because everything we do -- and I mean everything -- is built on trust. Our customers trust all of us to protect their money. They trust our tellers to make transactions accurately and promptly. They trust our bankers to recommend the right products and services for their needs. They trust our financial consultants to give them the right financial advice. They trust our mortgage salespeople to manage their application process completely, accurately and as quickly as possible. They trust our commercial bankers to provide effective cash management. They trust all of us to keep private information about them confidential. They trust our "one strong box." Honesty, trust and integrity often are the only things that distinguish us from our competitors in the minds of our customers. Even the value of our stock is built on the intangible faith and trust of our investors in our future. It's impossible to earn trust if one is trustworthy in some things and not trustworthy in other things. We have to be trustworthy in all things all the time. The word "integrity" and the word "integration" come from the same root: entire. This implies a wholeness, a complete, undivided, unbroken consistency of approach and execution. To have integrity one must be consistently honest and trustworthy in everything one does. When you have integrity, people know you will do what you know is right. And that happens to align with how we define "culture" at Wells Fargo.

It's knowing what you have to do without someone telling you to do it. That's why integrity is not a commodity. It's the most rare and precious of personal attributes. It is the core of a person's -- and a company's -- reputation. The Real Value of Stock Options Stock options continue to be a topic of debate. Some proponents of expensing options believe that valuing stock options and recording this value as an expense to the corporation will curb stock option abuses and support the concept of expensing stock options for this reason. Stock option abuses, however, are not an accounting issue but a corporate governance issue. Stock option accounting should fairly present the economic effect of stock options on the company and its stockholders. Stock option abuses should be addressed by holding directors accountable for executive compensation. Stock options are non-cash compensation that align the interests of the company's management and team members with its owners. They've been a very valuable tool to start-up companies, especially U.S. technology companies, allowing them to attract talent and create innovative products that are the envy of the world. They've helped entrepreneurs and product innovators thrive -- while preserving valuable cash. They've helped create millions of jobs in the U.S., producing world class products and services, a primary source of exports. At Wells Fargo, we believe options should be broad based. Essentially all 134,000 of our team members receive options, even part-timers. In the past eight years, we've made five company-wide stock option grants -- a total of 1,350 option shares for virtually every full-time team member who was with us during those eight years.

W E L L S FA R G O & CO M PA N Y 2 1

Corporations don't have a conscience. People do. Corporate ethics is the sum total of the thousands of ethical decisions all of us make every day. This is even more important in the financial services industry because everything we do is built on trust.
change the capital of a company as an expense stands economic reality on its head. This is not to say there is no economic effect from stock options. There is. Stock options give employees the value of potential future increases in stock price. For this reason, they are a valuable tool to compensate and retain team members. But the economic effect of option grants is not an expense, an outflow or other "using up" of the company's assets. The economic effect of an option grant, instead, is a possible reduction of the company's earnings allocated to stock owned by existing stockholders. For example, if a company has 1,000 shares of stock outstanding and earns $1,000, the company's earnings per share are one dollar. If the company issues ten more shares upon the exercise of stock options and then earns the same $1,000, the company's earnings per share would be ninety-nine cents. This is not an expense, an outflow, to the corporation. It's simply allocating the company's earnings over more shares. The economic effect of issuing more stock is not to reduce the size of the company's earnings pie. Rather, it increases the number of slices into which the pie is cut. I believe the net income of Wells Fargo should reflect the revenue less the company's bona fide expenses, not the effect that issuing new shares may have on the earnings per share of stock owned by existing stockholders. Stockholders should, however, be informed of the possible economic effect that stock options may have on the portion of the company's earnings attributable to the stock they own. The company informs stockholders of this effect by reporting basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share in its quarterly and annual financial statements. The quarterly diluted earnings per share number shows what earnings per share would have been if all vested and unvested "in the money" options had been exercised and shares had been issued. The difference between basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share shows the potential dilutive effect of stock option grants on shares owned by existing stockholders. I believe that this diluted earnings per share information fairly states the possible economic effect of stock option grants. Also, Wells Fargo discloses the estimated value of vested stock option grants in a note to its annual financial statements. Cause for Optimism Despite economic conditions and all the challenges in the world today, there's cause for optimism. U.S.

We also believe stock options for management should not exceed an annual grant of 1.5 percent of shares outstanding. In fact, Wells Fargo's annual grants to management over the past five years have averaged about one percent. Managers should share the risks of stock ownership with other stockholders. Our policy is that managers hold, until they leave the company, Wells Fargo stock equal to or exceeding 50 percent of all after-tax profit shares acquired through option exercises. Accounting for Options We believe the financial impact of options should be accounted for promptly and accurately. I realize some companies have decided to expense options through net "income" ­ even though options do not involve a cash payment from the company. Also, there's no general agreement on how to value options. The most widely-used method of valuing them was designed for options that are of short duration, that are freely transferable and that are not subject to vesting periods. The design for models such as this do not apply to employee stock options and would, I believe, result in overstating the value of stock options. Accounting entries should fairly present the economic reality of the transactions they record. A stock option is the obligation of a company to issue stock in the future at a specified price. In the case of Wells Fargo employee stock options, the specified price is always the market price of Wells Fargo stock on the date the option is granted. When the option is exercised, the team member pays the specified price to Wells Fargo and receives stock in return. If the exercise price is paid in cash, Wells Fargo receives the amount of the exercise price, a cash inflow, and its capital increases by the amount it receives. If the exercise price is paid in stock, capital is unchanged. A transaction that increases or does not change capital is not an expense. With an expense, a company generally pays for something, an outflow, and its capital decreases by the amount of the payment. To record a transaction that increases or does not
2 2 O N E S T R O N G B OX

economic performance leads the world. Productivity continues to increase. Efficiency gains from the 1990s continue to benefit the global economy. Interest rates remain near record lows. The Federal Reserve cut interest rates 11 times since January 2001. The benefits of those cuts continue to filter through the economy. Record mortgage re-financings in 2002 were the equivalent of about a $135 billion tax cut for America's homeowners. At the start of 2003 the Dow Jones average was almost 2,000 points higher than when Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan first used the words "irrational exuberance" in late 1996. Wells Fargo remains optimistic about the growth opportunities ahead for us in financial services, a $2.5 trillion industry -- the largest, most fragmented, most dynamic industry in the world -- seven times larger than banking. Our opportunities for market share gains in all segments of this huge industry -- banking, insurance, investments, mortgage, to name just a few -- are enormous. If we continue to put our customers first, ask them the right questions, listen carefully to their answers and offer them sound financial advice and the best products to help them achieve their financial goals, then I have no doubt we can satisfy all their financial needs, earn more of their business, grow market share and generate industry-leading growth in profits, revenues and stock market value. The "Next Stage®" We thank our team members -- all 134,000 of them -- for their energy, their caring, their professionalism, their passion for customer service. Another great year by a truly great team! We thank our customers, for entrusting more of their business with the "one strong box" of Wells Fargo. We thank our communities -- thousands of them across North America -- for the privilege of helping make them better places to live and work. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 151st year. For our team members, customers, communities and stockholders -- the "Next Stage" of financial success is just down the road. It's going to be a great ride.

Our Special Thanks
Three members of our Board of Directors -- whose wise counsel propelled our company toward achieving its vision -- retire from our Board this April: Michael R. Bowlin, retired chairman and CEO of Atlantic Richfield Company, Los Angeles, joined the Board of the former Wells Fargo in 1996 after the acquisition of First Interstate, and served on the executive, finance and human resources committees. David A. Christensen, retired president and CEO of Raven Industries, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, joined the Board of Directors of Norwest Corporation in 1977 and this year completes service of more than 25 years, one of the longest Board tenures in the history of Norwest or Wells Fargo. He served 16 years as head of the credit committee and most recently on the governance and nominating and the human resources committees. Spencer F. Eccles, chairman of our Intermountain Banking Region and former chairman and CEO of First Security of Salt Lake City, Utah, joined the Board in 2000, after the Wells Fargo­First Security merger. He served on the credit and finance committees and helped bring the Winter Olympics to Salt Lake City.

Also during 2002, we mourned the loss of former Board member Chang-lin Tien who died in October. As a young man, Dr. Tien was a refugee twice, first from the Japanese, then from the Chinese communists. As Chancellor of the University of California at Berkeley, he was the first AsianAmerican to head a major American research university, raised nearly $1 billion for the University, and increased financial support for research by 35 percent. During his 11 years of service, he provided invaluable counsel on international marketing strategies, especially in Asia, and represented the company's ownership interest on the board of the Shanghai Commercial Bank of Hong Kong. We extend our deepest sympathy to his family.

Richard M. Kovacevich, Chairman and CEO

W E L L S FA R G O & CO M PA N Y 2 3

