Dick Kovacevich, Chairman & CEO

To Our Owners,
Our report to you this year is about how we measure the "Next Stage"of success--but let's first review our most recent success, in 2003. By virtually any measure, it was another great year. Once again we achieved record revenue and profit. Double-digit increases again in both measures! Our financial performance was among the very best not only in financial services but in any industry. Our bank is the only one in America rated "Aaa"by Moody's Investor Services.The market value of Wells Fargo stock surpassed $100 billion for the first time. Only about 20 other U.S. companies have a higher market cap.Our credit quality was among the best in our industry.We earned even more of our customers' business and gained market share. Equally important, we're well positioned for continued growth in market share, revenue and net income.

Among our achievements in 2003: · Earnings per share ­ a record $3.65, up 10 percent. · Net income ­ a record $6.2 billion, up 9 percent. · Return on equity ­ 19.4 percent; return on assets 1.64 percent. · For the second consecutive year ­ our revenue growth, 12 percent, was among the best of our peers ­ following our 13 percent growth in 2002. I strongly believe the key to consistent bottom line (profit) growth is consistent top line (revenue) growth. · Nonperforming assets and net charge-offs, as a percent of loans, declined from .88 percent in 2002 to .66 percent in 2003 and from .96 percent in 2002 to .81 percent in 2003, respectively. · Our allowance for loan losses continued to provide more than two times coverage of both our nonperforming loans and our net charge-offs. · Core product sales in Community Banking ­ up 11 percent. · We set another industry record for mortgage originations, $470 billion. In the past three years we've originated more than $1 trillion in home mortgages. We continued to be #1 in mortgage lending to people of color and low-to-moderate income home buyers. In California, the nation's largest housing market, we're #1 in mortgages for homebuyers who are Asian-American, Hispanic, AfricanAmerican and Native American. · Wholesale Banking net income ­ up 17 percent, the fifth consecutive year of record earnings. Delivering superior value to our customers-- thus earning more of their business and growing revenue, profit and stock price-- enables us to continue delivering superior value for you, our stockholders. Thanks to the continued strength and consistency of our financial performance -- and the recent equalizing of dividend and capital gains tax rates--we increased our quarterly common stock dividend in 2003 by 50 percent to 45 cents a share. We target a dividend payout ratio at 40 to 50 percent of earnings. The marketplace continues to recognize our performance. Our stock price closed at a record high of $58.94 on December 30,
2

One reason we've been able to consistently deliver these strong results for nearly two decades in all economic cycles without taking undue risk is because we have one of our industry's most effective, time-tested business models. It's not product-centric but customer-centric.

2003. Our total return to shareholders for 2003, including reinvested dividends, was 29.4 percent. Our outstanding financial performance is not just a short-term phenomenon. The past ten years, both our revenue and earnings per share have grown at an annual compound rate of 13 percent. Our annualized total stockholders' return during that period was 19.93 percent compared with 11.05 percent for the S&P 500 and 15.25 percent for the S&P banking index. We've had an extraordinary ride the past 17 years -- consider that when I joined the old Norwest in 1986 our market capitalization was less than $1 billion. At year-end it was $100 billion.

Our Vision: Unchanged! One reason we've been able to consistently deliver these strong results for nearly two decades in all economic cycles without taking undue risk is because we have one of our industry's most effective, time-tested business models. It's not product-centric but customer-centric and it's diversified, including virtually all financial products and services. It's based on our belief that money never declines. It simply moves from one segment or investment vehicle to another, in response to macro-

economic factors and our customers' own life cycles. From CDs and annuities to mutual funds and stocks and back. Our customers go from net borrowers early in life to net investors later in life. From life insurance to investments, from secured credit to unsecured credit. Keeping our customers' business as they decide to move their money is how we've avoided volatile earnings through booms, busts, expansions and recessions. When the stock market declines, for example, our deposits rise. When interest rates decline, our mortgage originations grow. When interest rates rise--because the economy is improving-- commercial loans grow and our mortgage servicing business gains value because servicing customers tend to keep their mortgages longer. All of this is why our vision hasn't changed in 17 years --We want to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We want to be the premier provider of financial services in every one of our markets, and be known as one of America's great companies.

Measuring the "Next Stage"of Success Our vision has not changed, but the way we measure our success has. Ten years ago

I spoke at a meeting of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and said publicly for the first time that I believed "the banking industry is dead, and we should bury it." I said there would still be a banking business, but it would be just a segment of a much larger, faster growing, highly-fragmented industry called financial services. At that time there were 13,000 banks. Now there are about 7,800. Consolidation across our industry continues--caused by deregulation, technology and a growing awareness by customers that they can save time and money by consolidating their business with fewer (we would say just one!) financial providers. In most cases, the 1990s was not a good time to be a mono-line, a narrowlyfocused financial company. At one time or another, almost every segment of the financial services industry took a hit, including investment banking, stock brokerage, mutual funds, commercial lending, savings and loans, credit card companies, property and casualty insurance companies and finance companies. I believe the long-term winners--those who achieve consistently excellent results, year after year, regardless of economic conditions --will be those diversified financial services companies-- not those that are narrowly-based-- that can prove to their customers that they can save them time and money if they bring more or all of their financial services business to them.

Changing the Measures of Success Now, ten years later, another change is long overdue in the financial services industry--it's the way we measure success. How should we measure success? Even a game that's been around as long as baseball is changing the way it measures success. As Michael Lewis points out in his best-seller, Moneyball, statistics such as batting average and stolen bases traditionally were considered most important. Today, it's on-base percentage, runs scored, and slugging percentage. So, too, we must change how we measure success in our industry. Traditionally, asset size and return on assets were most important. Today, it's revenue growth and products per customer. Simply put, our industry often measures the wrong things. It's using measures from

the stagnant, old banking industry to measure success in today's dynamic financial services industry. For example, return on assets-- after-tax profit as a percent of assets--is an old loan-based measure. It does not meaningfully measure the return from feebased businesses such as mortgages, insurance agencies and money management --which together now are about 40 percent of the revenue of financial services companies such as Wells Fargo. Total assets simply show how big you are. Many "banks" have learned the hard way: bigger is not always better. You cannot simply acquire your way to success. You get bigger by being better. You don't get better by being bigger. Likewise, the long-used "efficiency ratio" --how many cents it costs to earn a dollar of revenue--differs widely by type of business. Is a lower efficiency ratio better than a higher efficiency ratio? Not necessarily. A well-run wholesale banking business, for example, may have an efficiency ratio of less than 30 percent. A well-run insurance agency could be close to 80 percent. Guess which business has the higher risk-based return on equity? Another example: deposits. It's still a valuable measure of market share but today it's only about 20 percent of average household financial assets. Yet regulators still measure market concentration for antitrust purposes based on commercial bank deposits. They don't even fully include savings banks, credit unions, money market funds, brokers and other bank competitors. Total customers also is a misleading measure. It tells you nothing about how much business those customers give you or how long they stay with you. Financial services companies have been measuring their results differently for many years. In this report, we present what we believe is a more relevant set of measures for financial services companies in the 21st century. We believe they show more accurately how value is created for team members, customers, communities and stockholders. We believe this new group of measures is likely to be applied throughout our entire industry over time. Our industry also needs standard definitions for these measures so there can be a real "apples-to-apples" comparison of performance.

Over the past several years at Wells Fargo, we've been measuring success in ways that often are far different than our competitors. From among all those measures, we've selected 15 that we believe are the most important indicators of success in today's financial services industry. You can review them--and meet some of our team members who are responsible for our success in each of these measures--beginning on page 9.

Some Major Growth Opportunities Many of the measures we highlight represent some of our most important growth opportunities-- such as products per customer, assets under management, internet banking, deposits, mortgage, commercial and home equity market share. We also have many other significant growth opportunities for 2004, including: Business Banking Businesses with annual revenues up to $20 million are the hub of job growth in our banking markets. We have an outstanding team of business bankers. We're now giving them more central support--information systems, staffing models and performance standards--so they can spend more time with customers and earn all their business, not just loans and deposits, but treasury management, 401(k) plans, trust services, merchant card and their personal business including investments. A business banking customer of Wells Fargo can choose from among 47 products. Yet our average business banking customer has only 2.5 products with us. Half of them have only one product with us! Our goals in business banking are to double revenue in five years, get to five products per customer, be the primary provider for all their financial needs (business and personal) and be known as the best business bank in every single one of our markets. Improving the Customer Experience The quality of our customer service begins with our team members. They're the single biggest influence on our customers. If our team members are happy and satisfied, our customers will be more loyal to us and give us more opportunities to earn all their business. We regularly measure the engagement of our team members--to find out, for example, if they have the opportunity
3

Our Performance
Another great year: double-digit growth in revenue, earnings per share, net income and loans.

($ in millions, except per share amounts) FOR THE YEAR B e fo r e e f fe c t o f c h a n g e i n a c co u n t i n g p r i n c i p l e
(1)

2003

2002

% Change

Net income Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE)
Af te r e f fe c t o f c h a n g e i n a c co u n t i n g p r i n c i p l e

$

6,202 3.69 3.65 1.64% 19.36

$

5,710 3.35 3.32 1.77% 19.63

9% 10 10 (7) (1)

Net income Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios ROA ROE Efficiency ratio (2) Total revenue Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits Net interest margin
AT Y E A R E N D

$

6,202 3.69 3.65 1.64% 19.36 60.6

$

5,434 3.19 3.16 1.69% 18.68 58.3

14 16 16 (3) 4 4 12 36 (1) (1) 22 17 12 (8)

$ 28,389 1.50 1,681.1 1,697.5 $213,132 377,613 207,046 5.08%

$ 25,249 1.10 1,701.1 1,718.0 $174,482 321,725 184,133 5.53%

Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits Common stockholders' equity Stockholders' equity Tier 1 capital Total capital Capital ratios Stockholders' equity to assets Risk-based capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$ 32,953 253,073 3,891 10,371 387,798 211,271 34,484 34,469 25,704 37,267 8.89% 8.42 12.21 6.93 $ 20.31

$ 27,947 192,478 3,819 9,753 349,197 198,234 30,258 30,319 21,473 31,910 8.68% 7.70 11.44 6.57 $ 17.95 127,500

18 31 2 6 11 7 14 14 20 17 2 9 7 5 13 10

140,000

(1) Change in accounting principle relates to transitional goodwill impairment charge recorded in first quarter 2002 related to the adoption of FAS 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. (2) The efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income).

4

to do what they do best every day, if they've received recognition and praise for doing good work in the last seven days, if they have someone at work who encourages their development, if they have opportunities at work to learn and grow. In Regional Banking we interview 30,000 customers a month about their experience in our stores--at least ten customers for every one of our more than 3,000 banking stores every month. In Wholesale Banking, more than 5,500 commercial and corporate customers took training programs in 2003 at Wells Fargo to help them get maximum benefit from our products and services--more than triple the number who took part in the sessions the previous year. Every one of our banking stores, banking markets and banking regions gets customer satisfaction

are Wells Fargo customers but only three percent of those 12 million are PCS customers. To pursue this huge opportunity, we've more than doubled the number of our private bankers in the past three years to 342. Also, 500 of our bankers now are licensed to sell mutual funds and annuities. We expect to more than double that number by the end of 2004. Retail Banking Store Growth For years-- especially in the 1990s when it seemed everyone in the industry thought banking stores were passé--we said stores would continue to be a very important channel, part of a fully-integrated delivery system with electronic channels. We were right simply because we listened to our customers. The vast majority of our customers visit one of our banking stores several times a month.

Serving Diverse Growth Segments Two years ago, we became the first major bank in the U.S. to partner with the Mexican government to accept the matricula card as a primary form of identification for opening a bank account. The number of accounts we've opened using the matricula now has surpassed 300,000. We're opening an average of more than 700 accounts a day for Mexican nationals using the matricula, a seven-fold increase over a two-year period. By enabling more Mexican nationals to access financial services, we're making it easier and cheaper for them to send money back to their families in Mexico via wire transfer. Money transfers from Mexican workers in the U.S. to their families in Mexico have surpassed direct foreign investment in Mexico from multi-national corporations.

Simply put,our industry often measures the wrong things. It's using measures from the stagnant,old banking industry to measure success in today's dynamic financial services industry.
scores every month -- so we can help our stores that are below average in customer service become good, so our good stores can get to great and so our great stores can stay great. Among other Wells Fargo businesses, our mortgage company ranks among the top five in the industry in service quality. Our Shareowner Services business has ranked #1 in customer satisfaction among its peers seven of the last eight years. Our Wholesale Banking businesses consistently rank high in service quality. Private Client Services (PCS) There are about 12 million households in our 23 banking states with investable assets of more than $100,000. Twenty-six percent of them We continue to add more stores. In California, for example, we've opened 90 new banking stores in the past five years, including a number in low-to-moderate income communities. We opened a banking store in the largely Hispanic community of Pacoima in California's San Fernando Valley, the first new bank there in 17 years. In less than a year, our Pacoima bank has more than 1,000 checking account customers and more than $3 million in deposits. We've also completed a major remodeling of a banking store in an African-American neighborhood in South Central Los Angeles and we're remodeling four banking stores in other under-served areas of Los Angeles. Among our other efforts: · We've opened a national Hispanic Customer Service Center for our mortgage business, headquartered in Las Cruces, New Mexico. It's the first of its kind in the industry, our first of several such centers to provide special service for Spanishspeaking homebuyers. · We've launched a new homeownership initiative that offers Korean-Americans in Los Angeles and Orange Counties bilingual information about how to buy a home-- perhaps the first program in the country to offer such comprehensive education and counseling. The initiative pairs participants with real estate agents who speak Korean
5

and offers mortgages that address income, cash and credit issues, and accepts nontraditional credit references so buyers can qualify without having to put up any money of their own. · In Oregon and Washington we've created a team of bilingual, bicultural bankers to serve the needs of tens of thousands of Korean-Americans who communicate in their native language. · In Greeley, Colorado, we're presenting Latino homebuyers a one-stop shopping partnership service called Centro Financiero --mortgage, title, insurance, homebuilder and realtor, all under one roof. · In addition to English--Spanish, Chinese and Hmong languages are available at 75 percent of our ATMs. · To make it easier for visually-impaired customers to bank online, we now have spoken content on wellsfargo.com. One of our legally blind customers tells us that on-line banking that used to take her two hours now takes 15 minutes. Acquisitions We're always searching for acquisition opportunities that will enable us to satisfy all the financial needs of more customers and thus add value for them, their communities and our shareholders. In 2003, we acquired: · the $3.2 billion Pacific Northwest Bancorp, adding 760 team members and 57 banking stores in Washington and Oregon; and the $74 million Bank of Grand Junction, Colorado; · 11 mutual funds from San Francisco-based Montgomery Asset Management--adding $1.4 billion in assets to our $73 billion in mutual fund assets under management; · Benson Associates, LLC, a Portland, Oregon-based asset-management company with $1.3 billion in equity assets under management; · Trumbull Associates, LLC, a Connecticutbased manager for companies undergoing bankruptcy through the Chapter 11 process; and · the insurance business of Fireman's Fund AgriBusiness, which became part of Wells Fargo's Rural Community Insurance Company, making us the nation's largest crop insurance managing general agency. Since the Norwest-Wells Fargo merger five years ago, we've acquired 22 banks
6

($43 billion in assets), 12 consumer finance companies ($14 billion), 10 specialized lending companies ($5.5 billion), four broker-dealers, several mortgage servicing and loan portfolios, three trust companies, three asset management firms and three commercial real estate firms. In the three years we've owned Acordia--the nation's largest bank-owned insurance brokerage-- it has acquired 17 insurance brokerages in 13 states. Its annual premiums have grown to more than $6 billion. To provide more operating capacity for future growth we continue to expand our facilities. In West Des Moines, Iowa, we'll break ground for a 900,000 square-foot campus building for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage and our Consumer Credit Group. In downtown Des Moines, we're building a 370,000 square-foot office building for our 106-year-old consumer finance business, Wells Fargo Financial. In Minneapolis, we've invested $175 million to expand the former Honeywell headquarters campus and more than double our capacity to employ up to 4,300 workers there by next year. Since the Norwest-Wells Fargo merger we've added 3,500 jobs in Minnesota and increased our employment in that state to 17 ,500 team members, up 33 percent. In the Phoenix suburb of Chandler, we've invested $88 million to build a 400,000 square foot campus building on 62 acres for more than 2,000 of our team members who live and work in metro Phoenix. The campus building ultimately could be more

than one million square feet and have room for 7 ,000 team members. Product Packages We don't believe in one-size-fits-all financial services because every customer's needs are different. In retail banking, our new portfolio packages give our bankers more flexibility to tailor these packages of products to our customers' needs. After our bankers determine a new customer's needs, they offer a checking account and other products such as a savings account, online banking, ATM and Check Card, credit card, personal or home equity loans, or mortgage, insurance and investment products. All our customers should be Wells Fargo Portfolio Package SM customers because they already have credit cards, loans and savings accounts elsewhere! We want to remind our customers how much they're saving by buying products in a package rather than à la carte. Wholesale Banking Our biggest opportunity in Wholesale Banking is building even broader and deeper relationships with our commercial and corporate customers across the United States. We want them to think of Wells Fargo for all their financial needs including credit, treasury management, international, investment and insurance. Our electronic payment solutions -- such as images of payables and remittance advices -- help them streamline payments to suppliers and employees, reduce costs, increase payment predictability and improve cash control. We now process more than one billion electronic deposit transactions

How we measure up: Wells Fargo's compound annual growth rate vs. our peers*
Wells Fargo
Revenue 15 years 10 years 5 years Diluted EPS 1

Total Shareholder Return
Wells Fargo S&P Bank Peers 2 Financial Peers 3 Retail Peers 4

12% 13 10

11% 13 24

22.93% 19.93 10.57

12.19% 11.05 -0.57

16.45% 15.50 2.63

21.60% 20.35 9.78

23.31% 20.79 5.30

(1) Excludes goodwill (2) average of Bank of America, J.P. Morgan Chase, Wachovia, US Bancorp, Fifth Third, Suntrust, PNC (3) average of Citigroup, AIG, Fannie Mae, American Express, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch (4) average of Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Starbucks, Staples. *The compound annual growth rate is based on each year's previous balance including both the original amount and all appreciation from prior years. For example, if you invest $100 today and earn 5 percent in the first year and reinvest that $105 and then earn 8 percent in the second year, the compound annual growth rate is 6.489 percent.

a year for commercial and corporate customers, up 39 percent since 2000. More customers also are coming to us for other electronic services such as internet and electronic messaging to help save them time and money. Our Commercial Electronic Office® (CEO®) portal gives them faster, easier access to information they need to make payment and investment decisions.

Preserving Uniform National Standards Four years ago, a new Federal law, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, broke down the Depression-era walls separating banking, securities and insurance companies. The goal: help consumers save more time and money through one-stop shopping for financial services. This historic law acknowledged the use of technology to efficiently store, analyze and transfer information about customers among businesses within a company -- so a company can recognize its customers at every point of contact and offer them greater value, advice and convenience. Within the new law, however, was a serious flaw-- state governments could enact a confusing patchwork of conflicting laws. This would prevent our customers from being able to bank easily and conveniently throughout our banking states. It also would have deprived them of the opportunity to receive product offers that could save them significant time and money. Shopping for financial services, just like shopping for any other product or service in this age of the

internet, should not have to stop at state lines. Conflicting state laws could lead to greater fraud losses and increased credit risk because lenders could make less informed underwriting decisions. We're very pleased, therefore, that Congress and the President have amended and extended the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This preserves our nationwide credit system, the ability of a company to share information among its family of businesses and preempts inconsistent and conflicting state laws in this area. The new FCRA also contains powerful consumer protection tools. They include allowing consumers to place "fraud alerts" in their credit reports to prevent identity theft, and allowing consumers to block information from being given to a credit bureau and from being reported by a credit bureau if such information results from identity theft. Wells Fargo is proud to lead an industrywide pilot to help victims of identity theft quickly regain control of their financial information and restore their credit ratings. In partnership with the Financial Services Roundtable, we're providing coordination and resources for the Identity Theft Assistance Center, expected to open in 2004. It will provide victims with a single point of contact to report identity theft and one process to record victim information. This means victims will have to tell their story only once--to their primary financial institution.

Expensing Stock Options: Still a Bad Idea Last year at this time I told you I thought it was a bad idea, for many reasons, to require companies to record stock options as an expense that reduces net income. I said then, and I still believe, that it stands economic reality on its head to record a transaction-- which increases or does not change the capital of a corporation--as an expense. Stock options do, however, have an economic effect--if exercised they increase the number of shares outstanding which causes earnings to be allocated over more shares. Therefore, I believe that reporting diluted earnings per share--which already shows the dilution from "in-the-money" stock options--fairly states the possible economic effect of stock option programs. I still believe stock options are non-cash compensation that align the interests of the company's management and team members with its owners. I still believe stock options actually increase the earnings available to all stockholders through increased productivity. I still believe that stock options are a valuable tool for start-up companies, especially technology companies, allowing them to attract talent and create innovative products that are the envy of the world. There still is no general agreement on how to properly value options because their future value cannot be predicted accurately. Proponents of expensing stock options argue that they're an expense just like salaries, cash bonuses, employee health and pension benefits, and other corporate
7

expenses. Are they? All corporate expenses have one thing in common. They reduce a corporation's net worth. Stock options do not. They do not reduce a company's net worth when they're exercised, they increase it! Proponents of expensing options say they should be expensed when they're granted, reducing net income and thus earnings per share. But "in-the-money" stock options, and options that have been exercised, already reduce diluted earnings per share. Can you think of any other corporate expense item that reduces diluted earnings per share twice? If stock options are an expense, they're certainly different from all other corporate expenses. So far, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which sets the nation's accounting rules, has not been able to come up with a formula for accurately valuing options. Many believe that existing option valuation methods are flawed. The San Jose Mercury News, based in the Silicon Valley, said "Forcing companies to expense options, whose ultimate value will be subject to the whims of the stock market, won't make financial statements clearer, but rather, more arbitrary." I agree. I support a bill, currently in Congress, that would impose a three-year moratorium on this question so a full study of the effect of the FASB proposal can be made.

negative economic growth, looks healthier. Together, these economic initiatives are perhaps the most dramatic global assault on economic recovery since the great depression. There's still risk and uncertainty out there-- especially geopolitical risk--but we have incredible stimulus in the pipeline for the first time in three years. That stimulus can be denied only by non-economic forces such as war and terrorism. A recent Wells Fargo/ Gallup survey showed a significant increase in the number of small business owners who were seeing higher revenues, cash flow, available credit, and capital spending. All the pieces are in place for a national recovery that can create jobs and fuel continued economic growth and prosperity.

· Do we care enough to create a work

2004: Cause for Economic Optimism As we begin 2004, a solid case can be made for economic optimism. The U.S. has all economic levers operating at maximum capacity. Consider that the United States has: · record low interest rates, · record low inflation, · record low inventories, · very high productivity, · a falling dollar that probably will go lower, helping exports, · a recovering stock market (the S&P 500 at year-end 2003 was up 43 percent from the lows of late 2002, and the NASDAQ was up 80 percent), · reasonably good retail sales, · considerable fiscal stimulus from tax cuts and increased government spending, and · stabilized job losses. Economies elsewhere in the world also are reviving. European economies are growing again. Even Japan, after a decade of
8

The "Next Stage" In our financial services industry, the long-term champions will continue to be those that understand and value their most important competitive advantage. It's not technology. It's not products. It's not advertising. It's not bricks or clicks. All those things are commodities, easily copied. The most important competitive advantage is our people--our diverse team of 140,000 of the most talented people who simply care more about their customers, communities and each other than our competitors care about theirs. That word "caring" is very important to us. At Wells Fargo, we say we don't care how much a person knows until we know how much they care: · Do we care enough to take the time to really listen to customers? · Do we care enough to ask them the right questions? · Do we care enough not to just push products at them but to recommend the best products and advice for their individual needs? · Do we care enough about all our stakeholders to make sure that we're complying not only with the letter but also the spirit of all laws and regulations that govern our industry? · Do we care enough to refer customers to our partners elsewhere in Wells Fargo so they can benefit from the expertise and knowledge of our whole team? · Do we care enough about our team members to make sure they're maintaining a healthy balance between their work lives and their home lives?

environment where it's okay to have fun? If we don't enjoy our work--if we don't look forward to getting up in the morning and coming to work--then what's the point? · Do we care enough about our communities to be leaders in providing our time, talent and resources to non-profit groups, including service on non-profit boards? At Wells Fargo, the attitude of our team members is the single biggest influence on the attitude of our customers. If our team members have integrity, are challenged, have the best tools and training and are properly rewarded and recognized for their achievements, then they will be happy and satisfied and chances are our customers will be, too. We thank all 140,000 of our team members for their energy, their caring, their professionalism, their passion for customer service, and for providing outstanding financial advice to our customers. Another great year by a truly great team! We thank our customers for entrusting more of their business to Wells Fargo. We thank our communities--thousands of them across North America--for the privilege of helping make them better places to live and work. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 152nd year. A special thank you this year to Benjamin F. Montoya, CEO of Smart Systems Technologies, Inc., Albuquerque, New Mexico, who will retire from our Board this April. Ben joined our Board in 1996. His service on the Audit and Examination and Finance Committees and his wise counsel, especially during the Norwest-Wells Fargo merger, have been invaluable. We wish Ben and his family all the best. For our team members, customers, communities and stockholders--the "Next Stage" of financial success is just down the road. It's going to be a great ride!

Richard M. Kovacevich, Chairman and CEO

