To Our Owners,
I have always believed that culture is the most important part of a company's success. It is the heart of any organization and a significant contributor to long-term performance and stability.

This is certainly true for Wells Fargo. Since 1852, culture has been a focus of ours, beginning with how we served the Gold Rush-era customers who trusted us to transport their money and valuables on our stagecoaches. In those early days, we held a belief that still holds true today: "Our merchandise is courtesy, willingness, and human ability." Today, I sum up Wells Fargo's culture with this word: "Relationships." It captures the passion we all share for serving our key stakeholders--customers, communities, investors, and team members. To earn their trust, we strive to do the right thing and act under the highest ethical standards where honesty, trust, and integrity matter. Cultures take years to establish and mature, a lesson I learned while growing up on a family farm in a small town in central Minnesota. Those years taught me that the best harvests come only after years of thoughtful planning, planting, and nurturing. It's no different at Wells Fargo. The culture our people enjoy today is the result of those who served before us--through a civil war, two world wars, the Great Depression, and a Great Recession that remains fresh in our memories. Through every boom and bust, our people looked ahead, with a vision of the Wells Fargo they wanted to leave for their successors. No document better captures that spirit than The Vision & Values of Wells Fargo, a booklet we first published 20 years ago that outlines our values, strategies, and goals. (You can read our Vision & Values on wellsfargo.com under "About Wells Fargo.") While we periodically have updated that document, the vision it first shared years ago remains unchanged: "We want to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially." The reason our team members go to work each day is to help customers--we serve 70 million customers and one in three U.S. households across our more than 90 businesses. The result is that Wells Fargo makes money, not the other way around. Or, as our Vision & Values puts it, "We'll never put the stagecoach ahead of the horses." This is why we believe culture and performance go hand in hand. Financial results In 2014, Wells Fargo generated record earnings for a sixth consecutive year, remaining the most profitable bank in the United States. We also ended 2014 as the world's most valuable bank by market capitalization. Our 2014 net income was $23.1 billion, up 5 percent from 2013. Diluted earnings per common share also rose 5 percent to $4.10. Our 2014 revenue of $84.3 billion was a balanced mix of net interest income and noninterest income, reflecting the strength of our diversified business model. We generated this growth through a focus on customers, as more of them entrusted us with their deposits and rewarded us with opportunities to serve more of their financial needs. In 2014, our total deposits reached a record $1.2 trillion, up 8 percent from the prior year, driven by both consumer and commercial growth. Meanwhile, total loans finished 2014 at $862.6 billion, up 5 percent from 2013. Loan growth occurred across multiple portfolios, including commercial loans, residential mortgages, credit cards, and automobile lending, helping increase our net interest income by 2 percent from 2013. Our noninterest income continued to be diversified and strong, including growth in trust and investment fees, card fees, and mortgage servicing.

3

Our results also reflected our commitment to protect the interests of our stakeholders. For example, in 2014 the credit quality of our loans was the best I can recall in my 33 years at the company. Credit losses fell to $2.9 billion, a 35 percent improvement over $4.5 billion in 2013. Net chargeoffs as a percentage of average loans remained near historic lows-- 0.35 percent in 2014, compared with 0.56 percent in 2013.

Wells Fargo is one of the most valuable companies in the world
By market value as of Dec. 31, 2014 (in billions)

Apple ExxonMobil Microsoft Berkshire Hathaway Google PetroChina (China) Johnson & Johnson Wells Fargo Walmart ICBC (China)
U.S. companies except where stated Source: Bloomberg

$ 647 391 383 371 358 305 293 283 277 271

increased the quarterly dividend rate by 17 percent to 35 cents per share, and we purchased 87 million shares of our common stock on a net basis. During the year, shareholders also saw the price of our common stock rise 21 percent. Because we believe culture influences performance, Wells Fargo counts among its 2014 accomplishments some notable recognition: "Most Respected Bank" by Barron's magazine, "Most Admired" among the world's largest banks by Fortune magazine, "Best U.S. Bank" by The Banker magazine, and "Most Valuable Bank Brand" by Brand Finance, ® a global brand valuation company. However, just as we think about profits, the accolades would ring hollow if we didn't believe they were the result of doing what's right for our customers. Customers Our passion for helping customers motivates our team members. It gratifies us when we hear how our banking and financial services improve lives and transform businesses. For even as we increasingly serve tens of millions of customers through digital and mobile means, our business is still about people helping people. Some call this a "Main Street" focus. We also call it helping individuals and businesses in the "real economy." From checking accounts and debit cards to savings products to treasury management services, we help customers manage their daily financial lives. We help families buy that first home or new car. We provide funding to businesses, small and large, to expand and hire. We help our customers plan and save for retirement. So convinced are we that this is Wells Fargo's core purpose that in 2014 we began sharing stories of how we serve customers and communities through "Wells Fargo Stories," a new online journal located at wellsfargo.com/stories. One story that especially touched us involved Sam and Kerri Taylor of

Our capital also grew, remaining well above regulatory minimum levels. At the end of 2014, our Common Equity Tier 1 capital was $137.1 billion, resulting in a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.04 percent under Basel III (General Approach). Under Basel III (Advanced Approach, fully phased-in), our 2014 estimated Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 10.43 percent.1 In 2014, our shareholders continued to see strong returns. Full-year return on assets was 1.45 percent, and fullyear return on equity was 13.41 percent, well within our target performance ranges. We returned $12.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. We

1 For more information regarding our regulatory capital and related ratios, please see the "Financial Review--Capital Management" section in this Report.

Ocean Springs, Mississippi. Before the recession, the family built a dream home. But when illness caused Kerri to cut back on her work, the family's income fell, and financial challenges followed. Fortunately, we were able to modify the Taylors' mortgage--one of more than 1 million mortgage modifications we have completed since 2009-- to help them avoid foreclosure. Sadly, there are times when families simply can't afford to remain in their current home, but our mortgage servicing team works extremely hard to help our customers find solutions to sustain homeownership. Over the past six years, Wells Fargo has been able to work with families like the Taylors to forgive more than $8.4 billion of mortgage principal. "All I can say is WOW," Sam Taylor told us. "Angela [Ludwig, a Wells Fargo Home Mortgage specialist] not only helped us get approved for the modification and keep our home, she displayed the most professional and courteous attitude I've ever seen." We also hear "wows" from our business customers. In 2014, Wells Fargo extended $18 billion in new loan commitments to small businesses. Additionally, for the 12th consecutive year, we were the nation's largest small business lender in dollars, based on Community Reinvestment Act government data (2002­2013; 2014 data will be released later in 2015). Last year, we also launched Wells Fargo Works for Small Business, a broad initiative to deliver resources, guidance, and services to small businesses, including a goal to extend $100 billion in new loans by the end of 2018. We're proud to lend to entrepreneurs like David Dorrough of Boise, Idaho. Our relationship with David began not long after he became frustrated with the quality of commercially available stud finders when installing bookshelves at his home. David put his electrical engineering skills to work to create a more accurate
SM

4

stud finder, and Franklin Sensors was born. Working out of his home and paying out-of-pocket to build inventory were financially difficult for David's small startup company. Enter Wells Fargo banker Flip Kleffner, who helped David with a Small Business Administration revolving line of credit. Five years later, David's company employs 45 people in his community and sells its products in the U.S. and overseas. Sometimes the small businesses we serve become larger companies. Consider Vermeer Corporation, a 66-year-old agricultural and industrial equipment company based in Iowa that started with a single product. Wells Fargo Commercial Banking Relationship Manager Mark Conway has worked with Vermeer for 25 years, helping this family-owned business as it has grown into a global business that now makes 150 models of various products and employs 3,000 people (see page 16). Our Wholesale Banking business helps companies like Vermeer with their global needs--we operate in 36 countries--through services such as foreign exchange, treasury management, asset-based lending, and investment banking. We have grown our Wholesale Banking business as our customers' needs have increased. We are the No.1 lender to middle-market companies, the largest commercial real estate lender, and one of the top providers of syndicated loans. Team members Our biggest competitive advantage is our team. This is why we refer to our people as "team members," not "employees." We believe our 265,000 team members are resources to be invested in, not expenses to be managed. We offer competitive salaries and benefits to ensure we attract and retain the best talent. For eligible team members, this includes affordable healthcare options, 401(k) matching contributions, tuition reimbursements, matches for education-related charitable donations, adoption

Our passion for helping customers motivates our team members. It gratifies us when we hear how our banking and financial services improve lives and transform businesses.
reimbursements, work-life balance programs, scholarship programs for team members' children, and a discretionary profit sharing plan. We also train and develop our talent. Last year, Wells Fargo team members completed more than 7.5 million training courses. On the stagecoach, we build careers. Each year we survey our team members to understand what engages them at work. The more engaged our team members are, the more connected they are to our culture and our vision and values. In 2014, overall team member engagement measured 4.22 out of a possible 5, topping the prior year's record of 4.16. Wells Fargo is a "Gallup Great Workplace Award" winner, a distinction that the Gallup organization, which conducts our survey, reserves for the world's most engaged and productive companies. Our people also value teamwork. They expect to work together across our businesses--as "One Wells Fargo"--as we help customers achieve financial success. Or, to quote our Vision & Values: "Our relationships with our customers are only as strong as our relationships with each other." This is why I like to say that our culture is about plural pronouns-- we, us, and ours--instead of I, me, and mine. The star of the team is the team, because how the work gets done is just as important as getting the work done. Team members like Keith Shealy set the example. A Wells Fargo financial advisor in South Carolina, Keith recently advised a customer who owns a 60-year-old family business. Keith understood the customer had commercial banking needs, so he enlisted the help of Mike Farmer, a banker from our Wholesale Banking business. Keith also tapped Wendy Brewer in Wealth Management for help because the customer wanted guidance in succession planning for his family and company co-owners. Without such teamwork, our customer might have had to deal with multiple financial services companies for his personal and commercial needs. That would have been unfortunate for him and a missed opportunity for us. Indeed, it's only through such teamwork that we can hope to live up to a key goal expressed in our Vision & Values: "We want to be the first provider our customers think of when they need their next financial product." Communities In addition to serving customers, our team members serve the communities where they live and work. In 2014, Wells Fargo team members contributed $97.7 million of their own money to schools, charities, religious organizations, and other nonprofits. That's up nearly 10 percent from 2013 and marks the 12th consecutive yearover-year increase in team member donations. United Way Worldwide has recognized Wells Fargo for having the nation's No.1 United Way campaign for six consecutive years (2009­2014), an accomplishment I am especially proud of because Wells Fargo ranked 29th on the 2014 Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations. Team members also volunteer their time--1.74 million hours in 2014-- for activities such as tutoring students, serving food to the homeless, building homes with Habitat for Humanity, and serving on nonprofit boards.

5

Our Performance

$ in millions, except per share amounts

2014 $ 23,057 21,821 4.10 1.45% 13.41 58.1 $ 84,347 35,310 1.35 5,237.2 5,324.4 $ 834,432 1,593,349 1,003,631 701,829 3.11% $ 312,925 862,551 12,319 25,705 1,687,155 1,054,348 184,394 185,262 154,666 192,940 10.98% 12.45 15.53 9.45 11.04 5,170.3 $ 32.19 264,500

2013 21,878 20,889 3.89 1.51 13.87 58.3 83,780 34,938 1.15 5,287.3 5,371.2 802,670 1,445,983 942,120 669,657 3.40 264,353 822,286 14,502 25,637 1,523,502 980,063 170,142 171,008 140,735 176,177 11.22 12.33 15.43 9.60 10.82 5,257.2 29.48 264,900

% Change 5 4 5 (4) (3) ­ 1 1 17 (1) (1) 4 10 7 5 (9) 18 5 (15) ­ 11 8 8 8 10 10 (2) 1 1 (2) 2 (2) 9 ­

FOR THE YEAR Wells Fargo net income Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios: Wells Fargo net income to average total assets (ROA) 1 Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average Wells Fargo common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 2 Total revenue Pre-tax pre-provision profit 3 Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans 1 Average assets 1 Average core deposits 4 Average retail core deposits 5 Net interest margin 1 AT YEAR-END Investment securities Loans 1 Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets 1 Core deposits 4 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity Total equity Tier 1 capital 6 Total capital 6 Capital ratios: Total equity to assets 1 Risk-based capital: 6 Tier 1 capital Total capital
 Tier 1 leverage 6
 Common Equity Tier 1 7
 Common shares outstanding Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

1 Financial information for 2013 was revised to reflect our determination that certain factoring arrangements did not qualify as loans. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this Report for more information. 2 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 3 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 4 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep balances). 5 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits. 6 See Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 7 See the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for additional information.

6

Our team members understand their efforts can add up in big ways, which is why we say the spirit of our philanthropy and volunteerism is summed up best by a "Small is Huge" mindset that believes no opportunity is too small to make a difference in an individual's or community's future. Wells Fargo also strives to be a responsible corporate citizen. In 2014, Wells Fargo contributed more than $281 million, up 2 percent from 2013, to 17,100 community nonprofits. These organizations help our neighbors most in need and contribute to the revitalization and growth of the economy. I am proud that of all U.S. companies, we were the top corporate philanthropist in cash donations in 2012 and ranked second in 2013, according to The Chronicle of Philanthropy (rankings for 2014 will be released later in 2015). We also strive to be responsive to economic, social, and environmental challenges. This includes helping underserved consumers who wish to enter or re-enter the banking system. We offer them products and services such as low-cost checking and remittance services, secured credit cards, and loans. Our Hands on Banking® program provides a wide array of free, easy-to-access financial education resources--from how-to guidance on budgeting and car buying, to saving and paying for college, to investing. We now offer Hands on Banking courses designed for military members, seniors, small business owners, and youth. Since 2003, we've reached nearly a halfmillion people, distributing Hands on Banking CDs to schools and organizations all over the world. Earlier I mentioned the work we do to help people keep their homes. We also help low- to moderateincome households buy homes in many ways, but I am especially proud of our LIFT programs. These programs provide education and down payment assistance to potential homebuyers in communities that the last recession hit hard. Since 2012,

we have committed $230 million to our LIFT programs, helping more than 8,500 people and families buy homes in 32 communities. In 2014, we also donated $6 million to 54 local nonprofits through the Wells Fargo Housing Foundation Priority Markets Program, which helps stabilize and revitalize distressed neighborhoods. And, as part of our support for those who serve our country, we have donated more than 200 mortgagefree homes to veterans over the past two years. Additionally, we are making progress in our environmental efforts to contribute to a more sustainable future. Since 2012, Wells Fargo has deployed more than $37 billion to support environmental opportunities, such as clean technology, renewable energy, "greener" buildings, sustainable agriculture, and alternative transportation. In 2014, we expanded this focus with the Wells Fargo Innovation Incubator (IN2), a fiveyear, $10 million grant to help fund startup companies with innovative environmental technologies. To learn more about our community efforts, I invite you to read our Corporate Social Responsibility Report at wellsfargo.com under "About Wells Fargo." Staying grounded, moving ahead As a company sets its sights on the future, the right culture is essential. It keeps its team members connected to the company's reason for being. At Wells Fargo, we strike that balance by focusing on six strategic priorities we believe we must master each day we board the stagecoach. These priorities receive our attention because they allow us to devote talent and resources to efforts focused on our future, initiatives that we believe are vital to continuing the success we've enjoyed in the post-financial crisis era. Our six day-to-day strategic priorities are: · Putting customers first. Our business is built around an

unwavering focus on customers. Our people provide products and services to meet customer needs through multiple, convenient ways that add up to high-quality, caring relationships and guidance. · Growing revenue. Revenue is the grade our customers give us each day when they reward us with their business. When we serve customers well, the money we earn is the result. We generate revenue from more than 90 businesses, which provide diverse sources of income through economic cycles. · Managing expenses. We focus on operating efficiently by thoughtfully managing our resources and exercising discipline to invest in the areas that matter most to our customers and stakeholders. In 2014, our efficiency ratio (how much expense we incur for every dollar of revenue we earn) was 58.1 percent for the full year, within our target range of 55 to 59 percent, and industryleading among our large bank peers. · Living our vision and values. We seek to bring our vision and values to life in all that we do, demonstrating who we are through our actions. · Connecting with communities and stakeholders. We believe there's a connection between our success and the success of our key stakeholders--customers, communities, investors, and team members. These are relationships we nurture each day. · Managing risk. Strong risk management has been a cornerstone of our long-term success, so we continue to invest significantly in this area. With these priorities well understood, we are able to devote additional talents and resources to four areas that we believe are critical to Wells Fargo's future: creating exceptional customer experiences, digitizing the enterprise, making diversity and inclusion part of our DNA, and leading the way in risk and operational excellence.

7

Creating exceptional customer experiences I am often asked which of our competitors impresses me the most. My answer: the companies--regardless of industry--that put their customers first and are passionate about having a personal connection with them. They are companies that are redefining customer experiences and raising expectations for everyone, including banks. They have inspired us to accelerate our efforts to ensure Wells Fargo is a financial services provider of choice. This means being a company that connects with customers emotionally, technologically, conveniently, and through each stage of their financial lives.

We're also using technology to enhance our store experience while preserving valued personal service.
Every minute, we process more than 20,000 customer transactions, such as account openings or online bill payments. We believe each of these moments--and the many moments our customers will experience in the future --should be positive memories, the kind that keep customers coming back to do business with us, time and again. Guiding our work in this area is what our brand stands for: "Together we'll go far." That means working together with our customers to help them fulfill their visions of financial success--through relationships and guidance that make a difference in our customers' lives, from people who are willing to go the extra mile to deliver that success. This requires a mindset on the part of our team members that places an emphasis on teamwork, positive attitude, and the demonstration of care in all that we do--whether we serve customers

directly or support the people who do. We all work for the customer. Success here also means accepting that customer feedback is a gift. If we accept the gift, we're certain to improve. For instance, feedback from customers led us to make several enhancements in 2014 to our credit card products, including launching two new credit cards-- Propel 365 and Propel World--on the American Express network and expanding flexibility in our credit card rewards program. Based on feedback from business customers, we added a feature on Wells Fargo CEO Mobile® (our mobile service for business customers) that enables commercial card customers to easily photograph their receipts and upload them for out-of-pocket-expense reimbursement. Digitizing the enterprise The CEO Mobile enhancement reflects our focus on "digitizing the enterprise," our way of calling out how data and technology are shaping the customer experiences we deliver. Digital is playing a larger role in all of our channels, from our awardwinning website and mobile banking experience to newer services at our bank locations, ATMs, and call centers. For example, we were one of the first banks to offer Apple PayTM as a convenient mobile-payment option. We anticipate more payment options to come for our mobile customers, because these more than 14 million active users represent our fastestgrowing digital market segment. We're also using technology to enhance our store experience while preserving valued personal service. We do this because customers still choose to bank with us at a physical location; in fact, 75 percent of deposit customers visited a bank location within the past six months. Many of our customers use three or more of our service channels. This gives us a great opportunity to connect our digital and physical services, providing customers a true omni-channel experience.

Customers researching new products can easily make an appointment to visit a banker directly from our website or mobile app. We are beginning to offer customers the option to receive and acknowledge new deposit account terms and conditions on their mobile phones, instead of receiving lengthy paper disclosures. And instead of paper receipts for teller or ATM transactions, our customers can opt for email or text. And we continue to reduce the use of paper in other ways. For example, in 2014 we made substantial progress eliminating paper-transaction processing in our bank locations. Now, more than 4,500 bank locations have fully digitized processing of deposits, withdrawals, payments, and other teller transactions. For most transactions, customers make their selections on a touch screen interface, without filling out a paper slip. Tellers use high-speed scanners to process check deposits, eliminating the need for downstream paper processing. Electronic transactions, which we plan to fully implement in 2015, are faster, provide customers quicker access to their deposits, and reduce transportation and processing costs. A win-win for all. We are also experimenting by connecting our full-service teller and self-service ATM experiences. In select pilot locations, customers can begin their transaction at an ATM, but if they need more assistance or if a transaction requires approval, a store team member is alerted on a wireless tablet and provides in-person assistance to complete the transaction. This assistedservice option allows us to deliver the best digital experience without compromising on personal service. Additionally, in 2014 we launched the Wells Fargo Startup Accelerator, which invests in new companies that are developing banking technologies in areas such as payments, deposits, and fraud detection. The accelerator's equity investments range from $50,000 to $500,000, identified through a

8

We believe that to continue our success and meet the heightened expectations of our key stakeholders, we must excel in all types of risk management... Better risk management also will result in better customer experiences.
semiannual application process. Our hope is that the most promising technologies we invest in will one day reach Wells Fargo customers. Making diversity and inclusion part of our DNA As a nation, we are becoming more diverse, so much so that the U.S. Census Bureau projects that by 2043 we will be a nation without an ethnic or racial majority. This is why it is critical that our team members reflect the diversity in our communities, so we can better understand and serve the needs of our customers. Internally, we nurture our diverse and inclusive culture in many ways. I personally chair our Diversity and Inclusion Council and have seen firsthand the advantages of having a culture that respects and values team members for who they are and the creativity and innovation that come from multiple perspectives and experiences. Our multicultural focus starts at the top. It is no coincidence that we have one of the most diverse boards of directors in the industry: Of our 15 directors, 10 are women and/or people of color. I also hold each of my direct reports accountable through a "diversity scorecard" that I review with them to track our progress. We offer comprehensive diversity and inclusion education for team members and sponsor 10 Team Member Networks that provide professional and leadership development, mentoring, and community involvement opportunities. Signs of progress include the fact that six of our top female leaders were named to American Banker's 2014 list of "Most Powerful Women." We also received recognition as a Best Place to Work for LGBT Equality, earning a perfect score of 100 from the Human Rights Campaign--the 12th consecutive year we have received that honor. Additionally, we were recognized as the 8th Top Company for Veterans by DiversityInc, the 9th Best Company for Diversity by Hispanic Business, and the 18th Best Company for Latinas by LATINA Style. Leading the way in risk and operational excellence Wells Fargo has always been strong in risk management, particularly credit risk. Our goal is to build on our strengths and set the global standard for risk management excellence among all financial institutions. We want to incorporate robust risk management practices and principles into every aspect of our culture. We believe that to continue our success and meet the heightened expectations of our key stakeholders, we must excel in all types of risk management, including credit, interest rate, market, liquidity, operational, and reputational risk. This also includes cybersecurity, in which we are making significant investments to protect our customers' information and assets and to safeguard our infrastructure and systems. This doesn't mean that we won't take risks; in fact, as a bank we are in the business of managing risks. But we will attempt to do so prudently, only taking risks that we fully understand and avoiding shortcuts for profits at the expense of our culture. We manage risk in three ways: Our business lines have primary responsibility for risk and act as our

"first line of defense." Our enterprise Corporate Risk team provides an independent review of our risks as a "second line of defense." And our independent Corporate Audit team has the final say as a "third line of defense." Most important, though, is that team members understand they have a responsibility to raise their hands when they see activities that could put our company at risk or are inconsistent with our culture. This shared responsibility is reflected even in how we pay our people. We take great care to align our incentives with our risk management objectives. A new board member On Jan. 1, 2015, we welcomed Elizabeth A. "Betsy" Duke to our board of directors. Betsy is a former member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and has more than 30 years of banking and risk management experience. She brings exceptional industry knowledge and a strong combination of leadership and risk management experience to our company. Betsy serves on the board's Risk Committee. I want to close by thanking our 265,000 team members for our success in 2014. They bring our culture to life. And if there is one job I must do for them and our customers, it is to be the keeper of our company's culture. That work doesn't end with this letter, nor should it. 2015 will be another year to nurture and invest in the customer-focused culture that drives our success and our future. At Wells Fargo, culture counts!

John G. Stumpf

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company February 1, 2015

9

