 ‘‘Earning lifelong relationships,
one customer at a time,
is fundamental to achieving our vision.
- John G. Stumpf
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
‘‘

Contents
2 | To Our Owners
10 | Earning relationships, helping customers succeed financially
10 | It isn’t easy to talk about money
12 | From seed to sparkling success
14 | Paving the road to savings
16 | Banking and business growing in tandem 18 | House hunters find the one
20 | Retirement-plan transition goes down easy 22 | Bringing affordable solar power to the people 24 | Adopting a neighborhood
26 | Corporate Social Responsibility Highlights
27 | Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Staff 28 | Senior Business Leaders
29 | 2015 Financial Report
- Financial Review
- Controls and Procedures
- Financial Statements
- Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
267 | Stock Performance
 2015 Annual Report | 1

To Our Owners,
One of the many things that make
Wells Fargo unique is our company’s
rich 164-year history. Wells Fargo is one
of a handful of U.S. companies dating
to the mid-1800s that is still in the same business and operates under the same name. In fact, our headquarters building
at 420 Montgomery St. in San Francisco stands on the same spot where Wells Fargo first opened for business in 1852.
You can learn more about our
past by visiting one of Wells Fargo’s
11 history museums across the U.S. However, the most powerful expression of our heritage isn’t in documents
or artifacts or even our stagecoach.
It is in any of the millions of relationships we have formed over generations with customers, team members, communities, and shareholders. “Relationships” define Wells Fargo.
JOHN G. STUMPF
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company
   2 | 2015 Annual Report

Earning lifelong relationships,
one customer at a time, is fundamental to achieving our vision, which is to “satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially.” Whether we’re helping a student open a first checking account, a young family purchase a home, a business owner expand, or a retiree manage investments, we are on our customers’ side, offering them the products
and services they want and need.
We believe the best way we can
earn our customers’ business is
to listen and understand their needs.
Consider Biltmore, one of America’s most beautiful historic estates
and a popular tourist attraction, built by George Vanderbilt in 1895 in the Blue Ridge Mountains
of North Carolina. At the turn
of the 20th century, the Vanderbilt family used Wells Fargo for transport along the East Coast, and they later formed a banking relationship with
us. Through listening to and working with The Biltmore Company, we have provided loans and financial services to help the business grow. Today, Biltmore draws more than 1.4 million visitors annually and includes not only an inn and hotel, but also
a village with restaurants and retail shops, a winery, branded retail products, and a solar farm.
Earning relationships and helping customers like The Biltmore Company are the core of our business. We are honored to have relationships with
one in three U.S. households. We lend more money to help individuals and families buy homes than any other American company. We are the nation’s top lender to small businesses, based on Community Reinvestment Act data.
We are the largest lender
to mid-sized companies, and we help large companies with their domestic and global needs through our offices in 36 countries.
Our leading position across many
of our businesses is important because it reflects how well we are serving our customers — individuals, households, businesses, and corporations —
who make up the “real economy.”
We never take for granted the trust our customers have placed in us,
and we understand the important
role we play in helping grow the U.S. economy. If we serve our customers well and manage our business effectively and efficiently, we also
will grow and succeed as a company. As we like to say, we never put the stagecoach ahead of the horses!
We never take for granted the trust our customers have placed in us, and
we understand the important role we play in helping grow the U.S. economy.
Financial results
Our focus on customers, as well
as our diversified business model and strong risk discipline, helped us to produce another solid year
of financial performance in 2015, even as we navigated the pressures of low interest rates and global economic volatility.
Wells Fargo generated $86.1 billion
in revenue in 2015, up 2 percent from 2014. Our time-tested business model — which produced a balanced mix
of net interest income and noninterest income across more than 90 businesses — allowed us to deliver consistent performance despite the challenging environment.
Our 2015 net income was $22.9 billion, and our diluted earnings per common share of $4.12 represented a $0.02 increase from 2014. Our 2015 return on assets was 1.31 percent, and our return on equity was 12.60 percent.
At year-end, our total deposits reached a record $1.2 trillion, up 5 percent from the prior year, driven by both consumer and commercial growth. Total loans finished 2015 at $916.6 billion,
up 6 percent from 2014, making our loan portfolio the largest among U.S. banks. We saw growth in commercial loans, residential mortgages, credit cards, and automobile lending while maintaining our strong credit and pricing discipline.
In fact, the credit quality of our portfolio proved to be about as good as I’ve seen in my 34 years at Wells Fargo. Credit losses of $2.9 billion improved 2 percent from 2014. Net charge-offs
as a percentage of average loans remained near historic lows —
0.33 percent in 2015, compared
with 0.35 percent in 2014.
We also continued to strengthen
our balance sheet in 2015 and ended the year with our highest-ever levels of capital and liquidity. We finished 2015 with total equity of $193.9 billion, Common Equity Tier 1 capital
of $142.4 billion, and a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (fully phased-in)
of 10.77 percent.1
  1 For more information on our regulatory capital and related ratios, please see the “Financial Review — Capital Management” section in this Report.
 2015 Annual Report | 3

Our financial performance and
balance sheet strength allowed us
to return more capital to shareholders. In 2015, we returned $12.6 billion to our shareholders through common stock dividends and net share repurchases, reflecting the fifth consecutive year
in which we returned more capital
to shareholders than in the previous year. We increased our quarterly common stock dividend rate
by 7 percent to $0.375 per share,
and we repurchased 78.2 million
shares of our common stock on
a net basis. And we again ended
the year as the world’s most valuable bank by market capitalization.
We also continued to make
strides in improving our company’s efficiency and reinvesting for the future. In addition to simplifying our operations, we reduced our travel costs by 23 percent in 2015,
and we have eliminated more
than 20 million square feet of occupied real estate since 2009. We’re investing those savings
in areas such as innovation, risk management, and cybersecurity.
Another benefit of our company’s consistent performance is the ability to be well positioned for strategic acquisitions to support growth.
We were pleased to announce an agreement to acquire GE Capital’s Commercial Distribution Finance
and Vendor Finance platforms,
as well as a portion of its Corporate Finance business. We anticipate adding approximately $31 billion
in assets and welcoming about
2,900 GE Capital team members
to Wells Fargo when the transaction closes. We also acquired GE Railcar Services, a railcar finance, leasing, and fleet management business,
on Jan. 1, 2016, and in the second quarter of 2015 we completed a GE Capital commercial real estate loan portfolio transaction, which included approximately $11.5 billion in loan purchases and related financing.
These additions should grow
our business and provide greater opportunities for us to expand our relationships with customers.
Our financial performance and customer focus earned us external recognition in many ways in 2015. For example, we ranked No. 7
on Barron’s 2015 ranking of the world’s “100 Most Respected Companies” — the fourth year in a row we ranked highest among all banks on the list. Euromoney magazine named Wells Fargo the “Best Bank in the U.S.”
in its 2015 Awards for Excellence. And The Banker magazine named Wells Fargo the Best Global and U.S. Bank of the Year.
Wells Fargo is one of the most valuable companies in the world
By market value as of Dec. 31, 2015
(in billions)
Apple $ 587 Alphabet 528 Microsoft 443 Berkshire Hathaway 325 ExxonMobil 325 Amazon.com 317 Facebook 296 General Electric 294 Johnson & Johnson 284 Wells Fargo 277 JPMorgan Chase 243 Ind. & Comm. Bank (China) 243
U.S. companies except where stated Source: Bloomberg
Relationships are
at the core of our culture
While accolades are rewarding, our highest honor is the trust that customers place in us. And trust is best built through relationships.
No document better captures
our relationship-based culture and focus on customers than The Vision & Values of Wells Fargo, which was first published more than 20 years ago. (I invite you to read our
Vision & Values at wellsfargo.com.)
We bring the Vision & Values to life each day through delivering on our six priorities: putting customers first, growing revenue, managing expenses, living our vision and values, connecting with communities and stakeholders, and managing risk.
These priorities also support
our focus on the relationships with customers, team members, communities, and shareholders that are at the heart of our culture.
Earning relationships
with our customers
We work to make every relationship
— new and old — a lasting one
by following a few simple principles. We put our customers first and
treat them as our valued guests.
We are committed to our customers’ satisfaction and financial success
and to work in their best interest.
In short, we are on our customers’ side. You will read stories about
how we do that in the following pages, including how we eased
an older couple’s budgeting concerns and helped a customer navigate the used-car buying process.
When we follow these principles, we gain trust and earn relationships that reach across decades and generations. Just as our customers trusted Wells Fargo and our
Abbot Downing-built stagecoaches to transport their valuables in the 1800s, they trust us today with their financial needs.
One example is the Hearst family. We’ve nurtured a relationship with the Hearsts for more than 100 years. George Hearst, an entrepreneur and mining developer, used Wells Fargo stagecoaches and express services to transport gold and silver to
U.S. Mints, starting in the 1860s.
His wife, Phoebe, an active investor and philanthropist, was a Wells Fargo investment services and trust customer. Over the years, our relationship
with the Hearsts broadened as their business grew from its origins
as a mining company and a single newspaper to become one
of the world’s top private media
and information companies encompassing more than
360 businesses in 150 countries.
We are honored to help the Hearst family and business grow through
a broad assortment of products and services, and today our ties are as
     4 | 2015 Annual Report

strong and deep as ever. Wealth and Investment Management serves the family’s personal financial needs, and Wholesale Banking provides corporate services such as credit, treasury management, debt capital markets, trust, and investment banking to the Hearst Corporation.
The key to earning deep
and long-lasting relationships
is not only knowing our customers, but also understanding how they define financial success. We have
a sincere desire to help them succeed, and we do so by working across our many businesses to provide them with the products and services
they need.
That certainly is the case in our
work with small business customers. We appreciate the important role that small businesses play in local communities and the overall economy. We have relationships
with approximately 3 million U.S. small business owners, and in 2015, we were the top lender of U.S. Small Business Administration 7(a) loans in both number of loans and dollars. Our Wells Fargo Works for Small Business® initiative, launched in 2014, provides resources, guidance, and services for small business owners, and we are making strong progress on our goal to extend $100 billion
in new lending to small businesses by 2018.
One of the most rewarding aspects
of our small business relationships
is helping our customers grow and contributing to their long-term success. One such relationship is with Deschutes Brewery. We provided entrepreneur Gary Fish with an
initial loan to help open a brewpub
in Bend, Oregon, in 1998. His craft beer quickly caught on, and today Gary’s company employs 472 workers and is 7.9 percent employee-owned.
As Deschutes Brewery grew, we were with the company every step of the way, providing capital, cash management, and a variety of advice and ancillary services. Now one of our Wholesale Banking customers, the company distributes beer — with the tagline
“Born in Bend, Oregon” — in 28 states, and today is one of the top 10 craft brewers in the U.S. “We have been with Wells Fargo from the very beginning,” Gary says. “They were the ones who gave us a loan to get started.”
We are a relationship company, but our relationships with customers are only as strong as our relationships with each other.
Earning relationships
with our team members
We are a relationship company,
but our relationships with customers are only as strong as our relationships with each other. Products and technology don’t fulfill the promises we make to our customers, our people do — people who are talented, motivated, and, I believe, more energized than
our competitors.
Take Terri Steup as an example.
Terri is a bank store manager
in Fort Wayne, Indiana, who has
been with our company for more
than 40 years. Terri is a talented relationship builder with her team,
and her enthusiasm is infectious.
“We are having fun; we are a family!” she says about her team. Terri also recognizes the importance of earning relationships with customers. Understanding the community’s diversity, Terri’s team greets customers in three languages — English, Burmese, and Spanish — and Terri actively recruits new team members from among the Burmese, Vietnamese,
and Hispanic immigrant population that her store serves.
We have always believed that
our team members are our most valuable resource, and we want them to be with us for the long term. We invest in them by offering competitive salaries, professional
training and development, leadership opportunities, and benefits that include affordable health care
options, work-life balance programs, 401(k) matching contributions, tuition reimbursement, and
a discretionary profit sharing plan.
We want all our team members
to lead by bringing our vision
and values to life. That is a shared responsibility — no matter a person’s position in the company. As we say in our Vision & Values, we define leadership as the act of establishing, sharing, and communicating our vision, and as the art of motivating others to understand and embrace our vision.
Since our success depends on our team members, we survey them each year to hear what they think. This is important because the more connected team members feel to the company, the more likely they are to form lasting relationships with our customers.
In 2015, our overall team member “engagement” score continued
to increase, measuring 4.25 out
of a possible 5, an increase over
our 2014 score of 4.22. The Gallup Organization, which conducts our annual surveys, named Wells Fargo
a “Gallup Great Workplace Award” winner in 2014 and 2015, which distinguishes the world’s most engaged and productive companies.
This recognition is rewarding in that it reflects our Culture of CaringSM approach in the relationships our team members build with our customers and with each other.
A key part of that approach
is working together, using what’s in our hearts, not just in our heads, to care for and earn relationships with our customers.
A recent letter from a customer brought home to me the power
of relationships to change lives.
Five years ago, this customer
would regularly come into one
of our Portland, Oregon, bank
stores to cash his paychecks.
He gradually formed a relationship with Store Manager Ruvim Kruzhkov.
   2015 Annual Report | 5

Our Performance
      6 | 2015 Annual Report
$ in millions, except per share amounts
2015
2014
% Change
FOR THE YEAR
Wells Fargo net income
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share
Profitability ratios:
Wells Fargo net income to average assets (ROA)
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average
Wells Fargo common stockholders’ equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 1
Total revenue
Pre-tax pre-provision profit 2
Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding
Average loans
Average assets
Average total deposits
Average consumer and small business banking deposits 3
Net interest margin
AT YEAR-END
Investment securities Loans
Allowance for loan losses Goodwill
Assets
Deposits
Common stockholders’ equity Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity Total equity
Capital ratios 4:
Total equity to assets Risk-based capital:
Common Equity Tier 1 Tier 1 capital
Total capital
Tier 1 leverage
Common shares outstanding
Book value per common share 5
Team members (active, full-time equivalent)
$
$
$
$
22,894 21,470 4.12
1.31%
12.60 58.1
86,057 36,083
1.475 5,136.5 5,209.8
885,432 1,742,919 1,194,073
680,221 2.95%
347,555 916,559 11,545 25,529 1,787,632 1,223,312 172,036 192,998 193,891
10.85%
11.07 12.63 15.45
9.37 5,092.1 33.78 264,700
$
23,057 21,821 4.10
1.45%
13.41 58.1
84,347 35,310
1.350 5,237.2 5,324.4
834,432 1,593,349 1,114,144
639,196 3.11%
312,925 862,551 12,319 25,705 1,687,155 1,168,310 166,433 184,394 185,262
10.98%
11.04 12.45 15.53
9.45 5,170.3 32.19 264,500
(1) (2) -
(10)
(6) -
2 2
9 (2) (2)
6 9 7 6
(5)
11 6
(6) (1) 6 5 3 5 5
(1)
-
1 (1) (1) (2) 5 -
1 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income).
2 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company’s ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle.
3 Consumer and small business banking deposits are total deposits excluding mortgage escrow and wholesale deposits.
4 See the “Financial Review — Capital Management” section and Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 5 Book value per common share is common stockholders’ equity divided by common shares outstanding.
 
Ruvim realized that the customer needed the security of a bank account despite challenges with
his credit history. He worked with
the customer to open an Opportunity Checking Account, a type of account we created especially for customers with credit challenges. Over the years, the customer has improved his credit to qualify for a regular account, a credit card, and later
a home mortgage and a line of credit for his growing business. He wrote to tell me, “I attribute much of that growth to Ruvim's support over the years... . All I can say is that there is a true feeling of care at Wells Fargo.”
We also are on our customers’
side when emergencies occur.
For example, after the Memorial Day 2015 floods in the Houston area,
our company donated $275,000
for relief efforts, and our team members staffed a specially designed mobile response unit
six days a week, up to 10 hours
a day, for customers. That allowed us to provide cash and mortgage assistance, insurance claim check processing, and help in starting
the recovery process. We also provided grants and services
to support disaster-relief efforts
in other areas affected by devastating events such as wildfires in the West and in
Alaska, the earthquake in Nepal, and flooding in South Carolina.
Earning relationships
with our communities
At Wells Fargo, we earn long-term relationships with our communities by creating a positive, lasting connection. We are a Main Street bank, and we are committed
to strengthening our communities through our operations, business practices, employment opportunities, philanthropy, and community engagement.
Our team members volunteer their time and donate to nonprofits and causes important to them. In 2015, Wells Fargo team members volunteered 1.8 million hours and contributed $98.8 million to nonprofits and schools.
United Way Worldwide has ranked our workplace-giving campaign the largest in the U.S. each of the past seven years.
In addition to the generous donations from our team members, Wells Fargo is one of the top corporate cash donors among U.S. companies.
Over the past five years (2011 – 2015), Wells Fargo has donated $1.4 billion
to support and revitalize communities, help charitable organizations, and grow local economies.
In our communities we particularly focus on social, economic, and environmental programs and activities. Here are some examples:
Social: We are focused on supporting the varied needs of our global customer base. One of our most important commitments as
a company is to support those
in the military who have served
or continue to serve our country. Since 2012, we have donated
more than $66 million in the form
of assistance to nonprofits, education, job training, and property, including more than 300 mortgage-free houses to wounded veterans and their families. We employ more than
8,000 self-identified veterans and
are committed to hiring more.
Our long-term community relationship with the Metropolitan Economic Development Association (MEDA) is a terrific example of how we work with nonprofit partners
to strengthen our communities. Wells Fargo co-founded MEDA with other business leaders in
1971 in Minneapolis to support the development of minority-owned businesses, break down barriers, and provide equal economic opportunities.
Since its start, MEDA has helped more than 19,000 entrepreneurs and assisted in the start-up
of nearly 500 businesses.
One of its clients, H&B Elevators, is a subcontractor for the construction of our new Minneapolis office buildings.
H&B Elevators, which is African- American owned, is providing design and manufacturing services for the buildings’ elevator cab interiors.
We are delighted to work with diverse suppliers such as H&B Elevators and, in 2015, surpassed our goal of spending at least 10 percent of our annual procurement budget with diverse vendors.
Economic: We are focused
on strengthening individuals’
financial knowledge and
opportunities for underserved communities. We continue
to provide free financial education courses to thousands of military members, seniors, small business owners, and youth each year
through Hands on Banking®,
now in its 13th year. Homeownership and access to safe, sustainable housing continue to be critical community needs. Our team members have volunteered more than 4.7 million hours through the Wells Fargo Housing Foundation since 1993, mobilizing to build and rehabilitate nearly 5,600 homes. We also have long-term relationships with Habitat for Humanity affiliates across the U.S.
Additionally, our LIFT programs have helped create more than
10,725 homeowners in 39 communities since 2012, through more than
$278 million of down payment and other financial assistance. We’re also working to create more Hispanic homebuyers through our support
of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals’ Hispanic Wealth Project. In support of this project, Wells Fargo Home Mortgage has a goal of originating $125 billion in mortgages to our Hispanic homebuying customers during the next 10 years by increasing our presence in diverse communities, working with referral sources, and providing products and programs that support diverse homeownership.
Environmental: We also work to accelerate the transition to a lower-carbon economy
  2015 Annual Report | 7

and reduce the impact of climate change. Our Environmental Solutions for Communities five-year grant program, begun in 2012, has funded more than $9.8 million in grants
to more than 250 nonprofits to
date that promote conservation
and environmental sustainability
in communities across the U.S.
We work hard to make our
internal operations more efficient
by minimizing waste and using renewable sources of energy.
Today, more than 20 million
square feet of office space across
418 bank stores and other locations is Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certified. The U.S. Green Building Council recognized our leadership, naming us the “green” building leader among financial institutions in 2015.
More information about our community efforts is available
in our Corporate Social Responsibility Report at wellsfargo.com under
“About Wells Fargo.”
Earning relationships
with our shareholders
We also work to build long-term relationships with our shareholders and earn their confidence through our performance over time.
We believe that we attract shareholders and sustain relationships through the many long-term advantages that we offer investors, including our leading market share in cornerstone products; diversified and balanced revenue sources; strong risk discipline; experienced management team;
and consistent culture.
These advantages and our financial performance have enabled us to continue to return more capital to our shareholders than in the previous year. I noted earlier that
in 2015 we returned $12.6 billion through common stock dividends and net share repurchases.
Further reinforcing the long-term nature of our commitment, Wells Fargo leads in total shareholder return among
our bank peer group over the past five- and 10-year periods (ended Dec. 31, 2015).
Actively preparing for the future
While we take great pride in the relationships we are earning today, and those we’ve earned over our history, we are hardly anchored
to the past. The world is changing rapidly, and one of the ways we keep the customer at the center of all we do is by innovating.
In addition to the six priorities
I mentioned earlier, which
we concentrate on daily, we have identified four drivers that we believe are critical to our
future success:
Creating exceptional
customer experiences
Customer experience is at the
core of our Culture of Caring focus, in how we treat our customers and each other. As our team members do their jobs, they demonstrate
a positive and caring attitude for customers every day. This mindset is so important to our success that I like to say we hire for attitude and train for aptitude.
Exceptional customer experiences also stem from a can-do mindset.
If there’s a better way, we’ll work hard to find it for our customers.
For example, we enhanced the account-opening process for our retail banking customers in 2015 through our “Steps to Better Banking” program. The program provides information about how to avoid service fees, explains choosing and setting up numerous types of text alerts, and offers other key resources — all within an hour of opening
an account.
A third mindset of caring for
our customers is realizing that
at Wells Fargo, we are better together. That means communicating clearly with our customers, such as sending timely alerts on account transactions. And we provide free retirement assessments and online educational resources such as our Smarter CreditTM center and My Money MapSM,
Total Shareholder Return (annualized)
 Ended Dec. 31, 2015
Wells Fargo
Bank of America
5yr
14.7%
5.4%
Rank
1
11
6
2
10yr
8.5%
-7.6%
2.7%
-0.4%
Rank
1
10
5
6
12
8
2
9 11
7
4
   BB&T 10.5% Capital One 12.4% Citigroup 2.0% Fifth Third Bancorp 9.2% JPMorgan Chase 12.1% KeyCorp 10.3%
Regions 7.9% Financial
SunTrust 9.1%
U.S. Bancorp 12.1%
S&P 500 (SPX) 12.5%
KBW 9.1% Nasdaq bank
index (BKX)
12 -18.6%
8 -3.5%
4 7.9%
7 -6.3% 10 -9.5%
9 -3.0%
    3
6.6%
7.3%
-1.0%
  8 | 2015 Annual Report
PNC Financial 11.9% 5 7.1% 3 Services
Source: Bloomberg, includes share price appreciation and reinvested dividends
   an online tool that enables customers to track spending, budgeting, and savings in easy-to-understand charts. We care deeply for our customers and want to do all we can to help them achieve financial success.
Digitizing the enterprise
We continue to make new
technology offerings and channels available throughout our businesses. Our customers have responded enthusiastically to text and email alerts, payment solutions like Apple PayTM and Android PayTM, and pilots
of biometric customer authentication for both business and retail customers that we expect to roll out later
this year. We introduced the yourLoanTrackerSM service in 2015
to allow our customers to monitor
the status of their loans throughout the home-financing process using their computer, smartphone, or tablet.
We are careful not to create new technologies in isolation; the value of innovation is when technology is aligned. This means that all
of our distribution channels
— locations, phone banks, ATMs,
 
online, and mobile banking — work together, integrated with
our products, to benefit customers.
In 2015, we brought together
team members from existing
Wells Fargo teams to form a new Innovation Group, a cross-functional organization to help keep us at
the leading edge of technological innovation in financial services. Key focuses of the Innovation Group include research and development, payment strategies, design and delivery, and analytics.
Making diversity and
inclusion part of our DNA
As a Main Street bank, it’s critical that our team members reflect the makeup of our communities so
we can better understand and serve the different needs of our customers. Our company is characterized by diversity — from our board of directors to customer-facing team members. Overall, 57 percent of U.S.-based team members are women, and 41 percent are ethnically/racially diverse. Women head two of our four major businesses, and our board is among the most diverse in the industry
(44 percent women and 31 percent ethnically/racially diverse).
Our goals of recognizing and serving all customers include
those customers with disabilities, and we are especially focused on using technology to eliminate accessibility barriers. We were
the first bank to offer voice-enabled ATMs to assist our visually impaired customers, and these ATMs now speak in English and Spanish.
We also offer credit and debit cards in Braille.
I am delighted by the recognition
we’ve received by outside organizations that monitor diversity and inclusion. For example, in 2015 we were recognized by DiversityInc as the
No. 1 Company for LGBT Employees, 7th Top Company for Veterans,
and as the 11th Top Company
for Diversity; and by LATINA Style
as the 8th Best Company for Latinas. Additionally, we received a perfect
score of 100 percent on the 2016 Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmarking survey and report
on corporate policies and practices related to LGBT workplace equality. This is the 13th consecutive year that Wells Fargo has earned
a 100 percent score.
At Wells Fargo, every team member is responsible for managing risk.
Leading the way in risk management and operational excellence
Effective risk management practices help us better serve our customers, maintain and improve our position
in the market, and protect the long-term safety, soundness,
and reputation of Wells Fargo.
We understand that trust is the
core of any meaningful relationship. At Wells Fargo, every team member is responsible for managing risk.
Protecting our customers’ assets
and providing financial security
are key principles in our risk-focused culture. We continue to invest heavily in risk management and information security to meet our goals of protecting our customers’ information and assets, safeguarding our infrastructure and systems, and setting the global standard for risk management excellence among financial institutions.
Operational excellence is part
of our Vision & Values and is a key driver in the value we provide shareholders. We apply it at every level of the company, focusing on creating sustainable improvement for our business, enhancing the customer experience, mitigating risk, and increasing efficiency.
In closing
Our Annual Report would not be complete without recognizing the hard work of our board
of directors. Their knowledge, experience, and leadership are
integral to Wells Fargo’s success.
I want to acknowledge Judy Runstad, who will be retiring from the board
at our annual meeting of stockholders in April. Judy joined our board in 1998, and she has been an outstanding director. We will miss her many contributions, and I thank her
for her service.
As our company moves forward,
we will continue to focus on earning and building lifelong relationships. That is how we have done business for the past 164 years, and that focus is at the heart of our culture.
I am thankful for the leadership
of 265,000 team members who are focused on creating and sustaining relationships with our customers
and on putting our customers’ interests first. And I thank customers for allowing us to help them with their financial needs. I am grateful to our community partners that work
with us to improve our communities. And I appreciate our shareholders, who show their trust by investing
in our company.
Thanks for your part in allowing
us to earn and nurture the relationships that are core to both our past and future successes.
John G. Stumpf
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company
February 1, 2016
    2015 Annual Report | 9
