To our owners
John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and CEO

Let's begin with what's most important -- the value we delivered this year for our customers, our communities, our country and our shareholders. We did this by doing what community-based, relationshiporiented financial providers are supposed to do. We channel the wealth of savers, who deposit their money with us, and then we lend it out to finance those who invest in people, businesses and construction for creating and building things that help America's economy grow and that strengthen neighborhoods and communities.

For starters, we: · · Provided $711 billion this year in loans and lines of credit to our customers. Provided more loan dollars to small businesses than any other U.S. lender and the most loans under $100,000 to small businesses in low- to moderate-income neighborhoods (2008 data). Provided $804 billion in loans and lines of credit to individuals and businesses during the 15 months that we used U.S. taxpayers' $25 billion investment in Wells Fargo -- 32 times the government's investment. Repaid the U.S. Treasury its $25 billion investment plus $1.44 billion in dividends on its investment. Raised $12.2 billion in equity in December 2009 to help repay the government investment, and had two other successful stock offerings since November 2008 totaling $21.2 billion, showing strong shareholder support for our company's business model and earnings potential. Total raised in 14 months: $33 billion.

· · ·

Helped reduce mortgage payments for 1.2 million homeowners through refinancing. Lowered the interest rate or principal or changed terms for 470,000 mortgage customers struggling with their payments. Maintained a mortgage delinquency rate, including foreclosures, a third of the industry average1, with 92 of every 100 of our mortgage customers current on their home payments.

·

· ·

Because of the value we created for our customers and communities, we generated record revenue, earnings and capital. We earned a record $12.3 billion (more than any of our peers) despite lower demand for credit and a weak economy. Our diluted earnings per common share2 were $1.75 for the year. That's after absorbing 48 cents a share for adding to our reserve for loan losses, and 76 cents a share in dividends for Wells Fargo preferred stock issued to the government.

1 Inside Mortgage Finance (3Q09) 2 Includes stock option grants and securities that can be converted into stock

2

We generated a record $89 billion in revenue for the year. Profit before taxes and providing for loan loss reserves -- a key measure of our revenue-generating power -- was a record $40 billion1, more than two times the loans we charged off as uncollectable, called "net charge-offs." Our customers signaled their faith in our strength and stability by entrusting us with even more of their deposits. Our core deposits2 rose five percent, to $781 billion, even as $109 billion in higher-priced Wachovia certificates of deposit matured. We retained most of those Wachovia deposit customers. A new, independent survey of 33,500 consumers for brands in 71 industries rated Wells Fargo #1 among banks in brand loyalty. Strong capital -- growing even stronger We're committed to maintaining strong capital so we can grow profitably and safely. We entered the credit crisis with one of the strongest capital positions in our industry. This enabled us to provide credit to customers and acquire Wachovia while many of our peers struggled to cover large losses. Our capital position is stronger than ever. We grew stockholders' equity to $112 billion, up from $47 billion just before announcing the Wachovia acquisition. We were able to do this because of our record earnings, the best way to grow capital, and three successful secondary market offerings of common stock. This brought our regulatory capital ratios back to the strong levels we've maintained. We achieved all this even after doubling the asset size of our company, repaying the government in full (and with interest) on its investment in Wells Fargo, and acquiring the remaining 23 percent stake in our securities brokerage business. We also reduced Wells Fargo's risk. With Wachovia, we have even more diversity of businesses, customers, geographies and revenue sources. We believe we have less exposure than any of our large bank peers to capital loss from high-risk trading, derivatives and cross-border international risk. Rate of credit losses slowing To be the best in financial services, you have to be the best in credit and risk management. Our lending principles are simple. We never want to sacrifice credit quality for short-term financial gain. The return on a transaction or relationship should be in proportion to the risk. We don't want to compromise this principle just to meet market competition. We always need to ask: Is this credit right for the customer and for Wells Fargo? Despite the down economy and higher credit losses, we proved again we have the discipline, controls, experience, and customer knowledge and relationships to be the best in credit in good times and bad. In the fourth quarter, we saw more signs the credit cycle may be turning. Credit quality was stronger in several of our loan portfolios. Housing values stabilized or rose in some of our metro markets. Delinquent loan payments were down for credit cards, auto loans, part of our home equity portfolio, small business loans and lines of consumer credit.

Wells Fargo-Wachovia merger: better than expected We're now in the middle innings of the integration of Wachovia and Wells Fargo -- the largest, most complex banking merger in U.S. history. It's adding to our earnings and capital growth much more and much earlier than we expected. Even after writing down the value of Wachovia's assets at the merger, we're shedding more of the riskier assets faster than we expected, keeping more Wachovia customers and their deposits, and saving from the merger's efficiency. We now estimate merger costs at less than $5 billion, one-third less than we estimated at the time of the merger. We're on track to achieve $5 billion in expense saving from the merger by the end of 2011, but this merger isn't driven by pressure to cut costs. We're taking our time to help team members whose jobs were eliminated due to the merger find opportunities elsewhere in the company. As the nation's 12th-largest private employer -- with more U.S.-based team members than any U.S. financial services company -- we're creating jobs every day in our company. We're taking our time to do this merger right. We want this experience to be smooth and easy for our customers, to satisfy all their financial needs. We're creating one retail banking operating system to serve our customers coast-to-coast when, where and how they want to be served so their hometown bank can always be right around the corner. In November 2009, we combined systems so we can fully serve 95,000 Wachovia customers in Colorado. In March 2010, we did the same for 40,000 Wachovia customers in Arizona, 15,000 in Nevada and 14,000 in Illinois. By mid-2010, we'll offer full service to 600,000 Wachovia customers in California. In the third quarter of 2010, we'll integrate Wachovia and Wells Fargo systems for 514,000 Wachovia customers in Texas, and 21,000 in Missouri and Kansas. Later in 2010 and in 2011, we'll do the same for 14 million more Wachovia Community Banking customers in Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia. Community Banking: investing in future growth The merger created our nation's most extensive community banking franchise. We offer our customers more coast-tocoast convenience than any other financial services company in America: 6,629 banking stores, 12,363 ATMs, Wells Fargo Phone Bank and wellsfargo.com. "Most extensive" and "more," however, don't automatically benefit our customers. There's an old saying: The value's in the worth, not the number. What counts isn't just how many stores and ATMs we have. What counts is the way all our channels work together for our customers, and our talented and caring team members and their ability to make decisions locally, closest to our customers, so we can satisfy all their financial needs. Our team members in our Wachovia banking stores, known for the very high-quality experience they give their customers, actually had higher service scores than before the merger. Legacy Wells Fargo retail bank households have an average of 5.95 products with us; legacy Wachovia, 4.65. We want to get to eight. One of every four legacy Wells Fargo customers already has eight or more products with us.
SM

1 See footnote 4, page 4. 2 Checking accounts that pay interest, deposits that don't, savings certificates, market rate and other savings, and some foreign deposits

3

Our Performance
$ in millions, except per share amounts

2009

2008 1

% Change

FOR THE YEAR 2 Wells Fargo net income Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios: Wells Fargo net income to average total assets (ROA) Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 3 Total revenue Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) 4 Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits 5 Average retail core deposits 6 Net interest margin AT YEAR END Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits 5 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity Total equity Tier 1 capital 7 Total capital 7 Capital ratios: Total equity to assets Risk-based capital 7 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 7 Tier 1 common equity 8 Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent) 9
2

$

12,275 7,990 1.75 0.97% 9.88 55.3

2,655 2,369 0.70 0.44 4.79 54.0 41,877 19,279 1.30 3,378.1 3,391.3 398,460 604,396 325,212 234,130 4.83

362% 237 150 120 106 2 112 106 (62) 35 35 107 109 134 151 (11)

$

88,686 39,666 0.49 4,545.2 4,562.7

$

822,833 1,262,354 762,461 588,072 4.28%

$

172,710 782,770 24,516 24,812 1,243,646 780,737 111,786 114,359 93,795 134,397

151,569 864,830 21,013 22,627 1,309,639 745,432 99,084 102,316 86,397 130,318

14 (9) 17 10 (5) 5 13 12 9 3

9.20% 9.25 13.26 7.87 6.46 20.03 267,300

7.81 7.84 11.83 14.52 3.13 16.15 270,800

18 18 12 (46) 106 24 (1)

$

1 Wells Fargo & Company (Wells Fargo) acquired Wachovia Corporation (Wachovia) on December 31, 2008. Because the acquisition was completed on December 31, 2008, Wachovia's results are in the income statement, average balances and related metrics beginning in 2009. Wachovia's assets and liabilities are in the consolidated balance sheet beginning on December 31, 2008. 2 On January 1, 2009, we adopted new accounting guidance on noncontrolling interests on a retrospective basis for disclosure and, accordingly, prior period information reflects the adoption. The guidance requires that noncontrolling interests be reported as part of total equity. 3 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 4 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 5 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep balances). 6 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits. 7 See Note 25 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 8 See the "Capital Management" section on page 71 in this Report for additional information. 9 Includes Wachovia team members at December 31, 2008.

4

To seize this opportunity to satisfy even more of our customers' financial needs, we're adding personal bankers in our Wachovia stores. The average legacy Wells Fargo banking store serves about 20 percent more households than the average Wachovia store, but has 70 percent more bankers serving customers. As a result, we added 1,250 more bankers to serve customers in our Wachovia stores this year alone. In Florida, we plan to hire 275 more in 2010. In Alabama, 150; Connecticut, 30; Delaware, 10; Georgia, 110; New York 30; North Carolina 125; Pennsylvania, 110; South Carolina, 70; and Virginia, 301 . Because sales and service are strands of the same rope, all our Wachovia banking stores have adopted the Wells Fargo model of one store manager responsible for the store's entire sales and service performance rather than separating those roles. Our legacy Wells Fargo banking stores now use Wachovia's processes and measures for the customer experience. We're also expanding a popular Wachovia product across Community Banking -- our Way2Save® account. It's a savings account that can be linked to checking, turning purchases into automatic savings by transferring $1 from checking to the Way2Save® account each time you make a check card purchase or use Wells Fargo Bill Pay. Credit cards: practices and pricing You've probably heard about a new law2 that modifies a number of credit card practices. It also significantly improves the information in credit card statements and disclosures. This should make credit card statements and fee disclosures easier to understand. It could reduce interest and fees for some customers who carry a balance. It does, however, make it more difficult for card issuers to charge higher rates for riskier customers, especially if their credit-worthiness declines. As a result, some borrowers may have less access to credit than before and pricing on virtually all accounts likely will be higher than before. We're a relationship-based card issuer so we market credit cards as a key element in a broader relationship. We offer our credit card accounts only to new and existing customers. We want every one of our creditworthy customers to have a Wells Fargo credit card (only one of every four does now) and Wells Fargo debit card. We're working to provide credit to as many creditworthy customers as possible. We're also adding new ways for customers to earn rewards for their spending on debit and credit card accounts and to help them save more and pay down debt. For example, our customers can direct their Wells Fargo credit card rewards points to pay down debt on their Wells Fargo mortgage or other Wells Fargo loans. Unlike most of our competitors, our credit card business remained profitable in 2009. Our credit card portfolio is only three percent of our total loans. Banking-mortgage cross-sell Our mortgage business -- with its natural earnings counterbalance between originations and servicing -- enters 2010 with good momentum. When interest rates decline, customers take advantage of the lower rates and originations increase. When interest rates rise, pre-payment rates slow and our servicing portfolio increases in value. We originated $420 billion in
1 Full-time equivalents 2 Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act (CARD Act)

"What counts isn't just how many stores and ATMs we have. What counts is the way all our channels work together for our customers, and our talented and caring team members ..."
mortgages this year, up 83 percent. We were the nation's largest mortgage originator, funding one of every four mortgages in the U.S. We serviced $1.8 trillion in mortgages and nine million loans, one of every six mortgage holders nationwide. Regardless of where interest rates go in 2010 and beyond, we have a huge opportunity for market share growth in the 15 eastern states and the District of Columbia through Wachovia. Fourteen percent of Wells Fargo banking households have their mortgage with Wells Fargo, but only ten percent of Wachovia's have either a Wells Fargo or Wachovia home mortgage. Opportunity! Helping homeowners Much work lies ahead, but we've made significant progress helping struggling mortgage customers stay in their homes. We changed terms, lowered rates, or lowered principal (or some combination) for a half-million customers on a trial or permanent basis, including 119,000 using federal programs. We have 15,000 U.S.-based team members focused exclusively on helping mortgage customers stay in their homes, more than double a year ago, including 8,000 hired and trained this year alone. We make every reasonable effort to avoid foreclosure -- that's what's best for our customers, our communities, and our shareholders. In fact, we modified three mortgages for every foreclosure sale on an owner-occupied property in the fourth quarter of this year. We're optimistic about the performance of the Wachovia Pick-a-Payment mortgage portfolio. It includes loans that had allowed customers to make monthly payments that might not cover interest charges, a product Wells Fargo has not offered and will not offer. We modified one of every three Wachovia Pick-a-Payment loans likely to default and reduced payments for 98 percent of those customers by adjusting term rates or forgiving some of the principal they owed on their adjustablerate mortgages. We believe the losses on these loans over their lifetimes actually will be lower than we first estimated. The re-default rate on mortgage loans we restructured was less than half the rate for similar loans in our industry. We held home preservation workshops in Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Saint Paul and Phoenix -- attracting more than 6,300 customers. In our first four events, we helped about half of the

5

attendees on the spot or shortly after with lower rates, lowered principal or change in terms (or some combination). We plan more workshops in 2010 in Los Angeles, Miami and Oakland. Managing more of our customers' wealth Our customers are still recovering from the shock of the largest decline in the U.S. financial markets since the Great Depression. Investors -- including 70 million baby boomers scheduled to retire in the next 15 years -- are cautious and concerned. They're searching for guidance they can trust and because of that there's more "money in motion" than ever before. We want to help customers build a financial road map so they can see where they want to go and understand what it will take to get there. We work with them to clarify short- and longterm financial goals, create a clear and achievable plan to reach those goals and adjust as needed. This approach led Barron's to rank us as the nation's third-largest wealth manager. We want to earn the privilege of bringing this expertise, guidance and personal approach as a trusted financial provider for all our customers. Our retail banking households that have a Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement relationship with us have an average of 9.3 products with Wells Fargo, about two-thirds more than our average household relationship. Wealth Management Wells Fargo Private Bank and Wells Fargo Family Wealth manage $118 billion in assets, up 6.4 percent from the previous year. Our clients entrust us with $49 billion in deposits, up 63 percent from the previous year. Family Wealth, which serves ultra-high-net-worth families, was ranked the second largest multi-family office in the U.S. based on assets by industry analyst Family Wealth Alliance. Brokerage Wells Fargo Advisors, our coast-to-coast retail investment brokerage, is the nation's third largest in revenue. Our 15,000 financial advisors serve six million households nationwide from 1,300 offices, and through many of our banking stores and other channels. We hold $1.1 trillion in client assets and $77 billion in deposits. Using a process called "Envision®," we provide clients with investment plans tailored to their goals and aspirations. More than half our affluent clients have an Envision plan. Our goal: provide one for every client, so we can help satisfy all their financial needs and help them succeed financially. In a year of volatile markets and industry consolidation, our reputation for strength and stability enabled us to attract 1,300 experienced financial advisors and hire 400 advisor trainees. We ended the year as the third-largest full-service

retail brokerage, based on the number of advisors. We have unprecedented opportunity to attract new customers and earn more business from our current ones: only nine of every 100 customers who bank with us have a relationship with Wells Fargo Advisors. Retirement Our institutional retirement business is the nation's seventh-largest. We administer 401(k) plans for 3.5 million employees and manage $223 billion in plan assets. We're fourth nationally in IRA assets under management, and we're the #1 distributor of annuities. We've just begun to tap our potential to satisfy all the retirement needs of our customers: only six of every 100 Wells Fargo customers have an IRA with us. Wholesale Banking: loan demand down but relationships growing Banks that are strong, well-capitalized and have customer relationships that are broad, deep and long-lasting tend to earn more business, especially when times are tough. So, even though commercial loan demand was weak, our outstanding Wholesale Banking teams attracted new customers and earned more business from current customers. When the economy picks up, so will loan demand, and we'll earn even more of our customers' business. Our Wholesale team leads our company in cross-sell. Our average Wholesale relationship (legacy Wells Fargo) has 6.4 products with us; our average Commercial Banking relationship (companies with annual revenue of $25 million ­ $500 million) in legacy Wells Fargo has almost eight. We led all U.S. banks in three important categories. We were #1 with the most lead relationships with Commercial Banking customers, in the number of lead relationships that borrowed from us, and in establishing the most new Commercial Banking relationships. We made $12 billion in loans to 8,000 cities, nonprofits, colleges and universities, and non-profit healthcare organizations, up nine percent from 2008. We're scheduled to complete the integration of our Wachovia Commercial Banking offices into Wells Fargo's operating model in early 2010, so we can satisfy all the financial needs of more customers. We also created a new group to serve businesses that make, market or develop products and services such as electric and lowemission vehicles, solar and wind power, energy and water efficiency, and smart-grid applications. Mutual funds: soon nation's 10th largest Our mutual funds business, Wells Fargo Advantage Funds®, grew sales four times the industry average in 2009. After integrating the Wells Fargo

"We want to help customers build a financial road map so they can see where they want to go and understand what it will take to get there. We work with them to clarify short- and long-term financial goals, create a clear and achievable plan to reach those goals and adjust as needed."
6

Advantage and Wachovia's Evergreen fund families in 2010, and pending approval by Fund shareholders, we'll have 133 mutual funds, variable trust funds, and Wells Fargo Managed Account CoreBuilder® Shares. Our combined business, with $245 billion in assets under management, would have been the nation's 10th largest family of funds at year-end 2009. About half our longterm mutual funds earn four or five stars from Morningstar. Our Funds team guides institutions, financial advisors, and individuals to help them reach their financial objectives and satisfy all their financial needs. We believe agile, independent investment teams, each with distinct strengths and disciplines, can provide superior insight and expertise. Investment Banking: customer-focused The merger with Wachovia gives us an opportunity to become one of America's top customer-focused investment banks. We're providing a broader array of solutions for our commercial customers, our corporate customers and our real estate relationships. The merger combines our capital strength with across-the-board solutions including debt and equity underwriting, debt and equity sales and trading, strategic advice (including mergers and acquisitions), loan syndications, tax-exempt products, research and economic data, and hedging products. Commercial Real Estate: relationship-based With the decline in property values and rental payments, there's been a lot in the media lately about commercial real estate lending, a segment of lending in the U.S. second in size only to home mortgages. Our total portfolio was $135 billion, down two percent this year. Our losses rose from historically low levels, but we believe the quality of our portfolio is better than our competitors because we're well-diversified by geography and property type, we're relationship-based, and we focus our underwriting on people, cash flows and creditworthiness, not just property values. We have a seasoned, experienced leadership team that's been together for decades, including the troubled commercial real estate market of the early 1990s. Insurance: a fundamental financial need We're the world's fourth-largest insurance brokerage and America's largest insurance broker owned by a bank holding company. Twoand-a-half million banking households have bought insurance through us. That equates, however, to just one of every 15 of our banking customers, up from one of every 20 just a few years ago (our long-term goal: one in five). We can do much better because insurance (with checking/debit, mortgage and investments) is one of our four core products. It's a fundamental financial need, one that customers value so much that if they have it with us, they're more likely to buy other products from us. We provide a full line of insurance products that our commercial business customers and our banking households need to help them succeed financially. Via the phone (1-866-294-2571) and wellsfargo.com, we provide no-obligation quotes in minutes for auto, renters', homeowners' and term life insurance from multiple insurance companies. This year, our bankers referred 2.5 million customers to our local commercial brokerage teams, sales centers and online resources. The result: 280,000 customers purchased personal insurance online (up 90 percent from 2008). On the commercial front, we serve some 40,000 businesses, including almost one of

every five Fortune 1,000 companies. With Wachovia's insurance brokerage team, we gained significant presence this year in 10 more metro markets, adding $200 million in revenue. We serve commercial customers in 130 countries through 80 brokerage partners in our Global Broker Network. Where does the bank stop and the community begin? How have we been able to grow earnings and capital internally, and become even stronger, even while building a storehouse for credit losses of almost $25 billion? It's because our business model doesn't run on just a few sources of revenue or even 20 or 30 sources of revenue, but on more than 80 different businesses across financial services. It's because our loan portfolio is diversified across many different industries. It's because we're not geographically concentrated in one region, but serve 70 million customers across North America. It's because of our time-tested credit discipline. It's because we have the deepest, most talented, most experienced and people-focused team of senior leaders in the industry. It's because we believe our longterm success depends on our ability to help our customers and communities succeed financially. And often overlooked, it's because all banks are not created alike. We're not a hedge fund disguised as a bank. We're not a proprietary trader (which produces no customer benefit) disguised as a bank. Nor are we simply a mortgage company or an investment broker or an insurance broker or a credit card company. What we are at our heart is community-based, and relationship-oriented. We serve our customers online, on the phone or at our ATMs, and we welcome them into our 10,000 stores. We greet them on neighborhood sidewalks. We have breakfast with them at the neighborhood diner. We serve alongside them on local chambers, Rotary, nonprofit boards, at community events. We worship with them in churches, synagogues, mosques and temples. Many of our customers know our tellers by their first names, and we know them by theirs. We want our banking stores to be more than just storefronts, but like community centers where neighbors meet. Call this old-fashioned if you like, but our customers can't get enough of it. They wouldn't trade it for all the hedge funds in the world. I could tell you a thousand real-life stories to prove this point. You can read about just a few beginning on page 24 of this Report and in our new Social Responsibility Report. After the government's investment: our view The financial crisis that began in the fall of 2008 was unprecedented for our country and global markets. We earned $5.4 billion in net income the first nine months of that year. We also acquired Wachovia Corporation without any need for financial help from the federal government. We appreciated the magnitude of the situation our country was in. We understood our role as Americans first, bankers second. That's why we took part in the U.S. Treasury's Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), joining eight other financial firms in accepting government investments in our companies. We fully repaid the government's $25 billion investment in Wells Fargo, including interest of $1.4 billion. We used the government's investment as it was intended to be used: we provided 32 times the government's investment in loans and credit lines
7

" What we are at our heart is community-based, and relationshiporiented. We serve our customers online, on the phone or at our ATMs, and we welcome them into our 10,000 stores. ... Many of our customers know our tellers by their first names, and we know them by theirs. ... Call this old-fashioned if you like, but our customers can't get enough of it."
to consumers and businesses. We helped 1.2 million mortgage customers reduce their payments through refinancing and modified mortgage payments for 470,000 customers so they could stay in their homes. We also raised $33 billion in capital in just 14 months. We helped Wachovia emerge stronger from the crisis. The crisis may be over but its effects linger. No one wants to go through another one like it. Congress is considering proposals to significantly restructure laws and regulations governing financial services. We're part of this process. We believe all financial services companies must be subject to strong, effective regulation. All consumers should have strong protection, no matter what company they deal with. All financial service regulators should have the tools they need to deal with risk. In many cases they already do. Wells Fargo is part of this effort to address weaknesses the crisis exposed. We're advocating for sensible, regulatory solutions that benefit consumers and businesses and that strengthen financial markets. We're concerned, however, about proposals that would complicate how financial markets work, add bureaucracy and could cause regulatory conflicts and unintended risks. Consumer protection We favor regulating all financial providers so there can be strong, effective protection for consumers. That protection, however, should be the responsibility of "safety and soundness" regulators that already regulate these providers. These regulators have the insight and knowledge to balance and judge what's needed to ensure both the soundness of these institutions and the integrity of the products and services they offer. A new, stand-alone agency focused only on protecting consumers might not balance these interests. This could create regulatory conflicts that would inadvertently create new risks for our financial system. Financial providers that don't already have such a "safety and soundness" regulator need to have one. Its powers should include protecting consumers, too. Nationwide access Americans are blessed with access to national financial markets. It's the underpinning of our capitalist economy, and a principle we defend. This freedom didn't happen by accident. Through the wisdom of leaders such as Abraham Lincoln, the National Bank Act was passed in 1864 to create national banks that offer uniform products across state lines. This law makes more sense today than ever because mobility is a way of life for most of our customers. They commute, do business, relocate, travel and vacation
8

across state lines, often coast to coast. They buy goods and services globally by mail and on the internet. Good for them and good for our economy. Our customers want to bank wherever they are and however they wish, by internet, telephone, in our banking stores or our ATMs. It's taken years to carefully balance between state and federal regulation to make this happen. We're on guard for our customers to help make sure nationwide access to financial products and services is not compromised. If that happened it would be bad for our customers and bad for our country. Systemic risk Financial service regulators must be able to identify systemic risks and deal with them well before there's a crisis. To do this, we support creating a council of existing regulators that would be on watch for emerging market and industry risks. They would have a distinct advantage over all new regulatory bodies, because they know best the conditions of the companies and industries they already supervise. They would make judgments based on real business conditions and risks, not academic formulas. They would consider which companies have too much risk and how those risks affect other companies and markets. If a company that many others depend on is considered a systemic risk, a council of regulators would ensure that the company's existing regulator take the lead to fi x it before the risk spreads to other companies, industries and markets. "Too big to fail" We believe no company should be "too big to fail." A government "resolution authority" should unwind and liquidate any failed company. It shouldn't be just bankruptcy or "bail out." What's needed is a mechanism to assure the orderly winding down of a failed company. The process needs to assure that stockholders take the first losses, then unsecured creditors. The parties dealing with the failed company can receive distributions based on estimates of asset values without having to wait for the entire process to be completed. This would avoid systemic risk. It's not a company's size that's the source of risk it's the nature of its business and how it interconnects with other businesses and markets. Wells Fargo is large, but we're also broadly diversified. We have controls and practices that enable us to manage risk. It's simple to solve the problem of "too big to fail." Let's just make it clear: any financial services firm can be allowed to fail. If it fails to manage its risk, it deserves to fail. Period.

Our world in 2010 Cold numbers like 9.7 percent unemployment don't begin to tell the human story of pain and loss that many Americans suffered this year. Our team members suffered right along with them because many of those struggling are our own customers, our neighbors, and our family members. Our customers need us now more than ever for sound financial advice. We welcome them into our banking stores for kitchen table conversations about their finances so we can work together to help them succeed financially. The attitude of our customers shifted radically in 2009. They're more frugal than ever. They're more serious about balancing wants and needs. They're saving and investing and paying down debt as never before. Delayed gratification is back in style. Who'd have ever thought the retail "layaway" plan would become fashionable again? Creating good jobs is now Job #1 for our country. Wells Fargo -- serving one of every three U.S. households -- wants to help make that happen. Our economy is still losing jobs, the U.S. economy remains fragile and the labor market bleak and probably will be for much of 2010, but the economy is improving. Many companies are in good financial shape. Inventories, payrolls and equipment spending are low. Cash is king. Many balance sheets are strong. Inflation and interest rates remain low. Now more than ever, we want to be there for our commercial and small business customers to help them expand and grow and hire. Being there rain or shine I hear people say banks don't want to lend anymore. Or the old saw: A banker is someone who will lend you an umbrella on a sunny day. I can assure you, the banker who's open for business only on sunny days will soon go out of business. Next time it rains, check to see how many customers left that banker and took their money down the street to a competitor who can stay with them rain or shine. The economy we live in today is that rainy day. We want to be loyal to customers who've been loyal to us. These are the times that test that loyalty. We can't make every customer happy. We also make some mistakes. And, there are loans that shouldn't be made. We do not believe in lending to a customer who we believe doesn't show the ability to pay the loan back under its terms or in making a loan without the proper documentation. But there are lots of customers who need financing today who can qualify. And we are lending. We're taking a second look at many of the loan applications we deny to make sure we made the right decision for the customer and our company. We expect to increase our small business lending as much as 25 percent in 2010 to more than $16 billion if the economy improves and with disciplined credit underwriting. Our biggest challenge in 2010 will be aggressively looking for creditworthy customers who need not just financing but sound financial advice and the benefit of a full relationship that can last a lifetime. Credit is available. The amount of credit customers are using on their lines of credit today is as low as I've ever seen. That's why we're hiring hundreds of bankers -- more feet on the street -- to find as many good loans as possible.

Every recession has an end and then comes growth, but our nation still must absorb an oversupply of goods, labor and housing. To reduce unemployment, our capitalist, freeenterprise system -- the envy of the world -- needs breathing room so Americans can be free to do what they do best: Create and innovate and build and rebuild. Thank you, Dick! On behalf of our Board and all team members, a special thank you to Dick Kovacevich, who retired December 30th after 23 stellar years with our company. One year ago, Dick was scheduled to retire, but agreed at the Board's invitation to continue as chairman through 2009 to help us successfully integrate Wachovia into Wells Fargo. More than 20 years ago, he crafted and propagated our groundbreaking vision that remains solidly in place today: We want to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We call it "The Vision That Works." We bring it to life for you as the theme of this Report on pages 10­29. Dick leaves a great legacy and, most importantly, a great team ready for even more growth and success. We wish him and his wife, Mary Jo, and their family all the best. We thank all our team members for working together to earn more of our customers' business during a very difficult year for our country and our industry, and for collaborating so effectively to complete the first year of the WachoviaWells Fargo integration. We thank our customers for entrusting us with more of their business and for returning to us for their next financial services product. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 159th year. We can't control the economy. We can control who we are, what we do and how we do it. In my 28 years with the company, I believe this was the best year we've ever had for putting us in a position for future growth -- because of our vision and values, time-tested business model, team member talent, liquidity, capital, ability to generate revenue from such a diversity of businesses and geographies, and because of the success to date of the Wells Fargo-Wachovia merger.

John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

9

