letter to stakeholders
Dear Fellow Stakeholders: Fiscal 2011 was another incredible year for our company. In the midst of a wavering economy, rising inflation and increasingly tougher sales comparisons, we executed at a high level with sales increasing 12% to top $10 billion and operating margin improving to 5.4%. We delivered:  · 8.5% comparable store sales growth, our highest result in five years;  · average weekly sales per store of $636,000, translating to sales per square foot of $874;  · 17% growth in EBITDA to $835 million;  · a 35% increase in diluted earnings per share to $1.93; and  · a 220 basis point year-over-year improvement in NOPAT* return on invested capital to 11.1%. Our performance substantially exceeded our own expectations, as well as Wall Street's, driving a 38% boost in our stock price during the calendar year versus the S&P 500 Index, which was flat year over year. We are proud that we continued to gain market share at a faster rate than most public food retailers and attribute much of our success to our visible value efforts which have positively impacted our price image. Navigating the balance between price investments, gross margin and sales momentum was increasingly challenging given the rising rate of inflation throughout the year. Competitors continued to act rationally, however, and we were able to selectively pass through product cost increases. We even saw signs of customers trading up as sales shifted year over year toward organic products, higher-priced tiers, and discretionary categories, with an increase in transactions over $50 as well. While maintaining our relative value positioning remained a top priority, we continued to differentiate our shopping experience while raising the bar. Building on the success of our seafood sustainability ratings program introduced last year, we rolled-out 5-StepTM Animal Welfare Rating standards and our new Eco-ScaleTM Rating System, introduced in-store Wellness Clubs, and expanded our exclusive brand offerings. The 5-Step Animal Welfare Rating standards recognize producers for their efforts in improving the welfare of animals and offer customers a new level of transparency. As of May, all fresh and pre-packaged beef, pork and chicken products offered in our U.S. stores had third-party certified animal welfare ratings. Our Eco-Scale Rating System allows customers to easily identify a household cleaning product's environmental impact and safety based on a red-orange-yellow-green scale. We are committed to all of our cleaning products meeting the baseline orange standard by Earth Day, April 2012. We opened four in-store Wellness Clubs in Chicago, Oakland, New York City and Dedham, Massachusetts with another scheduled to open in Princeton, New Jersey in January. Offerings include: a 10% discount on thousands of designated healthy foods; nutrition courses; culinary classes; supper clubs; coaching and support; a wellness assessment tool; and access to benefits from a local network of community businesses. We plan to expand the concept to reach more customers in the future. This year we made significant progress in differentiating our product offering through exclusive brands. We added approximately 400 new SKUs, reinvented some categories such as household products, and renewed our efforts around packaging. We believe our growth in this area played a key part in our ability to successfully compete this year. We always are looking for ways to raise the bar and further differentiate the Whole Foods Market shopping experience. Our internal research shows we have a healthy combination of loyal core customers and new customers discovering us for the first time. We believe our initiatives in areas such as value, animal welfare, *Net operating profits after taxes

letter to stakeholders
and healthy eating are aligned with our core customer base, reinforce our position as the authentic retailer of natural and organic foods, and continue to make us the preferred choice for customers aspiring to a healthier lifestyle. As our store openings are beginning to accelerate, we are very pleased with how well our new stores are performing. Our new store performance again showed strong year-over-year improvement, with this year's class of 18 new stores producing over 360 basis points higher store contribution as a percentage of sales than last year's class of 16 new stores. New stores this year were approximately 8% smaller in size, averaging 39,000 square feet, and produced average weekly sales per store of $576,000, translating to 16% higher sales per square foot of $754. Our disciplined approach to opening stores that are right-sized for their community and at the right level of capital investment helped drive our 11% return on invested capital. Our solid execution, capital discipline, and increasing stock price generated over $1 billion of cash during the year through a combination of $755 million in cash flow from operations and $297 million in proceeds from Team Member stock option exercises. We invested $365 million in new and existing stores, paid off the remaining $490 million of our term loan, returned $53 million in quarterly dividends to our shareholders, and increased our total cash and investments during the year by $154 million. Our balance sheet has undergone a stunning transformation over the last three years, going from nearly $1 billion of debt to no debt and approximately $800 million of cash and investments. With confidence that we are well positioned to maintain a healthy cash balance and internally fund our accelerated new store growth, in November our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 40% to $0.14 per share and authorized a $200 million share repurchase program.

We walk our talk when it comes to our core values.
Last January, we were extremely pleased to be ranked #24 on Fortune's list of the "100 Best Companies to Work for in America." To be one of only 13 companies ranked consecutively for 14 years validates our commitment to our core value of `Supporting Team Member Happiness and Excellence.' This past year, we created close to 6,000 new jobs, and Team Member morale is very high. Our support of and leadership in causes that are important to our communities have created a loyal core customer base aligned with our mission and core values. This year, our donations to charitable organizations well exceeded our goal of 5% of our after-tax profits. In addition, our Whole Planet Foundation®, whose mission is to empower the poor through microcredit in communities that supply our stores with product, has partnered with various microfinance institutions to facilitate over $25.8 million in Team Member and customer-funded grants to micro-lending projects in 45 countries. And, since making the first loan through our Local Producer Loan Program in February 2007, we now have disbursed more than $5.5 million in loans to 97 local producers across the country. We were very excited this year to launch a new foundation through which we hope to make a significant contribution towards the fight to end childhood obesity. The mission of our Whole Kids FoundationTM is to support schools and inspire families to improve children's nutrition and wellness. Whole Foods Market shoppers generously donated more than $2 million to support the foundation's first major initiative, the School Garden Grant Program. Other current programs include Salad Bars in Schools and Nutrition Education for Teachers.

Our business model is very successful and continues to benefit all of our stakeholders.
When the first Whole Foods Market opened in September 1980, we had no idea that in only three decades we would be the 8th largest Food and Drug Retailer, ranking #273 on the Fortune 500 list of largest U.S. public corporations, with over 315 stores in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. We have signed 32 new leases over the last 12 months, including two in Canada and three in the U.K. We are on track to open between 24 and 27 new stores in fiscal 2012 and 28 to 32 new stores in fiscal 2013. Our outlook for fiscal year 2012 reflects another year of strong comparable store sales growth, a record number of new store openings, EBITDA approaching $1 billion, and incremental operating margin improvement.

letter to stakeholders
Our pleasurable store experience, outstanding customer service, high quality standards and differentiated product mix have been the primary drivers of our growth and success. We are committed to maintaining our unique positioning in these areas and now have the benefit of our more visible value efforts to gain additional customers. We also are in the early innings of becoming a more efficient retailer and have a lot of opportunities ahead of us to drive higher levels of operating performance and returns on invested capital over time. We consider 1,000 stores to be a reasonable indication of our market opportunity in the U.S. People are increasingly embracing healthier lifestyles to improve the quality of their lives and minimize their healthcare costs. As America's Healthiest Grocery Store, we are uniquely positioned to benefit from this major demographic evolution. We are not yet saturated in any major metro area, and our flexibility on new store size has opened up additional market opportunities. In addition, through acquisitions and our own store development, we have learned that select secondary markets are ready and waiting for Whole Foods Market to come to town. Looking beyond the U.S., we have seven stores in operation and three in development in Canada where we believe sales can surpass $1 billion over the next decade. We recently opened our first store in Scotland and have five stores in development averaging 21,000 square feet in size scheduled to open in the U.K. over the next two years. The performance of these new stores will give us a much better understanding of our longterm potential in the U.K. market and expansion opportunities in other international markets as well. We are more passionate than ever about our future and the positive impact we can make in the world by helping the natural and organic foods industry grow and suc ceed, educating our customers about healthier lifestyles, and offering a different kind of business model where profits and integrity positively impact all of our stakeholders. We firmly believe the best is yet to come for Whole Foods Market and look forward to working together to see our collective vision realized. With deep appreciation to all of our stakeholders,

John Mackey Co-Founder & Co-CEO 



Walter Robb Co-CEO

