DEAR STAKEH0LDERS,
We are proud of our operating results in 2014 given it was a challenging year on many fronts. We faced a dynamic competitive landscape, a lukewarm economy, and headwinds from our own growth and value initiatives. After five consecutive years of outperformance, we delivered results below our expectations in the first half of the year, which led to a sharp correction in our stock price. In our journey over the last 36 years, we have always viewed challenges as opportunities to learn and evolve, and believe we emerged from this past year as an even stronger company. We took a hard look at our business and made some decisions and corrections to reignite sales growth while still maintaining our culture and Core Values. We focused on growth, value, marketing, technology, and store refreshes while identifying cost-saving opportunities to help pay for investments in these key areas. We went from uncertainty and instability at the start of the year to a sense of promise and potential by year end, as our comparable store sales stabilized and we began launching several of our strategic initiatives including our partnership with Instacart and our first-ever national brand campaign. For the fiscal year, sales grew to $14.2 billion, with sales per gross square foot increasing to a record $990. We added a record 38 new stores during the year, expanding to 399 stores in 42 states and three countries. As reflected in our gross margin results, we continued our value efforts and the fourth quarter was the 11th consecutive quarter in which we did not fully pass through higher product costs to our customers. We managed expenses to offset higher year-over-year investments in value, technology, and growth, resulting in our fifth consecutive year of improvement in direct store expenses and our third consecutive year of double-digit store contribution margin. We generated record EBITDA of $1.3 billion, produced a healthy 15% return on invested capital, returned $750 million to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, and ended the year with approximately $1 billion in cash and investments.

NO ONE DOES WHAT WE DO.
With the growing demand for fresh, healthy foods, the offering of natural and organic products is expanding everywhere. Looking at the big picture, this affirms our mission and reinforces our future growth opportunity. We hold the idea of "food" to a higher standard, banning hundreds of ingredients commonly found in other stores. We believe our groundbreaking quality standards and selection are a large part of why we maintain a broad base of loyal customers and attract new customers aspiring to a healthier lifestyle. Our average store carries more than 32,000 natural and organic product SKUs, with some larger stores carrying up to 49,000 SKUs. Our sales mix reflects our unique offering, with approximately 30% of sales, outside of prepared foods and bakery, in organic products and 67% of sales in perishable foods. Our prepared foods and bakery departments also continue to be key differentiators, with combined sales increasing to $2.7 billion, or 19% of sales. In addition, our Exclusive Brands program, an integral component of our value and innovation platform, generated $1.8 billion in sales.

OUR BUSINESS MODEL CONTINUES TO BENEFIT ALL OF OUR STAKEHOLDERS.
Our more than 87,000 team members are the heart and soul of our company, and our "not-so-secret" ingredient. Last January, we were extremely pleased to be ranked once again on FORTUNE's list of the "100 Best Companies to Work for in America." To be one of only 13 companies ranked consecutively for 17 years validates our commitment to our Core Value of `Supporting Team Member Happiness and Excellence.' We created over 8,800 new jobs this past year, and continue to see low turnover and good morale as our team members embrace the advancement opportunities that our growth offers. Our support of and leadership in causes that are important to our communities have created a loyal core customer base aligned with our mission and Core Values. This year, our donations to charitable organizations once again well exceeded our goal of 5% of our after-tax profits. In addition, our foundations and Local Producer Loan Program continued to expand their good works. Whole Planet Foundation® has partnered with various microfinance institutions to facilitate $60 million in grants to 116 projects in 61 countries where we source products. Approximately 2,100 schools have received school garden grants and 3,500 have received salad bars through the Whole Kids FoundationTM and its partners. Whole Cities FoundationTM, founded this year, is dedicated to individual and community health through collaborative partnerships, education and broader access to nutritious food in underserved communities. Partnerships exist in New Orleans, Detroit, and Jackson, MS, with future projects planned in Englewood, IL and Newark, NJ. And, our Local Producer Loan Program has disbursed $14 million to nearly 200 local producers company-wide.

"WITH THE GROWING DEMAND FOR FRESH, HEALTHY FOODS, THE OFFERING OF NATURAL AND ORGANIC PRODUCTS IS EXPANDING EVERYWHERE. LOOKING AT THE BIG PICTURE, THIS AFFIRMS OUR MISSION AND REINFORCES OUR FUTURE GROWTH OPPORTUNITY."
When the first Whole Foods Market store opened in 1980, we had no idea that we would become the 7th largest public food retailer in the U.S., ranking #218 on the Fortune 500. Over seven million customers visit our stores each week with 1.7 million subscribing to our online newsletter and nine million connecting with us through social media. In 2005, it was a major milestone for us to report that we had six stores averaging $1 million in sales per week. We now have 60 stores exceeding that level, with several averaging $2 million. We crossed the 400-store mark this calendar year, expect to pass 500 stores in 2017, and over the longer term, see demand for 1,200 stores in the U.S. alone.

 ·Sales growth over 9%  ·Comparable store sales growth in the low to middle single digits  ·Square footage growth of 9%-10% based on 38-42 new stores, including five to six relocations  ·EBITDA margin of approximately 9%, and  ·ROIC greater than 14% We strongly believe investing in new stores will grow comps and result in healthy returns for our shareholders. Every new store is an opportunity to innovate, and with a record number of openings over the past several years, we are evolving and differentiating our shopping experience faster than ever before. We are very excited about the stores opening in 2015, which reflect a range of sizes from 20,000 to 60,000 square feet. We will be expanding into six new markets, such as Ottawa, Canada, while invigorating our brand with new flagships in some of our older markets including Houston, Boston and New York City. The fact that we've been able to successfully open stores in markets as diverse as Palm Desert, CA, to Tulsa, OK, to Toronto, Canada speaks to our flexibility and to the breadth and depth of our opportunity across the U.S. and the world. We are refreshing approximately 70% of stores over 10 years old. These refreshes will range in scale from décor updates, to adding or remodeling venues, to full-store remodels. With several projects already underway, we expect refreshed stores will see an immediate boost in sales, with the benefit to our overall comps more fully realized in fiscal year 2016 and beyond. We remain committed to the highest quality standards and to expanding our value offering. Our focus is on perishables where we see opportunities to broaden our selection of products at entry-level price points, increase promotions, and narrow price gaps on select known value items. We are running produce pricing experiments in several markets and, if results continue to be positive, we expect to expand our tests to more markets during the year. We are focused on improving and extending our customer experience and will be making additional technology investments this year. For example, we expect to introduce our new and robust Whole Foods Market mobile app to dramatically improve our customers' digital and mobile experience before, during and after visiting our stores. Our affinity (loyalty) pilot is underway, and we are pleased with the early results, which show high activation and registration rates and above-average basket sizes for participants. We are also continuing our efforts to unify our point of sale systems, as we move toward the ultimate goal of establishing a common platform for a seamless, channel-agnostic buying experience.

OUR TARGETS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015 ARE:

Walter Robb and John Mackey, co-CEOs of Whole Foods Market

We have successfully reduced operating expenses by 180 basis points over the last five years and are working to further improve our cost structure. In fiscal year 2015, we expect the biggest savings to come from internal distribution, coordinated purchasing and labor leverage. With the recent implementation of Workday, we transitioned a significant amount of paperwork and workflow to an efficient and productive online human resources management system, and we look forward to rolling out a labor-scheduling solution to our front-end store teams this year, which will be a big win for customers in terms of faster check out times. Our business model produces industry-leading sales per gross square foot, healthy returns on invested capital, and strong cash flow. We believe as we move forward with our strategic initiatives, continuing to innovate and evolve at a fast pace, we will see further market share gains and produce increasing returns on invested capital over the long term. We embrace our responsibility to nourish the health and well-being of people and the planet by being the authentic purveyor of food for the greater good. We look forward to you continuing on the journey with us. With deep appreciation to all of our stakeholders,

John Mackey, co-CEO

Walter Robb, co-CEO

