Leadership is the focus of our 2002 Annual Report. Of
course, leadership comes in many forms and we will detail
Winnebago Industries' many leadership qualities and their
benefit to our shareholders throughout this report.
We were extremely pleased with the record revenues
and earnings posted for Winnebago Industries during fiscal
2002.
The Company's revenues for fiscal 2002 (53 weeks)
were a record $828.4 million, a 22.6 percent increase com-
pared to revenues of $675.9 million for the previous fiscal
year (52 weeks).
Net income and diluted income per share for fiscal 2002
were a record $54.7 million, or $2.68 per share, increases of
28 percent and 32 percent, respectively, compared to net
income of $42.7 million and diluted income per share of
$2.03 for the previous fiscal year, which includes a $4.5
million one time tax benefit (or 21 cents per diluted share).
Definitely, a lot of hard work by our employees and our
dealers proved successful in a less than ideal economic
environment.
Starting in 1997, we challenged ourselves to be the most
profitable U.S. public company in the recreation vehicle
(RV) industry. We measure profitability by using four
guidelines: Return on Assets (ROA), Return on Equity
(ROE), Operating Income as a percent of revenues and Net
Income as a percent of revenues. We have highlighted these
statistics in our last two Annual Reports because of their
importance as a means to measure ourselves against our
competitors. Winnebago Industries and the other public
motor home manufacturers used in this analysis account for
approximately 75 percent of all U.S.Class A and C motor
home sales. The graphs shown demonstrate that we not only met our goal of being the most profitable public RV
company, but that we are leading the RV industry in prof-
itability by substantial margins.
Furthermore, Winnebago Industries has a strong bal-
ance sheet, no long-term debt and all recent expansions
have been paid for with available cash.
But this financial success was only a portion of
Winnebago Industries' achievements during fiscal 2002.
We are also the sales leader in the motor home market.
According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., an independent retail
reporting service, Winnebago Industries' retail market share
of the total U.S. Class A and C motor home market leads the
industry at 21.0 percent for the calendar year to date through
August, compared to 18.8 percent for the same period in
calendar 2001. This upward trend began in calendar year
1997 when Winnebago Industries' share of the Class A and
C retail market was 15.8 percent as of the end of the year.
Winnebago Industries believes that it also leads the
industry in RV manufacturing technology. By utilizing the
latest technology for the production of our motor homes we
are able to increase quality, while maximizing the produc-
tivity of our workforce and facilities.
An annual dealer satisfaction index (DSI) survey by the
Recreation Vehicle Dealers Association also shows that
Winnebago Industries is viewed by its dealers as the leader
in the RV industry. This DSI survey rates manufacturers
based on the quality of their sales, product, management and
service/warranty/support. Winnebago Industries was the
only public RV company to receive the award this year, and
has earned this recognition every year since the award's
inception in 1996.
The RV market and Winnebago Industries' long-term
future look bright. Demographics are in our favor as our
target market of consumers age 50 and older is expected to
increase for the next 30 years. In addition to growth due to
the aging of the baby boom generation, a study conducted
by the University of Michigan for the RV industry shows
that the age of people interested in purchasing RVs is also
expanding to include younger buyers under 35 years of age
as well as older buyers over age 75 who are staying healthy
and active much later in life. This study also shows an
increased interest in owning RVs by a larger percentage of
all U.S. households.
In the near term, the current low interest rates are very
favorable for continued growth of the RV market.
Approximately two-thirds of our customers finance their
motor home purchase, due to the tax incentive that allows
the deduction of interest on a mortgage loan as many motor homes qualify as a second home.
Depressed consumer confidence levels and a weak
economy continue to be challenges to the RV industry. In
spite of these issues, our market share gains and an overall
increase in interest in our motor homes required us to run
our factory on overtime from January through September of
2002 to meet demand for the Company's motor homes. In
order to continue to grow with the market, we are currently
building a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Charles
City, Iowa, to build Class C motor homes. This will there-
by enable us to increase our Class A motor home production
in Forest City. Motor home production in the new facility
is anticipated to begin by early 2003 with a ramp-up of pro-
duction throughout the remainder of fiscal 2003. This is the
largest expansion to date for Winnebago Industries and will
increase our capacity by approximately 30 percent. The
additional capacity will help us meet the expected increased
demand for our motor homes.
While the RV industry continues to be a very competi-
tive market, Winnebago Industries believes that it has the
leadership qualities necessary to continue to grow and
enhance our shareholder value well into the future.
Bruce D. Hertzke
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
November 25, 2002