Expanding Our Markets  We expanded our horizons with the purchase of SunnyBrook RV Inc. in December 2010. Now operating as Winnebago Industries Towables, this purchase has allowed us to re-enter the towable market for the first time since 1983. The acquisition of SunnyBrook is a great opportunity for us since their core values are very similar to Winnebago Industries', with emphasis placed on manufacturing high quality travel trailer and fifth wheel products. We have worked diligently since the acquisition to integrate systems, expand the distribution network, refresh and update the SunnyBrook brand fifth wheel and travel trailer product lines while also designing a new and innovative Winnebago brand towable product line. Industry Outlook  The Recreation Vehicle Industry Association`s economist, Dr. Richard Curtin, is expecting economic challenges to continue to stall the RV industry's recovery in the next year. While this is an indication that market conditions will not improve within the immediate future, we have proven ourselves as a worthy competitor, and will continue to manage our operations appropriately for any further challenges coming our way.  We benefit from what we believe is the highest brand recognition in the industry, a quality reputation, a strong balance sheet, available cash and no debt. While we certainly can't control the economy, we will continue to focus on new product development and potential diversification in order to plan for future growth for our employees, our dealer network, our suppliers and our shareholders.

Chairman of the Board Bob Olson (left) and CEO and President Randy Potts with SunnyBrook Raven fifth wheel and Itasca Reyo Class A diesel motor home.

To our Shareholders:
 Fiscal 2011 was a solid year of profitability. We saw improvement in nearly all aspects of our business. Most of this improvement was experienced in the first half of the fiscal year, with market conditions weaker in the third and fourth quarters. Fiscal 2011 Highlights  Net revenues for Fiscal 2011 were $496.4 million, an increase of 10% compared to net revenues of $449.5 million for Fiscal 2010. The revenue increase was a result of the increased average selling price (ASP) of our motor home products, as well as eight months of towable revenues in Fiscal 2011 as a result of our acquisition of SunnyBrook RV Inc. Motor home ASP's increased 6.7% year over year due to a more concentrated mix of higher-priced Class A diesel products. We have had success in gaining motor home market share in Fiscal 2011, particularly in the Class A diesel market with share of 17.9% for Fiscal 2011, compared to 13.2% for Fiscal 2010.  Operating income was $11.3 million for Fiscal 2011, significantly improved compared to $520,000 for Fiscal 2010, primarily due to our ability to operate a more consistent production schedule during the year.

Bob Olson Chairman of the Board 

Randy Potts Chief Executive Officer and President

