To Our Fellow Shareholders
The Competitive Edge The Competitive Edge was chosen as the theme for our 2006 Annual Shareholder Report because we believe it defines who we are at Winnebago Industries. We believe our products and sales and service programs to be innovative and of high quality ­ providing a Competitive Edge that sets us apart in the motor home industry. Profitability We are encouraged by our financial performance during fiscal 2006, particularly in light of challenging market conditions. While negative economic factors, including rising interest rates, record fuel prices and declining consumer confidence created a very challenging market for the RV industry, our profitability sets us apart from many of our competitors, providing a Competitive Edge. We remained solidly profitable with a record level of operating cash flow in fiscal 2006 of $113.3 million. Contributing to increased operating cash flow was the reduction in our inventories to $77.1 million compared to $120.7 million a year ago. There was a trend in the retail market during fiscal 2006 toward lower-priced products. Consequently, we have seen a marked shift in the mix of products sold in the retail market to Class C and lower-priced Class A products. As a result of both lower volume and the shift in mix to lower-priced products during fiscal 2006, there was a negative impact on our profit margins. As we have previously emphasized, our primary goal is profitability for our shareholders. We measure our profitability by using five guidelines: return on assets (ROA), return on equity (ROE), return on invested capital (ROIC), operating profit as a percent of sales and net income as a percent of sales; because of their importance as a means to measure our performance against that of our major competitors. Winnebago Industries and the other five public motor home manufacturers cited in this analysis account for over 70 percent of all Class A and C motor home sales. The graphs below illustrate that we continue to be a leader in profitability within the RV industry, while four of the six public companies have struggled in this challenging economic environment.

Return on Assets

Return of Equity

Return on Invested Capital

2

RV Industries Class A & C Retail Market Share
(Percent as reported by Statistical Surveys, Inc. for Calendar 2006/August.)

Winnebago Industries Class A Retail Market Share
(Percent as reported by Statistical Surveys, Inc. for Calendar 2006/August.)

Winnebago Industries Class C Retail Market Share
(Percent as reported by Statistical Surveys, Inc. for Calendar 2006/August.)

We were pleased to place in the top two in every profitability category during fiscal 2006. While we did not lead this year, this was due in part to the motor home market's challenging year compared to record sales in the towable market that were buoyed by the sales of trailers used as emergency living units following hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Enhancing Shareholder Value In recent years we have generated substantial cash from operations, which has enabled us to meet our working capital needs and make appropriate investments in capital expenditures. Excess cash flow not needed for operations has consistently been used to repurchase our shares and increase cash dividends to return profits to our shareholders. During fiscal 2006, we repurchased 1,977,000 shares of our stock for $57.8 million. This brought the total number of shares we have acquired to 23.8 million shares (adjusted for the 2-for-1 stock split effective March 5, 2004) of common stock since we began repurchasing stock in December 1997, for an aggregate cost of approximately $336.3 million. As of August 26, 2006, we had $22.2 million remaining on

the current share repurchase authorization. In addition to the repurchase of our stock, we continued to increase cash dividends. Cash dividends paid per share in fiscal 2006 were 36 cents a share, 260 percent higher than the dividend of ten cents a share in fiscal 2003. In June 2006, we announced our fourth consecutive increase in dividends in as many years, declaring a quarterly cash dividend of ten cents a share. Innovation Our 2007 model lineup, outlined elsewhere in this report, demonstrates our Competitive Edge in product innovation. We believe that we have the most comprehensive lineup of Class C motor homes in our history. Not only was the introduction last year of the fuel efficient Winnebago View® and Itasca Navion® particularly timely during a period of record breaking fuel prices, we also introduced a line of value-priced Class C motor homes for 2007. After being in the marketplace for one full model year, the View and Navion have helped us increase our market share to 25.1 percent of the Class C retail market for the first eight months of calendar 2006, compared to 19.3 percent

Operating Income
(Expressed as a percent of Net Revenues.)

Net Income
(Expressed as a percent of Net Revenues.)

Winnebago Industries, Inc. Thor Industries, Inc. Monaco Coach Corporation Coachmen Industries, Inc. Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc. National RV Holding, Inc.
Competitive comparison information obtained from last 12 months public filings. ROA, ROE and ROIC are based on average assets, average equity and average invested capital.

3

for the same period a year ago, according to Statistical Surveys, Inc., an independent retail reporting service. As mentioned earlier, we saw a movement in the retail motor home market during fiscal 2006 towards lower-priced products. At our Dealer Days event in June, we introduced the new value-priced Winnebago AccessTM and Itasca ImpulseTM Class C motor homes. We believe the Access and Impulse will give us further momentum in the Class C market going forward.

Outlook While we currently face a challenging motor home market, we continue to believe in the long-term growth opportunities for our business. Long-term demographic trends continue to favor motor home market growth as the baby-boom generation continues to enter the prime motor home buying age of 50 years old and older. The recent decline in fuel prices and the pause in interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve suggest more positive industry market conditions going forward. Should fuel prices remain lower than the record levels seen in the summer of 2006, interest rates continue to remain stable or decline and RV customer sentiment begins to rise; the motor home market may improve next spring. While we are subject to cyclical swings in the economy, we continue to focus on retaining a Competitive Edge in the marketplace through the introduction of innovative new products and sales and service programs and an emphasis on product quality. Long-term, we continue to believe in the growth of our industry and Winnebago Industries. We also believe these long-term growth prospects will provide abundant opportunities for our employees, dealers, suppliers, and for you, our shareholders, as we look into the future.

2007 Itasca Impulse 31C Quality We were judged by our dealers, as members of the Recreation Vehicle Dealers Association, as the best of our peer group for ten consecutive years in terms of the quality of our products, sales, management, service, warranty and support processes. We have a Competitive Edge as the only manufacturer to have received this Quality Circle award for Del Sanders, center, Chairman an entire decade. We of the RVDA Board of Directors, will continue to focus presents the 10th consecutive on providing the high- Quality Circle Award to Winest quality products and nebago Industries Chairman and programs to our dealer CEO Bruce Hertzke, at left, and partners and to retail Vice President Sales and Marketcustomers. ing Roger Martin, at right. Management We believe we also have a Competitive Edge in our experienced management team. With an average of 25 years experience with Winnebago Industries, management's depth of experience has allowed the Company to successfully manage through this industry market downturn, providing some of the best financial returns in the RV industry. 4

Bruce D. Hertzke Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer November 9, 2006

Edwin F. Barker President

