The Most Recognized Name In Motor Homes

Winnebago Chieftain 35U

To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Winnebago is more than a powerful brand name. Synonymous for motor home, the name Winnebago has come to symbolize freedom. The freedom to go where you want to go on your own terms and not at the whim of an airline schedule. Most important to you as an investor, is that it's the first brand that people associate with recreation vehicles (RVs). In fact, in recent brand familiarity studies the Winnebago brand name dominated the RV category with 90 percent awareness (versus 44 percent for the closest competitor). That perception results in unparalleled strength for all of our RV product lines today and solidifies our position for performance down the road. Winnebago Industries had continued success in fiscal 2000, completing our third consecutive year of record revenues. Revenues of $743.3 million for the year ended August 26, 2000, increased 11.3 percent over the previous record of $667.7 million for fiscal 1999. Net income for fiscal 2000 was also a record with $48.4 million, or $2.20 per diluted share, versus $44.3 million, or $ 1.96 per diluted share, for the previous year. Fiscal 2000 marked a continued growth trend in both Winnebago Industries' revenue and market share. This is certainly a tribute to our dedicated employees. Later in this report you will read how we have maintained our focus on product innovation with the introduction of new and exciting motor homes for 2001, while achieving some of the highest quality standards in the industry. The Company's focus on product development and quality have earned Winnebago Industries continued market share growth. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., the RV retail reporting firm, Winnebago Industries achieved approximately 17.2 percent of the Class A and C retail market nationally calendar year to date through September 2000. This is an increase in market share of 4.7 percent from the 16.4 percent market share achieved by Winnebago Industries for the same period last year. In volume, Winnebago Industries incurred a slight decrease of 1.1 percent for Class A and C motor homes retailed calendar year to date through September 2000, compared to a decrease of 5.5 percent in retail sales within the RV industry for the same period. Winnebago Industries was able to achieve record sales and earnings in fiscal 2000 despite the downturn in economic conditions experienced during the

3

The Most Recognized Name In Motor Homes

Competitive Comparison
(As reported by Global Truck Stock Monitor on November 3, 2000 with latest 12 months reported by manufacturer.)

Legend
WGO - Winnebago Industries, Inc. MNC - Monaco Coach Corp. THO - Thor Industries, Inc. NVH - National RV Holding, Inc. COA - Coachmen Industries, Inc. FLE - Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc.

Company's fourth quarter. We believe the reduction in wholesale activity is temporary, due to increased interest rates and fuel costs and stock market volatility, as well as our dealers' reduction in their motor home inventories and consequently, their flooring costs. Retail sales, although now lagging last year's record numbers, have remained steady with excellent traffic at recent recreation vehicle shows and on dealers' lots. Winnebago Industries' return on shareholders' equity (ROE) and return on assets (ROA) for the fiscal year was 27.7 percent and 15.7 percent, respectively. These are among some of the highest in the RV industry. To further enhance shareholder value, in March 2000, Winnebago Industries' Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $15 million of the Company's common stock. Since November 1997, Winnebago Industries has repurchased 4,801,000 shares, or 18.8 percent, of the Company's outstanding stock. Other investor relations initiatives include joining the National Association of Investors Corporation (NAIC) as a corporate member. NAIC is a non-profit organization that is made up of

investment clubs and individual investors. This provides the opportunity of exposure to NAIC's membership of over 635,000 investors. We feel Winnebago Industries is a good fit with NAIC's goal to inform and educate its members to become successful, long-term, lifetime investors through the frequent purchase of high quality growth stocks. Winnebago Industries was also pleased to accept an award for the Company's 1999 Annual Report as the "Best in the Industry" in the Manufactured Housing/RV division in the 2000 Nicholson Awards competition sponsored by NAIC. This award is especially meaningful to us since it is coming from a shareholder-based organization. Winnebago Industries announced a new dollarbased stock investment service for the Company's stock. The online purchase and reinvestment service is available through ShareBuilderTM from Netstock and can be accessed directly from Winnebago Industries' investor relations website at www.winnebagoind.com/investor_relations.htm. Offered as a service of ShareBuilder Securities, this program provides shareholders with the flexibility to invest for the long-term, providing the ability to purchase stock entirely online, to build their Winnebago

4

The Most Recognized Name In Motor Homes

Bruce D. Hertzke
Industries' investment over time by making automatic, recurring dollar-based investments. Winnebago Industries is not affiliated with Netstock and has no involvement in the relationship between Netstock and any of its customers. Other new investor relations enhancements to our Web Site include automatic email alerts for news releases and closing stock prices, cost basis calculator and answers to frequently asked questions. Printed materials such as the Annual Report and Form l0-K may also be requested through our Web Site. The Annual Report award was one of several we were honored to receive this year. I was also honored to be one of four people chosen as RV Business magazine's "Newsmaker of the Year" for l999. Individuals were chosen for this award on the merits of playing key roles in promoting the RV lifestyle. This was an important recognition, as Winnebago Industries strives for RV industry leadership. Winnebago Industries has a unique opportunity to enable us to capture an ever increasing share of what we believe will be a growing market for the next 30 years. The long-term outlook for motor home sales continues to appear very favorable. The population demographics are in the RV industry's favor. Twenty-seven percent of the U.S. population is now 50 years of age or older, the typical age of our motor home consumer. Approximately every seven seconds, one of 77 million baby boomers in the U.S. will reach the age of 50. This increases the number of people age 50 and over by 350,000 each month. Studies show that this increase will continue through the year 2030. Winnebago Industries has the facilities and creative energy necessary to grow, while our brand strength provides us the name recognition and reputation that will enable us to continue to capture an ever increasing segment of the RV market which we believe will continue to grow for the next 30 years.

Bruce D. Hertzke Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President November 22, 2000

5

