                                                                                                                    Chairman’s Message
Whirlpool 2014AR p 2 / 3
 2014 RESULTS
2014 was a milestone year for Whirlpool Corporation as we delivered record results, created strong shareholder value and built an exceptional platform for growth and margin expansion for 2015 and beyond.
• Record revenue of $19.9 billion
• Record EPS of $11.39 (ongoing business earnings per diluted share)
• Strong cash generation of $854 million (free cash flow)
During the year, we completed two very important acquisitions that contributed to our record results in 2014 and create an even larger platform for growth in the future. Our investments in our brands and products generated more than 70 new product launches that have set the stage for future years of margin expansion. We effectively managed through volatility and headwinds in emerging markets and continued our focus on driving benefits through ongoing cost productivity programs.
As a result, we created value for our shareholders
as our stock finished the year at an all-time high
in December and over the last three years, total shareholder return was 335 percent. We increased quarterly dividends on the company’s common stock by 20 percent and repurchased $25 million of shares under the current share repurchase program that has $475 million in authorized funds remaining.
NEW GLOBAL GROWTH PLATFORM
As we turn the page to 2015, we expect to be an even larger global branded consumer products company with substantial earnings and free cash flow growth. We have a fundamentally different platform for growth than we did a decade ago with four value creating regions, seven brands that generate more than $1 billion in revenue, truly global earnings diversification
and unprecedented global scale. We are now No.1 in North America, Europe, and Latin America, and the No.1 Western Company in Asia.
At our Investor Day in December, we laid out strong value creation targets through 2018 as we continue to grow our core appliance business, expand our adjacent businesses and drive acquisition cost synergies of nearly $400 million, resulting in:
• Growing revenues by more than 30%
• Doubling ongoing EPS to $22–$24 per diluted share • Doubling free cash flow to $1.3–$1.6 billion
MULTIPLE PATHS TO PROFITABLE GROWTH AND MARGIN EXPANSION
Our acquisitions provide us with outstanding opportunities for geographic growth and transformation in Europe and Asia, creating substantial sources of value creation and diversification of our earnings profile. Additionally, we have opportunities for growth as demand in the U.S. continues to recover and we are well positioned to capitalize when growth returns to emerging markets such as Brazil, China and India.
In 2014, we invested more than $700 million in capital expenditures and will continue accelerating our investments in relevant technologies and products that benefit our consumers. We are also driving revenue growth in areas that expand and extend beyond our core appliance business, and by leveraging our core infrastructure we will continue to grow in these higher margin categories.
We also have a significant opportunity to create value with what we believe is the best global cost structure in the industry. We will continue to drive ongoing cost
productivity programs, leverage a right-sized fixed cost structure with volume growth, and reduce complexity through high volume global platforms. As a result of these opportunities, we are expecting revenue growth and margin expansion in every region.
STRATEGIC ARCHITECTURE
These multiple opportunities for growth support our vision to be the best branded consumer products company in every home around the world. We leverage four strategic planks as we strive to create demand and earn trust with our consumers every day. The first two planks focus on “what” we do to fulfill that mission. First, we have to bring great product leadership to
the market every day, driving innovation in ways that matter to consumers. That’s our economic engine. Second, we have to continue to invest in our great brands that help us to create demand as each brand connects with our consumers in a unique way tailored toward their preferences.
In addition to understanding “what” we do, we must also focus on “how” we fulfill our mission. The third and fourth planks address just that. We drive operating excellence in every part of our business — from design and manufacturing to selling, shipping and servicing — as we implement the best practices from around the world to ensure we are getting better each and every day. And last, but probably most important, is people excellence. We invest in our people just as we invest in our products and have created a great global employee team. Operating with
   
                                                                                                                    20 15 10
5 0
$18.8
’13
$19.9 $1.0 0.5
$0.69
$0.85 1.0 0.5
REVENUE
$ IN BILLIONS
$20 $18.1
FREE CASH FLOW*
$ IN BILLIONS
$0.23
0 0.0
Whirlpool 2014AR
p 4 / 5
                  10
0
                             12 $12 10
8 66 4
2
ONGOING BUSINESS OPERATIONS DEBT/TOTAL CAPITAL** DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE*
$11.39 100%
100
’12
’14 ’12
’13
’14
 $10.02
$7.05
        5042.9%50
   36.0%
33.0%
                       0000 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’12 ’13 ’14
  VISION
The Best Branded Consumer Products ... in Every Home Around the World
VALUES
Respect
Integrity Diversity & Inclusion Teamwork Spirit of Winning
our core values under these four strategic planks is what differentiates Whirlpool Corporation as the best branded consumer products company.
2015 OUTLOOK
The global environment in which we operate continues to be volatile with emerging market challenges in China and Brazil, volatile demand in Russia and Eastern Europe, currency devaluation in key markets and changing raw materials costs. However, the key to
our success in this type of environment is a proactive management approach to delivering on our commitments while managing this volatility.
This approach includes a continual emphasis on cost productivity, restructuring programs that lower fixed costs, new product introductions that drive improved price-mix and, as appropriate, cost-based price increases to offset inflationary headwinds. By focusing on what we can control and meeting the challenges we face, Whirlpool can continue to thrive in these environments.
This year, we are focused on successfully integrating our businesses in Europe and Asia and fully leveraging our new, expanded global platform to create shareholder value. With continued investments in our brands and a very strong lineup of innovative products, both in our core appliances and in our adjacent businesses, we are well-positioned to
capitalize on improving demand trends. And we continue to drive benefits through ongoing cost productivity programs.
We are on track for another record year of business operating performance, we’re continuing to build a great global platform for future growth, and we’ll continue to balance funding for all aspects of our business to ensure the best long-term value creation for our shareholders.
Jeff M. Fettig
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
*Non-GAAP measure; see page 37 for reconciliation. **Total debt divided by debt and stockholders’ equity.
            MISSION Create Demand and Earn Trust Every Day
STRATEGY Product Leadership
Brand Leadership Operating Excellence People Excellence
STRONG FOUNDATION + GROWTH = LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION
   A
c
i
g
e
t
a
r
t
r
c
h
i
t
e
S
c
t
u
r
e

                                                                                                                                                      Geographic Expansion
#1
NORTH AMERICA
#1EMEA
Whirlpool Corporation is the #1 major appliance manufacturer in the world
7 brands each generate more than $1 billion
in annual sales*
Whirlpool Corporation is committed to providing the best branded consumer products to every home throughout the world. With two acquisitions in 2014, Whirlpool Corporation became more geographically diverse. In Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), the Indesit Company brought several new brands to Whirlpool Corporation — including Indesit and Hotpoint.** In Asia, we added Diqua and Royalstar brands as a result of the acquisition of Hefei Sanyo. We consider ourselves a global collection of small communities. We leverage our broad scale but rely on individual regions to personalize products to meet our consumers’ needs. It’s how we introduce exciting innovations again and again — more than 70 new product launches in 2014 alone — across all of our brands.
#1
LATIN AMERICA
#1 WESTERN COMPANY
IN ASIA
Whirlpool 2014AR
p 6 / 7
                                    *Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Embraco, Consul, Maytag, Brastemp, Indesit brands
**Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in EMEA and Asia Pacific region is not affiliated with Hotpoint brands sold in the Americas.
   
                                                                                                                       Message from the Vice Chairmen — A New Platform for Growth Chairman’s Message
W h i Wr l h p i o r l o p l o 2 o 0 l 2 1 0 4 1 A 4 R A R p 2 p 0 8 / / 2 1 9
  Marc R. Bitzer
Vice Chairman
GROWTH IN EMEA
Our innovative products, margin expansion and growth opportunities in the emerging Middle East, African and Eastern European countries position our Whirlpool EMEA business for ongoing value creation as the region’s economy recovers. We also have distinct advantages with the acquisition of the Indesit Company, allowing us to double our scale with minimal overlap. Indesit’s winning country, product and brand portfolio are extremely complementary to ours, helping us to increase our business — quickly.
We expect the integration to deliver at least $350 million in benefits by 2017. We will create synergies through procurement and our product and operating platforms, but our real opportunity is to increase our country coverage while offering complementary brands and products to consumers throughout the EMEA region.
Michael A. Todman
GROWTH IN ASIA
There are tremendous growth opportunities for Whirlpool Corporation in the Asia region, in particular in India and China. Our presence in India is already strong; therefore we are building on this by offering consumers at all economic levels new, innovative products that deliver to their needs and desires.
The acquisition of Hefei Sanyo allows us to quadruple our platform in China by bringing increased distribution, new manufacturing and service centers, and reaching more consumers in the market. We see the incredible opportunity in both markets because each has a growing middle-class population, many of whom are first-time buyers of appliances
Another key advantage of this acquisition is enhanced product leadership. Indesit has strength in combination washer/dryers, front-load washers, cooking ranges and a number of refrigerator platforms. Whirlpool is the leader in built-in cooking, microwave ovens, top-load washers, refrigeration and small appliances. When you combine these businesses and add our global product innovation abilities, you have a very strong product leadership story throughout Europe. We already have new product in the pipeline ready to launch.
In addition to product leadership, we also possess a well-rounded brand portfolio with KitchenAid and Scholtès brands in the super premium position, Hotpoint-Ariston, Whirlpool and Bauknecht brands in the mass premium segment, and Indesit as our value brand.
Geographic growth is another significant strength. We are now No.1 in five countries: Russia, United Kingdom, France, Italy and Poland. With these country positions and the increased distribution, we have the scale to further strengthen all our brands and expand each brand’s segment share.
In 2015, we will work through the integration in Europe, making progress on the synergies in procurement and operations, while taking advantage of our newly increased scale and enhanced product leadership. In addition, we will look to opportunities in Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East, where there is a large population with low appliance penetration. I am confident 2015 will be a year of significant growth throughout the region.
Marc R. Bitzer
Vice Chairman
Hefei Sanyo is a healthy company that has consistently delivered strong operating margins. They have produced primarily washers and recently added refrigerators and microwave ovens and are entering into other product categories. They have a strong manufacturing base with three factories and have ample capacity to enable growth. Hefei Sanyo has more than 30,000 distribution outlets across China in both rural areas and major cities, which is more than 10 times the outlets Whirlpool had previously. Their brands are known and trusted in China and are complementary to the Whirlpool brand, and since the acquisition we have already launched our first wave of new product offerings into the market.
Finally, yet very importantly, Hefei Sanyo has a proven strong and capable management team that is eager to be a part of the Whirlpool team. These strong attributes, coupled with Whirlpool’s global technology, global footprint and management experience creates a very strong platform for profitable growth in China.
We are excited about our potential for growth in Asia and in 2015 we will begin to take advantage of this opportunity. The addition of Hefei Sanyo, continued investments in product innovation, expansion into new categories, continued increase in the distribution of our products and brands while leveraging our global scale and product platforms, gives us confidence in our ability to grow in Asia.
Michael A. Todman
Vice Chairman
Vice Chairman
looking for new, innovative products that give them a better quality of life.
  Executive Committee
Jeff M. Fettig
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Larry M. Venturelli
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
João C. Brega
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Latin America
Joseph T. Liotine
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool North America
Esther Berrozpe Galindo
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Europe, Middle East and Africa
Marc R. Bitzer
Vice Chairman
David A. Binkley
Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources
David T. Szczupak
Executive Vice President, Global Product Organization
Michael A. Todman
Vice Chairman
Kirsten J. Hewitt
Senior Vice President,
Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
  Standing: Marc R. Bitzer, Larry M. Venturelli, David A. Binkley, João C. Brega, Michael A. Todman, Esther Berrozpe Galindo Seated: Kirsten J. Hewitt, Jeff M. Fettig, Joseph T. Liotine, David T. Szczupak
                                                                                              