  Chairman’s Letter
  > David R. Whitwam
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS – Whirlpool faced many challenges last year, and we responded appropriately and aggressively to the changing dynamics of world economies and the markets in which we participate. As a result, 2002 was an important year of milestones and accomplishments that reflect the strength of our operations and the company’s ability to deliver consistent, ongoing improvements in operating and revenue performance. For example:
> Net revenues exceeded $11 billion, a record for the company.
> Excluding one-time charges, full-year core earnings of $6.07 per diluted share marked a record level of performance for our operations.
> Through our strategic focus of building unmatched levels of customer loyalty for our brands globally, we extended our brand leadership position worldwide.
> Ourbrandssetarecordforthemostproductinnovations ever introduced by the company in a single year, reinforcing Whirlpool’s standing as the innovation leader within the appliance industry. Examples of these innovations are highlighted throughout this report.
> We successfully integrated two strategically important acquisitions during the year, and, in doing so, strengthened our manufacturing and brand positions in North America and Europe.
> Weidentifiedtheactivitiesandfinalizedthechargesof our most significant and important restructuring effort in the company’s history. When fully implemented, the restructuring will reduce ongoing structural costs by more than $200 million a year. Changes to date have already strengthened our global platform and improved our manufacturing cost position.
> Improvements in global procurement, technology, product development and manufacturing helped drive record levels of productivity savings.
> Our operations generated $290 million of free cash flow as company-wide efforts resulted in record low levels of working capital.
RECORD REVENUES
Revenue growth across most regions during the year led to record net sales of more than $11 billion and solidified Whirlpool’s position as the world’s top major appliance manufacturer and marketer. Contributing to the sales improvement was the continued growth of the Whirlpool brand – the No. 1 selling appliance brand in the world. Whirlpool Corporation is strongly positioned as the market leader in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Central Europe and India. The company also holds the No. 2 market position in Mexico, and the No. 3 spot in Western and Central Europe. Whirlpool also continues to build a strong and growing presence in China.
Throughout the year, our operations leveraged Whirlpool’s global capabilities and regional market positions to deliver the record revenue growth and extend our brand leadership.
RESTRUCTURING
We recorded final charges for the company’s global restructuring effort that we announced in December of 2000. Since then, the initiative has resulted in restructuring and related charges totaling $373 million, and the elimination of more than 7,000 positions worldwide. Much of the restructuring initiative focused on Whirlpool’s European operation. The initiative has created a more cost-effective global structure that is better aligned to support the company’s value creation strategies. When fully implemented, the corporate restructuring effort is expected to result in annualized savings of more than $200 million.
NET AND OPERATING RESULTS
A number of one-time charges contributed to a net loss of $5.68 per diluted share in 2002. The most significant of these charges related to the company’s adoption of the change in accounting principle pertaining to goodwill (Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142), final costs for the company’s global restructuring initiative and the write-off of aircraft-lease assets following the bankruptcy of UAL Corp.
Excluding these one-time charges, our operations delivered full-year record core operating earnings of $6.07 per diluted share, an 11-percent improvement from comparable earnings in 2001, which was a solid achievement that met our growth expectations. These results were driven by the combination of record sales, unprecedented levels of product innovation, significant cost savings from productivity improvements and the benefits from restructuring.
Details about the charges, their effect on 2002 net earnings, and the reconciliation of net earnings to non-GAAP core earnings are discussed in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of this report.
REGIONAL GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITION
Whirlpool bolstered its global position during the year through the acquisition of two strategic businesses in key markets. In Mexico, we completed the purchase of Vitromatic S.A. de C.V., which had been a joint venture between Whirlpool and Vitro S.A. since 1987. Vitromatic, now called Whirlpool Mexico, is a leading appliance manufacturer that gives us direct access to the fast- growing Mexican market. The acquisition extends our North American manufacturing base and provides additional export opportunities to countries in the Caribbean, Central America and northern parts of South America, as well as to the United States. In Central Europe, Whirlpool acquired Polar S.A., a leading appliance manufacturer with the No. 1 brand name in Poland. The acquisition of Polar improves our brand presence in Central Europe and provides Whirlpool Europe with a low-cost manufacturing source to serve the entire region.
RECORD PACE OF INNOVATION
Our brands introduced a record number of product innovations to consumers worldwide in 2002. The introductions contributed to our record sales results and helped drive higher levels of customer loyalty to our brands. Over the last three years, we have built and embedded within our global enterprise the skills and capabilities required to discover, develop and rapidly bring to market true innovation. These innovations are giving our brands a sustainable competitive advantage in the marketplace and creating value for our customers, trade partners and shareholders.
 14 Chairman’s Letter
2002 Annual Report 15

 BUILDING CUSTOMER LOYALTY
DIVERSE CUSTOMERS, EMPLOYEES AND IDEAS
Whirlpool’s growth strategy – “Building unmatched customer loyalty”– is unlike any other within the appliance industry. The strategy focuses on winning the hearts and minds of our customers. We know that loyal customers are recommending our brands to others; that they are requesting and repurchasing our brands over those of competitors; and that they are beginning to upgrade their appliances because they trust the innovation and value that our brands deliver. Initiatives that lead to higher levels of customer loyalty, such as our innovation process, result in improved revenue growth, margin expansion and trade support for our brands.
Because innovation is such an important driver of customer loyalty, we are expanding our efforts to transfer innovation capabilities and skills to employees everywhere. Approximately 600 innovation mentors and consultants assisted and trained employees involved in development projects last year, and the number will grow as our innovation efforts continue in 2003.
Another key aspect of customer loyalty involves the experiences that touch customers before, during and long after the initial purchase. Each of our brands is putting in place a complete set of experiences – including brand advertising, the in-store purchase, call center interactions and ongoing customer communications – that will help forge lifelong relationships with our customers.
Within our operations, every person and function has a role to play in building customer loyalty. For example, each operation is taking the company’s Six-Sigma quality improvement process to a higher level by first placing the needs of the customer at the center of every function – such as manufacturing, technology, marketing and administrative support – and then driving down all unnecessary costs. Resources that become available through this enterprise-wide effort are reinvested in new initiatives that are focused squarely on improving the brand experiences of our customers.
Ultimately, the success of the customer loyalty strategy depends on the leadership capabilities of our global management team, as well as the skills and involvement of our employees. We have instituted a process to assess and develop our leaders around a simple global leadership model that will help prepare them to lead in today’s complex and challenging environments.
Much of our customer loyalty strategy is built upon the same foundation that supports the company’s approach to diversity and inclusion. For example, understanding and embracing differences and ideas of customers and coworkers are essential first steps in our innovation process. Diversity within Whirlpool creates the originality and relevancy of ideas needed to solve unique problems. And because diverse employees reflect our global customer base, Whirlpool gains a keen understanding of our customers’ needs.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Embedded in our company, as well as our Board of Directors, is the deeply held value that continues to guide us: “There is no right way to do a wrong thing.” This basic code of conduct underlies the company’s long tradition of strong and independent corporate governance. For example, of Whirlpool’s 12-member board, ten are independent directors who are highly regarded business professionals with significant and relevant management experience. The Whirlpool board’s principles and processes – which include internal annual reviews of board practices, the board selection process and the company’s code of ethics – have been in place for many years.
Whirlpool fully supports the steps that have been taken by business and government to make sure that companies have the necessary values and governing principles that will assure trust from all stakeholders.
OUTLOOK
We enter 2003 with continuing economic uncertainty in most of the global markets we serve. We have taken the appropriate cost and productivity actions to deal with that uncertainty. We believe that Whirlpool’s global leadership position, the company’s unique global platform, and innovation activities focused on building customer loyalty will drive continued performance improvement in 2003 and beyond.
David R. Whitwam
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2003
  Financial Highlights
 millions of dollars, except per share data
Net sales
Core earnings, which excludes non-recurring items Per share on a diluted basis
Earnings from continuing operations Per share on a diluted basis
Net earnings (loss)
Per share on a diluted basis
Stockholders’ equity
Total assets
Return on equity *
Return on equity excluding non-recurring items Return on assets *
Return on assets excluding non-recurring items Book value per share
Dividends per share Average dividend yield
Share Price
High Low Close
Total return to shareholders (five year annualized)
Shares outstanding (in 000’s) Number of stockholders Number of employees
$
2002 2001
11,016 $ 10,343
% change
6.5% 13.2%
670.6%
(49.3)% (4.8)%
(50.2)%
(28.8)%
 $
$
420 6.07 262 3.78 (394) (5.68) 739 6,631
14.8% 27.4% 3.4% 6.1%
10.67
1.36 2.2%
79.80 39.23 52.22
1.4%
68,226 8,556 68,272
$
371 5.45 34 0.50 21 0.31 1,458 6,967
1.3% 22.2% 0.4% 5.6%
21.44 $
1.36 2.4%
74.20 45.88 73.33
12.2%
67,215 8,840 61,923
 Non-recurring items include cumulative effects of changes in accounting principle, discontinued operations, restructuring and related charges and product recall charges in 2002 and 2001 as well the write-off of asset impairments in 2002.
* Refer to Eleven-Year Consolidated Statistical Review (pages 72-73) for more information about return on equity and asset calculations.
16 Chairman’s Letter
2002 Annual Report 17

  President’s Message
Increasingly, we are leveraging resources from our global platform to expand our portfolio of innovative products for global export. For example, Whirlpool’s top-rated microwave hood combination ovens are designed at our technology facilities in Sweden, produced at our manufacturing facilities in China, and marketed and sold in the United States. Our operations in Brazil manufacture refrigerators with innovative features and designs that appeal to consumers worldwide. In 2002, the region exported these popular refrigerators to Europe, and, through the capabilities of our global product development process, transferred the platform to Whirlpool India. The enthusiastic consumer response to the 2002 introduction helped Whirlpool India claim the No. 1 refrigeration position in the country.
Whirlpool’s global platform provides our operations with resources and capabilities no other manufacturer can match. Whirlpool’s global procurement, product development and information technology organizations help our operations reduce costs, improve efficiencies and introduce a continuous stream of relevant innovation to consumers.
Our global procurement organization leverages the v o l u m e purchasing power of our worldwide operations to eliminate costs and redundancies across regions. Cross- regional teams of product development engineers collaborate on innovation initiatives for regional and global distribution. And our information technology organization provides Internet tools that cut the complexity and costs of doing business for Whirlpool and its trade partners.
We also use the global platform to transfer key innovations and processes across regions and brands. Perhaps the best example to date is the success of Whirlpool’s laundry innovations. In 2002, the Whirlpool Duet high-efficiency clothes washer and dryer pair was rolled out across the United States with consumer and trade partner response significantly outpacing capacity.
The popular Duet pair emerged from Whirlpool’s global product development process, and involved teams of employees representing technology, manufacturing and brand marketing from our U.S. and Europe operations. Encouraged by the popularity of the Duet washer with U.S. consumers, Whirlpool Europe introduced branded versions of its own late last year.
In the U.S., consumer demand for the Duet washer and dryer, as well as for earlier laundry innovations such as the Whirlpool Calypso clothes washer, helped create and expand the industry’s high-efficiency laundry segment. Whirlpool grew its share position in this premium end of the laundry segment by more than 70 percent in 2002.
We expect Whirlpool’s ongoing introductions of relevant laundry innovation, such as the Whirlpool Family Studio, will continue to capture the interest of consumers and generate profitable growth for the company and its shareholders. Whirlpool’s innovation process will continue to drive growth across all our product categories.
Part of the success of our brands and innovations is based on the ability of our global operations to execute the company’s global value-added trade and distribution strategies. In North America, for example, Whirlpool holds the No. 1 appliance position with the top national appliance retailers and buying groups. Our trade partners know the level of value and consumer appeal that is tied to Whirlpool’s innovation, as well as the importance of having trained salespeople who can effectively demonstrate that value to customers. Whirlpool innovation delivered to customers through value-added retail and distribution formats is a winning formula for Whirlpool and our trade partners.
As our operations work to align and leverage the resources of our global platform to meet the needs of our customers, Whirlpool’s brands will continue to introduce meaningful and relevant innovations and create new services in ways that create value. Throughout the regional business summaries that follow, you will see highlights of innovations and accomplishments from each of our regional operations in 2002. Achievements such as these are helping our operations to capture the attention of consumers world- wide, increase the support from our trade partners and create the unique customer experiences that are building unmatched levels of customer loyalty to our brands.
Jeff Fettig
President and Chief Operating Officer February 27, 2003
   > Jeff Fettig
President and Chief Operating Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS – Whirlpool’s regional operations used the leverage of our global platform to help drive record sales and a solid operating performance for the company. In addition to top-line growth generated by our brands through Whirlpool’s ongoing introduction of consumer-relevant innovation to the marketplace, our operations contributed savings from productivity and restructuring initiatives that helped improve the company’s operating performance.
In North America, our operations turned in an outstanding performance, highlighted by record sales and operating profit. Whirlpool’s operations in Europe showed solid improvement as well, as did Whirlpool Asia. And in context of the significant economic and industry challenges within Latin America last year, our operations there turned in a very strong performance.
To sustain the productivity savings that are being achieved by our operations, we have embedded our Operational Excellence process – based on Six-Sigma and lean manufacturing skills and capabilities – within each of our worldwide manufacturing facilities. Based on these capabilities, our operations turned in a record improvement in total cost productivity in 2002. A parallel process is being instituted across the entire enterprise in an effort to eliminate additional costs and to create as many resources as possible to invest in innovation that builds customer loyalty to our brands.
During the year, the company’s acquisitions in Mexico and Poland, as well as restructuring activities worldwide, strengthened the manufacturing and cost positions of our operations. Rationalization of manufacturing in each region coupled with the migration of certain global products to low-cost countries – such as China, India, Slovakia and Brazil – enabled our operations to compete effectively against emerging global competitors.
 18 President’s Message
2002 Annual Report 19
