Chairman’s Letter
2007 marked a year of significant progress and results at Whirlpool Corporation. In a very challenging global economic environment, we achieved record results. We delivered outstanding performance in our international businesses, generated record levels of innovation and completed the Maytag integration — achieving our initial cost-efficiency goals one year ahead of plan.
Today, Whirlpool Corporation has never been better positioned to succeed. We have an outstanding portfolio of brands, strong innovation, and the skills and talent to deliver sustainable growth and shareholder value.
Our focus now, and in the future, is on more than just creating great products. We’re focused on leveraging our worldwide network of resources, which is unmatched in the industry. We’re creating better, more innovative products that improve consumers’ lives — in and around the home — each and every day. And we’re committed to being an agile, global consumer products company that creates value through our brands and innovations.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.1

FISCAL 2007 RESULTS
During 2007, we successfully managed a difficult operating environment. We experienced the most challenging U.S. industry conditions in more than two decades, and we absorbed nearly $600 million in material and oil-related cost increases. Yet, we saw record performance in our international businesses, led by Latin America and Europe. And we continued to grow and deliver value-creating results. Our 2007 highlights were as follows:
Net sales increased 7 percent to a record $19.4 billion. Diluted earnings from continuing operations per share increased 28 percent to $8.10.
Cash flow from operations reached $927 million, and
we were able to reduce total debt levels from $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion.
The Maytag integration was completed, and we realized more than $400 million in efficiencies.
$502 million was returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
STRATEGY EXECUTION
We remain committed to our brand value creation
strategy — focusing on innovation, cost productivity, product quality and margin expansion. We continue to improve our global operating platform to ensure we are
the best-cost and best-quality appliance manufacturer worldwide. Our supply chain has been transformed to better deliver products to trade customers and consumers. And
we are seeing the benefits of these actions today through consolidated facilities, a stronger network, increased efficiencies and timely deliveries.
BRAND PLATFORM
Best Consumer Position
TRADE PLATFORM
Best Trade Position
GLOBAL OPERATING PLATFORM
        Best Cost, Quality and Delivery Position
 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.2

We align our products and services with the needs of our retail trade customers, builders and distributors. And we are committed to offering outstanding brands, consumer- relevant innovation and world-class service.
What truly distinguishes Whirlpool is our commitment to building strong brands and a loyal consumer base. We know that our strong and growing brands, fueled with innovation, attract and retain loyal customers for life.
As we continue to build and differentiate each of our brands around the world, we have focused on revitalizing our sales and marketing efforts. And in 2008, we will accelerate new product innovation globally. In the United States, we are increasing the size of our sales force and providing more resources — training, territory coverage and access to trade customers. Going forward, we will continue to drive cost productivity throughout the organization, further leveraging our global operating platform.
These efforts are designed to differentiate us within both the industry and the marketplace. Our strategy is working, and we are on target to deliver exceptional long-term results.
POSITIONED FOR GROWTH
Our growth opportunities remain abundant, and our results increasingly show that we are successfully growing our innovative consumer products and brands around the world. We are focused on expanding our business through international growth, innovation and expansion into adjacent businesses.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.3

  International Growth
We are seeing tremendous growth in emerging markets where product penetration levels, across most categories, are extremely low. Many of the larger emerging markets have produced double-digit growth in recent years.
During the last 10 years, we've developed a very strong consumer brand position in more established countries. And we continue to expand our brand portfolio across all product categories.
In 2007, for example, we introduced KitchenAid major appliances to the European marketplace to compete in the premium segment. This expansion presents a significant growth opportunity, moving us into a high-margin, fast- growing market segment — premium appliances.
In today’s global marketplace, we are positioning ourselves to be a company that is flexible and agile with boundless opportunities.
Innovation
Innovation not only attracts consumers to our brands,
it offers us a sustainable competitive advantage while commanding higher margins. In 2007, we generated more than $2.5 billion of worldwide revenue from new brand innovations — well exceeding our target for the year — and our robust pipeline of $4.5 billion will allow for continued growth over time.
 GROWTH IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS OVER LAST FOUR YEARS (REVENUE - USD IN MILLIONS)
GLOBAL AVERAGE
SELLING VALUE PER UNIT
IMPACT FROM INNOVATION AND PRODUCT MIX
9,000 8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
2004 2005 2006
10% $400
                          Europe
Latin America
Asia
Operating Margin %
2007
9% 8% 7% 6% 5% 4% 3% 2% 1% 0%
$375 $350 $325 $300 $275 $250 $225 $200
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
Since 2002, the average selling value per unit has increased at a compound rate of 6%
     CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.4

For a product to be considered innovative within Whirlpool, it must:
Deliver new and differentiated solutions to our consumers, Establish a sustainable competitive advantage, and
Create superior shareholder value.
The refrigeration category is one example of how we provide consumers with new and unique products that deliver significant value. Refrigerators own a valuable piece of real estate within the kitchen, and we’ve introduced new and better ways to utilize that space. The Whirlpool brand
in Europe introduced a refrigerator with an espresso coffee maker integrated into the door. In North America, the Whirlpool brand launched the centralpark connection refrigerator featuring a docking port that supplies power
to electronic devices, such as a digital photo frame. In Latin America, the Consul brand introduced a refrigerator featuring a dry-erase finish. A similar product was launched under the Amana brand in North America — just another instance of how we leverage our innovation globally.
Adjacent Businesses
Our strength in the core major appliance business has created opportunities to expand into adjacent businesses, such as water filtration products; kitchen cookware, cutlery and utensils; and garage storage systems. A recent example is our line of organizational accessories for the laundry room. We offer pedestals to raise the height of washing machines and dryers; laundry towers featuring oversized drawers, pull-out supply trays and retractable hanging rods; and work surfaces designed to go over the tops of washing machines and dryers, adding extra work space in the laundry room. The accessories are available in a variety of colors for every washer and dryer we sell.
This portion of our business is a rapidly growing, value- creating and integral part of Whirlpool Corporation becoming a global consumer products company.
   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.5

A GREAT COMPANY, AN EXCITING FUTURE
Whirlpool Corporation is a great company with an exciting future. We have the No. 1 global appliance brand, and we are leading in global market share. In the pages that follow, you will see how our global portfolio of brands is differentiated and positioned to meet the specific needs of consumers around the world; how we attract and retain the best talent through compelling opportunities unique to Whirlpool Corporation; and how we do business in a socially responsible manner.
We remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead, and we are focused on value-creating growth. Over the next several years, our brand portfolio will continue to shift toward faster-growing, higher-margin businesses. We remain committed to executing the strategy that has served us well. And we will continue to expand, develop and strengthen our global leadership team.
In closing, I would like to thank Whirlpool employees and investors. Whirlpool Corporation is better positioned to succeed than ever before. I look forward to reporting to you, this time next year, our continued accomplishments.
Sincerely,
Jeff M. Fettig
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER P.6
