 Chairman’s Letter / Whirlpool Corporation Thinking ... Delivering ... Delighting
 2005: Unprecedented Challenges ...
Unprecedented Success
During 2005, we achieved great progress in executing our strategy while successfully managing unprecedented levels of material and oil-related cost increases. Base metals, steel, resin and logistic costs all hit record highs. In total, our business absorbed more than $500 million in higher costs during 2005, after absorbing $300 million in the second half of 2004. We confronted this significant challenge by acceler- ating new product innovation to the market, increasing productivity and maintaining cost controls – all of which enabled Whirlpool to deliver a record year of results, highlighted by:
• Record revenues of $14.3 billion, up 8.3 percent
• Record $422 million net earnings, up 3.9 percent
• Record earnings per diluted share at $6.19, up from
$5.90 in 2004
• $881 million in cash provided by operating activities
• Debt-to-Capital ratio reduced from 46 to 40 percent
• Continued global growth of the Whirlpool brand ...
the number one selling appliance brand in the world
• Internal controls over financial reporting were again
assessed to be effective under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
• Our agreement to acquire Maytag Corporation, which
obtained subsequent Maytag shareholder approval
Our Brand-Value-Creation Strategy
The fundamentals of our strategy remain unchanged; the real story continues to be our progress in accelerating the execution of this strategy. The success of our global business is driven by our ability to truly understand and fulfill customer needs, develop highly-innovative branded solutions, effectively serve our trade customers and continuously improve productivity and quality. The major elements of our strategy are listed below:
 Brand and Customer Loyalty
• Customer Focus • Innovation • Brand Focus • Growth
 Best Customer Position
 Trade Management
• High Service Levels • Share of Business • Coverage • Cost to Serve
 Best Trade Position
 Global Operating Platform
• Total Cost Productivity • Working Capital • Quality • Fixed Asset Turnover
 Best Cost and Quality Position
2 Whirlpool Corporation
Building upon our combined capabilities and successfully executing each element of our strategy throughout the year enabled us to overcome the challenges of 2005 and deliver record results.
In 2005, Whirlpool Corporation continued to successfully execute our brand-value-creation strategy in one of the most challenging external environments seen in decades. Material
and oil-related costs increased to unprecedented levels. Our success within this environment was driven by consumer demand for a record number of new product innovations
launched throughout the year. Innovation, the attractiveness of our products, and our employees’ commitment to success enabled Whirlpool to deliver a record level of performance for our shareholders.

 Our strategy is to enrich the value of our products and brands. Customer loyalty is an important element of this approach, and Whirlpool innovation enables our people to create the products and services that delight our customers and grow shareholder value. — Jeff M. Fettig
Innovation ...
Driving Growth and Customer Loyalty
The success of our global business is driven by a spirit of creativity, passion and resourcefulness within all our people. Our strategy is to enrich the value of our products and brands. Customer loyalty is an important element of this approach, and Whirlpool innovation enables our people to create the products and services that delight our customers and grow shareholder value. Over the last six years, we’ve worked hard to make innovation a key capability across the organization, an enabler that sets us apart from others and a key factor in creating long-term value. This has been a massive transformation of our company and continues to be at the top of our priorities moving forward.
Staying the Course
In addition to distinguishing our global products and brands through innovation, we also continued our focus on achieving the best cost and highest quality products, and providing the best trade service in the industry.
We expanded our low-cost manufacturing capacity with the inauguration of a new cooking factory in Poland, and by constructing new refrigerator and washer plants
in Mexico.
Working broadly with our trade customers, we helped provide training for hundreds of their sales associates on how to introduce our innovations on showroom floors. We’re also making significant strides in the contract home-
We consistently invest in the support and development of our global innovation capability and product pipeline. We’ve now more than doubled our potential revenue from innovation from $1.3 billion in 2003 to $3.3 billion in 2005. We’ve achieved our goal of producing a pipeline with more than $3 billion in potential steady-state value to ensure continuous brand loyalty and revenue growth over time. And as a result, we successfully launched more than twice as many new products in 2005, and in half the time, compared to when we began our
innovation process six years ago.
builder channel, which remains an important entry way for us to launch our new innovation in the new home segment of the market.
Maytag Acquisition
During 2005, we announced an agreement to acquire Maytag Corporation, and Maytag shareholders gave their over- whelming approval before the end of the year. Successfully completing the acquisition, for which regulatory approval is pending, will allow us to accelerate the introduction of our innovation to a broader set of consumers through the Maytag portfolio of brands. It will enhance the efficiency of our business, and enable us to more effectively work with our trade customers to offer improved value to consumers.
Jeff M. Fettig,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Whirlpool Corporation
 Whirlpool Corporation 3

Looking Forward: 2006 Outlook
As we enter 2006, we expect an external environment com- parable to the one we successfully managed in 2005. On a global level, we expect unit demand to grow 2-to-3 percent, and material cost increases of up to $100 million – in addi- tion to the $800 million worth of increases we experienced over about the last year and a half.
Within this global operating environment, our people are focused on continuing to successfully execute our strategy to drive growth, and to improve revenues, earnings and cash flow. Our strategy has demonstrated its strength and ability to perform during 2005, and we are confident it will result in business growth and solid performance during 2006.
In 2005, Whirlpool Corporation was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, one of the world’s most comprehensive reviews of sustainable business practices. As a company, we have a long-term commitment to social responsibility, and it’s our people who personify our values and garner such recognition for our success in supporting the communities in which we live and work globally.
In Closing
We believe Whirlpool Corporation continues to be well positioned for future growth and success. We are pleased with our record performance in 2005 and have set our sights much higher in 2006 and beyond. Our differentiated brand-
 Helping Others in Need
In a year of unprecedented natural disasters – from the tsunami in late 2004, to massive hurricanes in the Gulf region of the U.S., and earthquakes in Pakistan, India and
Afghanistan – I’m proud to say that Whirlpool people
were often among the first to respond. Around the world, our people provided financial support, rebuilt homes, and donated products, food and clothing to the people impacted by those disasters.
During the year, we strengthened our ongoing support of Habitat for Humanity International. We were the lead sponsor of the 2005 Jimmy Carter Work Project (JCWP) in Michigan – where hundreds of Whirlpool people from more than 19 nations built more than 230 homes. We also announced plans to support every Habitat home built globally through 2011, with product donations, employee involvement, cash and home sponsorship.
value-creation strategy is continuing to demonstrate the great opportunities for Whirlpool. We continue to build the core competencies and operational capabilities that our employ- ees are using around the world to support the execution of our strategy. Going forward, as we saw in 2005, the com- mitment and dedication of Whirlpool employees will help enable our company to achieve success. Our focus remains on creating value for our shareholders, trade customers, consumers and employees. We look forward to delivering on that commitment in 2006.
Jeff M. Fettig
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 4 Whirlpool Corporation
Within this global operating environment, we are focused on continuing
to successfully execute our strategy to drive growth, and to improve revenues, earnings and cash flow. — Jeff M. Fettig
