TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
2010 was a pivotal year for Windstream. We took key steps to continue the transformation of what has been a traditional rural telephone company into a nextgeneration communications and technology solutions provider focused on growth. No one outside Windstream would have predicted that we could achieve this position when the company was formed back in 2006. Nonetheless, management and the board have aggressively pursued a vision to achieve this position, and the entire Windstream team has done a phenomenal job over the past four years of preparing the company for long-term success. We enter 2011 with great excitement about the future and a strong commitment to executing a strategy that will further set Windstream apart from its historical peers in the marketplace. Improving the company's revenue trajectory, optimizing its cost structure and pursuing a selective acquisition strategy are the pillars of that strategy. Together, they will enhance the long-term sustainability of both our cash flows and our dividend.

Financial Highlights
Prior to the transactions we completed in 2010, our revenue and OIBDA declines were in the mid to low single digits. The acquisitions, combined with our strategic focus and solid execution, are transforming the underlying growth characteristics of our business as evidenced by our 2010 pro-forma performance. For the year, Windstream generated revenue of $4.1 billion, a 2.2 percent decrease year over year, compared to a 5 percent decline in our 2009 heritage results. Adjusted OIBDA was $2.1 billion, which was flat year over year as a result of the improving revenue trends, the realization of roughly $55 million in deal synergies, and solid cost management efforts throughout the entire organization. Importantly, while the team was busy completing several integrations, we also achieved our revenue, Adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow goals in 2010. Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Windstream generated $818 million in adjusted free cash flow (OIBDA excluding merger and integration expense, cash interest, cash taxes, capital expenditures and cash pension contributions) for the year, a decrease of less than 1 percent year-over-year even with a $41 million cash contribution to the pension plan, and our dividend payout ratio was 57 percent for the year.

Operating Highlights
Operationally, our team did a fantastic job executing our organic business plan, resulting in industry leading performance. In the business channel, we focused on revenue and profitability, and, importantly, business revenues grew 2 percent during the fourth quarter. We added high-speed Internet customers and saw growth in sales of advanced data and integrated solutions, which was driven by strong results in our expanded business markets as well as growth in Ethernet Internet access sales. In the consumer channel, we continue to see growth in broadband units and complementary broadband features. This growth combined with our innovative Price for Life offering and expanded distribution is stabilizing the consumer channel, which is an important component of our strategy to improve our top-line trends.

Strategic Highlights
In 2010, we completed four targeted acquisitions that added well-running businesses to our portfolio and strengthened our focus on consumer broadband and business customers, which now represent approximately 60 percent of our revenue. With the acquisitions, Windstream now operates in 29 states and the District of Columbia with annual revenue and Adjusted OIBDA (operating income before depreciation and amortization excluding non-cash pension expense, stock compensation expense and restructuring charges) of $4.1 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively.

NuVox, Inc., a privately held competitive local exchange carrier, delivered approximately 104,000 data and integrated solutions connections in complementary markets in 16 states across the Southeast and Midwest, providing Windstream with expanded reach to focus on growing opportunities in the small and medium business markets. Iowa Telecom added approximately 247,000 access lines, 96,000 high-speed Internet customers and 25,000 digital TV customers in Iowa and Minnesota. The acquisition provided Windstream with increased scale and annual synergies of approximately $35 million in operating expenses and capital expenditure savings, as well as tax assets with an estimated net present value of approximately $130 million. In addition, we were pleased to welcome Iowa Telecom Chairman and CEO Alan Wells to the Windstream board of directors. The acquisition of Q-Comm Corporation's wholly owned subsidiaries Kentucky Data Link, Inc., (KDL), a fiber services provider in 22 states, and Norlight, Inc., a competitive local exchange services company added attractive businesses in highly complementary markets. KDL's contiguous fiber network spans nearly 30,000 fiber route miles, more than doubling our existing fiber and providing both network efficiencies and additional growth opportunities, particularly with wireless backhaul services. Our fourth acquisition, Hosted Solutions, further broadened our business portfolio with five best-in-class data centers offering managed services, cloud computing and co-location. Hosted's highly skilled management team has been given charge of Windstream's existing data centers and tasked with leveraging its expertise in delivering complex offerings to customers of various sizes. This acquisition meets an increasing demand for data center and managed hosting services from our current business clients, and Hosted's resources, combined with our expansive network, enable Windstream to act as an end-to-end communications and technology solutions provider. Also on the strategic front, Windstream was awarded more than $181 million in federal stimulus grants to extend our broadband network into unserved areas of rural America. Windstream will match these grants with $60 million of its own capital over the next two years. This investment will enable us to expand broadband availability to approximately 93 percent of our customers while enhancing broadband speeds in underserved areas, which should result in attractive growth opportunities given the pent-up demand in these areas. It's important to note that we will invest for growth in new projects for our business clients, including expanding data center services and success-based fiber initiatives that are tied to long-term contracts. All of these capital projects create growth opportunities and, in 2011, will qualify for 100 percent depreciation under federal tax law.

2011 Outlook
As we approach our fifth anniversary, Windstream is a very different company than we were when we spun off from Alltel Corp. While size alone has never been our goal, we have grown through a disciplined acquisition strategy and are a stronger company with much brighter prospects. Our business channel is broader and deeper than it has ever been, and we believe the company is positioned to capitalize on growth as customer needs increase. On the regulatory front, the Federal Communications Commission is moving to modernize and streamline its intercarrier compensation and universal service policies. Windstream has long supported reform, and we are pleased the FCC recognizes the importance of adopting forwardlooking reforms with sensible transitions and reasonable opportunities to recover revenues. Further, we are pleased by the FCC's intent to better target universal service funds so that existing networks continue to receive necessary support while new broadband facilities can be deployed in rural areas that otherwise would be uneconomic to serve. In 2011, we will focus on completing the integrations of Q-Comm and Hosted Solutions. We plan to invest capital for growth through successbased initiatives such as wireless backhaul service and data center expansions. With the stimulus grants, we will expand and enhance our broadband capabilities. These investments, along with our recent acquisitions and improving legacy performance, will create a path to realize revenue growth in the future. We will be mindful of strategic opportunities with a continued bias toward well-run companies that advance our strategy to grow revenue and free cash flow. Any strategic opportunities also will be assessed against our plan to reduce total leverage to historical levels. In conclusion, I want to thank the Windstream team for all its hard work in what truly was a transformative year. I also want to thank our stockholders for your confidence in this enterprise. We understand that we work for you, and we take great pride in building a company that creates value for our investors.

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2011

