A LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dear Shareholder: 2015 was a year of significant progress for Windstream, and I am pleased to report that we are successfully executing on a focused operational strategy. It has been a little over a year since I became the President and CEO of Windstream, and I grow more confident every day in our strategy. I am proud of all that the Windstream team accomplished during 2015, and three achievements in particular positioned us to take a big step forward in 2016 and beyond. First, we implemented a business unit structure with clear operational strategies for each segment. We aligned the organization by customer type to increase visibility and accountability for the results, which led to significant improved financial performance in 2015. For the year, we delivered steady, consistent results, demonstrated progress in our core business units and achieved our financial guidance. Second, we made meaningful advancements in our network capabilities. Notably, we upgraded our consumer and small business network to provide faster broadband speeds, which will allow us to gain market share and grow Consumer and SMB ILEC revenue. We also expanded our carrier network in strategic areas and improved the performance of the overall network. Third, we completed key strategic transactions, including the formation and spinoff of Communication Sales & Leasing Inc. (CSAL) and the sale of our data center business, using the proceeds from these transactions to reduce debt by approximately $3.5 billion and to reinvest in the business. We also returned significant value to our shareholders through both our dividend and a $75 million share repurchase program. As we look ahead, we are engaged in multiple initiatives to create value for our investors. We are executing a comprehensive strategy to stabilize and grow operating cash flow, and the business is performing well and generating improving results. We also are actively improving our debt profile to optimize our balance sheet and will further reduce debt when we monetize our CSAL shares. Collectively, these initiatives position Windstream well for the future and drive value for shareholders. Sincerely,

Anthony W. Thomas President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2016

