A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We are pleased to report Winn-Dixie delivered significantly improved financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 26, 2002. Having completed our restructuring program over the previous two years, we have shifted our focus to profitable growth. Winn-Dixie is committed to continued operational improvements and to being a premier grocery store operator. The financial results show that customers are noticing. Despite the current economic downturn, your company achieved year-to-year revenue and operating income improvements from continuing operations of 0.8% and 106.0%, respectively. At the same time, we continue to strengthen our financial position through debt reduction and asset management. We have a huge opportunity to run the best store in the neighborhood throughout the Sunbelt states and the Bahamas. Winn-Dixie now has in place the infrastructure and the team of associates to enable us to achieve our aspiration of becoming a world-class organization. The cornerstone of our approach is a "Servant Leadership" concept. The idea is that all our resources support the stores' efforts to better serve customers. Senior management must serve the needs of the division managers, who must meet the needs of the district managers, who serve the store managers, who serve the store associates who deliver First Class Service to the customer. We will be satisfied with nothing less than providing the best combination of quality, value-priced products, and the most friendly customer service, in the business. In the following pages, we would like to share with you the progress we made on the business plan we announced in last year's annual report, which is to: Be the best supermarket operator in the neighborhood; Provide the right products, excellent service and low prices; Run profitable stores targeted to our customers; and Maintain strong market share in growing markets. On behalf of the entire team of associates at Winn-Dixie, we promise total dedication to providing our customers the products they need at competitive prices, with top-notch service. This commitment is the key to long-term profitable growth for Winn-Dixie, our associates and our shareholders. In the words of our new branding campaign, that's "the real deal!"

Allen R. Rowland President and Chief Executive Officer

A. Dano Davis Chairman of the Board

2002 WINN-DIXIE

3

Brought to you by Global Reports

