Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 1998 Annual Report

our stores every day, seeing firsthand the continuing improvements we are making to stay at the forefront of the supermarket industry. Even as total industry retail space in the United States grew during the year, we maintained our strong leadership position among the major chains. As one sign of our commitment to one-stop shopping convenience, we opened our 639th pharmacy, making us the fastest-growing retail drug store operator in the country. We opened 84 new Winn-Dixie Marketplace stores during the year, enlarged or remodeled another 136 stores and closed 90 smaller stores. Our facilities today are truly the most up-to-date in the business. By the end of the year, we had 1,168 stores with retail space of more than 49.6 million square feet, an increase of 3.7 percent over 1997. We are excited about the quality of our new Winn-Dixie Marketplace stores, including the variety of products and services they offer to today's busy shoppers. Indeed, in 1998, we added a record total of 676 departments. To increase public awareness of this fact and to invite even more customers to shop with us, we have been promoting the theme "While You're At The Marketplace" in our communications to emphasize how much we offer under one roof. To help make sure we achieve our objectives, we have made a significant investment in technology and training. Shoppers at many Winn-Dixie Marketplace locations were given the option of self-checkout, just one of the technological advances we are making to continue offering a fast and pleasant shopping experience. And we are providing our associates with advanced training to ensure that they can continue to operate our new Winn-Dixie Markeplace stores in a way that enables our customers to have the best possible shopping experience when they visit us. At our corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida, we are taking additional steps to consolidate our office facilities into one building with the latest information and communications systems. We also moved to address Year 2000 computer issues well in advance, instead of waiting for the eve of the millennium. All of these milestones reflect our commitment to making sure that Winn-Dixie remains a premier supermarket of choice in the face of competition and changes in consumer preferences. In 1999, as part of that commitment, we plan to open 85 new stores and enlarge or remodel 90 existing stores. We want to thank our associates for their community involvement. Winn-Dixie in 1998 gave $12.8 million to support customer and associate efforts to improve their communities. This total included matching grants which doubled our associates' own donations of more than $2.0 million to civic and charitable organizations of their choice. With the dedication this year of the new Winn-Dixie Hope Lodge in Atlanta, Georgia, we now have three Hope Lodges (including Miami and Gainesville, Florida) giving cancer outpatients and a family member a home-like place to stay at no charge during treatment. We remain confident in our business approach, grateful for the customers we have the privilege of serving and are more enthusiastic than ever about the days ahead.

James Kufeldt President

