To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees, and Communities:

Like every company in America, we will remember 2009 as a year of economic turmoil. It was a year that presented many challenges and, at the same time, many opportunities.

2009 was certainly a busy year, as the fast-changing landscape of the economy demanded our intent focus on all fronts. But Waste Management is a company that embraces change. It's the way we work. So we did not hesitate to make the adjustments needed to navigate this environment. We tapped into our culture of discipline and resolve. We chose the paths that we expected would lead us to not merely survive, but thrive in the wake of a hard season. We made investments to pave the way for future growth. We pulled back in some areas, while forging ahead on a multitude of critical initiatives. We persevered through the challenges. And we emerged as a stronger, better company.

in our future growth. We did what we always do, keeping to our core principles and working our strategies. The main difference was that we were executing against the headwind of a poor economy. From the outset, we recognized that many of the factors impacting our business in 2009 were beyond our control-- such as recycling commodity prices, energy prices, and the recession-driven declines in industrial and landfill volumes across the board. This simply served to sharpen our focus on two key factors that are within our control: managing our costs and keeping a steady hand on our pricing leadership. One of the first actions we took toward reducing costs was

Maintaining financial strength. We are
proud to report that, despite the economic circumstances of 2009, our company performed well in many aspects.  We generated earnings per diluted share of $2.01.  We reduced our operating expenses by 14.5 percent.  We generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow, reflecting our continuing ability to maintain a strong balance sheet and manage our financial assets wisely.  We issued a total of $1.4 billion in senior notes during the year at very favorable rates, an indication of the strength of our balance sheet.  We returned $795 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We not only continued to pay dividends in a difficult year, but also increased the annual dividend for the sixth consecutive year. I can sum up in one sentence how we stayed strong in this financial climate: We kept our focus on operational excellence and pricing discipline, and we continued to invest

a reorganization of the company. In our field operations, we reduced the number of market areas from 45 to 25, creating more opportunity for the efficiencies of scale that larger market areas typically achieve. At the corporate level, we realigned the organizational framework to better service the newly structured field operations. The reorganization offered both immediate and far-reaching benefits. We quickly realized the advantages of managing a leaner, more responsive organization. We exceeded our goal of $120 million in annualized savings from the restructuring and, more importantly, positioned the company to reap the ongoing cost savings of a more streamlined, cost-efficient organization year after year.

We are looking at how we serve customers through a different lens. Instead of offering services that are based on the assets we have, we are studying the changing needs of customers and reshaping our services and our sales organization to better meet those needs. Our goal is to know more about our customers and how to service them than anyone else in the industry.

Leading with safety. One thing that we never
lose sight of is the importance of providing a safe and healthy environment for our employees, our customers and our communities. We are pleased that the challenges of the economic climate in 2009 did not overshadow our focus on safety, which continued to improve. We reduced our Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR), the number used by the In addition to companywide cost control measures, we held fast to our pricing strategies in 2009. Increasingly, customers are seeking the comprehensive waste and environmental solutions that Waste Management brings to the table, and they are willing to pay a fair price for the value and benefit we help bring to their businesses. Regardless of the economic climate, maintaining consistency in pricing helps us to maintain strength and position our company for sustainable growth. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) to track work-related injuries, to a record 3.1 for the year, a level that is significantly better than the industry average. Since 2000, our ongoing commitment to safety has resulted in a total reduction in workplace injuries of more than 85 percent. Safety will always be a cornerstone value of our company.

Pursuing our sustainability goals. Given
the difficult economic environment of 2009, it would have been easy to set aside the sustainability goals that we announced in 2007. But we didn't. These goals are critical to our future role as a company that not only manages waste, but increasingly manages resources. More and more, our customers look to us for solutions to a wide range of environmental needs. We are responding with new and different ways to help customers, governments and communities advance their own sustainability goals. Because of our scope of operations, large customer base, and strategically located assets, our company is uniquely positioned to manage the entire waste stream and to extract greater value from the material in the waste stream. We are actively investing in technology to capitalize on this long-term trend. We remain committed to our sustainability goals. And they will help drive improved performance and returns.

Developing customer-driven solutions.
Even through this demanding year, our focus on customer service did not waver. In fact, we accelerated the plans begun in 2008 to organize our sales organization around specific industry segments. By mid-2010, we expect to have sales teams trained to serve dedicated segments of our customer base, providing customers with a knowledgeable, resourceful, single point of contact at our company. Another way we are making it easier for customers to do business with us is through our call centers. We are refining our call management process so that a customer's call is answered and handled by one company representative who is trained to coordinate the resolution of any inquiry. This saves time, eliminates transfers to different departments, and provides a better customer experience.

Generate more renewable energy from waste. We use
waste to generate energy in two ways. One is found at our landfills, where landfill-gas-to-energy plants convert a naturally occurring resource in landfills--methane--into a source of renewable power. By the end of 2009, Waste Management had 119 landfill-gas-to-energy projects producing 540 megawatts of power, the equivalent of powering approximately 400,000 homes.

In addition, our wholly owned subsidiary Wheelabrator Technologies owns or operates 16 waste-to-energy plants and five independent power production facilities in the U.S. that generate enough energy to power over 900,000 homes. Despite the fact that our waste-to-energy revenue was impacted in 2009 by the decline in electricity sales prices, the business of creating energy from waste is dynamic and fast-growing. During the year, we were selected as the preferred vendor for two Maryland counties with new waste-to-energy facilities. We won a successful bid to acquire a waste-to-energy facility in Virginia. We began pursuing joint venture and operating opportunities in Europe, and we executed an agreement to purchase an interest in a joint venture with Shanghai Environment Group to pursue growth opportunities in China's fast-growing waste-toenergy market. Waste Management uses waste to create enough energy to power more than 1 million homes every year. By 2020, we expect to double that output, creating enough energy to power more than 2 million homes. continue to invest in recycling technologies for the future, such as converting roof shingles into an asphalt product, now being piloted in Texas. The good news is that recycling commodity prices rallied steadily throughout 2009 and are expected to stabilize in 2010. As North America's largest recycler, Waste Management managed more than 7 million tons of recyclable commodities in 2009. By the year 2020, we expect to increase the amount of materials we manage to more than 20 million tons per year.

Invest in green technology. Because we have one of the
nation's largest fleets of heavy duty vehicles, we are in a position to work closely with suppliers on new technologies that will lower emissions and increase efficiencies. We are doing this. At the same time, we're also using existing technologies to make our fleet more green. At the end of 2009, we had more than 800 natural gas-powered trucks in our fleet, with plans to add 200 more in 2010. We're testing parallel hybrid trucks in Texas, and in 2009 we put one on the road in Pennsylvania for a one-year test. During the year,

Increase recycling. The 2009 economy was hard on
the recycling industry, as prices for the sale of recycled commodities plunged. It was tough for everyone in the recycling business, and many smaller companies went out of business. Still, our commitment to recycling remains strong. We have taken steps to modify our customer pricing structure to cushion against future volatility in commodities markets. We continue to invest in single-stream plants, which help increase recycling by giving customers the convenience of mixing all recyclables in one bin. And we

we also used technology to reduce the fuel burn of every truck in our fleet. When fully implemented, this is expected to save 9 million gallons of fuel per year. And that's not all. Through a joint venture with the Linde Group, we built a plant that converts landfill gas into liquefied natural gas for use as fuel in our trucks. The facility is currently producing 13,000 gallons per day. At our Oklahoma City landfill, we are working on a similar project to convert landfill gas into diesel fuel. We also invested in a company that is developing the technology to convert organic wastes into high-octane transportation fuel, as well

price of electricity at some of our waste-to-energy and landfill-gas-to-energy plants, continued to improve and matched prior-year prices at the end of 2009. We remain committed to our goals of growing earnings, expanding our operating margins, increasing returns on invested capital, generating strong free cash flow and returning cash to our shareholders. Our Board of Directors announced an 8.6 percent increase in the dividend for 2010 and also approved a capital allocation plan that authorizes up to $1.3 billion to be returned to shareholders. This demonstrates continuing confidence in our ability to as another joint venture to develop plasma gasification technology that processes wastes from various sources into a range of environmentally beneficial fuels. We are excited about the promise that technology holds for the future of the environment and for the growth of our business. Over the next 10 years, we plan to reduce emissions and increase efficiency of our fleet by 15 percent. Our focus remains steadfastly on continuing to lead the We expect to remember 2009 not as a year of economic woes, but as a year in which we worked hard to make Waste Management a stronger company--and succeeded. When the economy turns, the discipline that we have put in place during this time will be a great springboard for growth. maintain a strong financial foothold.

Protect nature's habitats. At Waste Management landfills
across North America, we have set aside thousands of acres of our land as wildlife habitats. One of our sustainability goals is to quadruple the number of our habitats--from 25 sites in 2007 to 100 by the year 2020-- that are certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC). At the end of 2009, we were more than halfway to this goal, with a total of 73 WHC-certified sites. We also set a goal to have 25,000 acres dedicated solely to nature preservation by 2020, and we have nearly reached that goal: at year-end, we had 24,000 protected acres. By the year 2020, our goal is to preserve 25,000 acres and have 100 of our wildlife habitats certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council.

industry in our core businesses of collection and disposal, while also charting the course for the future management of waste by extracting greater value from the wide range of materials that make up the waste stream. Our customers are counting on us to develop and deliver waste solutions that are good for business and good for the planet. And we are. Thank you for helping us to succeed. Sincerely,

Positioning for opportunity and growth.
While we know the economic challenges of 2009 will continue into the coming year, we also know that we are a stronger company, better equipped than ever before to weather the downturn and come out in a position of unique competitive advantage. We are encouraged by the signs we saw in the fourth quarter of 2009, pointing toward a better year in 2010. Recycling commodity prices have increased every month, almost doubling since January 2009, and they continue to trend upward. Natural gas markets, which affect the sales David P. Steiner Chief Executive Officer

