To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees and Communities:
For Waste Management, 2013 was a year we were keenly focused on strengthening the fundamentals of our business while continuing to meet the evolving needs of our customers. After enduring two challenging years and completing a business restructuring in 2012, we elevated our performance in 2013 through David P. Steiner yield improvement, capital President and CEO management, greater efficiency, and diligent cost control. At the same time, we continued to invest wisely in solutions to help our customers achieve their waste management goals. Through the hard work and commitment of our more than 42,700 employees, Waste Management delivered solid financial results in 2013, while maintaining our industry leadership role in preparing for the future. We continued to execute our transformation strategy: to know and serve our customers better than anyone in our industry, to extract more value from the materials we manage, and to innovate and optimize our business.

OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENTS PRODUCE RESULTS
Waste Management continued its operational transformation through process changes and technological advances including installation of on-board computers on our trucks, centralized dispatch and centralized routing. We began to certify hauling operations that demonstrate the high standards of a worldclass logistics company, with certified sites delivering fourpercent average cost savings in their operations. We also piloted a companion program to improve performance in our maintenance operations through standardized processes, coaching, accountability, continuous improvement and performance management. Truck dispatch operations are now consolidated in most geographic areas. Dispatchers and routers are using enhanced technology and standardized processes, enabling us to be more efficient when sending trucks to our customers. And, we are rerouting trucks using a new process that teams centralized logistics engineers with managers and drivers to improve route efficiency. In our post-collection locations, we are focused on reducing costs such as heavy equipment maintenance and leachate controls, but never losing our focus on safe and compliant operations.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2013, we reported revenues of $13.98 billion compared with $13.65 billion for 2012, a 2.4 percent increase. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were $2.15(a); net cash from operating activities was $2.46 billion; capital expenditures were $1.27 billion; and free cash flow was $1.32 billion(b). We returned $922 million to shareholders through dividend and common stock repurchases in 2013. In early 2014, the board of directors announced its intention to increase the planned quarterly dividend in 2014 by $0.04 to $1.50 on an annual basis. This marks the eleventh consecutive year that we have raised our dividend. The board also authorized up to $600 million in share repurchases. Future share repurchases will be made at the discretion of management and will depend on a number of factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans and other factors deemed relevant. We expect to continue to use our free cash to pay our dividend, repurchase shares, reduce debt, and make acquisitions in our traditional solid waste business.

Our efforts to lower selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses produced very encouraging results for the year. In 2013, SG&A costs were our lowest in nearly a decade. We also took a major step to improve safety by completing installation of event recorders in 16,900 of our U.S. trucks. These devices are proving instrumental in helping reduce incident severity and providing a platform to reduce fuel costs by coaching drivers on proper operation.

(a) See last page of this 2013 Annual Report for a discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure. (b) See page 36 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K (enclosed herein) for a discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure. This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please see page 17 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K (enclosed herein) for further information

The conversion of our heavy-duty collection fleet to compressed natural gas (CNG) fuel continued in 2013. Ninety-four percent of the trucks we purchased during the year operate on CNG, expanding the largest fleet of its kind in the waste industry. Every truck we replace with natural gas reduces our diesel fuel use by an average of 8,000 gallons per year and pertruck greenhouse gas emissions by 21 percent, while reducing maintenance costs. Today we have more than 3,000 natural gas trucks on the road and have exceeded our 2020 sustainability goal of lowering our fleet emissions by 15 percent. Build out of CNG fueling stations continued through the year and we now have 57 stations operating in 22 states and two Canadian provinces. Eighteen of the stations serve the public or third parties as well as our fleet. In addition to surpassing our target for fleet emission reduction, we have exceeded our 2020 sustainability goals for acreage protection and creation of certified wildlife habitat sites. We continue to pursue our goals for managing recyclables tonnage and producing waste-based energy. We continue to look for ways to make it easy for our customers to do business with us. Our main website, wm.com, hosts some 1.5 million visits per month and generates significant

TAILORED SOLUTIONS MEET CUSTOMER NEEDS
Conducting business in an environmentally sustainable manner is a growing priority across industries and throughout public institutions. Waste Management is helping customers implement strategies to increase waste diversion rates and manage diversion programs. We provide sustainability expertise and project management in the United States and Canada through our Waste Management Sustainability Services network of environmental professionals. Our services help our customers realize their environmental goals by recommending business practices to reduce waste, save energy and provide a "next life" for material they no longer need. Our consultants also advise customers on strategies to design better products through intelligent material choice. The benefits of pursuing a sustainability agenda are apparent at Renaissance Center in Dearborn, Mich., the headquarters of General Motors. Working with Waste Management and other partners, GM expects to divert each year approximately five million pounds of waste generated by the massive six-tower complex containing businesses, a hotel, restaurants, and retailers. The hydrocarbon exploration and production industry is among a number of industries capturing the benefits of sustainable operation. Our Waste Management Energy Service line of business provides single-source environmental management services to the oil and gas industry, including pad services, industrial cleaning, transportation, storage, recycling, liquid and solid waste treatment and disposal processes. In 2013, we acquired two North Dakota energy services companies, Summit Energy Services and Liquid Logistics. These acquisitions greatly enhance our environmental service offerings to oil and gas industry customers operating in the prolific Bakken Shale formation, one of the largest U.S. oil and gas fields. Waste Management's Think Green® Campus Model continues to expand its services to forward-thinking universities and colleges seeking to make the most of their waste. Our sustainability professionals work with campuses to improve waste reduction and resource recovery, analyze carbon footprints, and create road maps for achieving green goals. The 2013 Waste Management Phoenix Open powerfully demonstrated the potential for sustainable operation by diverting 100 percent of tournament waste away from landfills and into recycling and composting facilities. Total diversion was a goal of the Zero Waste Challenge, a tournament initiative to control materials brought into the event and educate vendors and patrons about proper disposal of materials. The tournament was the first PGA Tour event to earn Gold Certification from the Council for Responsible Sport for socially and environmentally responsible planning and execution.

online sales revenue. The site is also evolving as a customer tool for billing, scheduling and general account management. Functionality added to the site enables customers to check the status of their pickups, schedule roll-off container pickups, and check collection schedules. We also launched an account management app, WM Mobile, to give customers easy access to their accounts using a smartphone or tablet.

enough to power more than 1.1 million homes. We produced as much electricity as the nation's utility solar industry, according to U.S. Department of Energy data. In 2013, we brought three new landfill-gas-to-energy facilities on line. We now have 137 plants in operation, which collectively generate 683 megawatts of power annually. Our Wheelabrator Technologies subsidiary operates 17 plants that use waste as a clean-burning, renewable fuel to generate electricity for nearby communities. These plants had a power generating capacity of 669 megawatts in 2013. In addition, Wheelabrator operates four independent power plants that convert a variety of fuels and waste materials into power. Wheelabrator is working with partners to build, operate and provide technical support for new waste-to-energy plants overseas ­ in the United Kingdom, Poland and China ­ and continues to move forward with developing waste-to-energy projects in the United States and Canada.

The event also received the "Zero Waste to Landfill" claim validation from UL Environment, a business unit of UL (Underwriters Laboratories), which provides companies with third-party verification of environmental claims. In 2013, we also assisted customers in validating their attainment of zero waste milestones established by the UL Environment program. We further expanded our sustainability leadership during the year through a unique collaboration with globally recognized designer, sustainable growth pioneer and preeminent voice for the power of ecologically intelligent design, William McDonough. The initiative aims to foster and guide future product and packaging design innovation "up from the dumpster" among industry-leading companies. The collaboration focuses on directly serving producers, manufacturers, retailers and suppliers of packaged goods and products as they strive to advance their sustainability objectives and results.

Schools Share Sustainability Stories
Arizona State University and the University of Notre Dame are avid advocates of Waste Management's Think Green® Campus Model. The schools' enthusiasm for sustainability was evident in 2013 when they participated in a Waste Management-sponsored webinar for educators. The schools' representatives discussed how they are using sustainability to build their brands and compete for students and resources. ASU has developed a zero-waste road map for its full campus and made substantial investment in environmental projects, including energy conservation, waste diversion, recycling and solar energy. At Notre Dame, sustainable practices are reducing emissions by more than a third, while initiatives including single-stream recycling are diverting more than 40 percent of materials from landfill disposal.

INNOVATIONS CAPTURE VALUE FROM WASTE
Virtually every form of waste can have a second act. Waste Management continues to be a leader in developing technologies and processes to repurpose the broad range of materials we handle for our customers. At the same time, we, like the rest of our industry, are subject to the market forces that influence demand for the materials we collect, including cardboard and paper, glass and plastic, industrial and hazardous waste, and food. In 2013, we identified and took steps we believe are needed to maintain an acceptable return on our investments in extracting waste's value. Renewable Energy Solutions Landfill gas and waste are energy sources for generating electricity, producing renewable gas, and replacing fossil fuel for homes, industries and vehicles. Waste Management produced approximately 1,400 megawatts of energy in 2013,

customers, as well as gain flexibility to adjust process charges when unrecyclable material in inbound recycling streams from customers affect our costs. Over time, having more contracts that contain these protections will help our recycling business return to a more stable income producer that consistently earns a fair return on capital. We are also working to reduce contamination in our inbound material by implementing new processes and controls at recycling facilities to remove unwanted items. And, we continue to educate customers concerning the proper materials to place in their recycling bins through our Recycle Often. Recycle Right. SM program. Organic waste Waste Management works with customers and partners to develop ways to use organic waste for products such as soil amendments, organic fertilizers and renewable energy. We use proven technologies such as composting to process organics into higher-value materials. In late 2013, the New York City Department of Environmental Protection announced a partnership with Waste Management to reduce the amount of organic waste sent to landfills. In the borough of Brooklyn, we have begun delivering preprocessed organic food waste to a local wastewater treatment plant, where it is added to wastewater sludge to increase biogas production. The city is also partnering with National Grid, an international electricity and gas company, to then convert the biogas byproduct into renewable natural gas.

Recycle Often. Recycle Right.SM
One of the most pressing challenges facing the recycling business is contamination from non-recyclable items such as plastic bags, liquids and food that end up in collection bins. Placing items that are not recyclable in recycling bins slows down the recycling process and increases the cost of recycling for everyone. It is increasingly important, especially in light of China's Operation Green Fence, to provide an end product for commodity markets that is high in recyclable material and low in contamination. Waste Management's Recycle Often. Recycle Right. SM campaign, launched in 2013, aims to educate customers on proper recycling techniques through fun, creative experiences for communities across North America.

THE FUTURE OF WASTE COMES INTO FOCUS
All of us have a stake in the safe, efficient and economical handling of waste. For communities and individuals, sound waste management is essential to quality of life. For businesses, being smart about waste is a key to operating responsibly, achieving sustainability goals, and capturing the value waste offers. Waste Management has established a solid foundation for the future built on yield, cost control, customer service, and safe and efficient operation. We will continue to apply the pricing and expense discipline that drove our strong performance in 2013, while judiciously applying technology to strengthen our operations and explore new growth avenues. Sincerely,

Recycling For two consecutive years our recycling operations have faced low commodity prices and higher operating expenses. In 2013, customer and regulatory requirements, notably China's Operation Green Fence, required the recycling industry to improve the quality of the commodities we produce, thereby increasing our costs to reduce material contamination in our recycling operations. In addition, recycling commodity prices were down in 2013 from 2012, contributing to earnings shortfalls in our recycling business. We are taking several steps to increase earnings from recycling, reduce the effects of demand volatility, and earn an acceptable return on our recycling business investment. These efforts include reworking recycling contracts so that we capture our operating costs and then share the remaining revenue with our

David P. Steiner President and Chief Executive Officer

