"Our entire team is aligned, energized and focused on delivering value to our stockholders and continuing to deliver our industry-recognized customer service."

President and Chief Executive Officer Alan Armstrong

Dear Fellow Williams Stockholders,
I want to begin by acknowledging this report is being shared with you later in the calendar year than normal as a result of the termination of Williams' proposed merger with Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. While much investor and financial media attention in 2015 was directed toward the proposed transaction with Energy Transfer, I'm pleased to say that our employees remained focused and have delivered solid performance on behalf of our stockholders. This performance, which occurred in an energy market with considerable headwinds, further confirmed that our natural gas-focused strategy was on the mark as we continued to increase our fee-based revenues across the enterprise. In fact, from 2011 to 2015 Williams Partners' feebased revenues increased over $2.6 billion while natural gas liquids (NGL) margins declined 85 percent over the same period. In 2016, we expect over 93 percent of our gross margin to be derived from fee-based revenues. Looking forward, we expect even more predictable fee-based revenues as the majority of our growth capital is being invested in fully-contracted natural gas transportation projects. In 2015, our teams safely and successfully placed several demanddriven pipeline projects into service to connect low cost natural gas supplies to growing demand markets. And even with reduced producer activities in supply areas, gathered volumes grew across Williams Partners' natural gas gathering and processing operations in the Northeast and remained stable in the West. In mid-2015 we began working with Chesapeake Energy (NYSE: CHK) to find win-win solutions for both companies and entered into new contracts in the Utica, Haynesville and Mid-Continent. Recently, we also announced an expected new agreement with Chesapeake's successor in the Barnett. Our accomplishments in 2015 did not go unnoticed. Williams was named Fortune Magazine's Number One Most Admired U.S. Energy Company. Additionally, Williams was awarded the Platts 2015 Global Energy Award for its industry leadership in the midstream sector. The award recognized Williams for executing on its strategy to connect the best natural gas supplies to the best markets while also breaking new ground in technology, operational excellence and methane emission research. As Williams moves forward, we are taking decisive actions to position the company for future growth. These actions include the appointment of new, independent energy industry veterans to the Board of Directors as well as measures to strengthen our financial position to invest in future growth. Notably, we completed the sale of our Canadian businesses in the third quarter of 2016. Our entire team is aligned, energized and focused on delivering value to our stockholders and continuing to deliver our industry-recognized customer service. In fact, we recently announced organizational changes that will simplify our structure and increase direct operational alignment to advance the Company's proven, natural gas-focused strategy and drive continued focus on execution. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees across the United States, thank you for your continued trust in Williams. Sincerely,

Alan Armstrong President and Chief Executive Officer October 19, 2016

2015 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

1

