Shareholder Letter

Fellow shareholders, Let me begin by saying that I'm very pleased with the company's performance in what we knew was going to be a very difficult year. As 2009 began, we were in the midst of the most significant economic recession in a generation. As a result of the broad economic slowdown, energy commodity prices were driven dramatically lower across the board. In some cases, energy prices fell as much as 70-80 percent from their high points in mid-2008.
Much lower natural gas and natural gas liquid (NGL) prices were the primary reason that our 2009 financial results were unfavorable compared with 2008. I believe our performance in such a difficult environment reflects very well on our talented work force and high-quality natural gas businesses. In last year's annual shareholder letter, I told you that Williams was well-positioned to ride out the economic storm because of our financial strength, world-class natural gas assets and disciplined approach to growth. At that time, I outlined our 2009 priorities, which included maintaining a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity, driving down costs, completing key infrastructure projects and seizing the right growth opportunities. Leveraging our financial strength and disciplined approach, I'm happy to report that we delivered on these priorities across the board: > Our balance sheet and liquidity remained strong throughout the year. As expected, we retained our investment-grade credit ratings and ended the year with more than $3.7 billion in total liquidity. > We significantly reduced our capital expenditures for the year, which were more than $1.0 billion below the 2008 level. > We also aggressively managed our operating costs, which were lower even before the direct and indirect impact of lower natural gas prices. > We completed and placed into service a number of key infrastructure projects, including: ­ The new Willow Creek natural gas processing plant in the Piceance Basin, which will boost the volume of NGLs we recover in the basin by up to 30,000 barrels per day ­ Phase II of the Sentinel expansion on the Transco interstate gas pipeline system, which increases firm transportation capacity into the northeastern United States by 102,000 dekatherms per day ­ The Colorado Hub Connection, a pipeline and related facilities that connect a regional hub in the Piceance Basin to the Northwest Pipeline system > We also seized some key growth opportunities, including: ­ Entering the prolific Marcellus Shale via joint ventures in both our midstream and exploration and production businesses (more on this later) ­ Adding to our significant acreage position in the Piceance Basin with an acquisition that is estimated to provide 795 billion cubic feet equivalent (Bcfe) of net proved, probable, and possible reserves As economic conditions and commodity prices improved throughout 2009, so did our business performance. The market rewarded our improving performance, outlook and financial strength in what
Steve Malcolm Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2009 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

1

was a tough climate. Williams' total return to our shareholders during 2009 was 49.8 percent.

has largely been driven by new permanent pipeline infrastructure, we believe the reduced basis differential will be present for the nearand long-term. But the Piceance is not the only area where we are expanding. Significant midstream expansions in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Rockies are currently under way. For example, we expect to start up the Perdido Norte project in the western deepwater Gulf of Mexico during the first half of this year. This project expands our existing infrastructure and includes a total of 184 miles of deepwater oil and gas pipeline and a 200 MMcf/d expansion of our onshore Markham gas processing facility. We also will complete the TXP4 expansion at our Echo Springs processing plant in Wyoming this year. The new processing train will nearly double the plant's processing and NGL production capacity. We also have a significant number of expansion projects on both the Transco and Northwest Pipeline systems that we expect to place into service over the next few years. These projects will increase delivery capacity to key markets in the South, Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and Pacific Northwest. There's no question that there are ample opportunities for expansion and growth across our existing businesses. I've often described our natural gas businesses as "opportunity rich" and that is certainly the case.

Looking Ahead ­ Poised for Significant Growth
We continue to believe in the importance
The Piceance Basin in western Colorado is a With a difficult, but ultimately successful year behind us, I see exciting prospects for Williams' growth going forward.

of natural gas to our nation's energy future.

world-class resource where we continue to build on our presence. While we pulled back on our drilling activities in 2009, we are planning on ramping up production as the economy and prices recover. As I previously noted, we began operations at the 450 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d) Willow Creek gas processing plant during 2009 and are reaping the benefits of increased processing capacity and NGL production. And we are already planning on expanding our processing capacity in the basin. For Williams, the Piceance is a low-cost basin that competes very favorably with the new shale plays in North America. We benefit from our large-scale presence that spans all of our businesses and the expertise that comes from long experience in the Rockies. It will continue to be a very important area for us in the future. The improvement of the basis differential between Henry Hub and Rockies natural gas prices has even further strengthened the value of our Piceance resource. And since this improvement

2

The Williams Companies, Inc.

2009 Annual Report

Financial Restructuring to Enable More Growth
A key initiative that will help us take advantage of more of these growth projects was the $12 billion strategic restructuring we completed earlier this year. As you know, we contributed most of our interstate gas pipeline and midstream assets to Williams Partners L.P. (NYSE: WPZ), the master limited partnership (MLP) we formed in 2005. In exchange for these assets, Williams received a significantly increased ownership interest in Williams Partners. This transaction transformed Williams Partners from a medium-sized MLP focused on midstream operations to a large, diverse MLP with significant interstate gas pipeline and midstream assets. In fact, Williams Partners is now the third largest energy MLP in the country and also now has investment-grade credit ratings. There is a lot of detailed information on our Web site about the restructuring that you can read for more information. But the key takeaways are that it will lower capital costs and provide Williams Partners, which will now fund Midstream and Gas Pipeline growth, with more consistent access to debt and equity markets. This means more opportunities to invest in growth projects across all of our businesses today and in the future. Also, the growth in Williams Partners' earnings and cash flows will drive similar results at Williams.

Bright Future for Natural Gas
We continue to believe in the importance of natural gas to our nation's energy future. Responsible natural gas development will reduce the country's demand for foreign energy sources, curb carbon emissions, and make renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar, viable options in the future. Through our membership in America's Natural Gas Alliance (ANGA), we are working very hard to educate lawmakers and the public on the benefits of natural gas and its importance to our collective future. I'm on the executive committee of ANGA and have personally met with several key lawmakers over the past year to help educate them on the benefits of natural gas as an abundant, jobcreating, domestic, cleaner-burning energy source. Highlighted by the new unconventional shale plays such as the Marcellus Shale in the Northeast, there is more than a 100-year supply of natural gas in the United States. This amount continues to expand because of the use of new technologies. As these new shale plays develop, there will be a need for new natural gas infrastructure ­ assets that can gather, process and transport the gas to new and existing markets across the country. There will be an enormous number of investment opportunities. Williams' long experience in operating world-class natural gas infrastructure assets ideally positions us to pursue the opportunities in these new plays where they make sense.

There's no question that there are ample opportunities for expansion and growth across our existing businesses.

2009 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

3

An example of these new opportunities is our growing presence in the Marcellus Shale. While our Transco pipeline has traversed the heart of the basin for years, our midstream business entered this prolific shale play during 2009 via the Laurel Mountain Midstream joint venture. Almost from the moment we established our offices in Pennsylvania, we began getting feedback from producers who were thrilled that a company with Williams' expertise in operating large-scale gathering systems was entering the Marcellus. Earlier this year, we signed a long-term gathering agreement with Cabot Oil & Gas, which will lead to us building a new gathering pipeline in north Pennsylvania.

The Importance of Responsible Development
Williams has long been known as a responsible developer of our nation's natural gas resources. We've always believed that it's our great responsibility to produce, process and transport this vital energy source in a way that is safe and environmentally sound. One of the keys of responsible development is continual improvement of social, environmental and governance standards and practices. Williams was once again recognized for these efforts during 2009: > We were recognized with two awards for Operational Excellence by the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission: reclamation for mitigating the visibility of operations and for reducing noxious weeds > Our exploration and production and gas pipeline businesses received Continuing Excellence Awards for five and 15 years, respectively, of participation in the U.S. EPA Natural Gas STAR program > The company adopted the model code of conduct on corporate political spending and accountability developed by the Center for Political Accountability. Responsible development is not only the right thing to do, but it's also going to be vitally important

One of the keys of responsible development is continual improvement of social, environmental and governance standards and practices.

Given its strategic position, the Transco system will play a key role in opening attractive markets for delivery of the Marcellus gas to key markets, including New York City and the growing Southeast. There are already a number of expansion projects under way. In addition to our growing midstream and gas pipeline presence, our exploration and production business also entered the Marcellus Shale during 2009 via a joint venture with Rex Energy. We've already begun drilling operations on the 44,000 net acres that are part of the joint venture. We expect that we will continue to grow our presence in this important area in 2010 and beyond. As always, we will approach any new investments with strict financial discipline and a sharp focus on long-term value growth.

4

The Williams Companies, Inc.

2009 Annual Report

in the future as natural gas development moves into areas of the country that haven't experienced development before. The companies that are known for transparency, community partnerships and responsible development will be in a better position as we help grow our nation's energy infrastructure. I also would like to recognize the hard work of Williams' 4,800 employees. More than half of our employees are also Williams shareholders. So to those employees reading this letter, I thank you for your continued contributions to our success. We put a lot of effort into attracting and retaining a high-quality work force, and we're proud that these efforts were recognized in some of our key areas of operation during 2009: > The Houston Business Journal named Williams as the #1 Best Place to Work in Houston among the companies not based in Houston. This was the second year in a row Williams was recognized on the Best Place to Work in Houston list, and the first time we won the top spot. > Utah Business magazine named Williams as a finalist in its Best Companies to Work For program, where we were recognized as one of the four best medium-sized companies in Utah. > OKCBiz magazine recognized Williams on its Best Places to Work in Oklahoma list for the second year in a row.

Final Thoughts
Most data points to an ongoing economic recovery and resulting strengthening of natural gas and NGL prices in 2010 -11. Our outlook for profitability and capital expenditures reflects this improvement in the overall economy. However, many challenges remain that we are watching very closely.

As always, we will approach any new investments with strict financial discipline and a

The long and involved debate on health care legislation in Washington, D.C., has somewhat delayed the momentum on new climate legislation, but we expect something may be enacted this year or next. As I previously mentioned, we're working very hard through ANGA to ensure that benefits of natural gas are represented in the final bill, but until we know what it looks like, some uncertainty will remain about its ultimate impact on natural gas companies like Williams. What I do know is that Williams is well-positioned to be successful in a wide variety of commodity price, economic and regulatory environments. We've proven that over and over again. We have worldclass natural gas assets, a solid strategy, a deep and talented work force and the opportunities to continue our tradition of disciplined growth and value creation. Thank you for your continued support.

sharp focus on longterm value growth.

STEVE MALCOLM Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2010

2009 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

5

