President and Chief Executive Officer Alan Armstrong

Dear fellow Williams shareholders,
We've covered significant ground in the last 18 months. From completing the $6 billion acquisition and merger of Access Midstream Partners to commissioning several world-scale infrastructure projects, Williams is seizing opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exist in North America. Williams today enjoys access to record levels of natural gas activity on both the supply and demand side, and we've further de-risked our business model to focus on what we do best -- connecting top North American production basins with long-term demand growth for home heating, power generation, manufacturing and exports. With sharply lower energy prices challenging our industry, we're benefitting from decisions we made in the past to reduce our direct exposure to commodity price volatility. We're not immune, but our unique competitive advantages are driving steady, predictable growth. Our enterprise, which touches about 30 percent of U.S. natural gas, spans the value chain from gathering, processing and transmission of natural gas and natural gas liquids to petrochemical services. Our employees who make all this happen each day are guided by our corporate tenets of operational safety and excellence, high-trust customer engagement and best-in-class project delivery. We've aligned our financial performance and capital spending with lower assumptions for oil and gas prices. We expect strong cash flows in 2015 with about 88 percent of Williams Partners' gross margin coming from fee-based revenues. On the capital investing side, we're deploying 99 percent of Williams Partners' planned $9.3 billion of growth capital in the next three years toward fully-contracted, fee-based projects. This durable, fee-based revenue translates to long-term, measured value creation for our investors with industry-leading dividend and distribution growth. Williams and Williams Partners expect annual dividend and distribution growth rates of 10 to 15 percent and 7 to 11 percent, respectively, through 2017. Our sound footing today has been several years in the making. In 2011, we reorganized Williams to focus exclusively on the infrastructure space for this once-in-a-generation energy supercycle. In 2012, we set our sights on Access Midstream Partners, a growing master limited partnership (MLP) with a robust presence in new, attractive natural

2014 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

1

SHAREHOLDER LETTER

"Our enterprise, which touches about 30 percent of U.S. natural gas, spans the value chain from gathering, processing and transmission of natural gas and natural gas liquids to petrochemical services. Our employees who make all this happen each day are guided by our corporate tenets of operational safety and excellence, high-trust customer engagement and best-in-class project delivery."

gas basins, especially where we did not yet have operations. After our initial investment in Access Midstream proved complementary to our commercial, financial and people strategies, we moved forward with acquiring a controlling interest in the MLP in July 2014. Williams Partners and Access Midstream merged in February 2015 to form one leading, large-cap natural gasfocused MLP named Williams Partners. The merger supports our objective to hold the No. 1 or No. 2 position in gathering, processing and transportation in basins and markets where we operate, moving Williams closer toward our goal of becoming North America's top provider of large-scale natural gas infrastructure. In addition to this acquisition growth, we completed several large-scale organic projects and continued growing our gathering and processing capacity in the prolific Utica-Marcellus shale region. We commissioned Gulfstar One and Keathley Canyon Connector, which were ramping up in the first quarter and are expected to deliver strong contributions for the balance of 2015 and beyond. We also completed the major expansion of our interest in the Geismar, La. olefins plant, increasing our ethylene production capacity to 1.95 billion pounds a year. Our Transco system -- the nation's largest-volume and fastest-growing pipeline -- had another big winter with record deliveries. Several construction projects, including Leidy Southeast, Rockaway Lateral and Mobile Bay South III, are expected to be finished this spring as part of $4.8 billion in transmission projects we expect to place into service through 2017. The Constitution Pipeline received the federal green light and, subject to New York regulatory approval, is expected to provide Pennsylvania-sourced natural gas to millions of families in infrastructureconstrained markets in nearby New York and New England during 2016. The pipeline is fully contracted with longterm commitments.

As well, we're pursuing regulatory approval of major new Transco projects like Atlantic Sunrise, the Garden State Expansion, the Dalton Expansion, Gulf Trace and the Virginia Southside Expansion -- all driven by binding, long-term shipper commitments from producers, local distribution companies, power generators and exporters ranging from the Gulf of Mexico and up the Eastern Seaboard to the Northeast. Clearly, Williams serves a critical role in today's energy market with many attractive growth opportunities ahead. I'm encouraged by our employees who have demonstrated their passion for making Williams successful by serving our customers well, integrating Access Midstream and working hard to keep costs down while putting safety and compliance at the forefront of all we do. We're committed to consistently executing on the growth in front of us to create the superior performance that our shareholders expect.

Alan S. Armstrong President and Chief Executive Officer April 10, 2015

2

The Williams Companies, Inc.

2014 Annual Report

