A LOOK AT 2001 AND BEYOND
Dear Fellow Shareholder: It is truly an honor to serve as President and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and I appreciate the opportunity to share with you some thoughts from fiscal 2001 and our outlook for the future. What a year of milestones it was! But before we get into the details, I'd like to touch on a few highlights from the year. Net sales in fiscal 2001 increased almost 16 percent to more than $191 billion, representing a growth in revenue of more than $26 billion. In addition, net income reached $2 billion for the fourth quarter and almost $6.3 billion for the year, making it our first "two-billion-dollar-income quarter" and our first "six-billion-dollar-income year." FORTUNE magazine named Wal-Mart the third "most admired" company in America and one of the 100 best companies to work for in America. Our Company also ranked fifth on FORTUNE's Global Most Admired Companies list based on characteristics such as leadership, teamwork and the way we treat our people. In addition, Americans named Wal-Mart the company they think of first in supporting local causes and issues, according to Cone, Inc., a national research firm. Whether it's our domestic or international Associates in the stores, facilities and adding services, including pharmacy, optical, 1-Hour Photo and fuel, to offer the highest quality shopping experience to our Members. In short, our Members continue to respond favorably to SAM'S unique, high-quality merchandise at exceptional values. The International Division had an excellent year, growing sales by 41 percent and achieving more than $32 billion in revenues. As we travel internationally, it's exciting not only to see our stores and clubs operating at such high standards, but also to see the Wal-Mart culture being embraced throughout the world. This just shows that treating people with respect and raising their standard of living through Every Day Low Prices knows no boundaries. I'll highlight the exceptional performances by our three largest international operations: Canada, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Fiscal 2001 was a great year for our Canadian business. Sales and operating profit increased for the year by more than 14 percent, continuing the customer-focused retailing traditions established in the U.S. almost 40 years ago. Mexico also had an outstanding year, exceeding both its sales and profit goals. Our Customers there

clubs and distribution centers, or those in the home office, our people truly deserve the credit for all these accomplishments. Let's look a little closer at what our Associates were able to achieve this year. Fiscal 2001 was clearly one of the strongest years in recent memory for the SAM'S CLUB division. We saw growth in both sales and earnings. Moreover, earnings growth outpaced sales growth for the year. Membership renewals reached record levels, demonstrating strong loyalty and Member acceptance, and illustrating that a SAM'S membership is the best value in the warehouse club business. In fact, one in three households in America now has a SAM'S CLUB membership. SAM'S has made great progress over the past two years in upgrading our

2

have responded exceptionally well to the high level of customer service our Associates provide, and to the introduction of Every Day Low Prices in all our retail formats in Mexico. In particular, I'd like to thank our ASDA Colleagues (Associates) in the United Kingdom for their exceptional performance over the last year. For the fourth straight year, ASDA was voted "Supermarket of the Year" by Checkout magazine. The division exceeded the objectives set at the time we acquired ASDA, and our Colleagues accomplished our ultimate goal ­ taking care of our Customers and providing them with an exceptional value in the marketplace. The Wal-Mart Stores Division, by far our largest, features our Discount Store, Supercenter and Neighborhood Market formats. The year brought some truly bright spots for this division as well. We've made exceptional strides in our food offerings through the Supercenters and Neighborhood Markets. This year, Wal-Mart became the largest retailer in the U.S. grocery industry, according to Supermarket News. That is truly a remarkable achievement, and I think Sam Walton would be proud. As always, we will continue to ensure that we are the best food retailer, not just the largest. In July, we challenged our Associates to react to the slowing economy by reducing inventories by more than $1 billion, the majority of which would come from the Wal-Mart Division. Despite disappointing holiday sales, our Associates not only met this goal ­ they exceeded it. The division had a strong first half of the year as our Associates built on last year's phenomenal growth. But

"Sam Walton set the standard for our vision of leadership, and we are carrying it forward."
as we moved through the second half of fiscal 2001, it became evident that consumer spending was slowing and would not recover in time for the crucial holiday shopping season. Our Associates reacted appropriately, however, by continuing our focus on customer satisfaction. Although we did not end the year the way we would have liked, the keys to our ability to manage a slowdown in the economy remain simple and effective. They are what we have built our business on since the beginning. First, we must maintain an in-stock level unequaled in the retail world. Our commitment is unchanged: provide the products our Customers want at the moment they want to make the purchase. Second, we must provide the level of service our Customers expect and deserve. It's not enough to provide merchandise and a safe, comfortable environment in which to shop. We must generate the excitement and enthusiasm necessary to build a relationship with the Customer and make each shopping experience better than the one before. This includes simple things like saying thank you and greeting our Customers warmly as they enter the store. Sam Walton called it "aggressive hospitality," and it still works today. Third, we must provide our Customers with top-quality merchandise and services at Every Day Low Prices. After all, that's what the sign says, and that's our commitment to our Customers.

Finally, it is a personal priority of mine to identify and develop the next generation of Wal-Mart leaders. For years, it was enough to just develop managers. But as the business environment becomes more challenging, it takes true leadership to guide a successful business. Sam Walton set the standard for our vision of leadership, and we are carrying it forward. We are committed to growing the leaders today who will propel this Company into tomorrow. It's the right thing to do for our Customers, our Associates and our Shareholders. On a more personal note, I would like, on behalf of all Wal-Mart Associates, to thank David Glass for his leadership over the past 25 years. David served as Chief Executive Officer for 12 years and presided over more revenue and earnings growth than any other CEO in the history of retailing. We are fortunate that David has agreed to stay on in his present role, providing advice and counsel to me and the entire Wal-Mart team. At Wal-Mart, we're passionate about delivering value to our Customers and Shareholders. As Shareholders, you play a vital role in our success as you invest in Wal-Mart stock and shop at our Wal-Mart stores and SAM'S CLUBS. While our history is rich with success, there's no question that our best years are yet to come, and this time next year I expect to report another record year for Wal-Mart. Thank you, and I look forward to visiting with you again next year. Lee Scott

3

