A Look at 2002 and Beyond.
Dear Shareholders, Associates and Customers:
Reflecting on the events of last year, I am struck not only by how difficult a year it was, but also by how well our Associates responded. We began the year following one of the worst holiday seasons in recent memory. Sluggish consumer spending, rising unemployment, the energy crisis and the events of September 11 all converged to make the year a very challenging time in retailing. While other companies struggled to increase sales in this environment, we gained market share and added more than $26 billion in revenues, for a 13.8 percent increase over the prior year's sales. Sales for the year ending January 31, 2002 were just under $218 billion, making us the largest company in the world as measured by annual revenue. Lee Scott A lot has been said about us becoming the world's largest company. Our goal was never to be the biggest, but rather to be the best as measured by our stakeholders, who are our customers, our Associates, our suppliers, our communities and importantly, our shareholders. Our stated goal is for earnings to grow at a rate equal to or better than sales. We did not achieve that goal in the last fiscal year, but we did end a difficult year with improved earnings momentum. Net income for the fourth quarter was almost $2.2 billion, more than 9 percent over the similar prior-year quarter. Our earnings growth in the second half of the year was 8.8 percent, significantly better than the 2.7 percent earnings growth rate experienced in the first six months. Earnings for the total year exceeded $6.6 billion and cash flow from operations was over $10 billion. This cash position allowed us to give almost $2.5 billion back to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases in the last fiscal year. Almost five years ago, we set a "total shareholder return target" of 15 percent. We did not achieve our goal in the last fiscal year. However, since we established this objective, our compound annual return has averaged 17.9 percent. With success comes the obligation to do what is right for all of our stakeholders; and in this area, I would stack our performance against any business in the world. There are a couple of distinctions we received recently that are far more important than those awarded based on size. First, Fortune magazine named us as one of the "100 Best Places to Work." We were the only discount retailer to achieve this distinction, and we have now earned a place on this list in four of the last five years. Sam Walton knew that if we treated our Associates well, they would provide great customer service, and run the business as if they were the owners. Our second honor was ranking number three in Fortune's annual list of "America's

2

Most Admired Companies." This is the tenth time in the last 20 years that we ranked in the top 10. The poll was taken by asking 10,000 executives, directors and security analysts to select the 10 companies they admired most.

America hasn't been from Silicon Valley; it's the relentless promise of "everyday low prices" by Wal-Mart. The study says, "Today's economic reality is that high-tech decisions made in Arkansas play a larger role in boosting America's productivity than decisions made in Silicon Valley or Seattle." The New York Times said in an article citing

our shareholders and Associates have in the integrity of our financial statements. Last year was challenging. The economy and the events of September 11 impacted us all. Although we had a good year relative to many other companies, it was not a typical Wal-Mart year. This year began on a much better note. All of us at Wal-Mart are working to achieve our 15 percent totalshareholder-return target. I look forward to reporting another record year in 2003. I want to close this letter with a special thanks to our Associates. It is through your efforts that we succeed as a Company, and it is because of you that I am excited about the future.

"With success comes a serious obligation to do what is right."
Each day we are tested, as consumers vote for their favorite store with the dollars they spend. A recent WSL Strategic Retail survey quoted in The New York Times said a plurality of Americans chose Wal-Mart as their favorite store. Another survey cited in the article was conducted by Teenage Research Unlimited and found that 58 percent of children 8 to 18 declared Wal-Mart as their favorite place to shop for clothes. These are the survey results we cherish most. Our Company has core competencies and hidden advantages that allow us to fulfill our promise of "Low Prices ­ Always." They include our expertise in logistics and information technology. A recent study by the McKinsey Global Institute finds that in terms of sheer economic impact, the single most important, dynamic, defining technological innovation in

this study that, "By making goods cheap and available, Wal-Mart has raised the standard of living of average Americans." Recently, many investors were surprised to find the companies whose stocks and bonds they owned were not honest about their results and businesses. We work very hard to educate investors about our financial results and condition. Maintaining the integrity of our disclosures is extremely important to us. The financial results reported here will provide you, the stakeholders, with a review of our Company, and will provide a detailed discussion about those financial matters that are significant to your Company. Although it is not the most exciting reading, our team has worked hard to make these reports comprehensive, yet simple, and I would encourage you to review them. As a company, Wal-Mart is known for offering consumers low prices. Essential to our relationship with consumers is their trust. We take that trust quite seriously, and we would never consciously do anything to violate it. We take just as seriously the trust

3

