Many of Walmart's most innovative ideas originate from the insights of associates across our global operations.

Michael T. Duke President and Chief Executive Officer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

To our shareholders, associates and customers
Over the last few years, I've shared with you how we would build the "Next Generation Walmart" and serve the "Next Generation customer." This came from a belief that the major trends shaping our world are also driving significant change in the retail landscape ­ the emerging global middle class, the faster adoption of mobile technology, rising energy prices and many others. At Walmart today, we have never had more clarity around what the world is going to look like, and what it will take to win with the customer we care so much about. We've developed and executed strategies that are delivering results, which I'll highlight in this message. Just as important, however, are the key strategic areas where we are especially focused and accelerating. Financial results and key strategies Last year, Walmart delivered a really good financial performance. Our earnings per share increased 10.6 percent to $5.02. With the addition of $22 billion in net sales, we are now a $466 billion company. Our operating income was up 4.7 percent to $27.8 billion. We also grew free cash flow 18.1 percent to $12.7 billion. All of this enabled our company to return $13 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. In fact, Walmart shareholders enjoyed the best overall return in stock performance and dividends for our company this year than in more than a decade. This success was made possible by the contributions of our 2.2 million fantastic associates around the world and their commitment to saving people money so they can live better. When it comes to our operating segments, Walmart U.S. is as strong as it has ever been. Last year, we opened our 4,000th U.S. location and added more than $10 billion in net sales, including $4.7 billion in comp sales growth. We had positive comp performance and grew market share in a number of our largest categories. Walmart International continues to be the growth engine for our company, contributing nearly 30 percent of consolidated net sales, while adding 19 million square feet of new retail space. Improving returns in Walmart International remains a top priority. Sam's Club continues to drive sales, delivering more than $56 billion in net sales with fuel, a 4.9 percent increase over last year. With membership engagement scores at record levels, we're continuing to focus on driving value to our members.

Walmart 2013 Annual Report

|| 1

At Walmart, we're excited about the progress in our business and have confidence in the strategies we're executing in each operating segment. I feel very good about the areas where we are strategically focused, and we are prepared to accelerate these efforts. We're delivering on the productivity loop and being even more disciplined about operating expenses and capital spending. We're investing to serve more customers globally, especially in e-commerce. We're putting a major effort into making sure we have the best retail talent at

We're also applying this same discipline to capital expenditures. We've reduced total remodeling costs for Walmart U.S. 50 percent over the past two years and are lowering construction costs around the world. Last year, we invested $12.9 billion to add 34.6 million square feet of retail space. We're also better matching our systems investments to the size of the retail box and the need of the market. Whether it's expense leverage or capital discipline, Walmart is accelerating the productivity loop to drive prices even lower for our customers. Delivering a seamless shopping experience By bringing together best-in-class online, mobile and social capabilities and our over 10,700 stores, we are building what no other retailer ­ online or otherwise ­ can. We can offer customers a truly seamless experience that empowers them to shop in the way most convenient for them ­ anytime and anywhere. Over the past year, we've made significant investments in talent and technology to accelerate progress toward this vision. One success is our new search engine for walmart.com, which delivers more relevant results to online shoppers and led to increased sales conversions. We're also testing some great innovations, such as same-day delivery of purchases from our U.S. website. We just expanded mobile self-checkout through our Scan and GoTM app. Perhaps most important to our growth plans, we've launched a multi-year process to build the next generation global technology platform. By

Exceptional customer service is a key contributor to Walmart Canada's strong market position.

every level of our organization. And we're taking our model for making a difference and applying it in new ways to some of society's toughest challenges. More often, I see customers using a mobile phone to check the price of an item. The era of price transparency is right here, right now and in real time. We welcome Walmart being a showroom for online shoppers. This may surprise some people, but because we're really churning the productivity loop, we have a lot of open road ahead. If we offer the right assortment, the lowest prices and the best experience, customers choose Walmart whenever and wherever they shop. Walmart has now leveraged operating expenses for a third consecutive year. In fact, every operating segment grew sales faster than expenses. We continue to invest savings into lower prices and improving returns. I'm pleased with the progress we've made with innovations around workforce planning, on-shelf availability and sourcing. These areas ­ and many others ­ are key priorities for our management teams. We're on track to meeting our goal to reduce operating expenses as a percentage of sales by at least 100 basis points by fiscal 2017.

At Sam's Club, exciting merchandise at great values drives strong member engagement.

having the ability to connect every product in the world with every customer in the world, we'll be able to accelerate our expansion of e-commerce operations. Right now, we

2

||

Walmart 2013 Annual Report

have growing online businesses in 10 countries and are well positioned in markets that offer the greatest growth potential ­ the U.S., the U.K., Brazil and China. I'm particularly encouraged

compliance are non-negotiable. Our standard is full compliance with all laws and regulations in the markets where we operate. We've made significant improvements to our compliance programs and we're taking appropriate action for any instance of non-compliance. We're pleased with the progress we've made through training, new processes and procedures and recruiting exceptionally strong talent to fill new roles. Walmart will have a world-class compliance organization. Benefiting our communities Wherever I travel around the world and have the chance to talk with a business leader or an elected official, it's gratifying to hear their comments about what Walmart is doing on hiring veterans, women's economic empowerment or environmental sustainability. Year after year, we've just continued to build momentum in how we use our size and scale in new ways to make a difference on big issues. Last year alone, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation's charitable contributions surpassed $1 billion in cash and in-kind donations to positively impact local communities around the globe. Over the past year, Walmart became the largest onsite solar power generator in the United States, and the same is true for renewables. We announced major new commitments to make our supply chain more sustainable in China and around the world. I'm also very excited about our recent announcement to boost U.S. manufacturing for Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club, to hire 100,000 honorably discharged U.S. veterans and to do more to help our part-time associates find full-time jobs and build careers at Walmart. Looking ahead Walmart is only getting stronger as the world's healthiest and best-positioned global retailer. I'm pleased with our business and financial performance last year. But what gives me the most confidence is the changing retail landscape, and how our people and our strategies fit so well for the customers we know and care about. Whether it's everyday low prices, a seamless shopping experience, the most talented team of associates, or our model for making a difference, we are on the right path. We will accelerate everything we're doing. And Walmart's best and most exciting days remain ahead.

Every day our talented associates deliver the operational efficiencies that make possible Walmart's EDLP.

by our increased investment in Yihaodian, which has strengthened our ability to capitalize on the vast potential in the Chinese e-commerce market. Talent is key to success To execute these and other strategies vital to our long-term success, we must recruit, develop and retain the absolute best talent at every level of our organization. That means executives, managers and front-line associates that traditionally make up the ranks of a major retailer. But we also need entrepreneurs, technology specialists, data scientists and consumer Internet professionals. Today, Walmart has more than 2,500 associates with these skills in Silicon Valley, Brazil, India and China. They are some of the most inspired and inspiring associates anywhere in our company. Nothing makes me prouder of Walmart than when I hear about the opportunity we provide to our associates. It's amazing to think that in our Walmart U.S. business, approximately 75 percent of our store operations management started their careers as hourly associates. I especially love hearing from our front-line associates and talking with them about their ideas for how we can serve our customers even better. Our senior leadership team is the best in retail and perhaps in all of business. The job of every Walmart associate must begin with integrity. Over the past year, I've had countless opportunities to speak to our associates, and I've been very clear that ethics and

Michael T. Duke President and Chief Executive Officer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

Walmart 2013 Annual Report

|| 3

