Our "Wal-Mart Out in Front" plan is delivering tangible results.
Letter from Lee Scott, Wal-Mart President and CEO
To our shareholders, associates and customers: Last year, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. delivered both record sales and earnings from continuing operations. We also stepped out and took k on some of f the toughest challenges facing the communities we serve. But we did not achieve these things while f perdoing business as usual. We did them during a period of haps the most rapid and profound change in our Company's history. With our transformation plan, we are committed to staying "Out in Front" " of f the changes around us. This success is a tribute to Wal-Mart associates around the y live and carry y forward every y day. At world, and the culture they Wal-Mart, we save people money y so they y can live better. We are proud of f that purpose, and I am proud of f our associates, our Company, and the results we achieved together this past year. investment. Considering our goal was only y to have flattened the downward trend by y the end of f the fiscal fi year, an increase in ROI is a great accomplishment for Wal-Mart U.S.

Unlocking the Value
At Wal-Mart, our growth has been guided by a strategy of focusing our financial fi and human resources in areas where we can unlock k the most value. In our International division, we call this approach "major in the majors." Our results clearly demonstrate that this is the right strategy. Last year, we opened the doors to seven new Wal-Mart Supercentres in Canada. The response from our customers has been excellent, and we plan to open 21 new supercentres this year. We increased our ownership stake of f Seiyu in Japan to 53.3 percent. Seiyu's total comparable store sales for fiscal 2007 were positive for the first time in 15 years. We increased our stake in CARHCO to 51 percent, and we renamed CARHCO Wal-Mart Central America. We also added 120 new stores in y encouraged by y the performance and conMexico and are very tinued growth opportunities for all six store formats there. Asda's turn-around strategy continues to deliver results. The team improved the basics, introduced a new store format, and upgraded several departments. At the beginning of f fiscal 2008, we announced an investment in Trust-Mart, a leading hypermarket operator with 101 retail stores in 34 cities in China. This brought additional scale to our China retail business as we develop a foundation for greater long-range business opportunities in China. Exiting Germany and South Korea last year was the right decision, and we have redeployed resources from those countries to other critical areas of f our International division.

Record Sales
When it comes to the fiscal year's financial results, Wal-Mart again delivered solid performance. We had record net sales of $345 billion, an increase of f 11.7 percent over fiscal year 2006. Our net income from continuing operations rose 6.7 percent over last year to a record $12.2 billion. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.92. I am also very pleased with our results in Wal-Mart's International division, headed by Mike Duke. Led by Mexico and increasing momentum at Asda in the United Kingdom, international sales increased more than 30 percent to $77 billion for the year. Doug McMillon and his Sam's Club team also turned in a solid performance, with sales growing 4.5 percent for the year. For the sixth quarter in a row, Sam's Club grew operating income faster than sales. Of f course, there were a couple of f disappointments. In particular, total U.S. comparable store sales were 2.0 percent last year, which was below our plan. However, the Wal-Mart Stores division, led by y Eduardo Castro-Wright, continued its trend of f improving labor productivity y and inventory y management. The U.S. team also delivered an increase in return on

Customer Relevancy
In our stores and clubs last year, we spent a lot of f time, energy and resources to better understand the people we serve. We wanted to know who shops our stores and clubs and who does not; what type of f merchandise they want and what

10

they do not; what they value most in the store and club experience and what is less important. As a Company, there is no question in my mind that we understand our customers better today than we have in years, and we understand them all around the world. In working to broaden our appeal to our customers, we moved too quickly in the rollout of f some of f our fashionforward apparel in the United States. We are making adjustments this year to improve our core basics. We continue to strive to make sure every Wal-Mart store is a "Store of f the Community" ­ one that reflects fl the individual needs of f each neighborhood we serve. y Eduardo last year is providThe three-year plan launched by ing momentum to drive returns and growth for Wal-Mart U.S. I am confident fi that these changes will contribute to continued improvements in our U.S. stores. Giving our associates the tools and opportunities they need to be as productive as possible also is critical to improving our operations and efficiencies. ffi I am very pleased that our Company has delivered workforce productivity gains in every quarter of f the last two years. And there are a lot of other changes we can make ­ and have been making ­ to improve the productivity of f our core business.

Taking Care of Associates
Of f course, the most important part of f taking care of f customers is taking care of f associates. They are the point of f contact for our customers in the stores. Every year, Wal-Mart creates tens of f thousands of f jobs throughout the United States, many y of f them in neighborhoods that desperately y need economic opportunities. These jobs pay competitive wages and offer ff good benefits. fi We are also proud of f the fact that 90 percent of f U.S. associates have health coverage, and Wal-Mart insures more than 1 million lives. We are committed to affordable ff and accessible healthcare. In order to continue to attract and retain excellent associates, we are listening to them ­ especially our valued long-term associates ­ about how to make their jobs and careers more fulfilling. fi Last year, we again increased our average full-time hourly wage in the United States. It is our commitment to ensure that our workforce is diverse. Our associates reflect fl the ethnic and cultural diversity y of f their communities. Given our r size, we must represent the faces of f the world. Wal-Mart holds its senior leaders accountable for meeting diversity goals each year. Every officer's ffi compensation and performance evaluation is dependent on achieving very specific objectives in the area of f diversity. In fact, all officers but one met their goals this year.

"Wal-Mart holds its senior leaders accountable for meeting diversity goals each year. Every officer's compensation and performance evaluation is dependent on achieving very specific objectives in the area of diversity."

11

Valuable to Communities
As we continue to grow around the world, it is always our goal to be a valuable member of f each of f those communities. We want our neighbors to see, understand and be a part of f the positive impact Wal-Mart has everywhere we operate. One way we do this is through charitable giving. According to the Chronicle of f Philanthropy y, the Wal-Mart Foundation is the largest corporate cash contributor in America. In 2006, through its foundation, charitable partners and donations from customers and associates, Wal-Mart provided more than $415 million in cash and in-kind merchandise to more than

Another example of f our positive impact on communities is our $4 generic prescription drug program. Last year, we rolled this program out first in Florida and then rapidly expanded it to all U.S. pharmacies. The response from our customers has been outstanding because we have saved them money where they need it most ­ in reduced healthcare costs.

Improving Lives
Since I came to Wal-Mart in 1979, I have learned a lot of f lessons about leadership. One of f the most valuable lessons is this: there is a price to being special. Over the last 45 years, those of f us who have served Wal-Mart have paid a price to build a special Company ­ whether it means working on weekends, keeping a modest office ffi space, or always putting others before ourselves. But there is a reward, and it is not just working for a special Company; it is a special opportunity to touch and improve the lives of f millions of f people around the world. At Wal-Mart, we touch and improve lives through the charitable giving of f our foundation. We do it by creating jobs that pay competitive wages, offer ff good benefits fi and create career opportunities. We do it by making diversity a priority throughout our workforce and our operations. We do it by being a more sustainable and environmentally-friendly business. But above all, we do it through our everyday work: we save people money so they can live better. To Wal-Mart customers, saving a dollar, a pound, or a peso means something. It means being able to buy the school clothes or fresh food they need. Without Wal-Mart, they might not be able to afford ff such items. It also means empowering people to aspire to a better life for themselves and their families.

" To Wal-Mart customers, saving a dollar, a pound, or a peso means something. It means being able to buy the school clothes or fresh food they need. Without Wal-Mart, they might not be able to afford such items. It also means empowering people to aspire to a better life for themselves and their families."

100,000 organizations around the world. More important, we gave most of f the money at the local level where we can have the greatest impact. Our international stores and associates raised and contributed $45 million of f this total. Beyond our charitable programs, Wal-Mart is committed to sustainability. Our stores are selling more organic and environmentally-friendly products. We are working with suppliers to reduce packaging and take nonrenewable energy out of the products we sell. We are making our facilities and truck fleet more efficient by adopting energy-efficient practices. These sustainable programs are making our business more efficient; they are also making sure that our customers do not have to choose between a product they can afford and a sustainable product.

This is what Wal-Mart does and, for the most part, whom we serve. And though our Company may undergo profound changes, we will never change who we are. We will always be Wal-Mart, and we will always strive to be a better Wal-Mart.

Lee Scott President and Chief f Executive Officer ffi Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

12

