A Letter from the President

To Our Shareholders, Associates and Customers, Without a doubt, fiscal 2003 was an extremely challenging year. It was a year marked by the threat of war and terrorism, increased financial pressure from rising fuel prices and corporate layoffs, and even ethical misconduct by a number of companies. However, despite all this, Wal-Mart had an excellent year.

and business areas. It is important that we highlight a few of these performances. Let's start with Wal-Mart International. This group achieved sales of almost $41 billion and an operating profit of more than $2 billion. For perspective, if Wal-Mart International were a stand-alone company, it would rank number 33 on last year's FORTUNE 500 list based on sales. Our international business also has grown to be our second-largest division in terms of sales and earnings, trailing only the Wal-Mart Stores division. Our international growth opportunities are significant, and it will be exciting in the years ahead to watch Wal-Mart continue to develop as a truly global Company. One of our major growth initiatives continues to be our food business. Last year in the U.S., we added 192 Supercenters, and we have publicly announced our intentions to add up to 210 more in the current year. We currently have Supercenters in all but seven states. We also completed the last fiscal year with 49 Neighborhood Markets in eight states. We will continue to be successful in this area because our food strategy is so closely aligned with our general merchandise strategy. In both food and general merchandise, we satisfy the Customer with a consistent focus on price, assortment and quality. We also are making exciting strides in two other important areas: internal product development and global procurement. Our product-development team, working with Wal-Mart buyers, is driving significant improvement in key product categories such as apparel, domestics and electronics.

Lee Scott

In fact, thanks to our Associates, Wal-Mart was able to report record sales ($244.5 billion) and record earnings ($8.0 billion) in one of the most difficult business environments in recent years. More specifically, these numbers represent a 12.3 percent increase in sales compared to the previous year, and a 21.5 percent increase in earnings per share. (On a like-to-like basis, the increase in earnings per share would have been 16.8 percent after adjusting for an accounting change for goodwill.) We also met one of our most important goals: for earnings to grow at a rate equal to or better than sales. As I reflect on this performance, I feel a deep sense of appreciation for the Associates who made this possible, and I likewise remain very positive about the future of our business. Of course, any successful year is underscored by special contributions from key departments
2

This is not just the opinion within Wal-Mart. The Wall Street Journal, USA Today and others have also made note of our progress. As this improvement continues, we will further encourage our existing Customers to broaden their shopping with us. In other words, we are increasingly seeing that Customers who shop with us for food and basic household supplies are adding apparel and electronics to their shopping baskets. Last year we assumed responsibility of global procurement from a third party. This allowed us to better coordinate the entire global supply chain from product development to delivery. In addition, our global procurement program allows us to share our buying power and merchandise network with all our operations throughout the world. This helps fulfill the promise of Sam Walton to deliver quality and value not only to U.S. consumers, but also to consumers around the world. Sam Walton also worked to continuously develop the next generation of Wal-Mart leaders. He knew that to be successful, all Wal-Mart leaders must understand our culture and our commitment to integrity. That's why we've developed a number of leadership initiatives, including the Business Leadership Series, People Asset Reviews and accelerated programs for highpotential international managers.

Because we are developing our leaders, last year we were able to fill a number of key positions with internal people. This included the appointments of Linda Dillman as senior vice president and chief information officer (CIO); Susan Chambers as senior vice president, insurance and benefits; Kevin Turner (former CIO) as president and chief executive officer of SAM'S CLUB Division; and Doug McMillon as executive vice president and chief merchant at SAM'S CLUB. Speaking of SAM'S CLUB, it is important for you to know that we were not pleased with its performance in 2002. Today, we have a new management team in place that is energized and refocused on the basics of the Club business. Satisfying the needs of the business member is a renewed priority for SAM'S CLUB. We should also recognize the value that our support groups bring to the business. For example, the core competencies we have developed in logistics, information systems and real estate represent an essential part of our "every day low cost" commitment, which makes "Every Day Low Prices" possible. Another highlight to the year was when our company was honored by FORTUNE magazine as the "Most Admired Company" in America. Generally, we are not fans of lists and awards, but this one is meaningful

because it reflects our commitment to our Customers and our communities. Our Associates earned this award, and we hope that you as Shareholders are proud to be associated with Wal-Mart. Finally, as we look to the year ahead, and with war a reality, we see many of the same challenges we faced in the previous year. However, just as in 2002, this is no excuse for poor performance. In good times and bad, Customers will shop at Wal-Mart. We are well-positioned in the marketplace as the price and value leader. We are well-positioned for continued success. Of course, I cannot end this letter without expressing once again my appreciation to our Associates around the world for their hard work, to our Customers for their loyalty, to our suppliers for their support and service, and to the Wal-Mart Shareholders who invest in our Company. My best wishes to all of you in the coming year.

"... thanks to our Associates, Wal-Mart was able to report record sales and record earnings in one of the most difficult business environments in recent years."

Lee Scott

3

