To Our Shareholders, Associates And Customers: Our fiscal year ending January 31, 2005 was another record year for Wal-Mart. We topped $10 billion in net income for the first time in our history and added almost $29 billion in sales.
As we look back on last year and reflect on the overall performance of our company, we hope one thing is crystal clear to you as a shareholder: Wal-Mart's health and future growth prospects have never been stronger. Record Financial Results We ended our 2005 fiscal year with record sales and earnings. We opened a record number of stores. We promoted a record number of associates. We made significant achievements in our diversity and compliance programs. We made management changes on the operations side of our business that will serve us well, both today and in the future. Perhaps most important, Wal-Mart remains committed to a culture built from a foundation of integrity, respect for one another, continual improvement and service to the customer. We have found that this culture translates well anywhere in the world. Global revenues for the fiscal year 2005 exceeded $285 billion, and net income surpassed $10 billion. We grew earnings faster than sales by doing the basics well ­ better in-stock, less markdowns and an improved merchandise mix. As a result, we generated higher profits for our shareholders without passing along higher prices to our customers.

Lee Scott
President and Chief Executive Officer

WAL-MART 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 11

Financial Highlights

Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (In Millions Except Per Share Data)

2005 $285,222 $219,793 $ 10,267 $ 2.41 9.3%
(2)

2004 $256,329 $198,747 $ $ 9,054 2.07 9.2% 21.3%

2003 $229,616 $178,299 $ $ 7,955 1.79 9.2% 20.9%

2002 $204,011 $159,097 $ $ 6,592 1.47 8.4% 19.4%

2001 $180,787 $140,720 $ $ 6,235 1.39 8.6% 21.3%

Net Sales Cost of Sales Net Income Diluted Earnings Per Share Long-term Debt Return on Assets(1) Return on Shareholders' Equity

$ 20,087 22.1%

$ 17,102

$ 16,597

$ 15,676

$ 12,489

(1) Income from continuing operations before minority interest divided by average assets. (2) Income from continuing operations divided by average shareholders' equity.

Wal-Mart also returned to our shareholders more than $6.7 billion, in the form of more than $2.2 billion in dividends and more than $4.5 billion in share repurchase.

As part of this growth, we are making a concerted effort to work more collaboratively with our communities. This includes being more flexible with city leaders on our individual store designs, and making sure we are a good Outstanding Growth Prospects local citizen as we open new stores. Last year in the U.S., In the coming year, we plan to open as many as 530 new for example, Wal-Mart donated more than $170 million to stores. This includes adding up to 250 more Supercenters, local community organizations and causes, making us the 45 new Discount Stores, 40 new SAM'S largest cash contributor to charity in corpo® "As we look back on last year rate America. CLUBS and 30 new Neighborhood Markets in the United States. Interna- and reflect on the overall perforHowever, if we can put all the big mance of our company, we hope tionally, our plan is to open as many numbers aside for a moment, one of the one thing is crystal clear to you as as 165 new locations. Combined, these a shareholder: Wal-Mart's health most exciting aspects about Wal-Mart and future growth prospects have today is how much room we have yet to new stores will represent more than an eight percent square footage growth never been stronger." grow, both in the U.S. and around the or, put another way, the addition of world, and how much career opportunity approximately 55 million square feet of new retail space, and this does not include the square footage of our distribution centers. Our ability to add successfully this many stores to our business, year after year, is one of Wal-Mart's most significant achievements and core strengths. Yet, even internally, we sometimes take this accomplishment for granted since we do it with such apparent ease. In fact, this is not as easy as it looks, but we hope it is a unique and special capability that you take pride in as a Wal-Mart shareholder. we are creating for our associates as we grow. For example, even with the size and success we have achieved, today Wal-Mart has earned less than three percent of the global retail market share. In other words, about 97 percent of the retail business around the world is not being done at Wal-Mart today. In the U.S. alone, we estimate there is room for almost 4,000 more Supercenters. In some areas, we locate new stores close to existing stores, a fact some have questioned. We take this approach in growing markets for several reasons. First, as the market continues to grow, we are

12

WAL-MART 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

the ones in position to serve customers instead of our competitors. Second, over time total sales from the two stores can almost double the sales of the original store. And third, we can relieve congestion in the first store and create a better shopping experience for our customers. We will continue to drive improvement throughout our stores with a sharp focus on the following: · Maintaining our price leadership position; · Merchandising more aggressively; · Improving our in-stock position; · Developing and motivating our people while working to ensure that the Wal-Mart work experience is a good one for all our associates.

Looking Ahead As 2005 unfolds, we will continue to grow. With the support of our suppliers and the focus of our associates, U.S. comp store sales should increase. SAM'S CLUB® is building momentum as it delivers upon its promise to be "in business for small business." And, 13 years after we opened our first store in Mexico, the growth of our international business is accelerating. Today, this is a $56 billion dollar business that has doubled in size in just five years.

For me personally, you can expect to see me continue to tell the Wal-Mart story more aggressively. Our senior management team will join me in this important effort in the coming year. Associates Will Take Us To The We have such a good story to tell at " Today, Wal-Mart has earned Next Level Wal-Mart, from the career opportunities less than three percent of the Of course, as Sam Walton taught us, global retail market share. we're creating, the support we provide to In other words, about 97 per- individual communities, and the improved at the end of the day people are the key cent of the retail business to Wal-Mart's success. standard of living we're providing to our around the world is not done David Smith, the People Director customers through our low prices and at Wal-Mart today." at ASDA, our U.K. division, puts it well: wide assortment. "We don't just look at people as they are, More than ever, I feel privileged to but as what they can become." We are proud of the fact represent this company, thanks in large part to our that 76 percent of our store management started their associates. Because of you, we do have a great story to careers in hourly positions. tell and the individual acts of kindness you show every There is no question in my mind that Wal-Mart day have such a positive impact on our shareholders, is the most exciting company in the world in terms of our customers and communities. creating career opportunities for people who want to My thanks to all of you, including our shareholders, learn and excel. who help make Wal-Mart such a special company. Moreover, there is no culture stronger than the Wal-Mart culture. This past year, our company has consistently demonstrated its high standards of integrity and its unwavering commitment to accountability when these standards are not met. As I talk to associates about how we have dealt with individuals who have failed to meet these standards, it is encouraging to hear them talk with pride about the inherent strength of the Wal-Mart culture Lee Scott and the fact that integrity applies to everyone at Wal-Mart, President and Chief Executive Officer no matter what job or position with the company.

WAL-MART 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 13

