2

A Letter from the President and CEO
To our Shareholders, Associates and Customers: Let me begin by expressing how proud I am of everything our Associates have accomplished during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004. Wal-Mart generated over $256 billion in global revenue, establishing a new record and adding more than $26 billion in sales. Your Company earned almost $9.1 billion in net income and grew earnings per share by over 15 percent. I also will report that Wal-Mart paid $4 billion in U.S. federal income taxes in fiscal year 2004. To borrow a page from my friend Warren Buffett's annual report letter to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway, this means that if 446 other taxpayers paid the same amount as Wal-Mart, no other business or individual in the United States would have had to pay federal taxes last year (based on fiscal 2003 U.S. federal tax receipts of $1.782 trillion). I appreciate that some may not consider this to be particularly meaningful, but it is an interesting way to look at the taxes we pay. Even though our financial results were solid, I would characterize the year as good overall, but not great. The year started strong with earnings growing faster than revenue, but we struggled in the second half due to slower-than-planned sales and higher-than-normal apparel markdowns. We have made the appropriate adjustments to address these circumstances, and we expect better results in the current fiscal year. The SAM'S CLUB® and International divisions distinguished themselves during the year. The SAM'S CLUB business was re-energized by a new management team and a renewed commitment to satisfying the needs of our Business Members. Sales and earnings at SAM'S CLUB exceeded our plan, and we expect further progress this year. Wal-Mart's International operations again exceeded their sales and earnings plan, and we saw great performances from the "big three": Canada, the U.K. and Mexico. We have also seen great improvement from our Puerto Rico operation with our Discount Stores, Supercenters and SAM'S CLUB locations having the best improvement in Return on Investment in our International division. At least once a day, I am asked whether Wal-Mart can continue to grow. In the United States, Wal-Mart's sales are less than 10 percent of the retail market, and this year we plan to add more than 50 million square feet of new retail space. This represents a growth in square footage of more than 8 percent. In addition, our market share outside the United States is even smaller, and the opportunities in those markets are arguably even greater. So there is definitely room for growth. In fact, our growth is not limited by access to capital or by the availability of attractive sites for new stores and Clubs. Rather, our most significant challenge is attracting, retaining and developing enough people who understand and embrace our culture and who can help us fulfill our growth potential. Mr. Sam said,"Our Associates make the difference," and he was absolutely right. In order to continue your Company's growth, we must attract Associates to serve an increasingly diverse customer base. We must continue to recruit and promote from all segments of society and provide a work environment in which individuals can succeed based on their own merits. During the past year, we announced the formation of a Diversity Office to better focus our efforts on these objectives, and beginning this fiscal year, a portion of management's incentive will be tied directly to achieving diversity goals. This is a top priority for our management team. As the largest, and possibly most visible, company in the world, we are being held to an increasingly higher standard of behavior. Our financial performance is an important measure by which we are judged, but it is no longer the only measure. Our Customers, our Associates, the Communities in which we do business and the general public expect more of us. In the past, we were judged mainly by our accomplishments. Today, Wal-Mart is increasingly defined by our actions as an employer, corporate citizen and business partner. We must always do the right things in the right way, but we can also be more aggressive about telling our story. It is, after all, a great story, from the jobs we provide to the consumers we help, to the Communities we serve. Also, Wal-Mart is a great investment. We intend to do a lot more to communicate these messages this year. I am excited about the prospects for the current year. The economy is improving. Our work force is probably the best ever assembled, and I am excited about the quality and value of the merchandise we have to offer to our Customers. Finally, I want to thank all the constituencies that make Wal-Mart successful, including our loyal Customers, dedicated Associates and valued Suppliers. We also appreciate our Shareholders, who finance our growth, and the Communities that welcome us to their neighborhoods. Have a great year, and I'll see you in the stores and Clubs. Sincerely,

Lee Scott

A Letter from the Chairman of the Board
Fellow Shareholders and Associates, In his letter, Lee Scott observes that our Company is being held to an increasingly higher standard of behavior. I agree, and would like to offer some thoughts and comments on this development. Our Customers, our Associates, the Communities in which we do business and the general public all assume that Wal-Mart will continue to deliver quality products at outstanding values. We will. But Wal-Mart is now the largest company in the world, and people simply expect more today from a leader. In addition, given that we at Wal-Mart have every intention of remaining a leader, we can and should expect to be held to a higher standard for many more years to come. In my opinion, our Company deserves good marks for the way we have conducted business over the years. The growth of our Company, the good jobs we provide to our Associates, and the economic "We do not accept the benefits we have delivered to our Customers ­ all wrapped notion that business within a culture founded on integrity and mutual respect ­ as usual is ever tell a powerful story. to making the changes necessary to meet their increased expectations. Our size and global reach present extraordinary opportunities, but also present additional complexity in dealing with an ever-changing variety of laws and regulations. Keeping pace with changes in the regulatory environment is a challenge for management, but we are committed to do so. We continually monitor our legal and regulatory performance, and will upgrade internal systems or change the way we do business when necessary in order to assure compliance. Our Company benefits from oversight by an active and informed Board of Directors. Our Directors provide the breadth of insight that only a group of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences can bring. They are diligent and engaged. I also believe that our Company benefits from the Walton family's involvement, which includes my brother, John, and me serving on the Board of Directors. The Walton family is, after all, a Shareholder too, and the interests of all Shareholders are served by the family's active attention to the business. We are proud of the corporate governance at Wal-Mart, and I invite you to review our governance documents in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website at www.walmartstores.com. This website also includes information about board members, officers and board committees. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I also invite and appreciate your thoughts and comments.You can contact us by e-mail, using the full name of the director as listed on the inside of the back cover of this Annual Report. For example, my e-mail address is srobsonwalton@wal-mart.com. To send a message to the full board, address it to directors@wal-mart.com. To reach only the independent directors, address the message to independentdirectors@wal-mart.com. Thank you for your support and confidence as we look forward to a great year. Sincerely,

3

appropriate, and we are not afraid of change." Rob Walton
We cannot, however, rest on these past accomplishments. Setting the highest standards for honesty, integrity and fairness in dealing with our stakeholders ­ which includes our Customers, Suppliers, Associates, and Communities ­ remains the essence of the Wal-Mart culture, and is central to our Company's long-term success. We do not accept the notion that business as usual is ever appropriate, and we are not afraid of change. My father, Sam Walton, said: "I've made it my own personal mission to ensure that constant change is a vital part of the Wal-Mart culture itself," and that spirit is alive and well at Wal-Mart today. We owe nothing less to our stakeholders, and we are committed

Rob Walton

