­ Rob Walton

Building smiles today and tomorrow.
I am asked often what my father, Sam Walton, who founded Wal-Mart in 1962, would think of our Company today. There is no doubt he'd be proud of our success and the 1.8 million associates who serve our customers every day. He also would be proud that we remain true to the fundamental principles of leadership and business that he was so instrumental in establishing. As Wal-Mart chairman, I assure you, our shareholders and associates, that our entire organization is more committed than ever to Dad's founding principles. Being a good and respectful employer: Wal-Mart offers tremendous opportunities for our associates to develop their professional skills and pursue a long-term career if they choose. Our management teams foster an environment where people are treated honestly and with respect. Improving the associate and customer shopping experience: We must improve every day in what we offer our associates and our customers. Our every day low price position is the basis for our business. While this core principle is critical to our growth and business strategy, by itself it is not enough anymore. This year, for example, our management team took the initial steps to revamp the field organization structure of Wal-Mart U.S. The new structure gives more authority and responsibility to those closest to the customer. It was not an easy change, but a necessary one that will better serve our customers and associates over the long term. We are driving similar improvement in other important business areas, including compliance, diversity, and health care benefits for our associates. Community citizenship: We have a responsibility and an opportunity to improve the quality of life in every community we serve. The tremendous potential we have was underscored in 2005 with the way our associates and Company responded to the hurricane disaster. The positive impact of our response was unparalleled in Wal-Mart's history and clearly strengthened our reputation as a corporate leader and good citizen. Actions like our hurricane response efforts provide a return on investment to our business ­ both short- and long-term. We are committed to applying our scale and efficiencies toward the public good around the world. Recently, we launched initiatives to take a leadership role in improving our operations and products for our customers that will benefit the environment. Our efforts, some of which are already in place, are designed to help conserve and sustain the natural resources of our planet in the future, as well as save money for the Company and ultimately our customers. And, these plans will continue to expand during the next several years. Integrity: There is no area of leadership more important than this one. Our culture is built on the highest level of integrity, and we will continue to hold all associates to these high standards. As a company and as individuals, we must continue to lead in these principles. Powerful leadership comes at all levels ­ from the board room, from store managers, and from cashiers, truck drivers and overnight stockers ­ who live daily the principles that make Wal-Mart a retail leader around the world.

Rob Walton
Chairman of the Board of Directors Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

