




TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS





 
2008 will be viewed by many as one of the most unique years in history. For our company as well as for the industry, it represented one of the most challenging. I am proud to say Western Refining worked with resolve and teamwork , achieving some positive
outcomes in a difficult year and positioning our company well for future growth. While our net earnings of $64.2 million for the full year of 2008 were lower  than our 2007 earnings of $238.6 million, the 2008 numbers were actually quite good in light of some very difficult circumstances . The average price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil in 2008 was $99.57 per barrel, reaching a July high of $147.27 per barrel. In the midst of this volatiltiy, we invested over $222 million of
capital to meet regulatory requirements, enhance our ability to process less expensive feedstocks, and to improve margin capabilities.
The objectives we planned for our company as we headed into 2008 could not have been met without the exceptional ability of our leadership team and the proficiency of our employees. Jeff Stevens will now be managing the operating groups of our company as President and Chief Operating Officer. Several of our key operating groups are represented in this report, and I think the true spirit of our company is reflected by these individuals and the teams they represent.
2008 saw significant enhancements to our refining operations. At the Yorktown refinery, we completed construction of the low-sulfur gasoline project. At the Four Corners refineries, we reduced crude costs by renegotiating a number of crude oil supply agreements, and made substantial improvements to our operations and maintenance practices. At the El Paso refinery, the DuPont™ sulfuric acid regeneration project was completed, and in the second
 
quarter of '09, our low-sulfur gasoline project will be complete. These projects will give us significantly better refining and margin capabilities.
Our safety and reliability track records remain some of the best in the industry. Considering the number of complex projects underway at each of our refineries throughout the past year, these accomplishments are outstanding.
I am also quite proud that during 2008 we were able to renegotiate our bank credit facilities. Western Refining has no debt maturing until 2012, giving us a much stronger comfort level with our credit facilities. Going forward, we will continue to look for ways to further enhance Western's financial flexibility, reduce debt, and strengthen our balance sheet.
Our Retail and Wholesale Groups did an exceptional job during the year.In our Retail Group, even while fuel volumes declined, we were able to increase fuel margins and merchandise sales. Our Wholesale Group increased fuel and lubricant sales and managed to improve margins on both product lines.
In summary, let me state that I am pleased with the company 's overall performance throughout 2008. We improved refining operations, restructured credit covenants, built more efficient and cost-conscious retail and wholesale operations, and we have solid management and operating teams in place.
I would like to thank our stockholders for the trust they have placed in Western Re fining. We will continue to do all we can to earn value for those stockholders, and to do it with a commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, and participation in the communities where we work. I also extend my appreciation to the Western Refining employees. They are the backbone of this company and I thank them for their commitment and hard work.
I am optimistic about what we will achieve in 2009 and beyond.

 
WESTERN REFINING, IN C.
 








NET SALES	$ 10,725,581
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES	$	285,575
ADJUSTED EBITDA	$	405,854
NET INCOME	$	64,197
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY	$	811,489

