       DEAR STOCKHOLDERS
  2007 was a year of tremendous change for our company and our industry. I believe that in the future, when we look back, 2007 will be viewed as a pivotal and critical time of strategic growth for Western Refining. With that growth came significant expectations and demands and I am confident that we have met, or will soon meet, the vast majority of those challenges.
Our company had net earnings of $238.6 million in 2007, compared to net earnings of $204.8 million in 2006. I am proud to report that this is a new record high in annual earnings, and the second consecutive year that Western has set earnings records. The 2007 increase in earnings was primarily the result of higher refinery gross margins and increased refinery throughput in El Paso.
Along with all the changes at Western Refining in 2007 came a number of significant challenges. Some of these challenges affected the entire industry. As 2007 ended and we began 2008, the oil market experienced the largest increase in crude oil prices in history. And although gasoline prices increased, those increases were not proportionate to crude oil costs. The net effect of these dramatic changes, industry-wide, was that margins were compressed and earnings decreased. We will continue to focus on refining costs and efficiency at all of our plants and we are committed to efficiently managing our feedstock costs and marketing activities to achieve the best possible results in these turbulent times.
Outside of unprecedented oil prices, which are out of our control, there were challenges that we could address, as a company. One of the major issues for Western Refining was to improve performance at our newly acquired facilities, and make the operations more consistent with the performance at our El Paso refinery. We have taken a number of measures to accomplish this, as well as to make all of our operations as safe and reliable as possible.
Our first step was to transfer certain maintenance and engineering personnel from our El Paso facility to our Yorktown and Gallup refineries. We also hired new refinery managers for both locations. These moves have served us well to implement specific improvement initiatives. As an example, in Yorktown we improved coker operations to 21,000 barrels per day, which is 17% above historical performance. This will also allow for additional processing of heavier crude oils at Yorktown. The Yorktown refinery is now operating at approximately 70,000 barrels of crude oil per day, which is a capacity increase of approximately 8,000 barrels per day, about 13% higher than historical operations. In addition, improved operations at the Four Corners refineries in the fourth quarter of 2007 allowed us to demon- strate combined crude oil throughput capacity in excess of 40,000 barrels per day. Our El Paso refinery continued to have strong operating perfor- mance with total refinery throughput increasing for the fifth consecutive year to its current level of approximately 125,000 barrels of crude oil per day.
In another improvement initiative, we renegotiated, terminated, or secured lower-cost feedstock agree- ments for all three of the former Giant refineries.
With these new or revised agreements in place, we estimate that we will experience savings of at least $75 million per year in the cost of raw materials.
Overall, the growth of Western and the integration of the Giant assets are proceeding as planned. As a result of the acquisition of Giant Industries, we have become national in scope. We have become a whole- sale and a retail company, and we have grown from a company with approximately 350 employees to one of almost 4,000. Integrating business cultures is never easy, but we believe the people and operations of these two companies have made significant strides in becoming one great company. We see the progress of this every day. While we realize there are still goals we need to reach, we believe we have made the right investments, not only in physical assets, but in people and the communities in which they live.
Western Refining will continue its focus on opera- tional enhancements and financial improvements in 2008. The DuPont SAR project in El Paso is completed and in start up mode now. The low-sulfur gasoline project at the Yorktown refinery is also completed and in start up mode, and low-sulfur gasoline projects in El Paso are underway and scheduled for completion in 2009. We will continue to work on a number of initiatives targeted at reducing processing costs and improving energy efficiency at all four refineries. During 2008, we plan to implement reductions in corporate overhead, resulting in savings of approximately $15 million from the 2007 Western/Giant combined level.
As always, I want to extend my heartfelt thanks to each and every employee of Western Refining. As a company, we have an unwavering dedication to safety and to protecting the environment. It is because of each individual’s performance that we are successful. The dedication and commitment of these employees allow the Western Refining name to stand for quality, safety, and stewardship.
In closing, I would like to share with you how proud I am of where we are today as a company. I believe we have made great progress through a large and complex merger of people, assets, and cultures. It is my belief that how we achieved this was as important as what we achieved. And I am confident that throughout the merger, our manner spoke positively to our investors, our employees, our communities, and the industry. By setting high standards in safety, plant technology, environmental stewardship, efficiency, and civic and charitable involvement, we believe Western Refining will not only enjoy contin- ued growth, but will be on the right course as we meet tomorrow’s challenges.
Sincerely,
Paul L. Foster
President and Chief Executive Officer Western Refining, Inc.
 