                      To All Worthington Industries Shareholders:
We performed well in fiscal 2008, despite unprecedented increases in our raw material costs, especially steel, and a slowing economy. Our main businesses each contributed to improve our performance, particularly in the last two quarters. The escalating pricing environment provided some benefit to Steel Processing and Metal Framing, but only added costs to our other businesses. The Pressure Cylinders group did a great job of dealing with the increases by reducing operational expenses, while growing new and existing product lines and delivering a strong performance. Steel Processing successfully developed new markets and new customers. We changed the leadership of Metal Framing last year. Both new and veteran leaders are committed to returning that business to earning above historic norms, and their efforts led to Metal Framings’ return to profitability in the fourth quarter. We are very pleased with the continuing strong performances of our joint ventures, particularly the Worthington Armstrong Venture (WAVE). WAVE has found ways to meet or exceed its targets in all market conditions.
In our results for fiscal year 2008, net sales of $3.1 billion were 3% higher than fiscal 2007. Net earnings were $107.1 million, or $1.31 per diluted share, compared to $113.9 million, or $1.31 per diluted share last year. The current year results included $18.1 million of restructuring charges, which reduced earnings by $0.15 per share. Across the company, we are focused on reducing costs and selectively expanding our market reach. We began with two initiatives, one focused on reducing costs and the other on improving our asset utilization, especially in Metal Framing, where we closed or downsized five operations. These initiatives grew into a transformational effort, including major initiatives in our three largest segments to grow net income. The mission of the transformation is to significantly improve the company’s fundamental earnings potential over the next three years.
Our employees continued to drive improved safety through our SafeWorks program. From 2004 to 2008, our recordable injury rate has been cut in half and our lost time incident rate has declined by two thirds. During the same time frame, the number of workers’ compensation claims has been cut by more than half, while our actual claims experience has dropped by several million dollars. I’m proud to report that we have created a belief across the company that zero accidents is possible and achievable.
Our outlook for 2009 is cautious, largely because of the economic uncertainty in the automotive and commercial construction markets, and in steel pricing. These potential headwinds have heightened our sense of urgency to transform the company. We are committed to implementing the many identified opportunities to improve profits in Steel Processing, to returning Metal Framing to historic levels of profitability and to growing Pressure Cylinders. We are

encouraged by the results of our steel transformation pilot at our Baltimore facility, which involves a bottom-up, clean sheet look at how we can enhance profitability, including a focus on operations, sales and sourcing. This effort will be replicated at each of our steel facilities and is just starting in Metal Framing. The result of the bottom-up review will be an action plan for each of our steel and metal framing facilities. I am excited about the response from our employees to participate in providing ideas and developing the plan, and in making necessary changes and improvements. We are all motivated by our early successes in the transformation. At the same time, we will continue to drive our cost reduction efforts throughout the company.
I cannot complete this letter without noting the passing of my father, our founder, John H. McConnell. Even though he stepped down from the business long ago, I will miss his support and encouragement. I know our employees will miss the opportunity to stop by and say hello to him. While it is difficult to imagine him not being here, he has left us with an enduring legacy through his incredible vision for this company and the philosophy that he created and is instilled in each of us. It gives me comfort to know that such an important part of him is still with us, guiding us as we navigate through the challenges and successes ahead.
I remain personally committed to leading this business forward and delivering upon our first corporate goal, earning money for you, our shareholders, and increasing the value of your investment.
Thank you for your continued loyalty and support. Sincerely,
John P. McConnell Chairman and CEO
 