  To All Worthington Industries Shareholders:
The last nine months of our fiscal year 2009 will long be remembered as the steepest, fastest decline in the U.S. economy since the Great Depression. There is no need to elaborate further, as it was felt in every aspect of our economy, as well as around the globe.
For fiscal year 2009, net sales of $2,631.3 million, were 14% lower than the $3,067.2 million reported last year. Net loss was $108.2 million, or $1.37 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $107.1 million, or $1.31 per diluted share, for fiscal 2008. Annual results were negatively impacted by rapidly declining steel prices and pre-tax charges of $140.0 million related to goodwill impairment and restructuring charges. It was a very tough nine months for Steel Processing and Metal Framing, after beginning the fiscal year with record first quarter results for Steel and greatly improved results for Metal Framing. The Pressure Cylinders business and our joint venture, Worthington Armstrong Venture (WAVE), have both experienced year- over-year declines due to the recession, but continue to produce solid results. Cylinders and WAVE have long shared a dedication to annual cost reductions and product innovation and that paid dividends in the current environment. Cylinders introduced new lines of business in both the OEM and retail markets over the past year, and WAVE recently introduced an innovative, low voltage, electrified grid system which has industry changing potential.
In March 2008, Worthington Industries officially launched GO Forward as our company-wide Transformation effort.

 GO Forward...Transforming Worthington Industries
We are fortunate. While volume declines have taken a toll across the board, they hit hardest in our Steel Processing and Metal Framing businesses where we had been hard at work changing and improving
our business model well before the recession took hold. We had already taken steps to reduce our costs, including SG&A at our headquarters, and improve operating efficiencies in Steel Processing and Metal Framing. More importantly, we identified many opportunities for further improvement, allowing us to act quickly, but thoughtfully. We were well prepared to make changes to position these businesses to not only survive the recession, but to prosper in its aftermath.
To date, we have completed or have underway more than 300 initiatives aimed at reducing cost or improving margins. Some initiatives have fallen short of their identified opportunity while others have exceeded their targets. The most important aspect of our work is that it continues. Additional opportunities are being identified, sized, executed and tracked every month.
As our Transformation efforts began, we were first focused on cost reductions in corporate, Steel Processing and Metal Framing. We quickly recognized the opportunity to become better at everything we do and began fundamental reviews of our operations, sales and purchasing in both Steel Processing and Metal Framing. It was not change for change sake, but rather making fundamental improvements in business practices to better meet and exceed the expectations of our customers, suppliers, employees and ultimately our shareholders. It can be hard to look in the mirror, but I can tell you where there was skepticism, we now have champions. Where we had doubters, we now have leaders taking on new assignments to find better, more efficient ways to work with their fellow employees. I am very proud of our willingness throughout the Company to cast aside once successful practices and replace them with innovative approaches to meet the business challenges today and into the future.
By integrating a systemic approach to improvement into the heart of our businesses, we believe our
cost reductions and productivity gains, as well as our initiatives to enhance our markets and margins are sustainable. They are not just knee jerk reactions to the economic downturn. Today we are operating with 20% fewer employees than we did in fiscal 2007. We can maintain this level of employment well into recovery within our existing footprint because the reductions were a result of fundamental restructuring within the organization and tremendous gains in productivity.
     
 Leading Change
We have pushed our employees to get better at what they do and make the Company better. They
are embracing this environment of constant change with confidence. Our head start and continued commitment to significant improvement makes me confident we will achieve the first of two primary goals we set in response to the recession: weather the storm and come out a better Company. My confidence does not emanate from believing the worst is over, but from our ability to keep pace with any additional downturn.
Our second primary goal was to maintain a strong balance sheet and the borrowing capacity to execute on opportunities the recession creates. I believe we will be successful in achieving this goal as well.
We entered fiscal 2010 with over $434.0 million available on our bank credit lines. We will use our financial strength cautiously while considering both horizontal and vertical integration opportunities.
We begin fiscal 2010 without clear vision of what will happen with the economy. Volumes have stabilized over the past several months, albeit at levels which are down substantially from fiscal 2008. We are well prepared to act as needed, whether the economy turns down for a second time or begins a modest
or rapid recovery. We are planning for all of these possibilities in order to maximize the value of your investment. While the economy has been derailed, we have been building our momentum around the Go Forward movement. It started first in our leadership team and spread throughout the organization.
It has been an exciting thing to witness.
Thank you for the confidence you have demonstrated by being a shareholder. Our priority remains increasing the value of your investment. While the recession has created a huge impediment for businesses throughout the country, we have taken actions focused on positioning us to be successful in achieving that priority. As we continue to Go Forward, we will work hard to produce results that enhance shareholder value, regardless of the economic climate. I am committed to that goal, along with the other 6,400 employees of Worthington Industries.
Sincerely,
John P. McConnell
Chairman and CEO
        