 Left to Right: W. Robert Berkley, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer, William R. Berkley, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Chairman’s Letter
To Our Shareholders:
We are pleased with our 2012 results. The Company’s return on equity reached 12.9% and our pre-tax earnings exceeded $700 million. Our insurance business benefitted from both higher rates, up approximately 6.5%, and an increase in premium volume.
We continue to anticipate improving financial results for the next several years. It is our view that rate increases in most lines of business will substantially exceed increases in loss costs. The further development of our many recently started operating units should generate substantial premium growth and the hardening market environment should allow our core businesses to regain customers from more aggressive competitors.
Our investment strategy has evolved over the last several years from investing almost entirely in fixed income marketable securities to a slightly more diverse portfolio.
Today our high-quality, fixed-income portfolio, with an average rating of AA-, represents
 5

We have been a public company for 40 years.
In each of those years our enterprise has changed and evolved to better focus on our goal of optimizing risk-adjusted return.
approximately 85% of our investable assets. Approximately 25 years ago, we slowly started down this diversification path by investing part of our portfolio in a merger- arbitrage strategy. During the past five years, we have expanded our array of investable assets to include direct mortgage lending, real estate owned for investment purposes, and a series of other asset classes which offer us better yields on high-quality assets. While we have given up the short-term liquidity of marketable securities, there is more than adequate liquidity in the overall portfolio. This has proved to be a good strategy and has benefitted our investment returns. We have also increased our common stock portfolio to obtain attractive dividend yields along with the additional potential for capital gains.
Our business continues its focus on optimizing risk-adjusted return. The complexity
of this goal in an environment with as much volatility as we currently face creates challenges which are particularly difficult given the economic model we operate within. The property casualty business has always faced the uncertainty of not knowing true loss costs until months or years after the product has been priced. Today, with so much economic and social uncertainty and political turmoil, the assumptions we make are more difficult to estimate. That being said, risk and uncertainty create opportunities
for our business. If our customers did not face such situations, they would have little necessity to buy our product. While, for all these reasons, the economic model of our industry has become somewhat more challenging, the product we sell is becoming more essential to our customers. The current difficult economic environment has in fact enhanced the need for the type of safety net provided by insurance.
The biggest challenge to current industry earnings is the low level of interest rates. With interest rates at all-time lows, one of the key sources of profitability is under pressure. Prices must be raised not just to offset prior year price reductions, but to ameliorate the lost income from lower interest rates. To offset the past several years’ investment income declines alone requires price increases of between 7% - 14% depending on the line of business.
2012 was the second year in a row of significant price increases. Some of our lines of business are now back to or above the rate levels they were at before price erosion began. Others have significant distances to go to regain their past pricing levels. But even when
6

Chairman’s Letter
14.2%
Total Return
Stock price plus dividends
those are attained, we still must compensate for the modest deterioration in loss costs and the adverse impact of lower returns on our investment portfolio in order to achieve our targeted returns.
We expect price increases in 2013 to further improve our profitability. Our Company focuses on underwriting profits. We continue to believe these will be achieved and will substantially increase over the next several years.
Last year we continued to add new specialty units as we developed expertise in particular lines of business or focused our distribution on products in particular regions. The business continued to develop its global reach, expanding its footprint in Europe,
Asia and Latin America. When people ask about our business, we talk in terms of combining capital with outstanding people and wrapping it all in a culture that is focused on optimizing returns, but returns always measured in terms of risk. We constantly search on a strategic basis for areas that we believe offer opportunities due to changes in the environment or market dislocations. Simultaneously, we are always searching for great people - people who bring expertise, leadership and relationships. This strategic outlook positions us to seize opportunities since we always strive to be prepared. Approximately one-third of our business today is derived from businesses we started within the past six years.
We have been a public company for 40 years. In each of those years our enterprise
has changed and evolved to better focus on our goal of optimizing risk-adjusted return. In spite of 40 years of change, each year we find new things to do, create different approaches to our business, and learn how to better serve our customers. We believe change is not a process but rather a way of managing an enterprise, and in today’s world, this has proved to be a valuable competitive strength for our Company. The insurance business is grounded in a promise based upon a contract. The contract defines the terms of agreement between the customer and the company assuming the risk. How each party behaves used to be defined in terms of the utmost good faith. Our Company and some others continue to behave this way. We are proud that we continue to believe that treating our customers fairly and appropriately is one of our competitive advantages. As Mark Twain said, “Always do right. This will gratify some people, and astonish the rest.”
The insurance business is an extremely competitive industry. We believe that people
7

ultimately purchase insurance to have their claims paid appropriately, in accordance with the policy terms, and in the long run this greatly enhances our business. It creates a permanent competitive advantage that can only be acquired over many years with consistent discipline. It is the starting point of building our culture. Treat your customer fairly.
We require outstanding employees to maintain our culture – people with expertise and knowledge of not just the industry but their product and territory; not generalists, but people who focus and who have the ability to answer customers’ questions and meet customer needs, no matter how complex. Having the best people who are committed, not just to their profession but to meeting the needs of our clients, is a key building block of our enterprise.
We must have the capacity from a financial point of view to meet even the unforeseen event and continue on to meet all of our obligations.
The third building block requires outstanding distribution partners. On a global basis
we need agents and brokers who want to meet the needs of their customers. Often times the customers may not know exactly what coverage they need. It is our job and the distribution partners’ job, working together as partners, to provide the ultimate customer with the solutions that are required. The partnership between the company and its distribution is an ongoing relationship. At times, when the insurance marketplace is especially competitive, the role of the brokers and agents becomes more critical. In other environments, when there is a lack of industry capacity for a specific line of business or many lines of business, the company tends to assume the role of lead partner. In either case, success for both only happens when the customers’ needs are met and in the event of a claim, the risk being protected is in fact ameliorated by the policy that was issued.
The final piece that is required for our success is financial strength. We must have the capacity from a financial point of view to meet even the unforeseen event and continue
on to meet all of our obligations. For the nonbusiness-related unforeseen events within the economy, the financial capacity of an insurance company is the final backstop. It is important that in managing our enterprise day-to-day we recognize that we will be tested in the worst of times, not in the best of times. And in managing our Company we must ensure that our own risk management evaluation is built around fulfilling all of our obligations, in even the unforeseen environment.
8

Chairman’s Letter
We sell insurance in order to make returns for our shareholders and we do this by building a competitive advantage so people benefit from doing business with us. Investors entrust their capital to our Company. They do this because they expect an outstanding return. We achieve that return by doing all of the above and by constantly adjusting to
the ever-changing environment.
In 2012 we continued with this process of ongoing change. We established three new enterprises and many people have joined us to help further expand our existing companies. We started a new excess and surplus lines enterprise called Berkley Custom Insurance Managers. In addition, we established Berkley Public Entity Managers, which specializes in insuring municipalities and other public entities; and finally, Berkley Latin America Caribbean Managers. We continued our strategies into 2013 with the establishment of
18.0%
Average Annual Gain 1974-2012
in per share book value with dividends included
Berkley Southeast Insurance Group and Berkley Fire & Marine. We are excited about these new ventures and particularly about the ongoing opportunities for all of our recent start-ups.
The investment part of our business continues to be challenging. The inevitable risks of inflation are just around the corner. We expect interest rates to continue at this low level for at least the balance of the year and in all likelihood into next year. The U.S. and the rest of the world are stressed by a lack of robust economic activity and a population that expects a better life in the future. In the recent past, the world’s governments have borrowed from the future to fund this shortfall. It is impossible that this situation can continue. At some point a better future requires that the pie get bigger because you only can delay paying for the future for a limited amount of time. Up until now, the central banks have forced interest rates to stay low and thus inflation has not reared its ugly head. It is likely, however, to do so.
In spite of what most people think, during inflationary periods, property casualty companies have delivered satisfactory financial results. So, an inflationary period in and of itself is not of great concern. The risk we face, however, is how it may affect the value of our bond portfolio, and consequently our reported capital. If the duration of our investments is long and the investments have interest rates that are below the then-current market, it may
9

No enterprise can be a success, no matter what its philosophy or how good its industry, without the commitment and dedication of its team.
create a substantial portfolio loss. This is a serious potential exposure; however, if we manage our duration, it is unlikely to have a consequential effect.
We have consciously managed our duration in anticipation of increased inflation and the effects on the portfolio. Thus, we have shortened the duration of our portfolio and sought out investments that offer us more attractive returns, while giving up short-term marketability. Our cash position has also increased as has our common stock portfolio. Overall, we have been able to maintain our total return and believe we will be able to do so in spite of the current uncertain environment.
No enterprise can be a success, no matter what its philosophy or how good its industry, without the commitment and dedication of its team. We have over 7,000 people around the world who are committed to our success. Each and every one of them is an important participant in the successful outcome that we are able to deliver to our customers, our agents and brokers and our shareholders. They each warrant a thank you. We would have no business without our agents and brokers who choose to do business with our companies. Every day they have a choice and we appreciate the fact that they have elected to bring their customers’ business to us. And while we work hard, it is a choice they make every day. We want to be sure to thank them, and ultimately, our shareholders who provide us with capital.
We have a long-term view. We work hard to acknowledge our errors and to be as transparent as possible. Optimizing risk-adjusted return over the long run has allowed us to deliver exceptional benefits to our shareholders. We believe we can continue to do so in the foreseeable future.
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 10
