WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
These results would be exciting and worthy of recognition if they were a singular event, but given this is our fifth consecutive year of achieving extraordinary results,
we believe it is important to put the numbers in context.
 This was an outstanding year by almost any measure. We had record earnings and earnings per share; our after-tax return on equity was in excess of 27%; and our balance sheet has never been stronger. We improved our market position and continue to attract outstanding people to join our enterprise. These results would be exciting and worthy of recognition if they were a singular event, but given this is our fifth consecutive year of achieving extraordi- nary results, we believe it is important to put the numbers in context. It is the
development and implementation of our strategy that has created the Company’s competitive advantage. It is our strategy that will enable us to continue to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns in the years to come. Now, as in the past, we are committed to achieving after-tax returns in excess of 15% for our shareholders. We have done this on a compound basis for the past 33 years.
The outstanding results we have achieved over the past several years did not happen
by accident. Nor was it good luck that allowed us to avoid the extreme volatility that many of our competitors experienced. Our results reflect strategic decisions made during the past decade to optimize our risk-adjusted returns. We made many hard decisions to build a better business model.
The challenge we face each day is to ensure that we continue to make good decisions that are reflective of the ever-changing environment. We must extrap- olate risk and return characteristics within
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  2
  
  3
  the constantly changing economic and social climate as we build our future strategy.
Our financial performance reflects the commitment of our people and their efforts every day. They create the value that is the cornerstone of our success. For the past three decades, we have said that outstanding implementation is the key to great performance for a property casualty company. This is just as true today as when we started our Company. It was the theme of last year’s annual report. The best implementation is most effective when built around an effective strategy. We work on both strategy and implementation to
deliver outstanding long-term performance. This year we will focus our presentation on the long-term perspective which we use to create our strategic direction.
The mechanics of managing a property casualty business are simple in concept, complex in implementation, and require a constant blend of discipline and flexibility. Unlike most businesses, an insurance company can only estimate the correct price for its product when it sells the policy. This estimate is even more tenuous because the true extent of the loss can only be estimated for some extended period of time, until the claim is settled and the
It is our strategy that will enable us to continue to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns in the years to come. Now, as in the past, we
are committed to achieving after-tax returns in excess of 15% for our shareholders. We have done this on a compound basis for the
past 33 years.
financial transaction achieves finality. The true costs are not known until long after the prices are established, therefore the inherent challenge of the business begins with a less certain foundation.
The critical nature of these estimates has enormous impacts on both the income statement and the balance sheet of our Company. We spend a lot of time and effort making sure we get these numbers right. Our goal is to reserve the proper amount to pay claims, not too much or too little. Getting reserves right also gives us the data we need to price our business appro- priately in order to earn the profit margin
27% AFTER-TAX RETURN ON EQUITY
LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE

LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE
we expect. We need to constantly refine our estimates to achieve greater precision as quickly as possible. Our people in the field work diligently to get these numbers right, because they understand that they are important in achieving our financial success. Well-managed insurance compa- nies must be structured to absorb the unanticipated volatility that may come about from so many estimates being used in their financial model.
The process of building our strategy begins with an examination of the economic, social and regulatory environment, as well as directional trends. We started with the proposition that we wanted to sell insur- ance to those who need to buy it. When we defined those who need to buy insurance, we particularly meant to eliminate those large, financially well-established enterprises
The outstanding results we have achieved over the past several years did not happen by accident. Nor was it
good luck that allowed us to avoid the extreme volatility that many of our competitors experienced. Our results reflect strategic decisions made during the past decade to optimize our risk-adjusted return.
that purchase insurance as a risk arbitrage, buying only when the premiums are less than the value of the protection being provided.
We also concluded that social and regula- tory pressure would exert substantial impacts on personal lines insurance. We felt that rate adequacy and underwriting flexibility would prove to be substantial political temptations and no matter how important the laws of economics might be, at least in the short run, politics would likely be a major driver in personal lines.
Thus, our fundamental strategy became serving the mid-sized risks in the commer- cial insurance market. While some of the underlying assumptions do not apply outside the United States, domestically, commercial lines are driven primarily by economic reality.
Our business model went a step further. When we examined both property and casualty businesses over the long run, the cumulative returns were somewhat better in the casualty business than in the prop- erty business. The difference in aggregate returns was small. The biggest difference between the property and casualty business was that property business had much more volatility and thus much less predictability year to year. It also relied heavily on reinsurance. In an industry where capital is essential, volatility by its very nature requires a higher return. In the case of the property insurance business, this is often not available. We therefore created a business model in the United States to focus on commercial casualty insurance business, doing some property business, but with the focus of over 80% of our business being casualty oriented.
  4
  
  5
  The economics that drive this model result in more investment income and a more predictable, less volatile return.
The historic risk in the casualty business has been one we referred to earlier, that of being able to establish the right level of reserves to pay future losses and concomitantly establish the right pricing levels for future business. Thus, a part of our long-term success is derived from our obsession with having adequate levels of reserves. It is axiomatic for an insurance company to get its numbers right if long- term survival is an important concern. We think we do well in this area.
Having defined our marketplace as mid-sized commercial business, we then focused on the areas where we believed characteristics existed that would allow us
to tailor products to specific local needs. We do this by selling insurance through our subsidiary companies that have special expertise in products or focus on geographic territories, and thus, have a com- petitive advantage over others who offer a more homogenous, by-the-book view to risk selection and pricing.
We focus on delivering our expertise through brokers and agents who have client relationships that are based on service and added value, not just selling the lowest price. As an insurer, our job is to provide financial security for the unanticipated or unpredictable event. We have built our business model this way and continue to do so. The first step in our process is risk selection. We have people with expertise in each line of business and each territory where we operate. It is this knowledge-based
pricing and risk selection that give us an advantage. We spend substantial time and effort focusing on claims handling. We try to treat claimants fairly, with a desire to pay neither too much nor too little, and we combine this with care in selecting our distribution partners. These are the basics. But our strategy is somewhat more complex.
We choose to do business in places where we believe we have a reasonable opportunity to make an acceptable return. We do not write all lines of business in all states. We do not have the intention of doing business in every country in the world. When we select lines of business to write and locations to do business, we make these decisions independently, after careful analysis and close examination of the facts. We look at each part of our business,
The mechanics of managing a property casualty business are simple in concept, complex in implementation, and require a constant blend of discipline and flexibility.
LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE

LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE
Long-term perspective
in this business means
a recognition that the unanticipated, unforeseen, even unimagined event will happen sometime, and you need to build
your business model in a manner that reflects that possibility.
measuring risk in terms of exposure, volatility and predictability.
After considering the risk part of the decision, we then try to understand how we make money. Can we maintain a long-term competitive advantage? Will the returns be enough to warrant the exposures being assumed? There are times we might look at several lines of business together, and times when we might examine each line individually. But we never feel compelled to move forward if the absolute risk-adjusted return is unacceptable.
Long-term perspective in this business means a recognition that the unanticipated, unforeseen, even unimagined event will happen sometime, and you need to build your business model in a manner that reflects that possibility. When possible, all policies should have policy limits and
defense costs included within that limit. Exclusions of unforeseen or unimagined events should be clear. This is a business where included, rather than excluded, coverage should be defined.
In building our business strategy, we have attempted to keep the management of each of our enterprises as close to the customer as possible. We have 31 operating units, 25 of which we started, the balance were acquired. From a management perspective, the primary responsibility of the President of each of these 31 operating units is to be in touch with their customers and understand that they are responsible for the profitability of their enterprise. Along with the 31 Presidents of the operating companies, the key leadership in our Company is the senior officers at the parent Company. This group and all our dedicated operating people make our Company a
success. It is their decisions and sense of their individual marketplace that allow our enterprise to constantly adjust to the changing environment. It is this decentralized structure, one of our strategic cornerstones, that helps us continue to change and maintain our flexibility.
At the parent Company we spend our time on strategy and Company-wide concerns. We help ensure our continued strategic focus on risk-adjusted return. We buy reinsurance for the group to adjust our aggregate risk profile and ensure that the group as a whole is well protected from the unforeseen event. We manage the $12 billion portfolio of cash and invested assets. Historically, this has been managed in a very cautious fashion because we have always chosen to take our risk on the underwriting side of the business rather than the investment side. The people at
  6
  
  7
  the holding company are advisors, leaders, and consultants to all our operating units. Holding company employees represent less than 1.5% of our total workforce. We examine our capital structure, deciding how much equity we need, the amount and maturities of debt, and the type of other equity and debt-like securities that are appropriate. We have always had a capital structure that could withstand difficult times and short-term unpredictable volatility. Our balance sheet reflects that today and we expect it to continue.
In April our business will be 40 years old. It is a long way from our start when I was at Harvard Business School. The success of the enterprise is a reflection of the efforts of many people. Some made great contributions, others seemingly small. The list would be too long to try to include everybody. From secretaries, to file clerks, to people who cared that the offices were clean, people showed commitment and had
perseverance when things did not go well. One can never say enough about these people. There are some that stand out over the many years that I cannot fail to mention, either because of their impact on me or merely the length of their commitment: Ned Johnson at Fidelity, a man who taught me lawyers are not an excuse to break your word; and John Gutfreund, who believed if you gave your word you were supposed to live by your commitment. There are several other people who were around at the start: Bob Hodes, H. R. Shepherd, and Duncan Miller, whose advice helped us get through many challenging times. Scott Cunningham, my professor at business school and former Director and consultant at W. R. Berkley Corporation, has been with me for most of these years. I have been fortunate to have two Directors for over 30 years, who have been the best advisors anyone could ask for: Jack Nusbaum and Mark Shapiro.
Our Company is still small and we are only beginning to achieve our potential. The opportunities have never been greater. The people within the Company have more capacity to achieve great things. Our agents and brokers are incredible partners. The employees who make all the pieces work are the best. We look forward to many more successful years, one day at a time.
WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE LONG-TERMPERFORMANCE LONG-TERMPERSPECTIVE
