 To Our Shareholders:
This has been a terrific year for our Company. We have improved our market position, strengthened our management team, and delivered the highest returns we have ever achieved. We have accomplished all this while repositioning our Company to a new level among the major players in the commercial lines property casualty business in America. Today, we are a company with the financial strength and intellectual capacity to selectively participate in the property casualty business on a global basis.
2 / W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION

 The property casualty insurance business is a unique industry. While appearing quite straightforward, it has many hidden risks which do not exist in most businesses. It is this deceptive simplicity that makes it so treacherous for the uninitiated risk taker. The primary reason for this is that our costs are unknown at the time we make a commitment to assume future uncertain liabilities. In our industry, the cornerstone of profitability is the ability to assess both the amount of and the likelihood that these uncertain future events will become claims against the insurance policies we issue.
04 ANNUAL REPORT / 3

In examining our performance, we not only focus on returns, growth rate and policy count, but spend substantial resources monitoring exposures on all types of risks. Our goal is to obtain the optimal risk-adjusted return. We always seek an appropriate insurance premium measured relative to the risk assumed. The goal is to always have an underwriting profit, with appropriate recognition of the unknowns in the future. We do this through an institutional focus on particular niches in the business, and combine that strategy with opportunistic behavior to ensure that we seize every opportunity when the risk-adjusted returns are at their highest. The success of our enterprise is derived from our ability to make good risk selections through outstanding underwriting, and to be effective at handling claims, ensuring that we are paying the appropriate amount and only when a claim is warranted. Success in this industry is effectively managing every piece of the insurance process with care and attention.
The efforts put forth each day are not based on the economic model of our industry, the law of large numbers, but on each transaction. We manage our business one risk at a time, but our strategy requires that we be cognizant of the overall industry environment. While we must deal with each transaction individually, industry trends and the overall competitive environment will always impact our activities. When pricing relative to risk is more attractive, we seek to grow the fastest; when risks seem to be overwhelming the available price levels, greater discipline is required. It is this strategy that has allowed us to achieve excellent results in 2004.
We manage our business in a very straightforward way. Each of our operating units is delegated the authority required for them to accomplish their tasks. We believe that keeping decision making as close to the customer as possible enhances our ability to be responsive and to get pricing, claims handling, and service optimally aligned. It is our job to establish strategy with each operating unit and to provide them with the necessary resources to implement their plans. Each operating unit’s perform- ance is then carefully measured, looking not only at results, but examining the risks to ensure that appropriate considerations are being made for the future. We then hold the management of each operating unit accountable for these results. At Berkley, people are accountable and are rewarded for performance.
The day-to-day implementation of such basic strategies – and how effective people are in their execution – has made the difference in our enterprise. It is difficult not to become seduced by the lower expenses offered by consolidation. It is alluring to focus on costs, as they are so clear and defined. At Berkley, we focus on risk-adjusted returns. To us that means a focus on underwriting, claims, and on having the right people who understand what they are responsible for.
The Strategy. We continue to invest in adding the best people, in expanding our product offer- ings, and in developing additional distribution capabilities. Our concentration remains commercial casualty business as we seek out niches within the marketplace where expertise and relationships allow us to build a brighter future.
4 / W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION

   “Our goal is to produce superior long-term returns for our shareholders by optimizing risk-adjusted returns. We consistently achieve this goal by adhering to an entrepreneurial philosophy that places decision making and accountability as close to the customer as possible.”
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
04 ANNUAL REPORT / 5
>
 
The Specialty segment continues to work diligently to seek out new opportunities in its niche markets. It derives most of its business from wholesale brokers, who provide the retail marketplace with specialized products which individual insurance agents might only require access to a few times each year. The expertise delivered by wholesalers is valuable because of their knowledge of current market conditions, availability, and the appropriate types of coverage for a particular risk. Yet merely having distribution is not enough. Underwriting expertise for these specialty products is a requirement, and our people, with their long experience and knowledge base, represent the foundation of our specialty operations. The other piece of that foundation is our claims handling ability. Expertise and knowledge of both coverage and of the current state of affairs in our legal system represent the third pillar of our specialty business. Together these building blocks allow us to focus on expansion on an opportunistic basis. This is a business that requires specialized distribution, claims handling expertise, and, above all, real underwriting knowledge.
Our Regional business units are local leaders in the markets they serve, having attained their positions by providing innovative products tailored to their local environments, personalized service, and by maintaining selective relationships with the best local agents in each operating territory. We search out agencies that provide outstanding service and transparency to their customers and work diligently to become part of their customer focused problem solving. This relationship works because both parties strive to solve the ultimate customer’s needs to mitigate risk.
The relationship of our Company to its agents, and the agent to the policyholder, is both complex and simple at the same time. The agent is a representative of the company. However, that agent must offer transparent service to the client in selecting both the appropriate coverage and a highly reputable insurance carrier. As part of the Independent Agency distribution system, one of the agent’s jobs is to make just such a recommendation to the customer. We believe our agents, in fact, take this responsibility seriously and fulfill their jobs on behalf of the client effectively. We intend to continue to expand these relationships, while meeting the specific market needs of each of our operating territories.
The Alternative Markets business has a dual focus built around workers’ compensation, primarily concentrating on self-insureds or insurance of owner-managed enterprises. We also manage the administrative processes for a large number of self-insureds and municipal groups. The Alternative Markets segment is especially focused on delivering insurance solutions based on an analytical frame- work to help these enterprises reduce their insurance costs. Workers’ compensation requires such an approach because the liability for payment stretches so far into the future. The uncertainty is great because of the potential length of time until the ultimate payment of benefits is extinguished. We continue to build our workers’ compensation expertise, enhancing our database of information as we strive to be the premier knowledge based provider of such service and risk transfer mechanisms.
6 / W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION

Our Reinsurance business, which operates in a number of areas, is written through Berkley Insurance Company. Our facultative business operates both on a broker market basis through Facultative ReSources and on a direct basis through B F Re. Unlike most of our competitors, our facultative business represents an equal piece of our reinsurance operation. We have become one of the leading facultative markets in the industry due to our experienced underwriting team, which has continued to demonstrate discipline and opportunistic expansion at the appropriate times through changing market cycles.
Our treaty reinsurance business, written through Signet Star Re, continues to move towards more specialized underwriting, providing a type of long-term capital for companies that are looking for a reliable industry partner. This company continues to reposition itself to represent the historic ideal of a treaty reinsurance partner. We have opportunistically undertaken quota share reinsurance arrangements at Lloyd’s, which continue to offer us excellent returns, and will participate for as long as such oppor- tunities are attractive. At Berkley Underwriting Partners, our program business is effectively growing into a viable market for high-quality small Managing General Underwriters, where specialized expertise creates value.
Our International business, which operates primarily in Argentina, has survived and prospered despite the volatile local economic environment, due to the strategy built by its management team there. We have succeeded by building flexibility and responsiveness into the system, while maintaining customer service and financial stability.
The Year in Review. The headline describing our year would be “outstanding underwriting results, extraordinarily low paid loss ratios, and record returns on capital, in spite of low investment returns.” Management is pleased by these highlights. We chose to continue to grow our business
as aggressively as possible and achieved growth of over 16% in premium volume. Our investment portfolio grew significantly in 2004 as a result of over $1.6 billion of operating cash flow. Although investment yields available in this low interest rate environment are not so attractive, we were able
to take advantage of our strong cash flow to lower the overall investment duration and expand our alternative investment portfolio into several new areas. While insurance market conditions were more attractive at the beginning of 2004 than at the end of 2004, even at the end of the year the returns were outstanding both in an absolute sense and relative to the risks being assumed. The attractiveness of the current risk-adjusted returns relate favorably to what was available in the late 1980’s. Given the reconfiguration of our mix of business with an emphasis on commercial casualty lines, the available returns to our shareholders have never been as great as they currently are. The enterprise of insurance is oriented towards assuming other businesses’ risks. We try to be sure that we understand the risks we are taking. The concern in our business is never the risks we can define, but rather the uncertainty
04 ANNUAL REPORT / 7

of what we do not know or understand. One protects from these exposures by managing the business with policy limits, aggregate exposure limits, and appropriate terms and conditions to try to ensure that even an unforeseen loss does not have an unlimited cost. The critical risks that our Company, like all others, faces do not revolve around the exposures that are defined but rather those that are uncertain. While we celebrate our high returns, we spend at least an equal amount of time focused on ameliorating these potential exposures. We are especially pleased with the current environment given our assessment of our current level of risk.
External Environment. The external environment for the industry was challenging to say the least. In the legal arena we faced increasingly novel and creative causes of action. We were challenged by new litigation strategies that were structured in such a way that they sought an acceleration of the timing of payments from the insurance industry. We in the industry have failed as well to deliver the message that our payments are transactional and ultimately result in higher premiums for those same people who utilize the services of individuals or industries they are currently litigating against.
Natural disasters also played an important part in 2004 with four significant hurricanes hitting Florida within a 60-day period. The cumulative losses from these hurricanes are likely to exceed $35 billion, and the allocation among individual storms has proven to be almost impossible to determine. And thus, the many issues as to terms and conditions have proven to be virtually irrelevant to the insurers in assessing their claims costs. In what was clearly the worst hurricane season in history, the technical models relied upon by many proved to be woefully inadequate in predicting the extent of storm losses. Thus, as an industry, we need to reassess our degree of comfort in relying on models to direct our risk management strategies relating to catastrophic events.
The challenges brought about to the agent/broker distribution system in the past year were far-reaching as well. Clearly there were matters of concern relating to alleged anti-competitive activities, which can neither be condoned nor tolerated. Changes will come and are appropriate – many of which will result in an improved climate. The cornerstone issue, however, which must be adhered to by
all parties in our industry, is that the customer is entitled to full and complete transparency. They need to understand who the producer works for, how they get paid, and the veracity they can expect from such advice. This is a critical factor because customers and carriers alike put their trust in agents and brokers. For the system to work, the customer must be made to feel that this trusting relationship can continue. In transactions with the complexity required for effective risk mitigation, expertise must be delivered in such a fashion.
8 / W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION

The last issue relating to the overall environment revolves around the Sarbanes-Oxley regulations, a well intentioned piece of legislation which has a disproportionate cost relative to its benefit. There are clearly many pieces of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which bring about improved controls and impose greater responsibility on the senior management of businesses. The problem is that Sarbanes- Oxley has no consequential materiality test and eliminates the ability for accountants and others to make judgments as to what is important and what is not. A control system that concerns itself with thousands of dollars can take as much time as a control system that focuses on millions, without taking that disparity into account.
There is no doubt that some good came from this legislation. There is no doubt that management has become more cognizant of its responsibility for producing accurate financial statements. There is also no doubt that the amount spent in time and money by our Company, and by the industry in total, has far exceeded the economic value derived by the investment community. We hope the rules are reconsidered going forward.
Conclusion. The record results, our highest ever return on equity, and our extraordinary overall performance made 2004 a fabulous year. We believe that over the long-term we will continue to deliver outstanding results to our shareholders.
The results of a Company such as ours are the accumulation of efforts put forth by many people. Our achievements of record earnings and record returns are truly a reflection of all of these people. The over 4,000 employees who work every day could not, in fact, have done this alone either. It is the support of our thousands of producers and the integration of all our efforts to meet the ultimate needs of our customers that allows this all to work. All of these people are able to achieve these things because of the capital entrusted to them by you, our shareholders. In my role it is easy to see how important everyone is in making the enterprise work effectively. I want to thank each of you for your contribution to this extraordinary year.
Sincerely,
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2005
 04 ANNUAL REPORT / 9
