To our Shareholders
 William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
I am pleased that our record earnings for 2007 continue to be built on the same sound underwriting principles and prudent investment strategy that have historically been the hallmarks of our Company.
We continue to substantially exceed our minimum targeted return on equity of 15% after tax. We have done so without changing the risk profile of the various contributors to our revenue stream. It is, in fact, our fifth consecutive year of achieving a return in excess of 20% after tax. This was accomplished even though we do not participate in the most volatile areas of the property casualty business. These returns were even more remarkable given the conservative nature of our investment portfolio and our generally cautious outlook with respect to the impact of future
inflation on our loss reserves. In spite of our excellent risk-adjusted returns for 2007, we see disturbing signs in the insurance marketplace that make us cautious in prognosticating the outlook for the next several years. We remain focused on maintaining underwriting discipline, but still believe there continue to be long- term opportunities that will allow us to position our Company for excellent future returns. As is always the case in any cyclical business, one must remember you have to get successfully through the short-term
in order to be around to celebrate the long-term.
 6

 We continued to search for opportunities with a focus on industries and global geographic locations that represented prospects for long-term macro growth.
We believe that our disciplined underwriting, appropriate investing and realistic overall economic outlook will allow us to continue delivering outstanding long-term risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders.
The current year resulted in greater variability
in operating results, both by calendar period and
by individual operating unit. In a strong, positive insurance environment, operating results are good virtually every month and profitability is consistent. Predictability becomes less certain as the cycle deteriorates and variability increases in all parts of the operation. Virtually all of our operating units had excellent results for the year although some had less consistent month-to-month financial performance. This, in and of itself, was a clear sign that 2007 indicated a change in the operating environment. We saw the insurance marketplace having evolved from positive to neutral, moving to negative as 2007 came to a close. We clearly saw both a decline in price levels and a more competitive business climate. In spite of this, our operating units were able to perform extremely well.
This year, everyone appreciated the current outstanding level of profitability, while at the same time realizing that directionally, both prices as well as terms and conditions were likely to continue to deteriorate, resulting in lower future returns. We took note that terms and conditions in our specialty policies were beginning to reflect this more competitive environment, and we were cognizant of
the fact that in order to measure real price declines, we had to appropriately inflate loss costs. Thus, while margins were substantial in the current period, it became clear that a decline in future profitability was inevitable. Nevertheless, we still believe that our unique business model and operating discipline will enable us to continue to comfortably exceed our minimum targeted return.
As we entered 2007, we continued to search for opportunities with a focus on industries and global geographic locations that represented prospects for long-term macro growth. We established Berkley Life Sciences to focus on areas such as pharmaceutical testing, with an outstanding new team of experienced people. We acquired American Mining Insurance Company as a base to expand and build expertise in the extraction industries. We started Select Specialty Managers to focus on serving complex professional risks. On a global basis we set up businesses in Australia, a representative office in China, and expanded in Latin America. Over the long-term, we believe that there are still opportunities offering great risk-adjusted returns.
Our business is about understanding risk. Every day, people throughout our organization assess risk. They decide whether or not we should accept the particular risk and under what terms and conditions we will accept that risk, and what price we should charge. Upon assumption of any particular risk, our job is
 7
 
 It is the capability of our people to mitigate all of these risks, while optimizing the returns we achieve from both our underwriting and investment activities, that creates our success.
to manage the exposure and attempt to minimize any potential adverse outcome. In the event of an adverse outcome, we work diligently to achieve the most favorable but fair claim settlement for our Company. We also measure and assess risk on the investment side of our business, understanding that the investment risk can not stand on its own, but must be integrated with our insurance risk. The assets that make up our investment portfolio ensure our ability to meet our obligations to our policyholders. Thus,
it is important that we take care to be sure the risks assumed in our investment portfolio do not result
in an accumulation of exposure with the same risks inherent in our day-to-day insurance activities. It is the capability of our people to mitigate all of these risks, while optimizing the returns we achieve from both our underwriting and investment activities,
that creates our success. We only achieve such optimization when we have the best people with expertise in each specific area where we assume risk. It is this skill that allows our Company to continue to differentiate our performance. In order to achieve the goal we have established of at least a 15% after-tax return on shareholders’ equity, we must be focused
on getting the most revenue possible for whatever risk we assume. It also requires that we are constantly aware
that it is the unforeseen event that is the trap for every property casualty insurance enterprise. We recognize and are prepared to deal with the unforeseen event.
Inherent in the business model for the property casualty business there is a particular and unique risk which is due to the nature of the business. While there are many risks we must be cognizant of, the primary exposure is that we price our product before we know the real cost. The pricing model of the property casualty business is an actuarial (mathematical) model that examines past pricing, past results, past trends, and attempts to forecast, based on those facts, the appropriate price of our product for the current period of time. There are several problems created by this methodology. First, change is always a fluctuating variable. The direction and magnitude of change from yesterday or the day before is unlikely to be the direction or rate of change currently at hand. Even if the rate of change was constant, it would take a substantial period of time for us to have actual knowledge of the results from prior years’ pricing. The consequence is that optimism or pessimism, built into our past pricing, mathematically gets carried forward until the ultimate losses are settled. Thus, the reality is, we do not know with great accuracy the
 8
 
  Fifth consecutive year of achieving a return in excess of 20%after tax
real cost of our product until substantially after it has been sold. We spend a great deal of time attempting to define and create sophistication in our models and build better skills to improve our pricing and reserving accuracy. The better we understand the pricing mechanism, the more likely we are to reduce the cyclicality and, thus, the underlying volatility of our business. If we understand the correct level to establish reserves, we are then better able to establish the correct price. It means we can set the right price for our product, thus, we are able to have more predictable results. We believe our Company is making progress in these areas, however, we, like the rest of the property casualty industry, always face the continuing uncertainty of the unforeseen event.
The property casualty business is a highly regulated, capital intensive industry. The company with the lowest cost of capital ultimately has a significant competitive advantage. The concern that exists in the property casualty business is that achieving maximum profit always comes with the very visible caveat concerning the level of risk assumed. Predictable risk is more attractive because results can be forecast in a reasonably narrow band. This allows for somewhat less volatility, creating a more attractive business
opportunity, because predictability of return generally warrants a lower cost of capital than a more volatile business model. The cost of capital in a business such as insurance, which is so capital intensive, is one of the critical elements in determining the success of a property casualty enterprise. Thus, our strategy to achieve more predictability is derived from our desire to have a lower cost of capital than our competitors.
The insurance industry is a people intensive business. It requires people with experience and skills, not
just as underwriters and claims people, but in every aspect of the business. It is also an administratively oriented business. We search for experienced people who bring expertise to our business and we select areas of the business that produce less volatility.
Underwriting, which is the skill of risk selection and pricing, is generally viewed as the cornerstone of a property casualty company. Understanding the risk to accept or reject, examining the terms and conditions to include within the acceptance of
the risk, and finally, calculating the price to charge, are critical skills that require people with expertise and experience. This is especially important in our Company since our commercial casualty business has
 9

 The people who make up our Company understand our competitive advantage and fully utilize their flexibility in the field to deliver value to their customers.
a very long tail; thus the experience to estimate loss costs long before we have fully developed numbers is critical. It is important that our Company has such a cadre of people.
In the claims area, we believe extraordinary skills are required. We need people who understand the policies we issue and the legal construct of the coverage being provided. These people must objectively look at a situation and evaluate it in a manner that will be fair and satisfactory to all parties involved. There are times when claimants feel they are entitled to things that are not covered in a policy. At such moments,
our claims people need to be diplomats, but clear with respect to the actual coverage available. At times, we must step forward and do the right thing. It is this combination of expertise, negotiating skills and diplomacy – all wrapped up in good judgment – that makes our claims people so important for our enterprise. They are there on the occasion when an insured realizes why they purchased the policy from one of our companies.
Within our enterprise, we have many other key areas on the operating side, from accounting, technology, and loss control, to day-to-day administrative personnel. The business doesn’t work without these
people. They are the glue that holds all the pieces together. They work in loss control to minimize our potential exposure to claims. They diligently work to ensure that we give outstanding service. Neither an underwriting department nor a claims department, sitting on its own, can be an effective insurance enterprise. We need all the aspects of our Company to deliver on our promise.
The last piece of our business is made up of
the people who invest our resources, those who take our $17 billion of assets and find ways to deliver outstanding risk-adjusted returns. Their job is difficult, because they have risk constraints dictated not just by financial markets, but also
by our insurance business. Thus, almost 90% of our investment portfolio is in fixed income securities with an average of a AA rating. We, in addition, own some tangible investments, ranging from an aviation service business to commercial office buildings and other non-traditional investments. Overall, we maintain a very conservative un-leveraged, marketable securities investment portfolio with very modest risk characteristics. We generally take our risk on the insurance side of our business.
 10
 
  We believe that our disciplined underwriting, appropriate investing and realistic overall economic outlook will allow us to continue delivering outstanding long-term risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders.
Our strategy continues to be based around the same criteria we developed in 1974: a group of regional and specialized property casualty companies operating in an autonomous fashion under the umbrella of a holding company which provides investment and reinsurance expertise as well as help and guidance in areas not related to the day-to-day business interactions with customers. We believe this strategy is one that continues to have resonance among the most skilled people in the property casualty insurance business. By letting the Presidents of our operating units, who are closest to their customers, make their own decisions, we have 34 ways that are the W. R. Berkley Corporation way. Each of our companies relates to its market and its customers in a way they believe is most effective. They operate within the cultural guidelines of our organization that are based on honesty, understanding our customer’s needs and limiting of risk, a focus on creating a
real competitive advantage and finally, building a partnership with our distribution.
We believe that the people who make up our Company understand our competitive advantage
and fully utilize their flexibility in the field to deliver value to their customers. We try to do this while at the same time providing the financial capacity and long-
term track record of a global financial enterprise.
We are a company focused on delivering value to our shareholders and value to our customers, while always remembering, without the best employees and without an effective distribution partner, we can not succeed.
Our success is achieved one transaction at a time. It happens because of people, our employees, our agents and brokers, and ultimately our insureds, who make
a series of decisions and take individual actions that result in the transfer of risk from them to us. We take on a responsibility to meet our commitment to our agents, brokers and insureds. We want to thank all those people in that chain of trust and we will justify their confidence. Without capital, our business could not operate. We will continue to meet our obligations to our shareholders to deliver outstanding returns. While the next few years may not meet the measure of the last several, we are confident that we will continue to deliver outstanding returns even in this more uncertain environment. Our goal is to be the best commercial insurer by every measure.
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  11
