 Chairman’s Letter
 Left to Right: W. Robert Berkley, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer William R. Berkley, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
By almost any measure 2013 was a good year. Our underwriting results were strong and improving, our reserves continued to develop modestly redundant, and the concomitant risks taken to achieve these results were well controlled. While other companies have shown results which in one year were better, and less good in another, we manage our business to avoid much of the unpredictable volatility that
generally is not justified by the return that comes with this type of exposure. Our business is managed to optimize risk-adjusted return. Risk is not only measured in an absolute sense but also in terms of volatility and exposure to the possibility of the unforeseen event. We are rewarded for our talented underwriters and their abilities to see opportunity when others only see risk. The
5

 6
best risk selection is further improved by our skilled claims management. We believe it is just such judgments that allow us to achieve better long-term risk-adjusted returns.
Several years ago as interest rates moved lower, and people became concerned with the risks of both inflation and deflation, we carefully examined our balance sheet. We recognized that our balance sheet gained strength in deflationary times both because our reserves became redundant and our fixed-income
believe our Company is well positioned and, unlike many, we have not lowered our standards in these more difficult economic times. We continue to target a 15% after- tax return.
I would be remiss if I did not comment on our disappointment in addressing the Federal tax issue. We have been unsuccessful to date in persuading our Congress to pass legislation to level the playing field on taxation for property casualty insurance companies. Thus, while our pre-tax earnings continue to generally keep us in a leading position, a number of our competitors who pay little or no tax are able to report better after-tax returns. Despite the proposals being in the President’s budget, as well as others put forth by various members of Congress, it is hard to be optimistic that legislation will be enacted in the near term.
On an operating basis the Company continued to make substantial progress. We were successful in increasing prices approximately 6.5% on average during the past year and our overall premium volume increased by approximately 13%. Our core strength was in the U.S., with improved profitability led in particular by our domestic direct businesses. There were a few disappointments, but most of the issues that brought them about were singular events which we believe are behind us. Thus we are optimistic for the coming year.
assets became more valuable. Thus, our thinking focused on the risks of inflation more than the risks of deflation. At the same time, since investment income represents a key part of our profitability, we also had to consider the impact of declining interest rates, all of which we have attempted to address in the composition of our investment portfolio. We
Chairman’s Letter
By almost any measure 2013
was a good year. We are optimistic about 2014.
 
We believe that our competitive advantage relates to being closer to the customer and our ability to make decisions that allow us to be an outcome-focused company in a process- focused industry. We continue to diligently work on bringing focus to our companies. Each of our 49 operating units can benefit from the efficiencies of the scale our enterprise provides, while at the same time there are things because of our structure that allow them to be more responsive to their customers and provide them a competitive advantage. We are working to be sure that our unique model empowers our companies with the flexibility they need, but we do not want to dissipate resources with autonomy that is of no value to our customers or shareholders. Seeking this balance is a key goal for our organization. It is required if we are to be competitive in the years going forward that we achieve this balance. We have no interest in being another large national company but we do want to focus on delivering customized service in the most efficient way possible in order to better meet the real or perceived needs of our customers.
Most of our operating units that have been started in the last six years are gaining the required scale to be viable and competitive. This is a result of our expertise being demonstrated every day when combined with the financial strength of W. R. Berkley Corporation. We provide the financial stability,
underwriting expertise and flexibility which few if any of our competitors can match.
In times such as these, where management changes seem to happen every day and
Chairman’s Letter
financial uncertainties arise frequently, our Company provides a state of predictability which allows brokers and agents to act with confidence. They can rely on our enterprise. We manage with a constant set of cultural values that is built around our responsibilities to our agents, brokers and our ultimate customer, with a group of employees who actually believe doing the right thing is important, and a management and board who take their fiduciary responsibilities to all of the various constituencies in a serious way. This means in a business like property casualty insurance where the cornerstone value is trust, the people who have relationships with our companies can be confident we will meet our obligations in
16%
Total Return
Stock price plus dividends
  7

 8
accordance with the terms of our agreement. The people who work at W. R. Berkley Corporation and its member companies are proud of what we do, and take our obligations to our clients seriously. This is a business where people frequently use price as the major determinant in selecting which company they do business with. However, these same people buy insurance to provide protection in case of an unforeseen event. When that happens, it is how claims are handled that becomes the most important thing. We believe that while price is and will continue to be a driving force, over time, customers realize that those companies that focus on appropriate and fair treatment in claims payment are better alternatives in
making a decision in regard to what insurance company to do business with.
In managing our balance sheet, we start by examining how we discern the risks inherent in the loss reserves. We start by measuring the duration of our liabilities, which is currently 4.3 years. For some parts of our business, such as excess workers’ compensation, the duration might be as much as 11 years and for other parts the duration might just be 1 year. The 4.3 is an average starting point for our investment portfolio. We take an amount of money equal to our insurance liabilities and invest it in fixed-income securities with a duration that is plus or minus one year from the duration of our liabilities. If we think we are entering a time of deflation, we would have a portfolio a year longer than the duration of our liabilities. If we had a time where we were most worried about inflation, we would have a duration approximately a year short of these liabilities. We have been biased for the past several years to be somewhat shorter than the duration of our liabilities because we have been concerned with the Federal budget deficits and we also believe that in the event of deflation, our balance sheet would benefit through the development of redundant loss reserves. Thus, the prudent decision is to manage to protect from the possibility of inflation.
Chairman’s Letter
We believe that our competitive advantage relates to being closer to the customer and our ability to make decisions that allow us to be an outcome-focused company in a process-focused industry.
 
The balance of our portfolio we invest in an array of items including fixed-income securities. We have been patient in searching out alternative investments that we think can give us double-digit returns. Many of these investments require future commitments. They may be real estate projects that take years for commitments to be invested or long-term portfolios whose commitment levels go up and down. They can be private equities that have not taken up all the money made available.
We have generated significant realized gains from these investments and expect that to continue. The gains from most of these investments do not get marked to market, thus, the inherent benefit from this portion of our portfolio does not show up quarter to quarter. And while we recognize that the lack of consistent quarter-to-quarter investment income is not as comfortable for some of our investors, it seemed the appropriate strategy given the current interest rate environment.
We believe the slightly more lumpy gains from this investing will help return our Company to the 15% after-tax objective that we have set for ourselves. We continue to believe that adequate liquidity and a high-quality fixed- income securities portfolio should be the foundation for any property casualty insurance company no matter what the size. Our job is to always be prepared for the unforeseen or unanticipated event. That clearly puts a burden
on us. But that is a responsibility for the equation of trust that we have accepted.
We formed two new operating units in 2013: Berkley Design Professional Underwriters, led by Stephen Porcelli, and Berkley Southeast Insurance Group, led by Dennis Barger.
Gerald Bushey, Alastair Blades and Keith Mitchell, who have each been part of our organization for a number of years, assumed the leadership of Carolina Casualty Insurance Group, W. R. Berkley Syndicate 1967, and Union Standard Insurance Group, respectively. Timothy Galvin also joined us during the year to lead Midwest Employers Casualty Company.
As we look back on the past five years, where our returns have averaged 11.6%, we have not been satisfied. While compared to Treasuries and the low risk we believe inherent in our business model, these returns may look attractive, yet they have not met our standard. We have slowly moved our portfolio to achieve improving returns. We expect that will be more
Chairman’s Letter
18%
Average Annual Gain
1974-2013
in per share book value with dividends included
  9

  We provide the financial stability, underwriting expertise and flexibility which few if any of our competitors can match.
visible in 2014. At the same time, the consequence of our focus on increasing prices and reducing expenses should also bring about visible improvement in our results. We are optimistic about 2014. Optimism is however derived from the inputs of hard work and a thoughtful strategy. We have every reason to believe that the upcoming year, while not without its challenges, will be rewarding to our shareholders.
Our Company could not be a success without the commitment of our more than 7,000 employees each of whom individually makes a significant difference to the success of our enterprise. To our officers and directors, whose advice Rob and I rely upon throughout the year, and to the thousands of agents and brokers
who regularly submit business to our companies and trust us to appropriately deal with their most precious relationships, we express our ongoing appreciation.
As the price increases convert to earned premium, and our newer ventures achieve the necessary scale for economic success, we are confident. The insurance industry is in a period of many changes. Today, as yesterday and tomorrow, the combined expertise of underwriting, risk management, claims handling and investing will deliver outstanding risk- adjusted returns. We believe W. R. Berkley Corporation will continue to do this.
Chairman’s Letter
 10
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
