TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
W. R. Berkley Corporation had a record year in 2003. Return on stockholders’ equity, earnings, net premiums written and cash flow from operations all increased strongly. While the Company’s 2003 performance was excellent, we expect 2004 to be significantly better.
 2
We achieved these results by effectively executing our strategy and capitalizing on the strongest property casualty insurance market conditions in more than a decade. The Company performed well by every measure in 2003:
• Return on equity increased to 25.3% from 18.4% in 2002.
• Earnings per share advanced 75% to $3.87.
• Netpremiumswrittenrose35%to$3.7billion.
Approximately three-quarters of the increase came from higher prices and one-quarter from increased policy counts.
• The Company’s GAAP combined ratio declined to 91.4%, well below the industry average and the Company’s lowest combined ratio in over 20 years, reflecting a higher underwriting profit.
• Cash flow from operations increased 47% to $1.4 billion. Record cash flow helps drive the growth of the Company’s investable assets, which ultimately will result in more future investment income.

Each of the Company’s five business segments – specialty, regional, alternative markets, reinsurance and international – contributed to sharply higher earnings in 2003.
Equally important was the growth of the Company’s investment portfolio to $6.5 billion at the end of 2003, up from $4.7 billion a year earlier. Invested assets at the end of 2003 included $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents, reflect- ing our belief that interest rates will rise within the next year due to expanding federal budget deficits and a modestly improving economy. We expect the portfolio to generate more income in the next few years as interest rates rise and as we believe it appropriate to invest the Company’s funds at more attractive longer-term rates.
Looking back, the past three years have
been an exceptional period for W. R. Berkley Corporation. As net premiums written have advanced from $1.5 billion in 2000 to $3.7 billion in 2003, the Company has moved up the industry ladder to become one of the 15 largest commer- cial lines property casualty insurance writers in the United States.
Looking ahead, we continue to focus on gen- erating the highest risk-adjusted returns. We will grow the Company opportunistically and seek out new business whenever market conditions allow us to do so. We work constantly to manage the entire enterprise, evaluating risk and remaining aware of uncertainty, always seeking the maxi- mum potential returns from every opportunity.
W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION’S STRATEGY. The Company performed well in 2003 because man- agement made the right decisions to position the business for profitable growth, and made these decisions early. These decisions have allowed the Company to write more business at a time of outstanding industry profitability and, in doing so, grow rapidly and generate returns better than those of our insurance industry peers. During 2003, to support its growth, the Company raised additional capital and expanded several operating units while starting three new units.
Good management is not just a matter of pro- ducing higher earnings and better returns. Good management also requires a clear understanding
3
William R. Berkley Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  
 4
of the factors behind those earnings. It requires a well-thought-out strategy and effective planning to deal with the opportunities and challenges on the horizon in order to continue to improve a company’s performance. In addition, it requires a constant understanding of, and focus on, the risks inherent in a company’s day-to-day business, while at the same time being conscious of the uncertain environment that is part of contemporary society.
The Company’s strategy, which has consis- tently produced some of the industry’s best results, is based on a philosophy of decentralized opera- tions that places decision-making as close to the customer as possible. Through this approach, the Company is able to respond quickly to the constant changes in its markets and take advan- tage of the opportunities afforded by those changes. We empower our managers and hold them accountable.
Over the past 20 years, we have grown the Company’s book value by more than 1,400%. The Company’s excellent business performance, not only in 2003 but over longer periods as well, is also reflected in the price of its common stock. W. R. Berkley Corporation’s stock price has appreciated 2,336%, not including dividends, during the past 20 years, well ahead of the 629% price appreciation of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
WRITING PROFITABLE BUSINESS. Insurance industry market conditions were robust in 2003 for the second consecutive year. In many lines, the
Company obtained price increases of 20% or more during 2003, accompanied by significant improvements in terms and conditions. The busi- ness written by the Company during the year not only contributed to profits in 2003, but should contribute in 2004 as well.
The last previous “hard” insurance market may offer some perspective on the industry’s out- look today. The last hard market began in 1985, and prices continued to increase until 1988. Even though prices then plateaued, returns remained at attractive levels through 1994.
As of the end of 2003, in the wake of two years of sizable price increases, the market had recovered to approximately its 1990 price levels. With current pricing, we see the prospect of con- tinued excellent returns at least into 2006. Given today’s market conditions, this is the time to access and write as much good business as possible.
W. R. Berkley Corporation’s strategic approach and its high-quality balance sheet have enabled us to do just that. The Company has written more business and grown profitably even as a number of competitors have been constrained by unre- solved past problems, including the inadequate reserving of prior-year losses. According to a recent report by Standard & Poor’s, the property casualty industry is under-reserved by approxi- mately $60 billion, impinging upon the ability of some insurers to write new business.
Adequate reserves are key to maintaining a strong balance sheet, which in turn enables a company to write more business. We address reserving issues proactively and therefore believe the Company is well positioned relative to the industry. During 2003, as the Company wrote more business, we increased our reserves to cover the potential losses associated with that business.

By year-end, reserves were $4.2 billion, up 32% from $3.2 billion at the end of 2002. During that same period, the Company’s policy counts increased by only 7%. The Company’s paid-to- incurred-loss ratio decreased from 53% in 2002 to 37% in 2003, remaining well below the industry average. A lower ratio indicates a posi- tive loss development trend.
The Company has positioned itself favorably in other ways as well. By exercising care in the selection of reinsurers and insisting on adequate security, we have largely avoided the problem of uncollectible reinsurance, a major challenge for some of our competitors in 2003. In addition, the Company has no material asbestos-related liabilities, nor does it use derivatives or have any “off-balance-sheet” financing. We strive
to maintain maximum transparency in our financial statements.
During 2003, the Company issued $350 million of debt to support its increasing growth. This additional capital, in combination with the Company’s high-quality balance sheet, enabled us to write all the business we felt appropriate at attractive rates during 2003. We believe
W. R. Berkley Corporation has the financial resources and experienced personnel to continue to write all the good business that will be avail- able to us in 2004 in our market segments.
CHOOSING THE BEST SECTORS. The insurance indus- try is long-term in nature. Companies receive premiums in return for a contractual promise to pay future claims that are uncertain in their timing and amount.
Industry challenges, such as natural disasters and periods of inadequate pricing, are endemic and are faced by all insurers. In addition, the
responsibilities of insurers and their insureds are under constant revision by the courts. Inflation in general, and medical costs in particular, continue to push claims costs higher.
These issues have a different impact on each insurance company. Successful companies know how to anticipate and deal with the inevitable industry challenges and continually refine their strategies to keep pace with evolving and not always predictable markets. They know how
to choose the right business lines in which to participate. They are able to minimize the impact of negative trends and events that are beyond their control and optimize the opportunities available to them when the market environment is positive. Successful insurance companies are, most importantly, always looking ahead, assessing risk and conscious of uncertainty.
Since the Company’s founding, we have focused on identifying and participating in what we believe will be the most profitable areas of the business on a risk-adjusted basis, recognizing that doing so is critical to the Company’s success. The Company’s operating units take part in market sectors that demand a high level of underwriting skill and offer excellent opportunities for profit. We generally avoid commodity-type business in which competition is more intense and margins are generally lower.
In all its markets, W. R. Berkley Corporation is known as a high-quality insurer that has the commitment, infrastructure and depth of financial resources to understand the needs of customers
5
W. R. Berkley Corporation’s strategy, which has consis- tently produced some of the industry’s best results, is based on a philosophy of decentralized operations that places decision-making as close to the customer as possible.
 
6
and meet its obligations to them. Our risk-bearing companies have regularly maintained “A” or better A.M. Best Co. ratings for more than 25 years. Long-term relationships with brokers and agents allow the Company to compete effectively with its largest peers. Even in today’s transaction- obsessed world, successful agents and brokers recognize the importance of commitment.
In managing the Company, we allocate capital to those insurance lines and those business units where we see the best potential risk-adjusted returns. We seek to apply the Company’s flexi- bility, responsiveness, expertise and strong rela- tionships to competitive advantage in each of its market sectors. Our goal is to build value for shareholders by outperforming the Company’s peers throughout the insurance market cycle.
STRATEGIC ACTIONS. In recent years, we have taken a series of actions to capitalize on opportunities while dealing with challenges and deliberately refining where and how the Company does busi- ness. Those actions are paying off today.
Since 2000, the Company has invested signifi- cantly in its specialty group, enabling the group to grow rapidly in a period which has presented great opportunity. The specialty group was
W. R. Berkley Corporation’s third largest segment just three years ago and is now the largest as well as the most profitable segment. The operating units in this segment write complex and sophis- ticated coverages that are often tailored to the customer’s particular needs. In 2003, the Company formed a new unit, Admiral Excess Underwriters, to specialize in underwriting excess casualty coverages, one of the few areas of the specialty market in which we did not pre- viously participate.
The Company’s regional group writes com- mercial lines for small and mid-sized businesses and governmental entities. This exclusive focus on commercial lines has led to significant profit improvement, reflecting the impact of a favorable market environment in combination with the group’s enhanced ability to service customers. In 2003, the regional segment generated $153 mil- lion of pre-tax income and had an 87.5% GAAP combined ratio, a remarkable performance.
We recently restructured the Company’s pri- mary surety business by combining four separate operations into one unit and placing that unit within the regional segment as of 2004. The new unit principally writes bonds for mid-sized contractors. Although surety pricing has been insufficient for the past several years, there has recently been some improvement. We seek to capitalize on that improvement by maintaining a strong, highly-focused surety operation with supe- rior underwriting and distribution capabilities.
The alternative markets segment continued its excellent growth with good profitability in 2003. This segment is, in part, countercyclical to the other segments. Customers often turn to self- insurance and other alternative markets when the primary markets charge higher premiums for the same or reduced levels of coverage. The Company’s alternative markets units provide both fee-based services and risk-bearing insurance to meet the full range of needs of our alternative market customers. In addition, the Company has developed one of the nation’s leading capabilities
In recent years, we have taken a series of actions to capitalize on opportunities while dealing with challenges and deliberately refining where and how the Company does business. Those actions are paying off today.
 
in managing state workers’ compensation residual market mechanisms. In recent years, the Company has also leveraged its expertise to start new units, such as Preferred Employers Insurance Company, which specializes in providing workers’ compensation coverage for small, owner-managed businesses in California. Preferred has grown rapidly during the past two years in response to the current favorable pricing environment, writing $163 million of net premiums in 2003. The unit’s tight geographical and product focus enables it to respond quickly to changes in the California legislative and claims environment.
In the reinsurance segment, during the past two years we have expanded the Company’s facultative business and have withdrawn from what we perceive to be commodity-type lines in the treaty operations. Results have been dramatic. The facultative business, led by an extremely experienced and disciplined management team, wrote $286 million of net premiums in 2003 ver- sus $62 million in 2001. The reinsurance group did well in 2003 even though results were dampened by the need to add to reserves for prior business written in the treaty operation. Segment earnings are expected to continue to improve as this adverse development from prior years is eliminated.
The Company’s international joint venture
is the smallest of the five segments. It returned to profitability in 2003, overcoming challenging economic conditions in Argentina. The venture also has operations in the Philippines and recently began distributing savings, life insurance and
other financial products in Hong Kong. It is exploring additional opportunities for profitable expansion in Asia and Latin America.
NEW VENTURES. We continue to develop new businesses as platforms to support the Company’s long-term growth. While not yet significant con- tributors to results, these businesses offer excellent prospects for the future. Our financial results fully reflect the startup expenses of these ventures.
In 2003, in addition to launching Admiral Excess Underwriters, the Company formed
W. R. Berkley Insurance (Europe), Limited in London. The new unit is owned 80% by
W. R. Berkley Corporation. The unit is focused initially on writing professional indemnity insurance. Late in the year, we formed Berkley Risk Solutions, Inc., which provides insurance- based as well as reinsurance-focused financial solutions for insurance companies and self-insured entities in the U.S. and other markets.
The Company’s other newer ventures continue to make good progress. B F Re Underwriters, LLC, which provides casualty facultative reinsurance on a direct basis, wrote $56 million of net premiums in 2003, its first full year. Berkley Medical Excess Underwriters, LLC, which provides rational capacity to the medical malpractice insurance market, was established at the end of 2001 and wrote $49 million of gross premiums in 2003.
MANAGEMENT TEAM. We have an unusual breadth and depth of talented people at the corporate level and throughout the Company’s operating units. During the past two years, to support the Company’s growth, we have been selectively adding to staff in order to strengthen the
7
 
Company’s risk management capabilities and bring further depth to our overall management team in strategic areas.
Robert W. Gosselink joined the Company in 2003 as Senior Vice President – Insurance Risk Management. Jeffrey E. Vosburgh joined the Company as President of the newly-formed Berkley Risk Solutions unit, and Stuart Wright came on board as Chief Executive Officer of the newly-formed London operation, W. R. Berkley Insurance (Europe). All three of these individuals are talented, experienced insurance industry exec- utives. We are pleased to welcome them and the skilled teams they have assembled.
Robert C. Hewitt, formerly Senior Vice President – Risk Management, was named Senior Vice President – Alternative Markets, succeeding H. Raymond Lankford, who retired and continues as a consultant to the Company.
Kevin W. Nattrass, formerly Senior Vice President of Acadia Insurance Company, became President and Chief Operating Officer of Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group.
OUTLOOK. We are confident of another outstanding year in 2004. The Company’s operations are con- centrated in product lines that have experienced some of the insurance industry’s largest price increases. Furthermore, W. R. Berkley Corporation primarily writes casualty insurance, an area where prices continue to increase.
Favorable conditions in the Company’s major lines are expected to continue. While the overall level of rate increases is abating, the trend remains positive as prices continue to rise more than “loss cost” inflation. As in the previous hard cycle, we anticipate at least another two years of strong pricing, even if prices go up only modestly on an inflation-adjusted basis from where they are today. The Company will continue to write all the good business it can in this environment.
W. R. Berkley Corporation’s excellent results – not only in 2003, but also over longer periods – speak to the dedication and skills of its people. I want to personally thank the Company’s employ- ees, brokers, agents, customers and shareholders for their support. W. R. Berkley Corporation’s dedicated people worldwide remain committed to meeting the needs of customers and, by doing so, generating superior returns for shareholders. It is the responsibility of management to evaluate these returns not just in absolute dollars, but also on a risk-adjusted basis. We believe the Company’s 2003 results are even better when examined from that perspective.
We are extremely pleased with the Company’s performance in 2003. We have never been more confident or excited about W. R. Berkley Corporation’s prospects for the future.
Sincerely,
William R. Berkley Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2004
  8
