ChaIRman’S LETTER
As an outcome-focused organization doing business in a cyclical industry,
we are continually making decisions which will greatly enhance our enterprise’s long-term returns.
  William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive officer
 Our earnings for 2009 were more than satisfactory. We were pleased with both our underwriting and investment results. Operating return on capital was just shy of 15% after tax, and by the fourth quarter our results exceeded the Company’s 15% benchmark. Our overall performance for the year resulted in increasing book value per share by 22%, comfortably exceeding our long-term goal. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet, which positions us well for the future. We are optimistic the insurance cycle will allow for improved returns in 2010 and beyond.
Our performance was particularly notable this year given the discouraging state of the insurance market and the lack of attractive current investment returns. In spite of that, all of our segments performed satisfactorily on an underwriting basis, and our investment income has begun to return to the level of our historic returns. Our premium volume declined approximately 7%, which in fact is a result of two opposing trends: our disciplined underwriting caused our established companies’ premiums to be down approximately 12%; while we benefited from
 4

   Disciplined underwriting continues to be at the heart of our operating culture.
 additional premium generated by operating units started in the past several years, which increased volume approximately 5%. Disciplined underwriting continues to be at the heart of our operating culture. We believe allowing a business to shrink is a better strategy in an industry such as ours, where at times the product is priced on an uneconomic basis. This was true in 2009 for some lines of business. Our results, however, still reflected a satisfactory return, while allowing us to maintain the financial strength that our customers expect. We work hard to be sure that current accident year loss ratios fully reflect the ultimate loss cost.
As an outcome-focused organization doing
business in a cyclical industry, we are continually making decisions which will greatly enhance our enterprise’s long-term returns, even though they may have an adverse impact on our short-run financial performance. We consciously invest in our business in ways that help us build a better future for our Company, rather than buying existing businesses and their concomitant, unknown risks. This means investing in technology, people, products and distribution to stay ahead of the curve. We create real enterprise value.
From attracting the best people to expanding and establishing beachheads in new lines of business, we are always searching for ways to build long-term competitive advantages. We believe our focus on optimizing risk-adjusted returns only happens when we successfully blend our people, our culture, and our vision. The cornerstone elements of people and capital create the opportunity to achieve our goals. Long-term value creation is what our business model is about.
We are committed to our people. In every business, especially one such as the property casualty insurance business, outstanding people represent an enormous competitive advantage. To successfully attract the best people, one must offer more than competitive pay. A combination of compensation, cultural fit, and disciplined underwriting are required to be the employer of choice. People who work for a Berkley company understand that making a decision not to
write business because of inadequate price, or unsatisfactory terms or conditions, is something that is part of our culture. We do not penalize good underwriters for making good decisions. No insurance company has ever gone out of business
 5

 ChAiRmAn’S leTTeR
22%
Increase in Book Value Per Share
because of a high expense ratio. Disciplined underwriting is one of the key cultural attributes of a Berkley company. Long-term market share is certainly important, short-term market share is irrelevant.
As a strategic decision, we get the best returns by investing in people during the soft market. It is very difficult to attract outstanding people in a hard market environment. But as the insurance pricing cycle gets weaker, outstanding individuals and groups of people frequently become available. Thus, a soft market is the ideal opportunity to establish new units or to strengthen old ones. It gives us the chance to build while maintaining our culture and to position ourselves for the anticipated turn in the cycle. No company can ever have enough talented people.
As we strategically build our operating strengths
for a changing environment, we also must position our investment portfolio to be sure the duration
of our assets and liabilities is reasonably matched; our portfolio is rarely more than a year longer or shorter than our liabilities. We maintain a portfolio of
high quality securities (AA) and always have excess liquidity at every level. The mark-to-market carrying value of our portfolio is conservative and we maintain a well diversified portfolio with no credit exposure other than the U.S. government representing more than 5% of our capital.
Managing risk is the cornerstone of any property casualty insurance company. We view the concept of risk-adjusted return seriously and have had this view since the Company was founded. Risk management is the responsibility of every senior officer in the Company. But the ultimate responsibility for risk
and the culture of risk consciousness must emanate from this office. Many years ago, when the business was just starting, an Englishman described my perception of the world quite accurately. He called me an “opportunistic pessimist”. Always searching for opportunities, but always worried about what could go wrong. We believe that is what is required to manage and grow a property casualty company successfully. This culture is built into our Company at every level. We are always conscious of not just the
 6

   From attracting the best people to expanding and establishing beachheads
in new lines of business, we are always searching for ways to build long-term competitive advantages.
 opportunity, but the downside risk inherent in every decision. It is important to realize even the most attractive risk-adjusted returns must not be pursued if there is any possible threat to the survival of the enterprise. Our Company does not take risks if we can not afford the maximum potential loss.
The strategic management of risk in an insurance company is a multi-level proposition. Each of
our individual operating units is built around risk selection, spread of risk, limits profile, and lines of business written. While each company is ultimately responsible for the underwriting decisions it makes, the most successful underwriters have honest and transparent relationships with their distribution partners.This is a key element for any successful insurance company because pricing and risk selection can only be effective when good, accurate information is provided. The analysis of accurate data is the start of the underwriting process. But it is not only at the underwriting level that risk is evaluated. When examining claims, assessments must be made with respect to exposures, likelihood of various
outcomes, and a selection of the right strategy in the event a claim is disputed. In a company like ours, the monitoring and ameliorating of risk at each company is the foundation of our risk management strategy. On a global strategic basis, we select areas within the industry that generally do not require large limits. In addition, we protect our aggregate exposures by purchasing reinsurance from only the highest quality reinsurers. We are always conscious of assessing risk and determining the appropriate return. We assess the absolute maximum loss, not just the probable loss in order to minimize surprises.
We also are focused on diversification of risk by geographic territory, line of business, and type of exposure. We continue to seek out new opportunities to establish operating units that will broaden our
risk exposures and diminish any individual unit’s consequential impact on the Company. It is always the unforeseen event that has the potential for adverse consequences outside the predictable range. Everyone in our Company works diligently to limit the Company’s earnings volatility, even in the
 7

 ChAiRmAn’S leTTeR
 We build our business one operating unit at a time by putting together capital and outstanding individuals and teams of people. This year we continued on the path to build a stronger, more diverse enterprise.
 most unexpected situations, to ensure predictable risk-adjusted returns. We always try to anticipate the worst possible outcome to ensure our Company’s profitability. Having uncorrelated exposures in many risk brackets allows us to have more predictable overall financial results.
We build our business one operating unit at a time by putting together capital and outstanding individuals and teams of people. Our experience in managing risk and understanding the relationship between
risk and return are key elements in our success when starting new ventures. During the past year, we have had a number of start-ups and have added significant additional personnel to a number of operating units, all of which will build a brighter more predictable future for our enterprise.
This year we continued on the path to build a stronger, more diverse enterprise. Berkley Europe established an operating unit in Oslo, Norway to participate in a thriving Scandinavian marketplace.
As mid-year approached, we established a new Lloyd’s syndicate to allow us to participate directly
in the Lloyd’s marketplace and have better access
to global risks. During the second half of the year,
we spun out a division of Continental Western to establish a new company, Berkley North Pacific. Based in Seattle, this company will allow us to better serve that dynamic marketplace. And finally, as we approached the end of the year, we established a new enterprise, Berkley Oil & Gas, to expand our ability to serve this growing industrial segment on a global basis. We continue to search for outstanding people to add depth and expertise to various parts of our enterprise. We are pleased with the extraordinary quality of the new people who have joined our Company this year, adding to our existing expertise. Having great people is a magnet to attract more terrific people.
Each of these building blocks helps us serve new customers, representing additional segments of the economy. It diversifies our revenue stream and makes
 8

  us less subject to the vicissitudes of unforeseen events. This has proved to be especially important given the recent economic volatility. Our diversified customer base has prevented us from being impacted by the declines in any one economic sector. Part of our risk mitigation strategy is maintaining an economically diversified customer base.
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about both the economy and the insurance industry. We believe the economy will continue to improve at a modest pace, with unemployment going down modestly
by year end. There will be many bumps in this road to recovery, but most important of all, people need to regain confidence in our economy. Over the intermediate to long term, inflation continues to be a concern but in the near term we do not envision inflation being a significant issue. Overall, we would expect an acceleration in the rate of economic improvement by the end of 2010.
We continue to believe the insurance cycle has reached the bottom, and prices are not going
further down in a consequential way. We believe
the accident year results for the industry in 2009 will likely be approximately a 108 combined ratio. With interest rates at their current level, many companies will not be profitable in the current pricing climate. We anticipate price increases to begin to be more substantial by the fourth quarter. We expect industry accident year results to be significantly better in 2011. We anticipate our Company’s results will continue
to meet or exceed our targeted return of 15% after tax. Our recent start-ups will begin to contribute to
earnings in 2010. The benefits of our new ventures will also reduce next year’s expense ratio. 2010 will likely be the year of the cycle turning. There will
still be opportunities to build teams of people to start new ventures. We expect to take advantage of these on a selective basis. The two key elements of our balance sheet, loss reserves and the investment portfolio, are in excellent shape. The operating units have substantial capacity to grow. Our Company is well positioned to take advantage of the cyclical turn. We will change and adjust because we must adapt
to the constantly changing world. We are prepared for any environment.
Our Company is only able to achieve its goals because of our almost 6,000 employees, our thousands of agents and brokers, and because of all our loyal customers. We are proud of what we have built, and I look forward, with great optimism, to the next several years.
Sincerely,
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive officer
  9
