   Left to Right: W. Robert Berkley, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer William R. Berkley, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
2014 was an outstanding year. The combined ratio of 91.8% in our core, domestic insurance segment helped us attain an overall combined ratio of 93.8%, creating the foundation for the year’s exceptional results. Our focus on reducing expenses was also a contributor to these results. In addition, our overall investment returns were excellent, in part due to substantial capital gains, as well as the benefit of our increase in investable assets. Achieving our targeted 15% return on equity in this low interest rate environment has
reinforced our confidence that this goal is attainable. Because we are generating more capital than we can effectively utilize, we both repurchased shares and paid a special dividend to our shareholders for the second time in three years.
While the key elements of the insurance business remain the same, it is imperative that our industry address the unique set of challenges and changes before us. Structural changes in the sources of capital and
W. R. Berkley Corporation 2014 Annual Report
5
Chairman’s Letter

 6
  The combined ratio of 91.8% in our core, domestic insurance segment helped us attain an overall combined ratio of 93.8%, creating the foundation for the year’s exceptional results.
 distribution channels have the potential to transform the insurance market into a more efficient and higher-return business, but only if the players remain cognizant of the value of expertise. These changes will bring about great opportunity and, as always, there will be winners and losers.
Company Results:
Our domestic insurance business was the greatest contributor to our 2014 underwriting results. It generated an outstanding combined ratio along with double-digit growth. We were able to obtain overall price increases in excess of loss costs and thus deliver improved real margins. Our international insurance business produced more uneven returns with exceptional underwriting results in some parts and disappointing results in others. Our Latin American business continued to perform well, despite the ongoing economic turmoil in the region. We are confident that the international segment of our business will deliver much improved results in 2015.
Our reinsurance business in both the U.S. and U.K. performed well, generating excellent returns in spite of constant pricing pressure. This business will continue to become more difficult going forward due to the extreme competitiveness in the market and new capital providers. We continue to adapt
to meet these challenges.
We continued to focus on eliminating unnecessary expenses and search for ways to make the business work more effectively at lower cost. Our efforts resulted in a decline in our expense ratio with a concurrent improvement in the level of service to our customers. The focus on expenses is not just with the goal of reducing our expenditures but on finding ways to deliver what the customer wants in a more effective way, and on more thoughtful service processes.
Investment income sits side by side with underwriting profits as the cornerstone for building a successful insurance company. Achieving acceptable returns over the past several years has been difficult due to declining

  interest rates and volatility in the financial markets. Our core bond portfolio performed well but, unfortunately, our investment returns continue to lose ground, albeit at a slower pace than one might expect. Because interest rates have declined so significantly, we have shifted a portion of our portfolio to relatively low-risk, high-quality investments that provide somewhat less immediate liquidity in exchange for greater returns. We have invested in assets such as real estate and entire businesses that heretofore have not been typical for our property casualty portfolio. We have also expanded our private equity investments. While these assets represent a relatively small portion of the portfolio, as a whole they have generated outsized returns. Our new portfolio structure allows us to continue to have a goal of a 15% return on equity, primarily because we expect to have more than a 10% return on the assets in this subsection of our portfolio. We have also shortened the duration of our bond portfolio to approximately three years to hedge against the mark-to-market risk that inflation poses to our balance sheet. We continue to believe our overall investment returns should remain strong.
Our Company continues to perform well. Our goal is to focus on creating long-term value with below market levels of volatility. We do not believe companies in the property casualty insurance industry achieve better rewards by accepting extreme volatility. We are determined to deliver the best risk-adjusted return amongst our peers and we believe that we will be able to continue to do that.
Industry Conditions:
The current state of affairs in our industry and in our economy in general represents untraveled terrain. As the pace of communication and the free flow of data have accelerated over the past decades, our economic system has truly globalized. Investment markets have opened up, funds flow from one currency to another with low transaction fees, and we are truly in a global economic world. As a result, capital moves more rapidly and for businesses that require capital, such as ours, the availability of capital from global investors has never been greater. The consequence of these activities creates tension and volatility as to interest rates, trade balances, and business transactions that we have not witnessed before. Efficiencies from both a tax and a structural point of view are creating opportunities in our industry. We are also seeing challenges to the structural status quo.
15%
Return on Beginning Equity
The result of this capital mobility combined with declining interest rates and the lessening of inflationary pressures has been smaller rewards for capital that does not bring other values with it. Long-term committed capital is
  W. R. Berkley Corporation 2014 Annual Report
7

 8
 still much more valuable than transient capital. Capital attached to investment skills creates a value unto itself. This has significant consequences to the insurance industry.
Historically, the property casualty industry obtained its strength from controlling its own source of long-term capital. Today, the abundance of long-term capital and its ubiquitous availability allows companies with less capital of their own to compete with the giants of the industry. Some companies have accessed various forms of temporary capital or contracted capital, but few have confronted the risks associated with its transitory nature. The unpredictable exposure inherent in casualty coverage has the potential to bring
21.6%
Total Return
Stock Price Plus Dividends
about consequential unanticipated liability. As we saw with asbestos, judicial interpretations can meaningfully alter the exposure, which could result in cataclysmic outcomes where the contractual terms of temporary capital do not allow for unanticipated changes. It will take such an unforeseen event to test these new structures, as there is no way to forecast
them. There is no doubt the risks of the unforeseen event have never been greater and the historic cost of protection – more capital – creates its own issues.
The industry’s distribution system is also facing structural challenges. Throughout the world there are different methods of distributing property casualty insurance products. In many cases, the cost of connecting the people and businesses who want to ameliorate their risks with the risk bearer exceeds the value provided. The historic system of an agent or broker solving the customer’s problem was expensive but, for the most part, it had a person who wanted to do well for the customer and meet their needs. We have evolved to having more expertise and more automation, but there has been no real reduction in cost nor improvement in the intellectual analysis provided. This problem is exacerbated as large intermediaries search for ways to add fees to enhance their margins. Clearly, this is unsustainable over the long term. The property casualty distribution business is evolving to include sophisticated algorithms and automation to allow people to buy the appropriate insurance at the appropriate price and people will seek out this alternative if the current distribution system continues to expand its cost of service. Opportunities to enhance value will continue to exist for intermediaries at all levels. Customer knowledge and customization of product will be the key competitive advantage in the long run for the victors in the distribution chain.
  
   Our business is built around capital, expertise, and opportunistic behavior within a large, outcome- focused enterprise.
 The final and most important threat in the insurance business is the overdependence
on mathematical models and lack of understanding where underwriting expertise adds critical value. Some lines of business can be accurately priced by using mathematical models that allow one to forecast an outcome with merely the cumulative results from a large number of similar risks. Experienced underwriting brings nuance and expertise to that statistical aggregation and allows the application of judgment which, in the end, presents risk bearers the opportunity to make substantially better returns than average. There are some classes of business, such as private passenger automobile, where the quantity and homogeneity of data is so overwhelming that the differential created by human expertise is infinitesimally small. There are other lines of business where human judgment and intuition based on an examination of history and personal underwriting experience can bring about exceedingly different results. The insurance business sometimes presents risks which are not related to the premiums
collected. One dollar in premium may create open-ended exposure. It is this risk that creates opportunity. We understand how to manage this uncertainty. However, in today’s market, people who do not possess expertise are accepting risks without a real understanding of the exposure they are assuming. They do not appropriately price for uncertainty and the unforeseen events.
The ability to differentiate one’s company by creating better investment outcomes can provide a competitive advantage. However, this is not enough to offset poor underwriting selection and mispricing. Although current pricing is generally adequate, it barely offsets the low investment yields available. We believe that as insurance company investment yields decline, it will be essential for underwriting margins to improve. However, such improvement will be unlikely if those companies that have become overly reliant on models for underwriting complex lines of business do not rethink their business models.
W. R. Berkley Corporation 2014 Annual Report
9

 10
 These factors combine to create a less stable insurance marketplace currently. We continue to find opportunities to provide underwriting expertise or help our distribution partners enhance their value proposition. We have substantial capital of our own and we have been offered capital from many other sources. Our goal is to continue to solve the questions the industry puts forth with solutions that give outstanding risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. Our business is built around capital, expertise, and opportunistic behavior within a large, outcome-focused enterprise. We have a performance-based culture where people make a difference. By taking advantage of challenging opportunities and providing value to our customers by bringing together talented people and capital, we feel confident
we will be able to continue to deliver these returns. We do it with the support of our distribution system, the skills of our people, and the capital provided by you, our shareholders. In this evermore complicated world, the support and advice of our directors is invaluable as we move forward in dealing with the complexities of governance and regulation. We expect to continue to generate outstanding long-term risk-adjusted returns in the future.
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 