To Our Shareholders
We had a good year in 2011. The anticipated turn in the property casualty insurance pricing
cycle has begun. We are well positioned to take advantage of the cyclical change. This is
a result of our underwriting discipline over the prior years and our strong balance sheet,
reflected in both the quality of our assets and the strength of our loss reserves. During this
period, commercial pricing has deteriorated and we have allowed business to move to our
competitors while we continued to emphasize the need for disciplined underwriting. Through
this entire period we were able to maintain adequate risk-adjusted returns, which have
optimally positioned us to benefit from the current improving insurance cycle.
Our Company continues to maintain the same core values that have existed over the past 40
years. We are in business to deliver outstanding risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. We
can only accomplish this by offering competitive products delivered with excellent service,
through outstanding agents and brokers (our partners) to the ultimate customer, the insured.
This is only accomplished by having great employees, who are committed to the goals of the
enterprise, and who understand that the insurance business is all about trust and fulfilling
the promise of coverage. We try to do this while ensuring we continue to be a valuable
contributor to the society in which we operate. Each of our 46 operating units has its own way
of implementing these core values. But each of these units understands we must meet the
various needs of our constituencies in order to achieve success according to our standards.
We meet the needs of our customers by distributing our product through talented and
experienced agents and brokers. We distribute through both the retail and wholesale chains
of distribution, depending upon the marketplace. Wholesalers provide a valued link in certain
complex areas of coverage for particular products where unique expertise may be required to
enable the customer to receive the appropriate advice. Complex businesses require specialized
industry knowledge to be sure proper coverage is provided. All products, from the simplest
commercial lines to the most complex excess and surplus lines or reinsurance treaty, are built
upon expertise and experience. We also provide reinsurance, primarily through the broker
market, offering casualty coverage, but also specialty property coverage. We do our best to
minimize our participation in the pure commodity side of the property casualty business.
All parts of the property casualty business are cyclical in nature. We pride ourselves in providing
a consistent open market. We will always quote business, hard market or soft. The customer
may find our prices high at some point in the cycle, or particularly attractive at another point.
But the agents and brokers who do business with us all understand that whatever the market,
we are always prepared to write business at a rational price. We attempt to optimize our return
by assuring our knowledgeable and experienced people have a sense of what the right price
is for any particular risk. The complexity of the insurance business is primarily derived from
the ultimate determination of loss cost.
Loss costs initially are estimated at the time a policy is written. Often it takes years before one is
able to determine the actual losses from a particular policy or class of business. Only then can
one assess whether or not the correct price was charged for the insurance policy. Frequently,
this delay may take years and one has relied on the original estimate for determining the
appropriate price for a particular policy. If the price of the policy was incorrect, this error would
have compounded itself for all of those years. Thus, the value of experienced underwriters is
critical. These are the people who are using personal experience and statistical information to
make estimates of the appropriate price. In building a successful insurance enterprise, having
a knowledgeable team of experienced underwriters is the key to success.
No matter how good an underwriter is, the very nature of the business is such that
claims always arise. Talented claims people are essential to resolve claims successfully at
the appropriate price, based on the terms and conditions of the policy, and the thoughtful
application of common sense. It is generally in everyone’s best interest to resolve claims as
promptly as possible. The recognition of timely claim settlement is an important element in our
claim strategy.
The insurance business is about making promises to financially protect people and property
against loss in value or reimbursing third parties for damages they may sustain that involved
our insured. We protect both tangible and intangible property in the event the unforeseen or
undesirable occurs. The insurance company takes on that fiduciary obligation, and a bond
of mutual trust must exist between the policyholder and the insurance company. It is the
existence of property casualty insurance that allows all business to go on in spite of the normal
uncertainties that we face every day. The reality of risk in everyday life requires a method
to ameliorate such risk if any type of financial exposure is to be reduced. If there were no
insurance, people could not borrow because the risk to the lender would be unacceptable.
Our industry represents the cornerstone of the financial system.
It is important to understand that we are an outcome focused company. We care about our
customers. We care that they are treated fairly and that their claims get paid appropriately.
The nature of the insurance business, however, frequently creates substantial process around
the effective implementation of our contractual obligations. We work diligently to be sure the
appropriate processes do not get in the way of our fulfilling the commitments of our insurance
policies. Much of the process is necessary to ensure that the risk spreading mechanism works
properly. We want to pay the appropriate amount for each claim. If we pay too much, we are
unfair to the company. If we pay too little, we are unfair to the insured. Getting the claims
payment correct is an important part of the process of any great insurance company.
We continued with our strategy of expansion in 2011; we invested in people, as well as two
new startup units. The depth of management in our corporate functions has been modestly
strengthened to allow us to maintain and enhance the existing level of oversight and control of
our 46 operating units. We have added to and built out our technology platform and increased
our capacity to provide integrated systems for our new ventures.
While we continued with our long-term fundamental strategy in 2011, at the same time, we
elected to change and evolve our model to adapt to the ever changing world. During this year,
it became clear that in the near term, the historic worries for a property casualty company
needed to be re-evaluated. Low interest rates became a greater concern than inflation. Overall
economic activity was no longer having the significant impact on our business as it had in
the prior several years. This required us to review our balance sheet. Our investments no
longer provided as attractive a return as in the past. We examined our portfolio with respect
to maturity, quality and liquidity to determine our options for achieving a new optimized
structure. We were prepared to somewhat reduce the level of our total liquidity, while generally
maintaining the maturity and quality of the portfolio. Historically, a very high percentage of our
bonds could provide almost immediate liquidity. We still maintain well over 85% of our portfolio
in marketable securities. We felt we could slightly modify this criteria while still maintaining a
portfolio that could provide more than ten times the maximum immediate liquidity that could
ever be required. In the event 2012’s cash flow increases substantially, it is likely that we will
have to expand our investment portfolio in other areas.
In addition to somewhat less liquid fixed-income securities, in the beginning of the year,
we also increased our position in common stocks. Early in the year as well, we took the
opportunity to acquire some high quality unleveraged commercial real estate. We continue
to be opportunistic in finding modest-sized opportunities that provide us exceptional risk-
adjusted investment returns. In spite of all this, it is likely that our investment yield will decline
slightly in 2012. However, due to our changed portfolio mix, we would anticipate a more
regular stream of capital gains reflecting the benefits of investing in different asset classes.
As we continued to review the balance sheet, we recognized that it is likely while inflation for
medical costs will continue its upward spiral, general social inflation is currently not an issue.
Thus, it is likely the assumptions used in establishing our reserves have led, and will continue
to lead, to conservatively established current reserve positions. Loss cost trends, however, are
no longer benign, and prior year redundancies are unlikely to be as robust in the near future.
We are particularly pleased with the ongoing discipline demonstrated by our underwriting
personnel. It is much more gratifying to grow and expand than to say no to growth and
contract. But our underwriters understand that writing business for the sake of more premium
only adds risk without a return. We are pleased with their demonstrated restraint. Just as
pleasing, however, is the fact that as pricing started to improve, their risk appetites expanded.
We were very happy to see our people take advantage of the changing environment in a
selective way. We anticipate continued broader price increases and concomitant increases in
premium volume in 2012.
Our business is a long-term business. The appropriate measurement period is probably
between seven and ten years, the average length of a cycle. While we have set as a targeted
return a goal of at least 15% after tax, that is an arbitrary number generated in the abstract as
some measure above what we have determined to be the risk-free rate of return (5-year Treasury
bills). Our expectation on an after-tax basis is to do at least 500 basis points above this risk-
free rate of return. From another perspective, our objective is to increase our shareholders’
book value per share in excess of the return generated by the S&P 500®. That is our risk-
adjusted return target. We are constantly examining our business model, modifying it and
adjusting it to help us optimize our return goals. The bottom end of our goal is 500 basis points
over the risk-free rate of return and our long-term objective is to deliver our investors a return
in excess of the S&P 500®. We have done this on a compound basis over the past 38 years.
Each year a new challenge is at hand. We believe at least in the near term we will continue
to be able to achieve these objectives. Our stated goal of a 15% return was derived from the
long-term return on the S&P 500®
of about 10%. That 15% long-term return continues to be
our objective, and has not changed.
This has been an exciting year. Many of our newer companies have gained traction and are
becoming profitable. We continue to find outstanding people to allow us to establish new
ventures. In 2011, we started a new treaty reinsurance business in Europe, based in the U.K.
We also have built a new company to focus on insuring technology risks. We continue to see
new opportunities, and we anticipate significant profitability in 2012 from our companies
started in the past five years.
The past 38 years have been rewarding for our shareholders. We have delivered compound
returns of 16.9% over this period versus the S&P 500®
of 10.3%. These results are a reflection
of the efforts of all our employees, our Board of Directors, and our agents and brokers.
Our position in today’s marketplace is a reflection of their efforts. We anticipate 2012 will
be an improving year.
Sincerely,
Willian R Berkley