TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 2
    The results of our Company in 2005 are a reflection of
our long-term strategy implemented by a dedicated group of employees. For the third straight year, W. R. Berkley Corporation’s after-tax return on equity exceeded 25%. This result was especially extraordinary given the industry’s unsatisfactory 2005 results. The insurance business, with all its complexity of implementation, requires dedicated people who recognize that every detail of the insurance transaction is important. These people are fully cognizant that the handling of every claim, whether large or small, requires care and attention. To implement our business strategy
WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

                                           The insurance business, like every other enterprise, is only of value when we deliver an economic solution to our customer’s problem.
with this level of diligence and consistency, every person
in the organization is important; every task they accomplish makes a difference in our results. Our business requires sweating the little stuff as well as the big stuff, and demands attention of people at every level of the organization. This is what makes our Company different.
The Company’s core strategy remains unchanged: to optimize our risk-adjusted return while investing appropriately to ensure a future that will continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. The actions that are required to
W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 3

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
  4
 In 2005 we had record earnings. We had an outstanding return on capital and we strengthened our balance sheet; all the while, investing in
our future. We had a plan.
achieve this goal create a constant tension between long and short-term objectives. It is easy to start down various tracks which will generate short-term benefits but which do not enhance the long-term values our owners seek.
We are always opportunistic but only when the opportunity enhances the intrinsic value of the enterprise and inures to the benefit of our shareholders.
In 1999 when we evaluated our strategic focus, we
made a series of decisions. First, we exited the personal lines business. The property exposure of personal lines created volatility while it delivered unsatisfactory returns. The private passenger auto side required the processing efficiency of large scale operations, something we did not possess in this line of business. Our analysis of returns available on personal lines was such that we did not believe we could achieve satisfactory returns, nor did
we think we could become a leader in the marketplace. We also realized the politicized nature of the personal lines business might create challenges to profitable operations. At the same time, we realized that once out
of the personal lines business, we needed operating units with more scale and greater technical skill. Thus, we con- solidated our regional businesses. These decisions have proved exceptionally rewarding as our regional business has grown from strength to strength, delivering better and better returns as they focused on niche areas of the commercial lines marketplace in their respective locales.
Our specialty business continues to grow and expand as we find new areas of specialization. The focus of our
units, to serve a particular marketplace with their own unique products, resulted in an extraordinary combination
of growth and outstanding returns. Our specialty units are managed in a way that allows them to optimize their own area of expertise and decisions are made at each unit with that in mind. When new areas of specialization appear, we do not necessarily give the opportunity to an existing enterprise. Rather, we may find a team with that special- ization and build a new unit around those individuals. This was particularly evident at the end of 2005 with the addition of several new start-ups.
The performance of our specialty business was, by every measure, excellent. Premium volume grew by 22% and overall profitability grew by 25% to a new high of almost $350 million. This segment of our business took advantage of the tight insurance marketplace and was able to grow in policy count and to increase prices. This segment truly delivered outstanding returns.
The regional business continues to gain market share
as it builds its position as a commercial lines insurer.
We insure property and casualty exposures of businesses in the 38 states in which we are currently operating.
We do not do a significant amount of business in urban markets and our typical customer is an owner-managed enterprise. Service and claims handling are critical elements that our customer, along with his independent agent, focus upon during the selection process. While no insurance company has a perfect record, our goal is to provide service that meets or exceeds the expectations
of our customer in fulfilling the terms and conditions of his insurance policy. We have chosen to do business through independent agents and brokers because we
 
                                           We had the vision to position our Company well, but the outcome is truly a reflection of the focus given to every detail every day by all of our people. They are the story of our Company’s results.
believe they provide to our ultimate customer – the consumer – the expertise necessary to select the appropri- ate insurance carrier and coverages.
The regional business thrives for several reasons. First, each of our companies knows its territory. Each company is a part of the community it serves and has long-term relationships with its agents. The products we offer are geared to their specific territory. We sell agricultural related products in the Midwest and products designed for the lumber industry in the Northeast. We do not believe that one size fits all. And finally, the decisions are made by local management at each company. They are responsible for their strategies and their implementation and they
are accountable for their results. Thus, we can deliver the benefits of a local company with the financial strength
of a global enterprise.
Our alternative markets business grew modestly in
2005 with premium volume increasing by approximately 5%. However, underwriting profit increased by almost 200% and operating income grew by nearly 80%. This segment of our business, which focuses on workers’ compensation with an emphasis on self-insureds, benefited greatly by its recent expansion into the California workers’ compensation market. The results of this business were substantially impacted in a positive way as
a result of the release of prior years’ reserve development at Preferred Employers, our California company. But this aside, the entire segment had growth and exceptional profitability. Because of recent rate decreases, the premium volume in California actually declined although we
had record profitability.
Our reinsurance business is focused on a defined segment of the market and because of our strategic decisions, it did not suffer extraordinary losses from the recent hurricane season. The premium volume of our reinsurance segment declined by approximately $100 million from 2004 to 2005. This decline derived primarily from two parts of the business. Fac Re’s volume declined by approximately $50 million due to the elimination of one major business relationship and, our quota share business at Lloyd’s declined by approximately $50 million in accordance with our prior plans. These declines were somewhat offset by growth at B F Re and various other niche opportunities. Primarily due to storm associated losses at our various Lloyd’s related underwriting units, the profitability of our reinsurance business declined.
Overall, we are quite pleased with our reinsurance business in spite of the lower volume and decline in profitability. We believe that both our facultative and treaty operations, as well as our participation in Lloyd’s, are well positioned; so much so that we will be able to continue building on this unique and specialty focused reinsurance enterprise. With approximately one half of our business coming from the facultative side and our treaty business having
a specialty casualty focus, we expect to continue into the future, patiently building in an opportunistic way.
Our international business grew by approximately 10%. Profitability grew at a similar pace. As we reorganized this segment of our business, we began to appreciate the quality of the enterprise. For the past ten years we have slowly built this business. The management teams are outstanding and, in each of the markets in which
W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 5

                                          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
  6
we operate, we are a well-respected leader. Although the global business has been more erratic than we anticipated, its unpredictable nature was not a result of the day to day business activities but rather a reflection of local political and social change. Over this period of time, we have learned a great deal about doing business in other countries. We believe this experience will allow us to be more effective in expanding our global presence. In the last quarter of 2005, we committed to begin business in Hong Kong, Brazil and Spain. We expect to continue investing resources throughout the globe where opportunities exist for satisfactory risk-adjusted returns.
The insurance business, like every other enterprise, is only of value when we deliver an economic solution to our customer’s problem. In the case of business insurance, our solution is to help our customers ameliorate unforeseen or random events which have a negative impact on their business. The price the customer pays is related to the economic value being delivered. The need for insurance
is derived from the economic value of this protection.
A price can be calculated for each risk based on the probability of the event and the expected severity of the average loss. However, this price is derived from the global universe of all such events. The business of insurance starts with ensuring that there is integrity of the information being used to make the decision – one needs the right numbers. Then, one needs to select the correct individual risk that will be better, or at least no worse, than the average, i.e. underwriting; and finally, in the event of a loss, one must effectively mitigate exposures in order to have the lowest possible claim’s settlement cost. Even
when all these things are done, the frictional cost of the process of obtaining the business and delivering the service must be managed. Each of our companies is a specialist by product, by territory, or by distribution channel. It is that knowledge and expertise – and the people who possess it – that give us our competitive advantage.
Ultimately, in a business like insurance, the results of an enterprise will be a reflection of its strategy and its people. Our year is a reflection of the efforts of our almost 5000 people who work in the operating units throughout the United States and around the world. While our Company, as many companies in our industry, has a strategy that appears thoughtful, the success of that strategy rests squarely on the backs of every person in the organization. In 2005 we had record earnings. We had an outstanding return on capital and we strengthened our balance sheet; all the while, investing in our future. We had a plan. We had the vision to position our Company well, but the outcome is truly a reflection of the focus given to every detail every day by all of our people. They are the story of our Company’s results. They understand that everything they do counts and each of them matters.
Sincerely,
William R. Berkley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2006
 