    EXPANDING OUR REACH
A MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2009 was a year highlighted by unprecedented global economic challenges. Despite this difficult environ- ment, our Company performed at a very high level. We were able to exceed our financial expectations, invest in our brands and businesses and position our company for sustainable long-term growth.
During the year, our global team focused on control- ling those things we could control. We managed our expenses and inventory to maximize cash flow, while continuing to invest in our businesses.
And, while the year began with a great deal of uncertainty, we never lost sight of our key initiatives— our Calvin Klein businesses, increasing our interna- tional presence, expanding our direct to consumer footprint and maximizing the profitability of our heritage businesses.
By year-end, our Calvin Klein businesses grew to 73% of our total Company revenues, International revenues grew to 55% of total Company revenues,
direct-to-consumer expanded to 23% of total Company revenues and our heritage businesses increased
in profitability.
Our mission, to become the premier global apparel company, remains unchanged and we remain com- mitted to that goal. Our record earnings in 2009 reflect this ambition and speak to the strength of our brands, the ongoing success of our key strategic initiatives and superior execution by our team.
GROWING CALVIN KLEIN
Our Calvin Klein businesses are the growth engine
of our Company. One of the world’s leading designer brands, Calvin Klein has tremendous equity with consumers transcending geographies, genders and ages. Our Calvin Klein business generated $1.5 billion in revenue in 2009 and we continue to set our sights on doubling the business over the next several years. International and direct-to-consumer expansion will drive us toward this goal, coupled with continued product innovation across our businesses.
1

     growth potential
Calvin Klein Underwear
Calvin Klein Underwear remains the dominant global designer underwear brand. We maintained our lead- ership position in 2009, as we focused on market share expansion. Calvin Klein Underwear generated just over $500 million in revenue in 2009, with an operating margin of approximately 20%. Calvin Klein Underwear revenues increased in all regions in constant currency. Our women’s business was focused on gaining market share in the bra category. In men’s, our fall launch of Steel United was very successful as our nine country model search gener- ated significant excitement and consumer demand. Looking ahead to 2010, we have two significant launches—Calvin Klein X for men and Calvin Klein Envy for women. We believe these new initiatives will contribute to double-digit revenue growth in our Calvin Klein Underwear business.
Calvin Klein Jeans
Calvin Klein Jeans is the largest business within our Calvin Klein portfolio. Our Calvin Klein Jeanswear revenues rose 6% in constant currency in 2009,
as our new product launches were met with strong consumer response. We created excitement with the introduction of the “body” jean, a dual gender launch with a body-enhancing fit, supported by an inter- national marketing campaign featuring Eva Mendez and Jamie Dornan. For 2010, we plan to build upon this success with the Spring introduction of White Washed Body followed by X Body for fall.
Our Calvin Klein Accessories business also had a good year. Accessory revenues approached $100 million in fiscal 2009, as we opened our first stand alone retail site in Europe. In 2010, we expect to add additional accessory locations and we remain confident in our ability to double our accessory business over time.
   Warnaco Inc. 2009 Annual Report—2

   MAXIMIZING CALVIN KLEIN
REVENUE PERCENTAGE BREAKDOWN
    Calvin Klein 73% Heritage Brands 27%
   3

 international impact
LEVERAGING OUR INTERNATIONAL PLATFORM
Our international expansion included strong growth in Latin America and Asia. We continue to optimize existing markets and assume direct control of other geographies. In 2009, our new direct markets included Chile and Peru, among others, and we took full con- trol of our Brazilian business. In Europe, our emphasis was on developing underpenetrated countries with particular focus on Germany, where we opened 4 new stores. We see significant expansion opportuni- ties across all geographies, Asia, Latin America and Europe, as we vertically integrate existing operations and convert third-party distributors and other partners to direct operations. During 2010, we expect to assume direct control of several geographies including Singapore and South China. We have identified similar revenue and profit opportunities in Asia, Europe and in South America, and over the near term anticipate solid growth from these initiatives.
DRIVING DIRECT TO CONSUMER EXPANSION
Our Direct-to-consumer business had an excellent year in 2009. Revenues rose 18% in constant currency and at year-end retail represented 23% of our total Company revenue. We added over 125,000 square feet and 195 points of distribution and ended fiscal 2009 with 650,000 square feet of retail space and 1,097 points of distribution. In 2010, we are planning further growth within our direct-to-consumer busi- ness. We are targeting a square footage increase
of approximately 20% from 2009, as we continue
to penetrate white space and seek opportunities
for expansion in Asia, Europe and the Americas.
We believe our long-term goal of growing direct-to- consumer to 30% of our total business is well within our reach.
Warnaco Inc. 2009 Annual Report—4

 OUTFITTING THE WORLD
BUSINESS PERCENTAGE BREAKDOWN
55% 45%
A Note from Non-Executive Chairman Charles R. Perrin
Your Board of Directors is especially proud of Warnaco’s 2009 financial results. Warnaco achieved record earnings despite the continued difficulties in the global economic cli- mate. Furthermore, Joe Gromek, his management team, and our 5,000 associates around the world continued making progress toward Warnaco’s long-term business initiatives.
During 2009, the Board of Directors strengthened its focus on Warnaco’s most important priorities, including corporate governance, enterprise risk management and strategic oversight.
The Board of Directors continued its commitment to the highest corporate governance standards. We believe that our focus on corporate governance principles and processes ensures that Warnaco is in the best position to deliver on its strategies and reward its shareholders. We regularly review Warnaco’s corporate governance practices, compensation polices and internal controls.
The Board of Directors further strengthened its enterprise risk management oversight process for review and evalua- tion of the risks inherent to Warnaco’s business. While the risks that any company faces will never be fully eliminated, we strive to ensure that management identifies risks at every
International Domestic
level of the business and analyzes the likelihood, possible impact and mitigation strategies for these risks.
To fulfill its responsibility of overseeing Warnaco’s key strat- egies, the Board of Directors devoted a significant amount of time to reviewing management’s strategies to build long- term shareholder value. In particular, the Board of Directors continues to believe that the global expansion of both Calvin Klein Jeans and Calvin Klein Underwear, including the expansion of our direct-to-consumer business, is critical to our long-term success.
In 2009, the Board of Directors continued its support of Warnaco through the broad range of diverse viewpoints of its Directors. Our Directors draw upon a wealth of manage- ment, executive and leadership skills and experiences that allow them to assist management in executing Warnaco’s strategies.
As we move forward in 2010, we seek to further enhance the Board of Directors support of Warnaco’s mission and strategy. We look forward to keeping you informed and,
as always, we appreciate your input and invite you to com- municate with the Directors at Board@warnaco.com.
5

   core strengths
OPTIMIZING OUR HERITAGE BUSINESSES
Our primary objective within our heritage businesses was to increase profitability. While total revenue for our Chaps, Core Intimates and Speedo brands was relatively unchanged for the year, operating profit margin rose 180 basis points and our brands gained market share. In 2010, we believe we can drive modest revenue growth within our heritage brands with exciting opportunities for channel and door expansion in our Chaps brand.
WARNACO VALUES
At Warnaco we are committed to our mission and values. We strive to create an environment in which all our associates can excel and grow. We conduct our business responsibly, behave ethically and make a positive contribution to the communities in which we operate around the world. The Warnaco Foundation continues to actively support organizations both internationally and domestically, including Save the Children and the Boys and Girls Club of America. Warnaco remains serious about fulfilling its role as
a global corporate citizen and continues to make progress with Project Green, as we strive to reduce waste and conserve energy globally.
LOOKING FORWARD
We are pleased with our 2009 accomplishments and are equally committed to continuing our success in
2010. We posses strong brands, a seasoned man- agement team and a great platform from which to continue our momentum in the year ahead. While we remain cautious about the consistency and the pace of the global economic recovery, we expect Warnaco will return to meaningful revenue growth this year. We will also continue to make investments in our business, marketing and infrastructure in support of our long-term growth initiatives. In total, we expect 2010 to be another positive year for Warnaco as we continue to implement our long-term growth strategies.
Our solid balance sheet strength affords us with considerable financial flexibility. In 2010, we will look to optimize our capital structure and increase share- holder value through investment in our businesses, further debt reduction and share repurchases. We will also explore strategic acquisitions to leverage our global platform and build on our diversified busi- ness model.
I would like to thank the 5,000 associates at Warnaco for their dedication and you, our shareholders, for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Joseph R. Gromek
President and Chief Executive Officer
   Warnaco Inc. 2009 Annual Report—6
