 Dear Fellow Shareholders
Fiscal 2006 was a year of solid progress for Warnaco, marked by a number of notable accomplishments.
We advanced our long-term strategic objectives of building our global platform and growing our direct-to-consumer businesses. Specifically, we acquired and integrated the Calvin Klein® Jeans and related businesses in Europe and Asia and further expanded our reach by increasing our total international business from 29% of net revenues in Fiscal 2005 to 43% in Fiscal 2006. Additionally, our global sourcing initiative progressed, which led to improved gross margins. Finally, and most importantly, we focused on investing our resources on the brands in our portfolio that we believe have the greatest growth and profit potential. All of these measures were undertaken to enhance shareholder value by building a stronger platform for future growth.
Power Brands, Global Reach: The Keys to Success
We believe that sustainable, long-term growth is best achieved through the development of “power brands” and a corresponding worldwide business platform to support them. To accomplish this, we remain committed to enhancing our existing global business platform, expanding into new geographies, and growing our direct-to-consumer network.
Nowhere was the success of this strategy more evident than in the performance of our Calvin Klein businesses during the year. With global reach in major categories and a channel strategy that includes significant penetration in both wholesale and direct- to-consumer, our Calvin Klein Underwear, Jeans and related businesses collectively generated revenues in excess of $1 billion.
Calvin Klein Underwear had a terrific year. Revenues grew 17% to nearly $400 million worldwide, and we saw significant increases in penetration in both new and existing markets. The fall 2007 launch of Steel, our latest men’s offering supported by a marketing campaign featuring Oscar-nominated actor Djimon Honsou, is sure to create worldwide attention for this franchise. Over time, we believe that our focus on product innovation and standard-setting marketing will help us to achieve our near term goal of $500 million in Calvin Klein Underwear revenues worldwide.
The integration of the acquired Calvin Klein Jeans and related businesses in Europe and Asia proceeded ahead of plan and contributed $314 million to Warnaco’s Fiscal 2006 net revenues. The acquisition also accelerated the expansion of our international direct-to-consumer initiative and development of our global platform.
In the Americas, although retail consolidation negatively impacted the revenues of our Calvin Klein Jeans business, improvements in our merchandise mix and productivity more than made up for that loss of business and led to favorable financial results, including improved profitability.
 1
  
  A note from Non-Executive Chairman Charles R. Perrin
As in prior years, in Fiscal 2006 the Board played an active role in the overall governance of the Company. During the year, the Company faced some significant challenges, but with the oversight and support of the Board, management’s deliberate execution of its strategies resulted in solid financial results and, importantly, laid the foundation for significant growth in the years ahead.
The Board discussed the Company’s overall strategy at three meetings in 2006. From a strategic perspective, your Board supports management’s international expansion initiatives, in our drive to become the premier global branded apparel company. Furthermore, the Board is strongly behind Joe and his team’s key strategies of growing your Company by focusing on building power brands, leveraging our international platform, expanding geographically, and growing our direct-to-consumer presence.
During the year, the Board met 10 times, and its committees collectively met 28 times. We also added to our ranks with the addition of Nancy Reardon in July as our eighth independent representative. Nancy, currently the Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer at Campbell Soup Company, brings to our Board not only expertise in the fields of human resources and corporate communications, but also valuable experience in global business practices.
In 2007, we will continue to partner with management to ensure that Warnaco has the necessary resources for profitable growth. As always, we value your input and welcome communications from you at Board@Warnaco.com.
Going forward, we believe there are additional opportunities to grow all of our Calvin Klein businesses, as we leverage our scale, exploit synergies among our businesses internationally and enter new markets.
Speedo®, the “power brand” that anchors our Swimwear Group, continued to set the pace, generating strong operating margins. Speedo remains the dominant brand in competitive swimming and a leader in innovation. Nowhere was this more evident than at the 2007 FINA World Championships, where 63% of all medals won and 12 of the 15 world records set at that event were done so by athletes wearing Speedo, including an astonishing 7 gold medals and 5 world records from Team Speedo’s Michael Phelps.
Lejaby®, our aspirational European lingerie brand, also produced positive results, with increases in revenue, operating income, and share penetration in its largest market, France. Our retail partners are enthusiastically supporting the launch of our Spring 2007 full figure initiative, Elixir. Additionally, at our US intimate apparel division, our long-term turnaround strategies showed signs of success, where Warner’s® gained modest market share and increased sales by 6% and Olga® maintained its market share in mid-tier stores, and was re-introduced in the department store channel with the launch of Olga’s Christina.
Building a Stronger Company
While we were pleased with our overall performance, the year was not without its challenges, and there is clearly more work to be done.
Chaps® net revenues declined by 6% to $196 million. Results for the brand were impacted by an investigation into accounting irregularities and a subsequent restatement of prior period results, which were discovered internally and addressed in a manner exemplary of our Company’s high professional and ethical standards.
We believe the Chaps brand has significant equity, and it remains an important resource in our portfolio, with the potential for near-term improvement in profitability. This will be accomplished through improved product offerings, increased penetra- tion of higher margin merchandise categories, better pricing and fewer markdowns. We made measurable progress in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2006 and we’re optimistic that the brand will return to double-digit profitability in the future.
We are also taking steps to improve our designer swimwear businesses. In the beginning of the year, we faced challenges with shipping, re-orders and order cancellations due to the introduction of a new systems infrastructure. Today, those
 2

“We are committed to enhancing shareholder value and our actions and our energies are directed toward that objective.”
problems have been resolved and the new system is working well, allowing that Group’s leadership, including talented new colleagues in management and design, to focus on bringing to market innovative product offerings that are the hallmark of Warnaco Swimwear.
Shaping Our Future
We continue to be optimistic about our future. We have a strong portfolio of brands, led by our global Calvin Klein businesses, and a dedicated and motivated team.
One of our key goals is to grow our international revenues to over 50% of our total business. To achieve this, we are building our international direct-to-consumer business and further developing our regional and country platforms. Investments in our global sourcing initiative, as well as the recruitment, training and development of talented and motivated personnel world- wide, will also serve us well.
In 2007 and beyond, we intend to further strengthen our business by continuing to critically assess our portfolio to ensure that we have the optimal platform for growth. Additionally, we will also explore new business and acquisition opportunities that complement our core competencies and offer compelling global growth potential.
We are committed to enhancing shareholder value and our actions and our energies are directed toward that objective. We believe we are well positioned for continued profitable growth in 2007 and beyond. We have clear objectives and—thanks to the hard work and support of our more than 10,000 associates around the world—we are well on our way to achieving them.
Sincerely,
Joseph R. Gromek
President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
