Letters to our shareholders
Leading the way
Ushering in a new era of leadership as we continue to move forward
Our company delivered solid growth in 2011, demonstrating
once again the power of our diverse business model, the
strength of our brand portfolio, and the validity of our strategies. Throughout the year, we continued to make progress
against our long-term objectives to maximize our Calvin
Klein businesses, expand our global reach, increase our
direct-to-consumer penetration and enhance the profitability of our heritage brands of Chaps, Speedo, Warner’s and
Olga. As a result, we achieved a nearly 10% increase in rev-
enue and an 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share
from continuing operations while managing through economic adversity in Europe and the US as well as unprecedented increases in product costs. Our results, in the face of
challenges in our largest markets, reflect the talent and
dedication of our team around the world.
Our Brands
Calvin Klein continues to be the driver of growth in
Warnaco’s portfolio and remains one of the world’s most
desired brands. Calvin Klein’s broad appeal transcends
geography, gender and age. Our Calvin Klein businesses
grew by 12% to $1.9 billion and account for 75% of total
company revenue. Expansion in International and Direct-
to-Consumer fueled our growth and was supported by
strong new product launches and the impactful marketing
campaigns of ck one, Naked Glamour and Power Stretch
denim. Marketing behind the dual category launch of ck one
was our first significant move toward digital. The majority of
our marketing investment was targeted to that media and
we were very excited by the results. Both Calvin Klein Jeans
and Calvin Klein Underwear posted strong results. Driven
by the very strong performance of ck one, our men’s underwear segment extended its leadership position in the
market. As we enter 2012, we are well positioned for continued growth.
Our heritage brands’ profit contribution in 2011 was notable.
The combined brands in heritage improved their operating
margin led by Speedo, which grew top line and returned to
a high-teen operating margin. Revenue growth in Speedo,
Warner’s and Olga more than offset a soft year in Chaps.
Our World
Our business grew internationally, increasing by 17%, and
accounted for 60% of total company revenue. Impressive
growth in Asia and Latin America continued, with both
regions achieving revenue increases of 28%. This was driven
by comparable store growth, new store openings, acquisitions of new markets like Taiwan and entry into new territories like Chile and Peru. We are proud of the sizable
businesses we have built in China and Brazil. We enjoy a
leadership position in these markets and we believe our
experience in emerging markets is a competitive advantage
that we will leverage into new markets such as India. Our
business in Europe and the US was more challenging. We
made progress in Northern Europe and were particularly
pleased with our results in Germany. Southern Europe, however, which represents more than 45% of our European business, remained under significant economic pressure. Weak
market conditions combined with some operational difficulties generated a very disappointing profit performance in
Europe in 2011. While our executional issues have been
addressed, general economic conditions remain poor. We
have low growth expectations for Europe and the US in the
near term given the continued softness in these markets.
Our Channels of Distribution
Wholesale represents the largest part of our business and
will retain an important role in our future. However, Direct-to-
Consumer expansion was the growth story in 2011. Direct-
to-Consumer revenue grew by 28% and ended the year
with $726 million in revenue, in excess of one million square
feet of retail space and more than 1,700 points of distribution. Our comparable store sales are a key indicator of the
business and we were up 4% for the year. And, importantly,
the four-wall operating margin for our direct-to-consumer
business expanded to 22%, a result we’re quite proud of.
Our Future
As we look ahead, we believe that there is considerable
organic growth opportunity in the business. We recently
presented our five-year plan where we outlined our objective to grow revenue at a compounded rate of 10% through
2016 and continue to create shareholder value with earnings per share (from continuing operations) growing at a
rate of 15%, outpacing revenue.
We will continue to execute against the same strategies that
have generated such positive results to date. The expansion
of Direct-to-Consumer, particularly full price stores, will
drive two thirds of our growth in future years. We have the
potential to approach $2 billion in owned retail revenue over
time. In order to realize that potential we will have to
heighten our focus on the consumer, product, marketing
and our in-store execution and operations. To lead this transition to a more consumer-centric model, we have reorganized the management of our Calvin Klein business. We
have established two centers of excellence; one focused on
creative (product and marketing) and the other on commercial execution. The organization is energized by this
change and very optimistic about the future benefits as we
work to accelerate our growth.
In 2012, we will continue to grow our Calvin Klein businesses
through international and direct-to-consumer expansion,
with a near term focus on Asia and Latin America. We expect
to focus our Heritage business on gaining market share for
profit improvement. In particular, Speedo will leverage the
upcoming Olympics to set a platform for future growth
(and look for a lot more gold medals from team USA!). We
expect total company earnings per share (from continuing
operations) to again grow faster than revenue and our priority remains to effectively utilize the considerable cash
generated by the business to drive shareholder value.
In short, we accomplished a good deal in 2011 and we
believe that 2012 will be a year of positive results and solid
progress against our long-term initiatives. Importantly, we
believe that there is considerable growth potential ahead
and with the changes we have put in place we are well positioned to realize the opportunity.
No look at 2011 would be complete without recognizing the
leadership and contributions of Joe Gromek, Warnaco’s
Chief Executive Officer, who retired in February 2012.
Through his vision, Joe created a strong foundation upon
which Warnaco will continue to grow and prosper. I am
appreciative of his guidance and mentorship and it is with
great excitement and pride that I assume the CEO role at
Warnaco to continue the work that we started together and
drive for continued success.
As we close out the year, I would like to thank our more
than 6,000 associates around the world for their efforts
and commitment and, you, our stakeholders for your continued support.
Helen McCluskey
President and Chief Executive Officer