 For Warnaco, 2007 was a very strong year. Annual revenues increased 12% to $1.9 billion, and net income increased 56% to $79 million. We outperformed many of our peers and Warnaco shareholders were rewarded with
a 34% increase in share price for the year.
Our solid performance reflected the continued successful execution of our strategy to evolve the Company into a global apparel leader by stretching our geographic footprint, expanding through leading retail partners and growing
our direct-to-consumer network. This strategy served us especially well in a year of further retail consolidation and domestic economic challenge. Since we acquired the Calvin Klein® Jeans and related businesses in Europe and Asia two years ago, our international sales have increased from under 30% to almost half of our total, and our direct-to-consumer revenues have increased from 6 to 18%. In the process, we have built an effective global infrastructure and the business platform we need to support our future growth.
We remain focused on our long-term strategic objectives and committed to directing our resources to those businesses and brands with the greatest potential for growth and profitability. In 2007, this led to the acquisition of several new Calvin Klein licenses, the divesture of several designer swim brands and an intimate apparel brand and our exit from direct manufacturing. These initiatives leave us well positioned for future growth at even higher rates of profitability.
Calvin Klein—Power Brand, Global Reach
Calvin Klein continues to drive our growth. In 2007, our Calvin Klein revenues increased by 24% to $1.2 billion, accounting for two-thirds of the Company’s total.
The growth was driven primarily by international and direct-to-consumer expansion. Our prod- ucts are widely distributed at wholesale and retail in approximately 110 countries, including
740 retail points of sale which are directly oper- ated by our Company.
We expanded our Calvin Klein portfolio with
the acquisition of new rights and licenses that have the potential to add meaningful revenue over the next several years. They include retail rights for accessories in Europe, Asia and Latin America, global e-commerce rights for Calvin Klein Jeans and Calvin Klein Jeans accessories and rights to Calvin Klein Golf Apparel in Asia, our fastest growing region.
Calvin Klein Underwear
It was an outstanding year for Calvin Klein Underwear, powered by growth in our direct- to-consumer business, robust international performance, and the highly successful global launch of Calvin Klein Steel.
With the introduction of Calvin Klein Steel we continued the brand’s heritage of creating inno- vative product supported by compelling mar- keting. The result was the largest launch in the history of Men’s Calvin Klein Underwear, exceeding our expectations in all geographies.
As we move through 2008, we expect to add to our leadership position in the Men’s business and increase our market share in Women’s. Leveraging our leadership in design and mar- keting, and the strength of our global distribution platform, we expect to continue to grow this dynamic business.
Calvin Klein Jeans
It was also a great year for Calvin Klein Jeans. Revenues grew by a healthy 27% as we extended our international reach and expanded our direct- to-consumer footprint. We see significant oppor- tunities to expand this powerful business further, as we leverage the strength of the brand, con- tinue to increase direct-to-consumer sales, and take more advantage of less penetrated categories such as accessories.
01
Warnaco, Inc. 2007 Annual Report
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 
   A Note from Non-Executive Chairman Charles R. Perrin
In Fiscal 2007, Warnaco’s Board of Directors remained committed to its mission of creating shareholder value by supporting management’s strategic initiatives to position the Company as a global leader in the apparel industry. We recognize management’s accomplishments in con- nection with the Company’s execution of its strategy, its ongoing commitment to operational excellence and
its responsibility as a global corporate citizen.
During the year, the Board met 8 times, and its commit- tees collectively met 27 times demonstrating our continu- ing commitment to the Company and the maintenance of the highest standard of corporate governance.
Looking forward, macroeconomic conditions may present us with challenges as well as opportunities. The Company’s unique global profile differentiates us among our industry peers and positions us to better withstand any adverse effects caused by the prospect of a weak domestic economy.
The Board’s diverse composition remains a significant asset to the Company. We are a multi-disciplined group with a broad range of experiences and viewpoints. We
02 bring fresh perspectives to discussions of the challenges and opportunities that management encounter as they
position the Company for continued success.
As always, we appreciate your input and invite you to communicate with us at Board@Warnaco.com.
Looking Ahead
Our goal remains to double our Calvin Klein revenues in the next five years, primarily by expanding internationally and growing our direct-to-consumer segment.
Globally, we generated double-digit growth in all major foreign countries as our international rev- enues grew to 48% of the Company total and we see significant opportunities for further growth in Asia, Europe and the Americas. In 2007, our business in China grew by over 72% and we recorded a 43% increase in Europe, led by Italy, Spain and Russia. We have the regional platforms and the infrastructure we need to fur- ther develop our businesses, and we expect international operations to generate more than 50% of total Company revenues in fiscal 2008.
Our direct-to-consumer Calvin Klein business is integral to our strategy—it is a high margin chan- nel that not only adds to our revenues, but also enhances our presence in the markets we serve.
Overall, our direct-to-consumer revenues rose 37% in 2007. We opened 85,000 square feet of new retail space, and we expect to add another 80,000 square feet in 2008. We anticipate direct- to-consumer revenues will continue to grow to more than 25% of the Company’s total over time.
Strengthening the Core
Our focus in 2007 was to improve the profit- ability of our swimwear, Chaps®, and core intimates brands.
Swimwear
We announced new leadership in our Swim- wear Group. Helen McCluskey, our Group President, Intimate Apparel, was given the added responsibility of global management of our Swimwear brands.
To improve the Group’s productivity as well as profitability, we decided to exit our owned manufacturing operations and the designer swim brands, other than Calvin Klein Swim.

 With these moves we feel we are now better positioned for future profitability in this segment.
While fiscal 2007 was a challenging year for Speedo®, the brand retained its leadership posi- tion in racing and competitive swim. Speedo continued to enjoy strong demand for its perfor- mance products from sporting goods stores and our unique team dealer network. The strategic decision we made to exit owned manufacturing will position the brand for improved profitability.
With interest generated by the excitement of the upcoming Beijing Olympics, Speedo’s dominant market position, and focused operating disci- pline, we are looking forward to better results
differences in the lives of those we touch and we have launched initiatives to enable us to achieve our objectives.
We have introduced a number of initiatives including the creation of the Warnaco Founda- tion to support our goals. The mission of the Warnaco Foundation is to benefit future genera- tions in the communities in which we live and work by pledging our time, energy, and financial resources to the initiatives that we support. With respect for the environment, our project green team continues to look for ways to produce and deliver our products in more environmentally conscious ways.
Outlook
In 2008 and beyond we will continue to pursue
our key strategies to grow our Calvin Klein busi-
ness, expand internationally, and broaden our
direct-to-consumer platform. Our strong balance
sheet and cash generation will permit us to 03 explore new business and acquisition opportu-
nities that complement our core competencies and offer compelling global growth potential.
The passion and dedication of our 4,656 asso- ciates around the world was an integral part
of our success in 2007. With their continuing support, we believe 2008 will be another year of significant accomplishment and increased value for all Warnaco stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Joseph R. Gromek
President and Chief Executive Officer
in 2008 and beyond.
Chaps
We returned the Chaps business to targeted levels of profitability in 2007, while building on its brand equity with our retail partners and consumers.
It is well positioned in its primary distribution channel, and we expect it to contribute to the Company’s overall operating income in the years ahead.
Core Intimate Apparel
Our Core Intimate Apparel segment had a very good year. Revenue and operating income increased and we experienced improvements in all our key metrics.
Our focus on superior product drove share gains in Warner’s® and Olga®, both of which outperformed a flat moderate bra market. While we expect the domestic bra market to remain challenged, we believe that our business will prosper, as we continue to deliver differentiated product to our partners and consumers.
Beyond Business
In 2007, we focused attention on Warnaco’s broader responsibility as a global citizen. We are committed to finding ways to make
 Warnaco, Inc. 2007 Annual Report
