3
  Letter to Shareholders
 James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our belief that RockTenn would perform relatively well during the recession was borne out in 2009. In fact, RockTenn performed well not only on a relative basis, but on an absolute basis as well, recording record net income per share of $5.75.
We repaid $287 million in net debt, which combined with dividends of $15 million represents $7.81 per share, a 16.6% return on our September 30, 2009 closing stock price of $47.11. We were very well positioned to benefit from falling prices for recycled fiber, natural gas, chemicals and transportation, and we had a full year of operations of our greatly expanded corrugated packaging business following our March 2008 acquisi- tion of Southern Container. But neither of those factors fully explains how RockTenn emerged in 2009 as the most profitable company in our industry.
Our businesses require that we manufacture large quantities of paperboard and packaging produced to exacting quality standards, with tight delivery schedules, that we sell in highly competitive markets, typically characterized by tight margins. To succeed in these busi- nesses demands exacting execution of a broad range of operating and administrative tasks. To be the best supplier of these products, measured in this case as the most profitable, requires that much greater excellence in executing these complex tasks. The great strides our RockTenn co-workers have achieved over the last few years in executing
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report

  Michael E. Kiepura Executive Vice President
Mike has responsibility for our Consumer Packaging business, including our coated paperboard mills and folding carton plants. He was Executive Vice President of our Folding Carton division from 2005 to 2008. Prior to joining RockTenn in 1995 when we acquired Olympic Packaging, he was President of Olympic Packaging.
4
  Letter to Shareholders
all these tasks with consistent excellence are, in my view, of equal importance with our acquisitions in leading to the transformation of RockTenn. These strides are the result
of the hard and consistent work of our 10,000 co-workers who come to work each day committed to satisfying our customers completely, every time they do business with us,
and to making RockTenn the most respected company in our business. I have tremendous respect for what they are achieving, every day.
As it does each year, the cover page of our annual report pictures key contributors at RockTenn doing their jobs, working to meet their customers’ needs (you’ll find information about this year’s teammates on the inside

 Photographed at the Montreal Folding Plant with Richard Lapalme, General Manager
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report
5
 cover of this report). This year we also picture our business unit leaders who provide the senior guidance for our teams. Each one of them is
an outstanding leader – experienced and knowledgeable in all aspects of our business, committed to our culture of high performance and unmatched customer satisfaction and laser focused on doing what it takes to enable our co-workers to be successful in pursuing
our strategy. You will find brief introductions to these business unit leaders accompanying their pictures in this report.
Turning to our results for the year, I’ll sum- marize the key points. Our adjusted earnings per share were $4.64, up 68% over last year’s record earnings. We passed our 31-month debt to EBITDA goal of 3.0 times, 15 months ahead

 6
Photographed at the Hebron Corrugated Graphics/Preprint Plant with Joseph Bell, Mounter
  Letter to Shareholders
of our commitment, and ended the fiscal year at 2.35 times debt to EBITDA (2.60 times excluding black liquor tax credits), and in November 2009 our corporate credit rating was upgraded by both rating agencies – to investment grade by Standard & Poor’s, and those upgrades came only 20 months after we had borrowed $1.06 billion to acquire
Southern Container for cash in March 2008. We repaid $287 million in net debt from our free cash flow of $314 million, contributed $40 million to fund our pension plans and paid dividends of $15 million, or $0.40 per share. Our return on sales measured by EBITDA and by EBITDA minus capex reached 19% and 16%, respectively, the

  RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report
                7
 James B. Porter III Executive Vice President
Jim has responsibility for our Corrugated Packaging business, including our containerboard mills, corrugated box plants and high-impact graphics plants. Prior to joining RockTenn in 2008 when we acquired Southern Container, Jim was President and Chief Operating Officer of Southern Container.
 highest reported return of any public paper- board and packaging company.
We completed the integration of Southern Container with RockTenn without a hitch and achieved total acquisition related synergies and operational improvements of $26 million, more than twice the target we announced at the time of the acquisition. Our 2008 acquisition
of Southern Container exceeded even our own high expectations and added adjusted earnings of $1.39 per share in the first full fiscal year ended September 2009.
We completed major ERP IT system infra- structure upgrades on time and on our modest budget, implemented RockTenn’s financial systems at Southern Container’s operations

  Richard E. Steed Executive Vice President
Dick joined RockTenn’s recycled fiber operations in 1975. He has been responsible for our Specialty Paperboard Products operations since 2008, and had most recently served since 1997 as President and CEO of RTS Packaging, our joint venture with Sonoco Products Company.
8
Photographed at the Chattanooga Specialty Recycled Paperboard Mill with Boyd Webb, 5th Hand

9
 Letter to Shareholders
 and realized administrative cost savings docu- mented at $16 million per year and sustainable savings from Six Sigma process improvement projects documented at $22 million per year.
We gained market share in our consumer
and corrugated packaging businesses, our
two largest businesses, and ended the year with strong backlogs in our coated mills, near full running schedules at our containerboard mills – and a host of ideas to work on to make RockTenn better in 2010.
We achieved the highest customer satisfaction scores in the eight years we have been mea- suring them. In 2009, our customers rated their overall satisfaction with RockTenn at 9.02 on a scale of 10, a remarkably high rating that indicates we are indeed powerfully differentiating RockTenn’s overall perfor- mance by fulfilling our commitment to satisfy our customers completely every time they do business with us.
In November, Procter & Gamble, our largest single customer, selected RockTenn’s corru- gated business one of seven companies out of more than 80,000 worldwide suppliers
to be a recipient of their 2009 supplier of
the year award. Procter & Gamble selected the winners based on their innovation and demonstrated ability to deliver low cost and sustainable solutions that streamline and improve their supply chain. RockTenn was the only packaging company out of the seven recipients to receive this award.
We made significant strides in achieving our goal of operating sustainably and minimizing our impact on the environment. This year we continued our focus on achieving independent certification to sustainable forestry and chain of custody standards. Building on our certifi- cation in 2008 of all of our folding carton plants to the Sustainable Forestry Initiative® (SFI) fiber sourcing standards, this year we
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report

  Craig A. Gunckel Executive Vice President and General Manager — Merchandising Displays
Craig joined RockTenn’s Folding Carton division
in 1995. From 2004 to 2008, he served as Vice President Regional Sales East, and upon Jim Einstein’s retirement this year, he became Executive Vice President and General Manager – Merchandising Displays.
10
Photographed at the Winston-Salem Assembly and Display Plant

11
 Letter to Shareholders
 achieved certification to the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC) standards at one mill, and triple chain of custody certification at two of our plants with certification to the standards of the FSC, SFI and the Programme for the Endorse- ment of Forest Certification (PEFC). One of our principal sustainability goals is the reduction of waste in all our processes. Our newly acquired corrugated packaging plants embarked on a waste reduction initiative using RockTenn Six Sigma experts and achieved a 16% reduction in plant waste in the first year of the program.
Finally, in October 2009, our Board of Directors increased our indicated annual dividend rate by 50% to $0.60 per share. Our dividend increase recognizes our Company’s growth in size and profitability and the sustainable cash flows across economic cycles that we generate from the stable food and consumer nondurable product end markets for our paperboard and packaging.
The year 2010’s challenges and opportunities loom large now – chief among the challenges we see are not the economy or our competitors, that’s day-to-day stuff to all of us – but our federal government in Washington, which seems bent on ending our current private health care system, which our employees consistently tell us is their favorite benefit, imposing either EPA regulation of carbon emissions or a cap and tax regime to increase the cost of energy in our operations (and we use a lot of energy) while giving our foreign competitors, principally in China, a free pass to continue to increase their low cost coal-based energy sources, and depriving our employees of a secret ballot in union organiz- ing campaigns, further challenging our global competitiveness. Tough challenges to face for those of us who passionately believe in the critical importance to the wealth and welfare
of our nation of manufacturing jobs such
as RockTenn’s.
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report

  Erik J. Deadwyler Executive Vice President and General Manager — Recycled Fiber
Erik is responsible for our recycling plants and RockTenn Trading, our fiber brokerage and trading business. Prior to joining RockTenn in 2002, he was Manager of Trading for Enron Industrial Markets and National Sales Representative for Smurfit-Stone Recycling.
12
Photographed at the Knoxville Recycling Plant

13
 Letter to Shareholders
 The business environment also presents significant challenges as the recession contin- ues, with high unemployment still rising and reduced demand for consumer nondurables and industrial products. As a result, we expect to continue to see demand for consumer and corrugated packaging weaker than pre-reces- sion levels, although demand for consumer packaging appears stronger, relatively, than demand for corrugated packaging. Notwith- standing these trends, backlogs in our five coated recycled mills are very strong by historical standards, and we expect minimal economic downtime for as far into fiscal 2010 as we can see. Bleached paperboard industry volumes have been increasing, although they remain below optimal levels, and we expect to continue to run our mill full due to our ability to internalize any production
in excess of demand from our paperboard customers. We also expect to produce sub- stantially more containerboard tons in fiscal 2010 than in 2009, although we expect to take some economic downtime as we continue to match production to our customer demand. We believe that the current bias for paper- board and pulp pricing in 2010 will be toward higher pricing, based on our expectation that demand will strengthen and the fact that the 2009 black liquor tax incentives will expire at the end of December. Input costs, particularly for recycled fiber and energy, although higher than 2009, remain at relatively low levels, but we would expect the bias for recycled fiber costs to be toward increasing costs whenever demand for paperboard and packaging increases with the eventual economic recovery.
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report

  Steven C. Voorhees Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
Steve was appointed Chief Administrative Officer in July 2008, and has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2000. Prior to joining RockTenn, Steve was an executive and worked with Jim Rubright at Sonat Inc.,
a diversified energy company.
14
Photographed at the Norcross Home Office with Kim Keller-Allen, Six Sigma Black Belt; Karen Icklan, IT Director, Implementation and Support; Brenda Dixon, Six Sigma Black Belt; Steve Riggan, IT Director, Enterprise Systems;
and Paul Stecher, Vice President and Chief Information Officer

15
 Letter to Shareholders
 In January, in connection with the election
of our nominees to our Board of Directors,
J. Hyatt Brown’s 39 years of service as a director will come to an end with his retire- ment from our Board. Hyatt has been an active participant in RockTenn’s growth
since he joined our Board in 1971 after his brother A. Worley Brown joined RockTenn
to become its second CEO. Hyatt and Cici Brown individually and through their com- pany, Brown & Brown, have for a long time been among RockTenn’s largest shareholders – sharing majority voting power with Brad Currey for the first eight years after RockTenn’s initial public offering. Hyatt, Cici and Brad voluntarily surrendered that control in 2002 by converting their super voting shares, and asked for no compensation, when they became convinced that it was in RockTenn’s best interest that they do so. Hyatt has long been an invaluable advisor to RockTenn leaders
and directors (myself chief among them) and a fast friend to us all. We all have much to thank him for, and on behalf of so many of us here at RockTenn, I do so now.
We have much to be thankful for at RockTenn. We have great customers in stable end markets who value us as a key supplier. We have great co-workers who operate our very low cost, well-invested assets. We have a track record
of improving our performance and delivering outstanding financial results for our share- holders. We take our responsibility for building on this strong foundation to heart – and believe that 2010 and the years beyond will see us continue to produce outstanding results.
With best regards,
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
RockTenn | 2009 Annual Report
 