DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
The RockTenn team delivered solid operating and strong financial performance in fiscal 2014 as we strengthened our foundation to achieve even greater success in the coming years.
We made significant progress both in the marketplace and at our operating locations during the year. We set records with sales reaching $9.9 billion, adjusted earnings per share of $3.76 and free cash flow generation of $6.10 per share, which is up 9 percent over last year. Our free cash flow of almost $900 million for the year represents a 12 percent return on the beginning market value of RockTenn equity on September 30, 2013 – a very attractive result for our investors. Most notable were the team’s ability to overcome the impact of taking 260,000 tons of market downtime in the December quarter as well as the extreme weather conditions in the March quarter.
During the year, we realigned our operations to better serve our customers’ needs. Our complementary product offerings of folding cartons, corrugated packaging and retail merchandising displays uniquely position us to provide broad-based, innovative packaging solutions to our customers to help them win in the marketplace
by increasing their sales and lowering their costs. We are intensely focused on providing innovative solutions for our customers that create value for them. I expect that our customer-centric approach to the market will create more opportunities for us to profitably grow our business.
An anticipated benefit of the realignment is the creation of more development opportunities for our people across the paper and packaging solutions businesses. We are also driving greater consistency in our culture across the company as we reinforce and reward performance relative to our high expectations for product quality and service. We are investing in talent development and expect these investments to result in noticeably higher employee and customer engagement in the coming years.
Our first priority for capital allocation is investment in our core businesses through capital expenditures. During fiscal 2014, we invested $534 million in capital projects that both maintained and improved our mill system and our converting assets.
  STEVE VOORHEES
CEO, ROCKTENN
    
 We set records with sales reaching $9.9 billion, adjusted earnings per share of $3.76 and free cash flow generation of $6.10 per share.
During 2014, we completed the 24-month reconfiguration project at our Hopewell, Va., linerboard mill, that resulted in increased production, improved product quality and reduced cost. On the No. 3 paper machine at our West Point, Va., containerboard mill, we installed the first of three new head boxes, which will improve quality and reduce cost. The other two are scheduled for installation in early 2015 and we expect similar results. And at our Florence, S.C., linerboard mill, we began operation of a new $50 million wood yard that will generate savings in the form of increased efficiency, improved chip and virgin pulp quality, lower biomass energy costs and lower chip costs. We are investing $46 million at our Stevenson, Ala., corrugated medium mill, to convert to a carbonate pulping process that will improve wood yield and reduce costs. The project will start up in early 2016 and is expected to generate $18 million in annual pre-tax cost savings.
We installed seven new EVOL flexo folder gluers in our corrugated box plant system that are greatly enhancing the capabilities and productivity of those plants. An example of this investment strategy can be seen at our Humboldt, Tenn., corrugated box plant, where earlier this year, we replaced four inefficient flexo folder gluers and two die cutters by installing one new EVOL and a rotary die cutter. This equipment
is helping the plant to significantly increase quality and productivity. Compared to March of this year, Humboldt’s production per man hour has already improved by 60 percent. During the next three years, we expect to install 23 additional EVOLs throughout our corrugated box system.
Our second capital allocation priority is investment in acquisitions that improve our businesses. We invested
$474 million in three acquisitions this year that provided us access to new markets, the opportunity to reduce costs and improve the breadth and depth of our customer offerings.
In May, we completed the acquisition of the Tacoma, Wash., containerboard mill, which helped RockTenn establish a West Coast presence to complement our box plant system and better serve customers in that geographic region. The Tacoma mill added 12 cents per share on a split-adjusted basis to after-tax earnings in only four-and-a-half months as part of RockTenn.
We gained significant capabilities in our merchandising displays business with the acquisition of NPG Holding, Inc., in December and A.G. Industries, Inc., in August. A.G. Industries more than doubled the size of our permanent display business,
          
      Another benefit of the realignment is the creation of more development opportunities for our people across the paper and packaging solutions businesses.
while NPG significantly strengthened our offerings to retail customers. Our merchandising displays business had record sales and earnings during the year with total annual run rate revenues now exceeding $900 million.
We implemented our balanced capital allocation approach by returning $337 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the year, we invested $236 million
in ourselves by repurchasing 4.7 million split-adjusted shares of RockTenn stock that retired more than 3 percent of our outstanding stock while maintaining our two times leverage ratio target.
We will continue to focus our efforts on generating attractive free cash flow returns for our shareholders. Through our commercial excellence, operational excellence, Six Sigma projects and well- executed capital projects, RockTenn will continue to drive noticeable business improvements and positive momentum. We recently increased our annual cost savings and productivity improvements target for fiscal 2016 through 2018 to $200 million per year.
RockTenn’s well-integrated paper and packaging businesses offer products that are manufactured using recyclable and renewable fiber resources. Sustainability is embedded throughout our company. RockTenn received “Leadership in Sustainability” awards in each of the past two years from the American Forest & Paper Association
for our sustainability efforts in recycling and our fiber supply chain certification program.
We had a very good year in 2014. With the improvements we are making in our operations and in our ability to provide winning solutions for our customers, I am even more excited about the future.
Many thanks to RockTenn’s team of approximately 27,000 co-workers for their dedication to serving our customers and creating opportunities for our continued success.
Steve Voorhees
Chief Executive Officer
      