 mailing address and phone number.
Annual Meeting:
Northeast Atlanta Hilton
5993 Peachtree Industrial Blvd. Norcross, GA 30092
Friday, January 28, 2000
9:00 A.M.
Auditors:
Ernst & Young LLP 600 Peachtree St. Suite 2800
Atlanta, GA 30308
Direct Deposit of Dividends:
Rock-Tenn shareholders may have their quarterly cash dividends automatically deposited to checking, savings or money market accounts through the automatic clearinghouse system. If you wish to participate in the program, please contact:
Boston Equiserve, L.P.
P.O. Box 8217
Boston, MA 02266-8217
800-633-4236
Common Stock:
Rock-Tenn Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RKT. There is not an established public trading market for the Company’s Class B common stock.
As of December 3, 1999, there were approximately 4,191 Class A common shareholders of record and 130 Class B common shareholders of record.
Form 10-K Report:
A copy of the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1999, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is available at no charge to shareholders of record, by writing to: Investor Relations
Rock-Tenn Company
P.O. Box 4098
Norcross, GA 30091
email: investorrel@rocktenn.com
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE CHAIRMAN
We ended fiscal 1999 strong. As the year came to a close, packaging and other converting operations picked up and paperboard mills ran closer to their full capacity. Prices also began to recover from weaker levels in the first half. Our business is in excellent shape today. Every division is stronger and contributing to operating income. All have excellent prospects for fiscal 2000.
After net sales declined for the first half of fiscal 1999 by 3.3%, the Company recorded a modest net sales increase for the third quarter over the same quarter of fiscal 1998 and an 8.7% net sales increase for the fourth quarter resulting in net sales for the year of just over $1.3 billion, a small increase over fiscal 1998. Net income for the year was $39.7
  
 million. Excluding plant closings and other costs, net income rose slightly to $44.0 million, an increase of 1.6%.
As Rock-Tenn entered 1999, an important goal for the year was to replace a couple of large accounts that we lost in fiscal 1998. The folding carton team has secured new business in excess of $100 million, more than enough to replace the business lost in 1998. Many of these accounts began running in our plants during 1999, but we expect to enjoy more of the impact in fiscal year 2000. These accounts will impact not only the folding carton business but also the paperboard business.
Currey to Retire; Rubright Elected Vice Chairman and CEO
At its meeting in September, the board elected Jim Rubright vice chairman and chief executive officer. Brad Currey announced his plan to retire as chairman in January 2000 but will continue as a director. Before being named CEO of Rock-Tenn, Jim Rubright was executive vice president of Sonat, Inc., a diversified energy company in Birmingham, Alabama. Jim was responsible for the company’s interstate natural gas pipeline group and energy services businesses. Before join-ing Sonat in 1994, he was a partner in the Atlanta office of the law firm of King & Spalding. We are fortunate to have a new CEO with Jim’s proven abilities and experience to lead us into the next century.
We have faced up to our most difficult operating problems. In 1999, several plants that were losing money in previous years have turned profitable. We closed three plants in two of our divisions where capacity was greater than demand, in order to consolidate operations in lower cost, more produc-tive and better-located facilities.
We achieved our best ever safety performance. Injuries were reduced by almost one-third, a good start on our way to a long-term goal of eliminating serious injuries in our plants. The current rate of personal injuries puts us among the best in American industry and among the top companies in the paper and packaging industry. Safety performance is an excellent indicator of manufacturing effectiveness and long-term operating performance.
We have every reason to be proud of where we are today and how we are positioned. Still, in order to be a player in the global economy of the future, we are looking at every aspect of our business, even as we are healthy. We are finding new products and markets that can grow sales. There are tremendous opportunities for Rock-Tenn to grow and change as the world changes around us. At the same time, we are holding on to the bedrock values so important to all of us: the safety and security of every member of the Rock-Tenn team, an entrepreneurial sense of responsibility and accountability, the willingness to set high goals and standards and then the determination to do whatever it takes to achieve them.
In September, I announced my plan to retire in January 2000. Our board of directors elected Jim Rubright as vice chairman of the board and chief executive officer. Jim is a great new leader for this team and brings new knowledge and experi-ence to Rock-Tenn to help us meet the challenges ahead. He now heads the finest collection of young, able, experienced talent in this industry, second to none.
Thank you to the people who make up the Rock-Tenn team. We started the year with great plants, great technology, and most of all, great people. Today the team is stronger still. Their experience, creativity and commitment to our customers assure this Company of a great future.
Bradley Currey, Jr.
Chairman
December 14, 1999
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
FROM THE VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND THE PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
  
 We enter this year committed to creating value for Rock-Tenn Company’s shareholders. Brad Currey’s leadership and vision will be missed. His legacy is a company full of opportunity and a team full of people charged up and ready to make 2000 a great year.
We believe that the capital invested and the customers gained in the last two years enhance our competitiveness and position our Company to capitalize on our improving markets – and deliver very good results to our shareholders.
"Our earnings are improving. Our paperboard mills operated at 93% of full capacity."
Improving Earnings, Accelerating Sales
Our performance in the last half of the year shows our earnings are improving and our sales are accel-erating. We earned 3.9% more in the final quarter of 1999 than in the same quarter of 1998, and our sales were up 8.7%. Our paperboard mills produced a record 287,000 tons during the fourth quarter and operated at 93% of full capacity. Our packaging and other converting operations were very busy across the board.
This year we will focus on executing our plans to drive down our costs, improve product quality and customer service, raise operating efficiency and continue the sales growth that began in the second half of 1999. A key goal is to turn around operating results at the remaining plants that lost money last year.
Two divisions, Corrugated Packaging and Display and Plastic Packaging, led the team in sales growth. We will do everything necessary to support these growing businesses in 2000. Their high-value products and services are meeting new and growing needs among our customers.
We believe our shareholders should expect us to deliver consistent, double-digit earnings growth. Our job is to ensure that our people and assets deliver in fiscal 2000 while we lay the groundwork to continue delivering reliable earnings growth in future years. To do this, we are driving down our costs and working to be the best in our businesses at customer service, product quality and operating efficiency. We are concentrating on our sales of high value-added products and services in order to capture opportunities in growing and profitable markets as well as to reduce our exposure to cyclicality in our businesses.
"We believe our shareholders should expect us to deliver consistent, double-digit earnings growth."
In the next year we expect to secure long-term commitments for critical business that will strengthen the positions of our mills and plants. We have exe-cuted financial hedges on about half of our corrugated medium output, taking advantage of the opportunity to ensure that we realize good margins on our output. We will pursue other opportunities to reduce the volatility of our most price and cost sensitive operations.
"We are concentrating on increasing our sales of high value-added products and services in order to capture opportunities in growing and profitable markets."
Rewarding Initiative
We are starting to see great returns on what we call "Totally New Thinking" as we recognize and reward employees for new innovations that drive value. Our program to recognize and reward sales that cross divisional lines and that create new opportunities for different business with existing customers continues to show growing results. We are giving clear signs to our people that we encourage their initiative and empower them to drive change in our business.
We have great people on the Rock-Tenn team. Leaders have emerged at all levels of our business in the last three years of difficult operating
conditions for the Company. Our assets are well positioned. Our commitment is to ensure that together we produce the results that our shareholders expect. We enter this year excited about our opportunities and as focused as can be on making them realities. Thank you for your interest in Rock-Tenn and your support as shareholders. We are committed to your success.
James A Rubright Jay Shuster
"We are giving clear signs to our people that we encourage their initiative and empower them to drive change in our business."
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
