xDear Shareholders:
At the outset of 2007 our Company looked well positioned to have a very good year in an environment of much improved supply-demand balance for coated recycled paperboard. In the event, our Company had an extremely good year as our employees executed our business principles very well, taking advantage of favorable paperboard and converting
markets and very strong demand for
promotional displays.
Our record earnings of $81.7 million were $2.07 per share, up 169% over 2006; credit agreement EBITDA was $286 million, up
39% over 2006; and cash from operations
net of capital expenditures was $160.3 million. These financial returns drove a 46%
increase in our stock price, which, with dividends, resulted in a 48% total return to our
shareholders in fiscal 2007.
Let’s look at the business performance that underlies these results. Our paperboard mills
ran very well all year, taking advantage of strong demand for bleached and coated recycled paperboard. We set numerous production
records during the year at several
of our mills, achieving record production overall.
Based on these production levels and
recent investments in our Battle Creek Mill
in September 2007, we increased the stated
capacity of our mill system at year end by
62,500 tons to 1,605,000 tons overall.
As our mill operating employees focused
on production, our sales organization worked
effectively to increase prices and improve our grade mix, as well as the geography of our customer base. All of these moves
contributed to the increase in our net margins.
These efforts and continued strong
demand for paperboard increased realized
paperboard prices across all grades $41 per
ton over 2006, and produced record segment
operating income of $114 million.
Operating in an environment of tight
capacity
and increasing prices, our mills still
managed to increase customer satisfaction,
as our employees continued to focus relentlessly
on setting Rock-Tenn apart from its
competitors, not only as the most profitable
of our competitors, but by creating further
brand value for our paperboard through
superb product quality and customer service.
Our paperboard operations include recycled

fiber acquisition, trading and brokerage operations that also turned in excellent results. In
2007, we sold an aggregate of 950,000 tons
of recycled paper. While we have chosen to
keep this business focused on fiber supply to our mills and leveraging our physical positions, this intense focus has created a profitable niche operation with an attractive ROIC.
Our packaging sector employees managed
an exceptional achievement in 2007. With demand relatively weak for folding cartons
and volumes of cartons shipped down 4.9%
for the year, Rock-Tenn’s packaging segment operating income was up 9.6% over 2006 to $49.3 million and return on sales increased
to 3.9%. Our employees made great strides
to improve our operating efficiency performance in 2007. Our 25 folding carton plants
increased the overall operating rates of our
principal operating assets 15% over 2006
by focusing on continuous improvement of
our operations and standardizing and optimizing
our operating procedures to the “one best way” operating model that we discussed in last year’s letter. Our strategy
is to seek and retain business that fits our plants and our operating model and that we can run profitably, leaving to others marginal
business that is priced at below
compensatory levels. This strategy has been essential to our success in passing through
to our customers recent repeated paperboard price increases.
Our merchandising displays segment had a breakout year in sales and earnings. Sales
of $305.8 million were up 31.1% and segment operating income of $38.7 million was
up 136% over 2006. Our employees capitalized on strong order patterns, strengthening demand for in-store promotions, sales to
new customers, and new and innovative products to achieve record sales, further strengthening Rock-Tenn Alliance Display’s identity as the market leader in promotional displays. Our customers look to us for great merchandising ideas, innovative displays
and faultless display program execution –
and our employees delivered in 2007.
We see many opportunities for continued growth in displays in 2008 and the Alliance team is focused on the many tasks that will enable them to raise their performance in
2008 to a level that further sets Alliance
apart from its competitors and delivers

value to our shareholders.
Our corrugated sector had an excellent year, increasing sales by 16.7% and operating income by 11 0%. Our sales gains were driven by further customer gains at our corrugators and by continuing to focus on value added sales and innovative products in our sheet plants. The Athens, Alabama corrugator that we acquired in 2004 continued to meet our expectations for profit growth and is now providing us with an attractive return. We
see this sector as a great area for growth and are actively seeking opportunities to exploit.
We continued to deliver on our commitment to make the Gulf States transaction a model for a well conceived and well executed acquisition. In 2007, we continued to drive out synergies above the $23 million target we committed to in March 2005. As accretive as the acquisition was in 2006, it was
more so in 2007, probably in the range of
$.38 per share more than the $.53 per share
we estimated in last year’s annual report.
I have written to you about the difficulty of
precisely measuring and tracking acquisition accretion and synergies after the fact, but
we estimated them at $.91 per share in
accretion and $35 million in synergies. Performance like this ought to show up in cash
flow, and it did, as we exceeded our June
2005 to September 30, 2007 debt reduction commitment, net of acquisitions and stock repurchases, by $93 million.
Clearly our business environment improved
in 2007 and certainly supply-demand balance
for paperboard and demand for
promotional displays and corrugated packaging
all improved. This raises the question
of how much of our 2007 improvement
resulted from the tailwind, and the fortunate positioning of our businesses, and how
much resulted from factors within our control.
First of all, not every wind blew in our
favor. We can begin with the fact that shipments
of folding cartons declined in 2007,
which industry data implies were down approximately 1%. In addition, recycled fiber
costs and many other direct mill input costs increased sharply in 2007; recycled fiber
costs alone increased $27 to $11 5 per ton.
In addition, in 2007, as in each year, we
needed to increase our productivity enough
to offset higher salaries and wages and health insurance costs for our 9,300 employees.

And – although our mills charged higher paperboard prices to our outside customers
– our packaging and corrugated businesses
had to recover the higher board prices they
paid our mills and their outside suppliers.
Thus, we track closely our spreads of price
over direct costs and our progress in
increasing our productivity and reducing our
costs to combat rising input costs. In fiscal
2007, we believe that slightly more than half
of our $82.4 million increase in operating
income before interest and taxes came
from the net of higher prices over the net
increase in direct input costs, excluding
labor. The net increase in EBIT from actions
we took to increase productivity, reduce
waste and improve our businesses and processes (and sell more products) over our
labor and indirect cost increases was approximately $35 million in fiscal 2007.
That net improvement is the result of tremendous efforts by our employees in
hundreds of projects around the Company, including Six Sigma process improvement projects, operational excellence-based
advances, administrative process improvements that reduce costs, manufacturing
productivity increases, energy usage reduction projects, driving folding carton synergies
from acquisition-related plant consolidations
– all things that we take as a way of life at Rock-Tenn, but without which we could not produce the returns we have. It is amazing
to me to watch the process unfold, each day uncovering new ways to reduce our costs, increase our productivity and grow our top
line. It is also an exciting challenge to start
the meter all over again at the beginning of
each new year, and I am confident that our
teams are at it again and will produce results again in 2008. We will also continue to add significant value through innovation, incredible customer service and consistent
product quality.
Which brings me to the outlook for fiscal 2008. Demand for paperboard, particularly relative to supply, appears very good as it did at the outset of 2007. We should see continued price increase recovery in our paperboard sector into our second fiscal quarter. Folding carton demand appears to have picked up at the outset of the first quarter. Folding carton margins in 2008

should improve over 2007 from further
pass through of prior paperboard price increases and absent further board price increases in 2008, from lower LIFO earnings charges. Our display business continued
to see strong demand through the end
of 2007, and the pricing environment for corrugated packaging continues to favor producers. Interest costs should be lower as well, with lower debt levels and an improving interest rate environment. All these factors, and the opportunities we see for further business improvements, provide the basis for our optimistic outlook for 2008. In October 2007, our long-time director, Jimmy Johnson, retired from our Board of Directors for health reasons. Jimmy has been an invaluable member of our Board since 1984. On behalf of all the employees of Rock-Tenn who have benefited from his guidance and friendship and been infected by his unbridled affection for Rock-Tenn,
I express our deep regret for his retirement, and great appreciation for his remarkable contributions to Rock-Tenn.
With best regards,
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
