                                 Dear Fellow ShareholDerS,
worldwide, many people have unmet financial service needs. at western Union, it’s our goal to meet those needs—through providing new, innovative solutions.
          At Western Union, our customers are at the center of everything we do.
Our customers are people like Aurelia, who works a demanding job caring for elderly people in Italy so she can send money to her mother back home in Romania. They are people like George, who uses wu.com to send money every payday from the U.S. to multiple family members in the Philippines. They are people like Gary, a businessman in California who uses Western Union Business Solutions to pay invoices in Hungarian forints and euros.
While these stories are representative of the many people who use our services—millions of consumer money transfer senders and more than 100,000 busi- ness customers in 2013—our definition of a customer is much broader.
Our customers are travelers who lack options for accessing their money overseas. They are non- governmental organizations that have difficulty getting funds to the people and places that need it most. They are people who prefer using cash to pay their bills.
Worldwide, many people have unmet financial service needs. At Western Union, it’s our goal to meet those needs—through providing new, innovative solutions.
No matter who our customer is, each has a voice. Our customers are telling us what they want, what they need.
We’re listening, and we’re taking action.
Our vision
Western Union has a strong foundation to deliver cross- border, cross-currency money transfer services to customers and businesses around the globe.
We have an extensive network, including more than 500,000 agent locations in more than 200 countries and territories. We have a strong global brand, tailored solu- tions for businesses, and compliance and regulatory capabilities that allow us to operate in a complex environment.
We have a growing digital business, and believe we are well-positioned to connect the digital and physical worlds for our customers.
Our vision is to be a recognized leader in providing innovative solutions, high service levels, and omni- channel integration for cross-border, cross-currency money transfer.
Last year, we continued to invest to improve our busi- ness for the future.
We focused our strategies on strengthening our con- sumer money transfer business, increasing customers and usage in business-to-business, and generating and deploying strong cash flow for our shareholders.
Strengthening our consumer-to-consumer business
In 2013, our 10,000 employees and the more than 1 mil- lion front-line associates at our agent locations contin- ued a relentless pursuit of understanding our customers’ needs, implementing a wide variety of changes in response.
Beginning in late 2012 and continuing in the first half of last year, we implemented a series of price reductions in key corridors to regain momentum with our customers. These actions delivered the transaction growth we expected, with significant improvement in the second half of 2013.
    
 We also continued to expand our options for sending or receiving money, with more transactional websites, mobile money transfer services, and capabilities to move money directly to or from a bank account in cer- tain countries.
At the end of 2013, we offered our services at more than 100,000 ATMs across the world. We now have 19 active mobile money transfer connections in 17 coun- tries, wu.com transactional sites in more than 20 coun- tries, and customers can use our mobile app in the U.S. and Australia to send money around the globe. In addi- tion, we have agreements with more than 75 banks to offer our account-based money transfer service.
We continued to add strategic new agent relationships last year, including Banorte in Mexico, Alexandria Bank in Egypt, Riyad Bank in Saudi Arabia, and Walgreens in the U.S. We also renewed and expanded our agree- ment with La Banque Postale in Europe, one of our largest agents.
Consumer-to-consumer transactions increased 5% for the year, with 9% growth in the fourth quarter. Revenue declined 3%, as expected, primarily due to the pricing actions we began in late 2012. Electronic channels deliv- ered strong growth, with revenue increasing 25% for the year, representing 5% of our overall revenue in 2013.
Increasing customers and usage in business-to-business
We’re also listening to small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which have different—but equally important— needs than consumers.
Last year, we introduced a variety of new products and services, including a new cash management dashboard tool for SMEs, new services for non-governmental organizations and options and forwards products in addi- tional markets.
We significantly expanded our services in India and Japan, and we increased offerings for cross-border tuition payments in several countries, including China, India and South Korea.
These services contributed to a 7% revenue increase in our Business Solutions segment last year, and allowed us to meet some of the real and growing needs of our customers to better manage their cash flows and foreign-currency exposures.
Business Solutions now offers cross-border payments in 32 countries and represented 7% of our overall reve- nue in 2013.
Generating and deploying strong cash flow for shareholders
One of the great qualities of our business model is our ability to generate strong cash flow. Although 2013 was an investment year, with pricing, compliance and other strategic investments, the company once again generated more than $1 billion of cash flow from oper- ating activities.
In 2013, Western Union returned $671 million to share- holders through share repurchases and dividends.
Our commitment to customers and society
We are listening to our customers in other ways, too. We continue to implement compliance and fraud- prevention enhancements around the world to pro- tect our customers and their hard-earned money. We believe this commitment will make us stronger over the long term.
We also are committed to giving back to the communi- ties where our services are offered. In 2013, the Western Union Foundation gave approximately $8 million to causes supporting education and disaster-relief efforts around the world.
The future
We remain focused on executing our strategic priorities to return our business to stronger revenue and profit growth.
We will continue to be proactive—anticipating, adapting to and addressing the ever-changing needs of our cus- tomers, always striving to stay one step ahead.
In 2014, this means continuing to strengthen our con- sumer money transfer business, with an emphasis on digital expansion, to drive strong growth in Business Solutions, and to generate and deploy strong cash flow for our shareholders.
We have a clear vision and a solid foundation for growth. We have millions of loyal customers. And, we have passionate, hard-working colleagues around the globe. We are focused on executing our vision and creating long-term value for our shareholders.
Thank you for your commitment to Western Union and, most importantly, to our customers!
HIKMET ERSEK
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
April 2, 2014
