can one word define a company?
 1
westernunion.com
money transfer 2008 Annual Report
                    
 WESTERN UNION
2008 Annual Report
can the money i send
reach her in minutes?
2

Dear
Fellow Shareholders,
I am proud to report that in 2008 Western Union grew market share and delivered record levels of revenue and cash flow. Revenue was $5.3 billion; we generated $1.25 billion in cash flow from operations and handled $67 billion in cross-border consumer-to-consumer (C2C) remittances. We also delivered an operating income margin of 26% for the year. In 2008, our share of the global cross-border
(1)
remittance market increased to 17%. Clearly, we made
good progress in our core business and there is a long runway of opportunity ahead.

WESTERN UNION
2008 Annual Report
While neither our company nor our customers are immune to the global economic recession, we have confidence in our strategy and the value proposition we offer the marketplace over the long term. Our plan is to focus on what we can control and influence. We have a brand that is recognized around the world. We have a business that generates significant cash flow. We have created a business model that consistently delivers strong margins. We have built a distribution channel that is second to none and our global team is focused on a short list of priorities to drive growth.
We provide vital services to consumers in more than 200 countries and territories. Our services not only make a tremendous difference in the individual lives of our customers, but the sheer volume of remittances sent through Western Union helps drive many national economies.
paving the way for long-term growth
We also have the advantage of a globally recognized brand and unmatched worldwide distribution. We handle money transfers in more than 15,000 send and receive corridors with no single country outside the U.S. contributing more than 7% of our revenue. Our systems allow us to monitor these
Number of Agent
Locations corridors and remittance flows daily. This management tool provides us the ability to observe
       02 03 04 05 06 07 08
patterns and enables us to identify and address opportunities quickly and responsively. All of which, we believe, places us in a solid position to manage our business through this turbulent environment.
Our brand is a key differentiator and an area of focus for us and we plan to continue investing in our brand even in these tough times. Our brand represents speed, trust and reliability to our consumers worldwide. We have launched a comprehensive new global brand initiative that embodies an ambitious and forward-looking vision for the company—our recently launched yes! campaign. yes! is a champion of optimism for our customers, our company, our agents and our employees and embodies our commitment to help people who are on the move, pursuing their dreams. At a time when there is so much pessimism in the world, we believe the Western Union message will serve as a source of positive energy in the marketplace, which should ultimately translate into mind share and market share for the company.
Also on the brand front, we will continue to invest in our customer loyalty programs. We have extensive customer relationship programs including our Gold Card program which now covers 11 million customers, an increase of 16% over 2007. We will increase our technology spend this year to further develop tools that allow us to perform deeper analytics on our customers. Our loyalty programs and customer analytics improve retention, increase transaction frequency and assist in acquiring new customers.
During the year, we continued to expand our global network, which now exceeds 375,000 agent locations. This distribution channel coupled with westernunion.com service provides consumers with the convenience to move their money quickly, conveniently and reliably. Agent location expansion is essential to driving revenue growth. In India we have grown the network by 31⁄2 times since 2003 to more than 50,000 agent locations driving revenue growth of more than 6 times. Our goal is to continue to penetrate the market and attract new consumers.
We celebrated a milestone when we officially re-entered South Africa with our agent ABSA. 2 South Africa has evolved into an important receive and send market serving as a hub for a larger
151,000 182,000
219,000 270,000
300,000 335,000
375,000

Western Union Estimated Share
of Cross-Border Remittance Market
(1)
Pan African money transfer opportunity, and I am very excited about the potential in South Africa. We also had several competitive takeaways during the year, including Bank Pekao with 900 locations in Poland, The Vietnam Post which has nearly 3,000 locations, and Bank Danamon a leading Indonesian Bank. The decisions by these new agents to work with Western Union are a clear demonstration of the value and service proposition we offer. Importantly, we also re-signed
a notable number of existing agents including the Banco do Brazil, the State Bank of India, Ahold, two of our largest U.S. check cashers PLS Check Cashers and Multi-State Financial Services, and A&P, among others.
We understand the importance of continuing to deliver strong operating margins. We took significant steps in 2008 to ensure that we have a cost structure that will allow for operating leverage as revenue reaccelerates. We completed a global organizational realignment of our C2C business that streamlines our operations into two regional structures down from three. By streamlining our management structure, consolidating sales forces and reducing operating costs, we are closer to the market and able to operate in a more profitable and more nimble manner.
Additionally, we improved our cost structure by relocating, outsourcing and/or consol- idating certain operations. The expansion of our Global Service Centers in Costa Rica and the Philippines has helped create efficiencies in the business by consolidating the back office services.
These important steps, together with our focus on lowering the cost of distribution, are designed to make our model even more scalable.
marketplace dynamics: resilience of remittances
Global migration patterns and remittance flows are drivers of our long-term growth. According to the Migration and Development Brief published by the World Bank in November 2008, remittances have historically been resilient to downturns, as they are sent by the cumulated flows of migrants from previous years, not only by new migrants. Though remittance flows are projected to decline in 2009, the World Bank expects remittances to developing countries to grow up to 6% in 2010.
These dynamics are important to our consumer-to-consumer business. There are an
estimated 200 million cross-border migrants and we estimate that there are even more people who
(2)
havemigratedwithinacountry. Webelievethismobileworkforcewillcontinueseekingemployment
opportunities throughout the world. This population will not only need to transfer cash home, but they will ultimately need other services. Western Union is very well positioned to service the existing and expanding needs of our consumers.
Our mobile money transfer initiative, an emerging and longer-term market opportunity that enables customers to send cross-border remittances directly from their mobile phones or to other mobile phones, continues to make progress. Western Union most recently formed an alliance with Vodafone, the world’s leading international mobile communications group. This partnership adds to the relationships we already have with Orascom Telecom, Globe Telecom, Smart Communications and the GSM Association. We believe we are well positioned to succeed over the next three to five years as consumer acceptance of mobile money transfers emerges and the technology standardizes.
   06 07 08
3
14.0% 15.5%
16.7%

WESTERN UNION
2008 Annual Report
sharpened focus
Across the business, we are sharpening our focus and directing investments to meet market share opportunities. Our ability to gain an estimated 120 basis points of market share in the cross-border remittance market in 2008(1) was a demonstration of our global team of approximately 5,900 employees executing on our four key strategies—strategies that will continue to drive our business forward:
Accelerate profitable growth in the global cash money transfer business
Expand and globalize the consumer-to-business payments business
Innovate new products and services for our target customers
Improve profitability by leveraging scale, reducing costs and effectively using capital
the strong get stronger
We also see an exciting opportunity emerging for our business with the upcoming implementation of the Payment Services Directive (PSD) in the European Union in late 2009. This regulatory change will make it possible for us to operate in 27 countries under a single license and will allow us to expand money transfer services to other classes of trade in certain countries.
Another meaningful contributor to our future growth is the broader Asia Pacific region, which encompasses not only China and the Philippines but countries where we have been expanding our presence, including Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Indonesia—the world’s fourth most populous country. The opportunity here is tremendous. Today our Asia Pacific region makes up only 7% of Western Union revenue, yet according to the World Bank 2008 Migration and Remittances fact book this market currently represents 19% of the world’s cross- border remittance market.
In The Americas region we are implementing a new “go-to-market” strategy. Specifically, we have combined our U.S. and Latin American organizations, including the Western Union®, VigoSM and Orlandi Valuta® sales forces. We reported progress with our ScotiaBank “account-to- cash” program in Canada and expect further advances in the banking category during 2009.
Within the C2B segment, Pago Fácil continued to perform well in Argentina with 2008 revenue growth above 30%. However, nearly 90% of our C2B revenue is generated in the U.S., and the ongoing impact of the recession on the American consumer, is pressuring the segment. This makes our focus on international expansion and product diversification, including acquisitions, all the more important. In an effort to diversify, we have introduced our own bill payment service in Peru and Panama and are also working on obtaining a license to offer this service in Brazil.
We also will be evaluating strategic acquisitions complementary to our core business and are optimistic about the evolving landscape. We believe we can participate in consolidation with the goal of strengthening money transfer, diversifying further into payments, and adding value through technology.
Total Western Union Revenue
2
2002
1%
2008
EmEasa amEricas c2B
apac Other
° ° ° °
 27%
46%
5%
% 20%
 44%
34%
14%
7%
     4

(1) competing in money Transfers: a market Overview, aite, march 2007.
(2) World migration 2008: managing Labour mobility in the Evolving Global Economy, international Organization for migration and company estimates based on available data.
During 2009, we will increase our investment in technology and systems. We have a roadmap designed to evolve our systems so we can move traditional and new services from virtually anywhere in the world, in not only a compliant manner, but with exceptional speed.
outlook: poised for growth
We are entering a year where the strong will get stronger. Western Union has a proven business model with significant financial strength. We expect to generate cash flow from operations in excess of $1.1 billion in 2009, we enjoy an “A-” credit rating, and we had $1.3 billion of cash on our balance sheet at year end. We are a leader in a large and growing market, we have an unmatched and growing distribution network, we enjoy a brand recognized the world over, and we have the financial resources and liquidity to invest during these challenging times.
We view this year as a time to make smart choices by deploying our capital for continued share gains in the money transfer market and other global opportunities.
Christina Gold
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
The Western Union Company
   5
