Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The familiar yellow and black signs of Western Union have become the international icon for quick, reliable and convenient money transfer. Western Union is one of the easiest ways for families and friends to send money and stay connected anywhere in the world.
This is precisely why I’m so proud to work for this company. In fact, any one of us can tell you that there is no other feeling that can compare with knowing the difference we make in the lives of so many people. Again, it all comes down to the relationships we’ve established over many years. We take pride in being close to our consumers. We speak their languages. We live in their neighborhoods. And we share their cultures. We are a significant part of each other’s lives.
As a result, I believe our agents and employees are more like ambassadors. They are ambassadors of trust. Ambassadors of responsibility. And ambassadors of hope. They are the living, breathing manifestation of who we are as a company and everything we stand for: Integrity. Partnership. Opportunity. Passion. Teamwork.
a defining year for employees, ConsUmers and shareholders alike
2006 saw the tireless efforts of an entire organization pre- paring for life as an independent public company. And on October 2, The Western Union Company began trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol WU. In reaching this day we crossed several significant milestones including: raising $3.5 billion in debt financing, completing a move to global headquarters in Denver, Colorado, recruiting a Board of Directors and establishing a world-class infrastructure.
We also delivered the financial expectations we set, with overall revenues growing 12% to $4.5 billion, operat- ing income of $1.3 billion and operating cash flow of $1.1 billion. Furthermore, 2006 was a year of operating high- lights. We increased our global footprint to nearly 300,000 agent locations in over 200 countries and territories, when just five years ago the agent network was merely 120,000 agent locations, with more than one-third of those being in the United States. We grew our Gold Card program to 8 million active cards, up from just 1.5 million in 2003. And on December 15, 2006 —our busiest day ever —we successfully handled over 2 million transactions.
We divide our business into two segments: consumer- to-consumer (C2C) and consumer-to-business (C2B). We handled nearly 150 million C2C transactions in 2006, accounting for more than 80% of our overall revenue and generating more than $3.7 billion in revenue. C2B com- prises nearly 15% of our revenue at $636 million. In this
segment we processed nearly 250 million transactions. This financial and operational performance is a result of our execution on our long-standing strategic
objectives:
1. Build our brands and enhance our
consumers’ experience
2. Develop consumer convenience and choice 3. Explore new service offerings
4. Expand and diversify global distribution
We are incredibly fortunate to have begun our life as an independent public company with strong financial performance and a leading position in a thriving global business. Yet I think there are still parts of the world that are really underserved. So we’ve set ambitious targets for the immediate future, like increasing our presence and market position in rapidly growing markets like Asia, the Middle East and India, and expanding our C2B segment outside of the U.S. With the strength of the management team and the 5,900 Western Union employees behind me, I am confident our investments will continue to increase shareholder value and put an even greater focus on our consumers, our business strate- gies and our growth initiatives.
loyalty that transCends age, raCe, gender and nationality
Western Union is constantly building its brand and enhancing our consumers’ experience. Consequently, many of those who use our services do so frequently, as they understand that Western Union is the catalyst that helps improve the quality of life for millions of families worldwide. So at a time when people are pursuing opportunities around the world, we welcome the chance to be the faithful connection that keeps them close to their own homes. Could there be a greater or more rewarding responsibility?
Our consumers come to us for a variety of services because they know we are committed to meeting their needs. In the end, we know it’s about so much more than money. It’s about what that money does for people. It’s about bringing a truly global knowledge and scale to local communities everywhere. It’s about taking responsibility.
This loyalty I speak of exists for four reasons. The first is our global network of 300,000 agent locations.
1 Western Union 2006 Annual Report

Second is our brand, which is synonymous with trust and dependability. The third is our technology —an established system that handles on average more than 1 million trans- actions daily, and moves money from one place to another within minutes. And fourth is the experience and advice provided by our agents and employees.
leading oUr ConsUmers to better lives
Never before has the number of people living outside their home countries been higher than it is today. According to a study done by the United Nations, right now there are more than 191 million people living outside their country of origin, and that number is expected to continue to grow. Additionally, The Aite Group estimated that the total amount of cross-border remittances was $269 billion in 2006, of which Western Union has a 17.4% share. This, without question, presents a tremendous opportunity for growth —especially as we already have the network and capacity in place to serve our customers.
There is no limit to our ability to develop consumer convenience and choice. And we are making significant investments in our business to match new market oppor- tunities and consumer needs, including the Western Union® Gold Cards —for both sender and receiver, our consumer database and direct-to-bank transfers.
Our C2B initiatives are another strong growth opportunity for Western Union. This business allows consumers to send bill payments from a participating Western Union agent location or initiate electronic pay- ments to billers using a variety of service channels. Our established relationships bring scale to our business and are helping to increase system efficiency and build diversification into our revenue stream. Our C2B business enables us to grow our relationships with both companies and customers who may not have experience with our C2C service.
Currently, our C2B business is based primarily in the United States. However, efforts are under way to expand this business internationally. This began in late 2006 with the acquisition of Servicio Electrónico de Pago S.A. (SEPSA) and their Pago FácilSM branded services — a walk- in bill payment company in Argentina.
I have no doubt that we will strive to continue to be the market leader in the cross-border remittance market as our range of services increases. We also remain dedicated to our regulatory compliance initiatives. Offering services in 200 countries and territories is extremely complex and we take great pride in our compliance program.
making the highly Complex look remarkably simple
Our vast worldwide network is incredibly efficient, and will continue to be as we explore even more service offerings. Consumers can put money down on the counter in one
town and, in minutes, it is available to a customer virtually anywhere in the world. We work with over 600 super- agents around the world that are seasoned, established business people in their countries —bringing an unmatched local knowledge and expertise to our business. We service over 15,000 corridors around the globe with deep understanding of the culture of each and every one.
oUr relevanCe has never been more apparent
My vision for Western Union is to become a leading global financial services provider. This will be achieved by providing the services our consumers need and by taking advantage of our strengths: Our hours. Our locations. Our capabilities and speed. We will continue to build upon our heritage and live our values as we adapt our business to the needs of the marketplace. Looking ahead, I find Western Union in a unique and desirable position —ready for change and equipped with the resources to do so. We have been, and will continue to be, an institution that is executing new strategies around the world to help millions of people live easier lives.
My management team and I believe Western Union is a great investment because we provide a meaningful service to millions of people around the world. We con- tinue to meet our consumers’ needs and we are extremely well positioned in a fast growing market to deliver on our commitment to our shareholders.
My management team and I would like to thank the consumers, agents, employees and shareholders who make the hopes of millions of people a reality. The promise that tomorrow holds for Western Union is incredibly encouraging. Just think: in only the last five years we have nearly tripled our number of agent locations. We’ve increased market share and begun life as a public company. Our cash flow has never been stronger. We are constantly expanding and diversifying our global distribution. And we’ve grown our agent relationships and introduced new service offerings. The investments we’re making on a daily basis are benefiting people throughout the world. They are the foundation from which we will continue to help our consumers realize their dreams.
Christina gold
President and CEO
The Western Union Company
 A Letter from the CEO 1
