 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
Building on its solid business founda- tion, strong cash flow, earnings per share, stable operating margin and delivery on outlook, 2015 at Western Union was a year defined by continued positive business momentum as we increased the number of ways to move funds into our global FinTech cross- border platform to existing and new consumer segments and businesses worldwide.
Our performance in 2015 reflects the evolution of our business model and our leadership in providing cross-border, cross-currency money movement.
Western Union is uniquely positioned to create a world where nearly every- one, everywhere has access to finan- cial services that promote financial inclusion and help businesses make cross-border payments:
• A business presence in 200 countries and territories
• More than 100,000 ATMs and kiosks
• Direct access to over 1 billion bank
accounts worldwide
• Capabilities to move money and settle in 130 currencies
The combination of our network of more than 500,000 agent locations and online services has helped us maintain our position as a leader in global payment services for more than 150 million consumers.
Providing both senders and receivers their choice of channel is a key element of our money movement strategy, whether it is a technology-focused channel or retail-focused channel. We want to increase access points for Western Union services so consumers, small and medium-sized enterprises and corporations have the choice of interacting and transacting with us based on their individual preferences. Our continued strength in this area reflects our agility and ability to trans- form and evolve with market trends
while listening to consumers and busi- ness clients to offer them ease and convenience.
Maintaining a Technological Edge
We continue to invest in technology capabilities. Our cross-border platform leverages the web, highly-rated mobile apps, digital pay-in and pay-out solu- tions, and global foreign exchange con- version capabilities, giving consumers access to mobile wallets and bank accounts in many parts of the world.
In 2015, we continued to advance our digital footprint by expanding
our account payout network (APN), launching 10 new WU.com online transaction sites, and introducing the WU mobile app to new countries and the WU® ConnectTM platform.
In addition, our regulatory, compliance and anti-money laundering infrastruc- ture uses cutting-edge data technolo- gies to facilitate efficient and timely money movement worldwide. Our proprietary technologies are designed to enable us to respond rapidly to regulatory changes and demands.
In our continued focus and investment in compliance, we have developed software tools that automate many
of our compliance requirements, com- plementing the human element that will always be part of our processes.
2015 Achievements
During the year, consumer money transfer revenue growth (in constant currency terms) was driven by our online business, while Business Solutions and the Consumer-to- Business segments also contributed strong constant currency revenue growth. We continued to expand our worldwide presence through relation- ships with key parties, as we:
• Expanded our APN, giving us the ability to efficiently send money directly to more than 1 billion
 1

                accounts worldwide directly—and giving consumers expanded choice when sending through Western Union. This network represents a natural evolution in our cross- border platform and supports our strategy to reach new digital-savvy, mobile-enabled consumers who prefer an account as their payment destination.
• Introduced WU® ConnectTM, an innovative technology platform that integrates with leading consumer messaging and social media platforms, giving users a unique way to quickly and conveniently transfer money worldwide.
Response to date has been very positive, including two new signed agreements with WeChat and Viber, giving us the potential to reach hundreds of millions of new customers.
• Integrated our Western Union Business Solutions GlobalPay Financial Institution product into ICICI Bank’s core banking system to help them increase client retention and wallet share.
• Offered Apple PayTM as a mobile payment solution at many Agent locations, providing consumers yet another way to fund global money transfers and bill payments.
• Signed an agreement between Western Union and Mexico’s Grupo Financiero Banorte’s UniTeller network that allows consumers in the U.S. to send cash directly into more than 60 million individual bank accounts in Mexico.
• Grew our global relationship with UAE Exchange, an inter- national money transfer retailer based in North Africa and the Middle East, securing retail presence in 16 major city centers in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany and Netherlands.
• Extended our agreement with our largest Agent in the Philippines, Universal Storefront Services Corporation.
• Announced an agreement that allows Skype customers to top up their accounts at nearly 50,000 Western Union® Agent locations across the United States.
• Solidified a new relationship with Sainsbury’s Bank, the U.K.’s first supermarket bank.
Continuing Delivering Funds to Stockholders
The company again generated strong cash flows in 2015, even while making future strategic investments in compli- ance and technology infrastructure. In 2015, we generated more than $1 billion of cash flow from operating activities.
Western Union also returned $817 million to stockholders through $317 million in dividends and $500 million in stock repurchases over the course of the year.
Using Our Platform to Benefit Society
Western Union is a purpose-driven company. Through our Social Ventures work, we create economic opportunities
and help people and communities grow. Our goal is to drive both business and social value by leveraging all of our assets. For example, our NGO GlobalPay service continues to help non-governmental organizations (NGOs) quickly deliver funds to the people and places that need them most—often follow- ing a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis.
We pledged a minimum of US$1M for swift and effective support for families and communities affected by the human- itarian crisis in Europe through a company-wide strategy engaging the Western Union Foundation, employees and business associates.
Western Union continues to participate in cause-marketing efforts that reflect our values. For example, Western Union and the Western Union Foundation announced the renewal of Education for Better, a company-wide commitment to support secondary and vocational education programs around the world. Since the campaign’s inception in 2012, we have:
• Developed four programs to help students, NGOs and edu- cational institutions move more than US$7 billion across borders for education purposes.
• Supported thousands of students and exceeded US$10 million in education grants.
• Engaged 80 percent of Western Union employees to con- tribute to the Foundation, reached tens of thousands of individuals with information on the education cause, and spoke out on behalf of educational opportunity.
The Western Union Foundation1
According to the Committee to Encourage Corporate Philan- thropy (CECP), the median percentage of employees who participate in workplace giving campaigns is 35 percent.
In 2015, Western Union achieved 80 percent employee giv- ing. Funds contributed from employees support the Western Union Foundation’s investment in communities, including its marquee program, Education for Better, funding traditional and vocational training for women and youth.
Since its inception, the Western Union Foundation has given more than $106 million to 2,794 NGOs in more than 135 countries and territories.
Looking Ahead
At Western Union, we believe true leaders have the power to change. This has been our path to continued transformation in our 165-year young history: to leverage our strong core business foundation, build relationships to extend our reach, and create business opportunities around the world. We are focused on growing our core business, including Consumer- to-Consumer, Business Solutions, and Online. We are also working to build new channels and serve new consumers, meeting their rapidly changing needs. While we invest in these opportunities, we’re also dedicated to generating strong cash flow and returning it to stockholders directly.
At the center of our business is our mastery of complex cross- border transactions, making things easier and simpler for consumers and businesses. Our presence in more than 200 countries and territories, combined with our unique cross- border platform and global team, diversifies our portfolio, providing powerful resiliency and access to new opportunities.
Above all, the Western Union brand is built on the trust of consumers and businesses who use our services. We believe our business is good for society. We never forget that every transaction has the potential to change lives for the better.
HIKMET ERSEK
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
(1) The Western Union Foundation, is a separate §501(c)(3) recognized United States charity. To learn more, visit www.westernunionfoundation.org.
 2
