  Dear Fellow Shareholders,
This has been a landmark year for Western Union. IÕm proud of what weÕve accomplished and the value weÕve added.
What I find even more exciting is the potential for growth in the future. The age of globalization Ñ one of unprecedented mobility and economic opportu- nity for people all around the world Ñ is still in
its infancy.
The World Bank estimates that there are currently
nearly 200 million people living outside their country of origin, many of them economic migrants. In 2007, the Aite Group estimated that $369 billion in remit- tances was sent to towns and villages across the world. And the amount of principal remitted around the globe continues to grow on average 8% annually.
Western Union is taking the lead in meeting the financial service needs of this migrant population. We are seizing this opportunity to strengthen the core of our business, to provide a strong customer experience, to expand our service offerings and to drive innovation for the future.
More global than ever before
Making the right moves is about identifying and act- ing on opportunities for growth. We work to supply our customers with the services they need exactly where they need them and focus our investments where the greatest opportunities exist. This means our business has a global reach with local depth.
Through investments in increasing brand aware- ness and expanding physical distribution around the world we have capitalized on the vast global opportunities. As a result, in 2007, international
consumer-to-consumer revenue was 65% of total Western Union revenue, up from 50% in 2002. We finished 2007 with more than 335,000 agent loca- tions in more than 200 countries and territories.
This expansive footprint ensures geographically diverse revenue streams. In fact, 51% of our total revenue in 2007 was generated from transactions originating outside the United States. We have made significant investments in the top four remit- tance receive markets Ñ India, China, Mexico and the Philippines Ñ which represent $95 billion in remittances. We more than tripled our number of agent locations in these countries since 2002. In India, revenue and transactions grew 44% and 75%, respectively, in 2007. In China those figures were 37% and 25%, respectively. In 2007, these two coun- tries represented just 5% of Western UnionÕs annual revenue. We are confident that there is tremendous opportunity for more growth in 2008 and beyond.
Consumer-to-consumer money transfer is the fastest growing of all our offered services, most especially the international consumer-to-consumer business. Our top priority for 2008 is to grow this business even more by continuing to invest in the brand, and by adding 25,000 more agent locations worldwide.
Christina A. Gold
PRESIDENT AND CEO
The Western Union Company

THE WESTERN UNION COMPANY 2007 Annual Report
   Number of Agent Locations
Number of Agent Locations by Region
    335,000 300,000
270,000
219,000
Europe, Middle East, Africa, and South Asia Asia Pacific
59,000 183,000 58,000
2007
U.S. Ú Canada
Latin America Ú Mexico and Caribbean
35,000
        182,000 151,000
          02 03 04 05 06 07
Building relationships for a consumer-
centric business
The push to go global is driven by customer demand. Ours is a business built on relationships with customers that we develop by enhancing their experience with our brand. To that end, we reward customer loyalty with a Gold Card program that, by the end of 2007, had 9.5 million active cards in 65 countries, up from over 8 million cards in 2006. The Gold Card is an important tool which improves cus- tomer retention and increases transaction frequency. In the United States, nearly half of all Western Union branded consumer-to-consumer transactions occur with a Gold Card. It speeds up the time at the point- of-sale, and helps us to know our customers better.
We continually strive to bring value to our customers. We have developed regionally focused marketing promotions and grassroots events like Africa Cash and Philippines Home for the Holidays. We have offered continuity of income insurance as a retention tool in Hong Kong, Malaysia and Austria. These initiatives have had the effect of creating one of the strongest customer/brand relationships in the industry, as evidenced by the high brand awareness that we continue to enjoy. In 2007, we were recog- nized as a top 100 brand in the United States, given Superbrand status in Nigeria and were singled out as the Choice Brand of the year in Ukraine through a nationwide customer survey. Our commitment to serving our customers better is translating into steady, sustainable growth for our business.
We take great measures to prevent fraud and money laundering. In 2007, we spent over
$40 million and currently have approximately 300 employees dedicated to these efforts alone. As a result we have earned a global reputation for having comprehensive knowledge of how to comply with the complicated regulations that govern internation- al money transfer Ñ a reputation that has earned the trust not just of customers, but of businesses and governments as well.
Driving innovation in technology and
service offerings
As time passes, migrant populations and their native communities will prosper and their financial needs will evolve. The existing relationship they have with our brand as a money transfer provider will ensure that they turn to us for additional services. To develop these services further we are investing in innovative technology and establishing strategic partnerships. The tremendous success of Pago F‡cil, our walk-in bill payment business in Argentina, has encouraged us to focus in 2008 on expanding
our consumer-to-business segment internationally through acquisitions and joint ventures.
Another area of focus for 2008 is to drive innova- tion by developing new services and technologies. We recently signed an agreement with Yodlee,
a leading provider of online banking and bill payment solutions to financial institutions. Google is now using our network to send business-to-business payments to partners in Malaysia, Romania and elsewhere, bringing new customers into the Western Union fold. We are also piloting a business-to- business payment product with U.S.-based small businesses. And there is ample opportunity for
more partnerships in the future, because businesses understand the value of Western UnionÕs global distribution network.
New opportunities are emerging for money transfer providers as wireless technology becomes readily available throughout the world. We are excited about having offerings that will address an adjacent market Ñ those customers with a need to conduct more frequent, lower principal transactions. We recently announced an agreement with the
GSM Association, the global trade association whose members include more than 700 mobile phone operators. Through this relationship we entered into agreements with Bharti Airtel, Globe Telecom and Smart Communications to pilot mobile money trans- fer in the booming Indian and Philippines markets.
   2

   Total Western Union Revenue
International Consumer- to-Consumer
Domestic (U.S. Ú Canada) Consumer-to-Consumer
20% 50%
20% 6%
4%
Consumer-to-Business
Other
2%
Cross-border Remittance Principal (in billions) Compounded Annual Growth Rate 13% (Aite Group)
     Mexico Consumer- to-Consumer
15%
65%
2007
11% 7%
$228
03 04 05
$369
06 07
                             2002
   Our exceptional experience with money transfer is also opening up the possibility of offering financial services that go beyond sending and receiving money. We have partnered with PrimeCredit Limited, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank PLC, and have plans to pilot a micro-lending product in 2008. This involves advancing small value, unsecured loans to customers, for which Western Union would neither assume credit risk nor underwrite.
This multichannel approach to money transfer, along with the development of new technology,
is responsible for our global reach and our presence in markets where few can gain a foothold. We are excited about the possibilities that lie ahead and will continue to do what is necessary to be the driving force for innovation in our industry.
Delivering strong financial performance
In the face of all this opportunity I want to emphasize that Western Union is committed to growing profit- ably. Our financial performance in 2007 proves
that we have the right strategy and the right priorities to continue to gain share within this huge and growing market.
In 2007, Western UnionÕs revenue grew 10% to $4.9 billion. Our operating income was $1.3 billion with a strong operating income margin of 27%. Our operating cash flow was a solid $1.1 billion. We have a strong balance sheet. Our financial strength allows us to invest for growth and provide strong returns to our shareholders.
Redefining corporate citizenship
In 2007 we created the Western Union Our World, Our Family program, which is our most potent global citizenship initiative. It is driven by a single purpose Ñ to empower individuals, families and communities through access to better education and economic opportunity. We understand that when communities prosper, everyone prospers, and we want to take a leading role in turning the dream of truly global prosperity into a reality. Mercy Corps, a global humanitarian organization, is our first
partner in the Our World, Our Family program and we look forward to many more innovative partner- ships in the future.
Looking toward a bright future
Last year I wrote that my vision for Western Union was for it to become a leading global financial services provider. We remain dedicated to this vision today. Our achievements in 2007 were positive
steps in this direction. As we look to the future, we have four key strategic priorities. The first priority
is to accelerate growth in the global cash money transfer business. Our second priority is to expand and globalize our consumer-to-business segment through joint ventures, acquisitions and by introduc- ing Pago F‡cil to other Latin American countries. Third is to expand beyond traditional distribution channels. We have a good start already with our existing westernunion.com business and our mobile money transfer service we plan to pilot shortly.
And our final priority is to develop new products and services for our target customers, such as the micro-lending product. Underlying all these priori- ties is a continuing commitment to profitability.
With the help of our agents, employees, management team and board of directors we will continue down this path toward growing our core business, introducing new services and emerging as a global leader in the industry. A special thanks to each and every one of you for your commitment to Western Union. We are on the move to make 2008 a great year.
Christina A. Gold
President and CEO
The Western Union Company
 3
