TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
WM.WRIGLEY JR.COMPANY AND THE
WORLDWIDE WRIGLEY TEAM
A year ago, I shared with you our new vision —
Wrigley brands woven into the fabric of everyday life around the world. In order to transform that vision into reality, a roadmap was needed, and over the course of this past year, we have developed one.
The key elements of that roadmap accompany this letter, including our mission statement, an expression of our shared values, and a detailing of some key strategic choices we have made. But words like those below, no matter how well crafted, do not mean anything to a business unless they are communicated to and embraced by the team charged with putting them into practice. During 2000, we took some dramatic steps to reach out to Wrigley team members around the world. In early September, we conducted a series of video broadcasts and local “town hall” meetings, reaching thousands of our
people in fourteen locations, spanning four continents and a multitude of time zones. These communications provided people with more details about our plans and provided many the opportunity to engage senior management in a meaningful, face-to-face dialogue about how best to reinforce and advance our vision and mission.
These discussions have moved beyond the theoretical to the practical, as our team members have come to more fully understand some of the key strategic choices we have made, including the Company’s commitment to:
- boost our core chewing gum business;
- expand our chewing gum business in attractive new geographies and new
distribution channels;
- focus on innovation in our products, processes, and systems;
- deliver highest quality products and solutions at lowest cost; and
- grow and develop our people.
These choices have implications for everything we do – from how we buy ingredients and make products to what products we make and sell. They point us toward increased communication, relationship building, and collaboration as a global team.
Many new ideas have been put forth and new initiatives implemented over the past year that have both strengthened the performance of our current business and laid the groundwork for growth opportunities in the future. Most encouraging of all has been the energy and the spirit of innovation that have been unleashed throughout our worldwide team. Around the globe, I have witnessed examples of Wrigley team members “thinking outside the box” – breaking through barriers and refusing to be limited by how things have been done in the past.
In 2000, we completed a “state of the art” production line in our Gainesville factory, giving us pellet gum making capacity in the U.S. for the first time in over 20 years. And that new capacity came in handy as we stepped up the pace of innovation with our second rollout of new products in the U.S. market in just over a year with the launch of Eclipse® Polar Ice® pellets as well as Extra® Polar Ice. Consumers have responded favorably to this new, unique flavor.
Supporting our vision is a more concrete mission statement:
Our mission is to achieve generational growth and prosperity for our stakeholders. We will continue to expand our core chewing gum business while establishing new business platforms that build on our company strengths. We will achieve our growth through internal development and strategic acquisitions.
To gain sustainable global competitive advantage, we will aggressively pursue excellence in execution, innovation, brand building, product quality, worldwide distribution and merchandising.
Our hallmarks will be branding that is pervasive and captures our consumers’ minds and hearts; products that provide added value; and strong customer relationships built on a foundation of mutual understanding and benefit.
Fundamental to our success is a high performance organization that believes in the power of our people who, 4 in turn, embrace our shared values.
Underpinning our vision and mission, from a philosophical perspective, are our shared values:
We treat each other with trust, dignity and respect.
We create an environment where people from diverse cultures and backgrounds work together effectively.
We support and have the courage to take measured risk.
We act with a sense of urgency without sacrificing excellence.
We foster a spirit of innovation in all areas of our business.
We strive for effective communication that results in teamwork, shared knowledge and ideas.
We make an extraordinary effort to attract, identify, recruit and retain the very best person for every job.
We pursue lifelong learning and personal development.
We encourage individual leadership, responsibility, and accountability.
We demand of ourselves high standards of ethical behavior.
We develop long-term relationships for mutual growth and profitability. 5
    
Our innovative ways extend beyond product formulation to the way we launch and market products. The original version of our Airwaves® “vapor release” chewing gum was rolled out to a handful of countries at a time. We took a more aggressive approach with the launch of Honey & Lemon Airwaves this past fall. It was the first pan-European brand launch in Company history, rolling out the new brand simultaneously across thirty-seven markets.
For Polar Ice, Honey & Lemon Airwaves, Alpine® and other new Wrigley offerings, innovation also permeated our advertising efforts. Wrigley marketing managers and the creative teams at the Company’s ad agencies crafted a new look and feel for a number of our commercial executions. Some of these advertisements are a little edgier in both concept and execution than previous Wrigley fare, but they never lose sight of their “reason for being” – to connect and communicate with consumers and motivate them to purchase Wrigley brands. The potent combination of new benefits, high quality products, improved trade communication and effective advertising has helped fuel the growth of these new product lines.
Airwaves and other innovative sugarfree products are beginning to make inroads in Asia as well. Strategic product launches in key markets have strengthened our position as market leader in a number of countries in that region, adding incremental value and bringing new consumers into the category.
One of the most striking innovations for our company was the recently announced establishment of the Wrigley Healthcare Division. The mission of Wrigley Healthcare is to develop and market products that use chewing gum as a fast-acting, good-tasting vehicle for the delivery of active ingredients that provide functional health benefits to consumers. The division’s first product was unveiled as well – Surpass® antacid chewing gum. In many ways, Wrigley Healthcare embodies our new corporate vision, mission, and values. It creates a new, internally developed platform for business growth showcasing the best of the old and the new, combining existing Wrigley expertise and brand equity with new technologies and a variety of outside resources. The new division builds upon our current core business, while creating innovative benefits and functionality that will help deepen our relationship with consumers and make our brands more a part of the “fabric of everyday life.”
The past year has seen your Company move toward increased and more effective use of technology. Our most ambitious technology project is known as WeB ESPRIT. It is a truly innovative undertaking, from the way the team was assembled from across the Wrigley organization to the unique and free-flowing workspace that has been created for them in Ismaning, Germany. This effort is designed to make our systems more compatible, responsive and efficient across all our markets and will impact most of our key business and operational processes, including sixteen production facilities and fifty sales offices around the world.
Making our corporate vision a reality will require the common systems, harmonized business processes, shared data, and higher value-added work that will be made possible by this initiative. WeB ESPRIT is not just about streamlining operations to make them more efficient – it is about restructuring processes and relationships to tap into creativity and growth.
In another move designed to facilitate information sharing and collaboration among our people, we have created an intranet portal known as WIN – the Wrigley Innovation Network. In place in the Americas since the fall, WIN is now having its reach extended across the entire Wrigley world as we near completion of our global wide-area network.
Of course, even with all these new initiatives and ventures underway, we have a core business to run, and it has been running quite well. In 2000, the Wrigley Company achieved record shipments, sales and earnings. These gains were across all four regions and came despite our significant investments in innovation and a very difficult environment in terms of the weakness of international currencies relative to the dollar. When results are consolidated, the negative translation effect masks the continuing strength and vitality of the Company’s overseas business. Additionally, value was returned to our stockholders through the repurchase of more than three million shares of Wrigley stock over the past eighteen months, using only internally generated cash.
Your Company has made significant progress over the past year, both in the marketplace and behind the scenes. As I have noted on a number of occasions this past year, the strength, depth and vitality of our worldwide team have never been greater. I am confident in the power of our people to capitalize on the array of opportunities before us, expand the global reach of Wrigley brands, and realize our vision.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
       67
