Wm.                 Jr. Company OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
WRIGLEY BUILDING • 410 N. MICHIGAN AVENUE • CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60611 • TELEPHONE: 644-2121
To the Stockholders and Employees of the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company
Over the past year, the Wrigley team worldwide combined hard work and imagination to navigate through economic volatility in many of our international markets. Through their efforts, your Company achieved new highs in both sales and earnings in 1998. Net earnings also received a boost from the first quarter sale of the land and building in Santa Cruz, California, where Company operations ceased toward the end of 1996.
Our international associated companies, once again, drove the improvement in our overall results. The lion’s share of our overseas markets recorded volume gains over the prior year. As was the case in 1997, the increased strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the majority of international currencies reduced consolidated sales and earnings gains for 1998. The dollar’s strength, however, did moderate later in the year; and for the fourth quarter, there was essentially no translation impact on the Company’s financial results.
Europe’s volume growth rate exceeded that of any other region in 1998. Especially strong performances were recorded by the established markets of Western Europe, with gains in almost every market from Austria to the United Kingdom.
The overall positive results across Europe reflect the combined power of increased marketing investments and new product innovations. Airwaves», the world’s first ‘‘vapor release’’ chewing gum, was a success during its first year in the United Kingdom, and subsequently has been rolled out in several other markets, the most significant of which is Germany. Supported by compelling advertising that effectively communicates a unique, new consumer benefit for chewing gum, Airwaves has added to your Company’s business growth. Also helping to raise per capita consumption levels in the region were selective form and flavor introductions, particularly in the sugarfree category.
Those same product innovations, along with increased brand support and improved merchandising and distribution, led to significant progress across the markets of Central and Eastern Europe, with the notable exception of Russia. The decline of our business in Russia, resulting from the ruble’s dramatic devaluation and subsequent economic difficulties, offset most of the solid volume increases recorded by our associates in markets such as Poland, Hungary and the Balkans. The net effect in 1998 was that Central and Eastern Europe as a whole experienced only a modest gain in shipments.
Our customers and consumers in Russia are slowly recovering from the economic turbulence. Throughout these trying times, we have stayed the course in Russia, keeping our organization intact and persisting with our advertising, merchandising and distribution efforts. Progress continues on our production facility in St. Petersburg; and consistent with our original schedule, the factory is expected to be up and running by the second quarter of 1999. Besides providing additional capacity, the plant will help shorten the supply chain in the vast Russian market, improving distribution efficiency and ensuring consumers can purchase the freshest possible Wrigley’s products.
In the Asia/Pacific region, volume was up, but not as sharply as in recent years. As anticipated in last year’s letter, growth in the region was dampened by the decline in value of various Asian currencies and subsequent instability in local economies. Selected price increases helped to minimize the negative financial impact of these devaluations, but contributed to significant volume declines in Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines. On the plus side, China and Hong Kong recorded large volume increases in 1998 due to strong sales of our long-established sugar brands, complemented in Hong Kong by the growth of our Extra@ sugarfree brand. Higher sales of Extra also contributed to solid gains in Australia.
For 1998, China was, by far, the biggest single contributor to your Company’s overall volume gain. Expansion of the Guangzhou factory has provided us with the capacity to extend distribution further into China; but penetrating the country’s interior is a formidable task, and much work remains to be done. In addition, the recent completion of our replacement factory in the Philippines will enable us to better service the markets of Southeast Asia as they begin to emerge from their economic turmoil.

In North America, 1998 results were mixed. Our U.S. business matched 1997’s volume, while Wrigley Canada’s shipments improved over the prior year.
Within the U.S. market, Extra and Winterfresh» turned in the best brand performances in 1998. Building on its momentum from the second half of 1997, Extra recorded strong volume gains as consumers continued to respond positively to its improved, longer-lasting flavor and new advertising. Winterfresh added to its impressive track record. In 1998, just four years after its introduction, Winterfresh passed Doublemint» to become the top-selling, single flavor brand of chewing gum in the U.S.
Although the volume gains of Extra and Winterfresh were offset by declines for our other U.S. brands, overall we continued to outperform the total U.S. chewing gum market. Your Company gained a full market share point in a tough retail environment that was complicated by a variety of new chewing gum product introductions from a wide range of competitors.
Increased brand support and the implementation of ‘‘Value Pricing’’ helped advance our business in Canada. Price-marked at 35 cents Canadian, our new 5-stick packages led to notable volume gains for Wrigley’s Spearmint», Doublemint, Juicy Fruit» and especially Big Red». Another highlight for Wrigley Canada was the continued strong performance of Excel», a sugarfree pellet product.
Although they remain among our smaller international markets, Mexico, the Caribbean and the countries we serve in Central and South America again recorded solid volume gains. By focusing on a tighter range of product offerings and boosting advertising and merchandising efforts, we were able to increase both the range and depth of our distribution in Latin America over the past year.
During 1998, our associates at Amurol Confections continued the practices that started to turn their business around at the end of 1997 — tighter cost controls and more selective new product introductions. As a result, Amurol posted higher earnings in 1998. Sales, on the other hand, remained somewhat soft, as they did for the entire novelty bubble gum and confectionery category. Amurol is also placing greater emphasis on consumer advertising which has helped improve awareness of and interest in their new product offerings.
As we begin the new year, economic conditions remain unsettled in a number of your Company’s international markets. Greater volatility is a risk we accepted, along with the potential rewards, when we expanded into the emerging markets of Central and Eastern Europe and Asia. To date, the benefits to the Company have far outweighed the complexities encountered, and we remain committed to building our business in these countries for the long haul.
To fully develop the potential of these markets, additional investment will be required — in people, equipment, advertising and merchandising. Your Company’s employee base will continue to increase as we expand the infrastructure needed to produce, market and distribute our high quality products in over 140 countries around the world. The capital portion of our 1999 investment in the business is expected to be in the same range as 1998’s record expenditure.
Over the past year, computer system testing and modifications to address the Year 2000 challenge proceeded on time and on budget. While we still have some work to do, by far the largest portion of the spending on this project is now behind us. The Company remains on track to have its critical systems Year 2000 ready by the end of the first quarter, with some less sensitive applications to be dealt with later in 1999.
As we are about to enter the 21st Century, it is worth a look back to see how far our Company has come since it stood on the threshold of the 20th Century. In its best year prior to 1900, the Wrigley Company recorded about $40,000 in sales each month. Today, we record that much in sales every 10 minutes, around the clock. This striking comparison reflects the vast business improvement made possible by the efforts of our dedicated, hard-working employees, both past and present. Also appreciated is the loyalty through the years of our stockholders who have valued the Company’s long-term perspective on investment and growth. With all of your support, we look forward to continuing to build our business through 1999 and into the next century.
Sincerely,
       William Wrigley
