 To our stockholders and
the worldwide Wrigley team:
  In 2003, we were pleased to deliver another year of record shipments, sales and earnings for the Wrigley Company. Against a backdrop of increased competition and consolidation, we continued to drive against our strategic choices to boost our core gum business and to expand into non-gum confections through both organic development and acquisition.
Bill Wrigley, Jr.
Additionally, we have adopted an internal mindset that we refer to as the “Wrigley Confectionery Company.” While the name over the door is not changing, this philosophical shift captures our intent to be a serious player in a broader confectionery arena. We see opportunities to leverage our expertise in everything from flavor and packaging technology to distribution and merchandising across a greater range of products and marketplaces.
This aspirational term also reminds us on a daily basis that there is more than one path to take us to a successful future. We must continue to pursue multiple strategies and parallel initiatives to ensure that we are offering the right mix of brands and benefits for our consumers and the optimal combination of profitability and service for our customers. Our initiatives include both incremental, one-step-at-a-time changes and more groundbreaking, revolutionary changes, as we recognize that both alternatives can deliver positive, energizing results. Through this approach, we will continue to build — in unique and value-added ways — sustainable competitive advantages that will enable us to win in the marketplace and create generational growth for our Company. We remain true to our Vision ... “Wrigley Brands Woven into the Fabric of Everyday Life Around the World”.
11
 
 The Executive Leadership Team
    In support of our vision and aspiration, we recently announced an agreement to acquire various confectionery businesses of The Joyco Group of Barcelona, Spain. While the transaction still requires regulatory approval, we are excited about the potential expansion of the Wrigley portfolio to include such successful, quality brands as Boomer®, Pim Pom® and Solano®. When completed, this acquisition will broaden Wrigley’s offerings in bubble gum, lollipops and other sweets, as well as strengthen our distribution in dozens of countries, especially China, India and Spain. As with all our investment decisions, the key drivers of this transaction were strategic fit and
candies have already climbed into the top five among all confectionery items in places like Slovenia and Croatia. Our dissolvable fresh breath films, under the banners of Extra Thin IceTM and Eclipse FlashTM, are securing growing distribution and trial across Europe.
Our Extra and Eclipse brands are also leading the Wrigley charge into the mint category. Following their September launch, Extra sugarfree mints have achieved strong customer and consumer acceptance in the United Kingdom, and we will continue to expand their availability in Europe. In the U.S., the three-to-one preference ratio for our new Eclipse mints over
 (L to R) Reuben Gamoran, Peter Hempstead, Howard Malovany, Duke Petrovich, Darrell Splithoff, Surinder Kumar, Ron Waters
 potential to create incremental value. The complementary nature of Wrigley and Joyco operations and product portfolios, as well as our compatible corporate cultures, will help facilitate the integration process and provide a solid foundation for future growth. We look forward to obtaining the necessary approvals to complete this acquisition and to successfully integrating Joyco people, facilities and brands into the Wrigley family.
On a parallel path, our ongoing organic confectionery initiatives produced some impressive results in 2003. We continued to extend the reach of key brands — such as Orbit®, Extra®, and Eclipse® — beyond chewing gum. The distribution of Orbit DropsTM has expanded across Central Europe to a very positive marketplace reception. These sugarfree dental
competitive offerings during consumer testing had our retail customers clamoring for early shipments. This new product is just now beginning to appear on store shelves, so it is still too early to report on consumer takeaway, but you will hear more about these terrific mints, in their new-style tin, as the year unfolds.
Turning to our core gum business, we are very proud of its continued positive momentum. Both our development and sales teams operated at full throttle in 2003, as we pursued flavor, format and benefit innovation to meet evolving consumer preferences and drive additional trial and consumption. In the two dozen or so countries where we compete directly against the second largest gum manufacturer, we gained share in two-thirds of the geographies and held share in most of the rest, with only minor declines in a couple of locations.
12

In the U.S., a focused, integrated marketing campaign and new flavor offerings enabled Orbit to remain the fastest- growing gum product. With strong sales distribution support and a compelling combination of product design, flavor delivery and unique packaging, Orbit passed Trident® after just two years in the marketplace. It achieved the #2 ranking in U.S. dollar sales for gum products, trailing only our own Extra brand. Citrus variations and pellet formulations of Juicy Fruit® in Asia and in the U.S. continued the revitalization of this 111-year-old global brand. The expanded distribution of Bubble Tape® under the Hubba Bubba® label and the
Successful innovation begins with finding the right people, providing them a dynamic and nurturing environment, and creating a culture that is conducive to experimentation and the development of great new ideas. To that end, we are making another major investment in our people and our future by constructing a new Global Innovation Center in our headquarters city of Chicago. Designed to foster collaboration, this facility will include state-of-the-art laboratories and pilot plant, and will be filled with Wrigley associates representing a cross-section of functions and disciplines. It will serve as a creative hub that brings our
    launch of an innovative flavor and format combination, called Hubba Bubba Mix & MatchTM, pushed our bubble gum share to new heights in countries like France and Germany. The rollouts of teeth-cleansing Orbit ProfessionalTM and Extra Professional gum products are reinforcing the already strong dental benefit positioning of these brands and building incremental business in Europe and the Pacific.
Achieving a breakout success in the confectionery marketplace is not easy — it requires the combined efforts of many talented teams from R&D to Supply Chain to Sales & Marketing. Our successful internal product development program is a result of our long-term business perspective, our passion for under- standing consumers and our strong investment in innovation, up an average of 20% in each of the past three years.
people together — helping us draw ideas, strength, energy and inspiration from all corners of the Wrigley world.
We have also invested to make our overall technology infrastructure more robust than ever before. Our global SAP implementation is now nearly 90% complete, establishing a single, truly integrated, global repository for our business data. The system is already paying dividends in terms of providing more timely and higher quality data, enabling us to improve our operations and shaving time off everything from flavor production scheduling to order processing.
In 2003, we reached a significant milestone that testifies to the accelerating pace of the marketplace and the overall growth of our business. It took the Wrigley Company 99
13
  
 years — from 1891 to 1990 — to reach $1 billion in annual sales. Only nine years later — in 1999 — we had added a second billion dollars to our top line. Just four years after that, we have achieved $3 billion in sales.
In acknowledgement of this dramatic change in scale and mindful of our many opportunities and aggressive aspirations going forward, we put in place a realigned organizational structure effective January 1, 2004. The new alignment better focuses our management resources and accountability against our top business priorities — allowing us to “divide and conquer” the wide range of initiatives that are essential to our long-term business growth. It will enable us to more fully leverage our global scale — both operationally and strategically — and positions us to take full advantage of promising opportunities we see in the dynamic, worldwide confectionery marketplace.
Ron Waters has stepped into the role of Chief Operating Officer, an important new element of our structure going forward. As he concentrates on coordinating and unifying our operations around the world and fully tapping into the strength and depth of our global management team, I will be able to better focus on areas critical to the Company’s long-term success and business growth, including strategic direction, innovation, and people development. The entire Executive Leadership Team continues to work closely together to map the Company’s path to the future, determining our operating philosophy as well as directing and guiding all aspects of our business.
At Wrigley, everything starts with people. The “Wrigley Way” is to treat every individual with trust, dignity and respect. From that simple premise, we have established a number of core values that form the “soul” of our Company. Every Wrigley associate — starting with me — is expected to embrace these shared values and to use them to guide their business decisions and behavior toward others — both inside and outside the organization. Traveling such a path is not
always easy or expedient, but it is always the best way to develop healthy, long-lasting relationships and a reputation for ethical behavior and fair dealing. Going forward, our core values remain constant in an ever-changing world.
Overall, the excellent progress of our business in the face of shifting conditions is testimony to the strength and flexibility of our plan, the power and equity of our brands, the resilience of our organization, and the skill and dedication of our people.
The Wrigley Company remains focused on delivering the most creative thinking, the most compelling benefits, the most innovative packaging, the most exciting products and the most powerful consumer messaging in the confectionery marketplace. We intend to capture and pursue great ideas generated around the Wrigley world that will build our business in ways that we cannot even imagine today. I can personally attest to the fact that the appetite of Wrigley associates for growth and innovation has only been whetted by the accomplishments of the past year, and their drive for progress and exploration is stronger than ever before.
Your backing enables us to focus on what we do best — create, communicate and distribute great brands and products that delight our consumers and build “win-win” relationships with our customers, suppliers, associates and the communities in which we operate. Your ongoing support will be deeply appreciated as we continue to pursue the creation of long-term value for all Wrigley stakeholders around the world.
Sincerely,
                14
William Wrigley, Jr.
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
