  DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
Our vision is to grow a truly great company for our shareholders, customers and employees. In 2013, we laid important groundwork for achieving this goal.
Looking back
On June 16, 2013, we announced the acquisition of Longview Timber, which brought 645,000 acres of some of the finest timberlands in the Pacific Northwest into our portfolio. This is
a fantastic acquisition for our company and it demonstrates our ability to grow our Timberlands business in a disciplined way that adds value for shareholders. We expect to surpass our original goal of $20 million in synergies by the end of 2014.
On Nov. 4, 2013, we announced an agreement to combine our homebuilding business, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company, with Tri Pointe Homes. This transaction will give shareholders
of both companies the opportunity to invest in one of the largest and best-positioned homebuilders in the country. Once the transaction closes, the new Weyerhaeuser Company will be focused on growing, harvesting and selling trees, and converting them at the lowest possible cost into products our customers want and are willing to pay for.
Year-over-year, we doubled our net earnings and increased our dividend by nearly 30 percent. We are committed to delivering a growing dividend and we understand the importance of returning cash to shareholders as a key lever to drive shareholder value.
Finally, we also announced in 2013 that Dan Fulton was retiring and that I would be stepping into the role of president and CEO. During his tenure, despite unprecedented economic headwinds and an extremely depressed housing market, Dan led Weyerhaeuser through a highly successful conversion to a
real estate investment trust and drove the strategic refocus
of our business portfolio. His leadership was always grounded in unwavering commitment to our company values. On behalf of our board of directors and employees, I want to thank him for his thirty-eight years of outstanding service to our company.
Looking ahead
Since joining the company, I’ve been focused on three critical areas: understanding where we are today, defining where we need to be, and executing a plan to take us there.
I spent my first 50 days
on the road, visiting our
facilities and meeting
with employees. I also
met with our largest investors and many of our customers.
I heard remarkable consistency from all corners about what Weyerhaeuser does well, such as safety, ethics, citizenship and sustainability. I also heard about opportunities for improvement.
Working with our senior team, we developed a path forward for the company that zeros in on operational excellence and people development as the two critical focus areas that will drive us
to become what I call “truly great.”
Although there is still much more work ahead of us, I’m encouraged by the traction we’re seeing already. Each of our businesses has a clear strategy and aggressive financial targets. We have the right leaders in place to drive action and get great financial results.
I’m excited about what the future holds for Weyerhaeuser. We’re doing the right work with the right people to drive operational excellence throughout the company, fully capitalize on improving housing markets, and deliver value to our shareholders.
Thank you for your support.
Doyle R. Simons
President and Chief Executive Officer
  