 DEAR FELLOW SHARE- HOLDER

WEYERHAEUSER IS A DYNAMIC COMPANY.
WE CONTINUE TO TAKE FOCUSED AND DETERMINED STEPS TO DELIVER THE RESULTS YOU EXPECT. EACH OF OUR BUSINESSES FACES CHALLENGES, AND EACH HAS A STRATEGY IN MOTION. WE HAVE A CLEAR PLAN FOR OUR FUTURE, AND WE’RE EXECUTING IT WITH CONFIDENCE.
WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K
  For decades, Weyerhaeuser has been a leader in the forest products industry, and we are confident in our ability to maintain and build on this position. We recognize that continuing to change the way we operate is critical to our long-term prosperity.
To ensure our success, we make disci- plined decisions and then take prompt action. You’ve seen evidence of this approach for years, and 2006 was no different. As a result, we are an even more efficient, customer-focused company that rapidly responds to market cycles and demands.
We are no longer in the fine paper business.
On Aug. 23, 2006, we announced that we would maximize the value of our fine paper assets by combining them with Domtar, Inc., creating the largest fine paper producer in North America. For Weyerhaeuser, this means $1.35 billion in tax-free cash, which we will use to pay down debt. We will also retire a significant portion of our outstanding shares through the exchange offering
of Weyerhaeuser shares for shares in the new Domtar.
We restructured our containerboard business. In early 2006, we began trans-
forming our containerboard packaging and recycling business from a plant-centric model into a customer-focused, supply- chain design. The sales and marketing organization, or demand side, works as a single team with customers in six market segments. The manufacturing organization, or supply side, allocates customer orders to the most advantageous mix of facilities to make and deliver on-spec, on-time products at the lowest total delivered cost.
The new organization — which in 2006 closed or sold 11 packaging plants, closed one bag facility, and shut down one liner- board machine — now has a more direct connection with our customer base. This allows us to use our assets more efficiently, make better decisions about what we offer, provide superior customer service, and position ourselves to take advantage of the growth expected in containerboard pack- aging markets in 2007.
We launched iLevelTM. In early 2006, we introduced iLevel, a new brand for our residential wood products business, which delivers innovative solutions to the struc- tural frame market. By simplifying home

2006 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
    DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER-SHARE FIGURES
   2006 2005 2004
  Net sales and revenues
$
21,896
 $ 22,046 $ 21,411
 Net earnings
453
 733 1,283
 Basic net earnings per share
1.85
 3.00 5.45
 Capital expenditures (WEYERHAEUSER ONLY, EXCLUDING ACQUISITIONS)
849
 875 504
 Number of common and exchangeable shares outstanding (IN THOUSANDS)
238,008
 245,184 242,472
 Book value per share
38.17
 39.97 38.17
 Return on shareholders’ interest
4.8%
 7.7% 15.7%
 Common stock price range
 $
 75.09 – 55.35
 $ 71.52 – 61.12 $ 67.86 – 56.04
        construction for builders with value-adding products and services, we’re positioning ourselves for increased profitability and customer loyalty over the long term. Our iLevel business repre- sents more than one-third of our companywide revenue, so this new initiative is significant. Although we currently face a cyclical downturn in the U.S. housing market, we expect to realize long-term benefits when demand for housing in the United States rebounds.
To position us for success in the current business climate and beyond, we strategically strengthened our residential wood products portfolio during 2006 with the announcements to permanently close five facilities and build, or rebuild, three new state-of-the-art softwood lumber mills. As we work through the difficult wood products market in 2007, we’ll continue to strategically align our portfolio with chosen market segments.
We narrowed the focus of our cellulose fibers business. Our cellulose fibers facilities are concentrating on serving the grow- ing, global market for specialty pulp. We intend to increase the earnings of this business by bringing to market new products that have the potential for high growth and margin, developing new markets, strengthening our position in existing markets, and taking advantage of our leading technical expertise and global direct sales structure. To support this growth effort, the business made significant operational improvements in 2006 by reducing cost and adopting streamlined, market-driven business processes.
We strategically invested in our real estate businesses. Our Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company subsidiary had a challenging year with the decline in housing demand across the United States.
Still, for the full year, we generated financial returns among the highest in the industry on modestly higher home-closing activity compared with 2005, and we continued to grow in size and breadth. For example, we acquired Maracay Homes in Phoenix, Ariz., expanded Quadrant Homes and Pardee Homes into adjacent markets, and introduced niche product lines, such as Camberley Homes in the Washington, D.C., area.
Although some markets in which we operate remain relatively healthy, the outlook for the coming year looks challenging for the industry overall. During this period, our real estate companies will maintain flexibility by taking action, when appropriate, to minimize inventory, slow the pace of land acquisition, and manage pricing pressure. We expect that over this cycle, WRECO will remain an industry leader with a strong and growing presence in our target markets.
We continue to create value in our timberlands business. Our timberlands business continues to thrive despite the pressures on the housing market, which, as expected, significantly slowed demand for wood products. In 2006, we continued to find new ways to reduce cost, increase cash flow and extract the most value from each acre of forest we manage.
For example, in the Southern United States, we’re dispatching log trucks from a central location to maximize loads and save fuel costs, and we’ve extended our harvesting hours to make better use of logging equipment. In the West, we’re getting more out of our small logs by sending them to mills that are best able to extract maximum product value from them, and we’re increasing

the productivity of log processors. Across the business, we’re exploring ways to capture nontimber value from our land, such as leasing the rights to deposits of minerals, oil and gas. We continually assess the long-term timber-growing value of each acre and sell those acres that have a higher and better use. And this year, we implemented an integrated fiber planning process that allows us to more efficiently deliver fiber to internal and external customers.
We’re making the most of our size and scale. Last year, we began work to adopt standard, repeatable, customer-focused business processes across the company. We also centralized our transportation and warehousing organization, a move we expect to produce sustained cost savings. And in 2007, we’ll continue implementing a common integrated information technology platform that we expect to generate substantial companywide benefits.
We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. In June of 2006, we increased our dividend by 20 percent, the second increase in as many years. We also repurchased 11 million shares as part of our 18 million share repurchase program. We intend to complete this program within the original two-year period authorized by our board of directors. These actions were a direct result of our ability to generate strong free cash flow.
We broadened the expertise on our board. Kim Williams, who recently retired from Wellington Management Co. LLP where she was a senior vice president and partner, joined our board Oct. 1, 2006. Debra Cafaro, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Ventas Inc., joined our board Feb. 15, 2007. I look forward to the insights these seasoned leaders will bring to Weyerhaeuser.
We stayed true to our core values. Some things aren’t changing. One is our commitment to eliminating injuries, a goal that we made great strides toward last year with our lowest recordable injury rate ever. Another is continuing to build an inclusive work- place where diverse, talented people grow and thrive. And a third is our century-old commitment to always operating in a respon- sible and sustainable manner.
For more than a century, Weyerhaeuser has released the potential in trees to solve important problems for people and the planet. Today, the need for imaginative, sustainable solutions to the world’s challenges has never been greater. We intend to continue meeting this need in ways that create ongoing prosperity — for our customers, employees, suppliers, communities
and shareholders.
Thank you,
Steven R. Rogel
Chairman, President and CEO
WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K
  