DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
 Despite continued economic challenges in 2011, our company took full advantage of every opportunity to improve our overall performance.
Our Timberlands business signiÀcantly increased log export sales in response to emerging demand in China, and we continued to serve our long-time export customers, especially in Japan, which is already rebounding from
the devastating earthquake and tsunami that occurred March 11. While domestic markets continued to be challenging, we were able to modestly increase our harvest levels and improve returns.
Our Wood Products business continued to Àght strong headwinds in the U.S. housing market but nevertheless improved performance through customer selection, pricing improvements, and lower cost structure.
Our homebuilding business, WRECO, operates on the front lines of the housing crisis but has maintained proÀtability by nimbly adapting to changing consumer preferences while maintaining industry-leading customer satisfaction.
Finally, our Cellulose Fibers business capitalized on very strong market conditions and turned in record Ànancial results. We took full advantage of strong demand and product pricing while continuing to reduce costs, improve operating efÀciency, and deliver innovative products to meet customer needs.
As we look ahead to 2012, we’re well prepared to continue our forward progress regardless of difÀcult market conditions that we expect will continue. Our Timberlands business will keep developing new revenue sources from our lands while pursuing long-term growth. Our Wood Products business will build on the progress
it’s made to improve operational performance, diversify its markets, and gain competitive edge with innovative products. Our Cellulose Fibers business will continue
to beneÀt from its strong
base of manufacturing
excellence while serving
the needs of our growing
global customers. Our
homebuilding subsidiaries will keep doing what they do best — anticipating what today’s home buyers want and responding quickly with appealing new homes located in desirable communities.
This coming year will also bring continued beneÀts to our company and shareholders from our structure as a real estate investment trust. Operating as a REIT signiÀcantly improves our ability to meet our stated goal — to grow our Timberlands holdings over the long term. I would like to welcome all the new REIT investors who have now joined our strong family of shareholders.
In closing, I’d like to highlight one other accomplishment from last year of which I’m very proud. Weyerhaeuser was, for the Àrst time, listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index in 2011. This highly respected global recognition validates not only our strong environmental stewardship across all of our business activities but also our work to attract and retain the talented people who fuel our success and our unwavering commitment to delivering the Ànancial results you expect and deserve.
Dan Fulton
President and Chief Executive OfÀcer
 