DIRECTORS' REPORT
To the Members Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Sixty-first Annual Report of the Company together with the audited accounts for the year ended 31st March, 2009. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (Rs. in Lakhs) 2008-09 Profit before non-recurring expenses/(income), listed below and Tax -- Voluntary Retirement Scheme payments Profit before Taxation Provision for Tax for the year Net Profit Balance brought forward from previous year Profit available for appropriation Proposed Dividend Tax on Proposed Dividend Transfer to General Reserve Balance carried to next year 14287.65 51.37 14236.28 4269.29 9966.99 15798.50 25765.49 7384.02 1254.91 996.70 16129.86 2007-08 11775.69 -- 11775.69 3627.74 8147.95 16439.75 24587.70 6816.02 1158.38 814.80 15798.50

DIVIDEND The Directors recommend a dividend of Rs. 32.50 (previous year Rs. 30.00) per equity share for the financial year ended 31st March, 2009. If the proposed dividend is approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting the total dividend payout will be Rs. 7384.02 lakhs. Tax on dividend payout to be borne by the Company will be Rs. 1254.91 lakhs. The dividend will not suffer tax in the hands of the Shareholders. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Indian economy grew by 7% during the year ended March 2009, lower than the 9% achieved in the previous year, reflecting the impact of the global economic meltdown. The growth achieved is the second highest in the world. THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY The Industry's growth decelerated to 10% for the year ended March 2009 (Source IMS MAT March 2009) from 15% for the year ended March 2008 (Source IMS MAT March 2008). The Indian retail pharmaceutical market was valued at Rs. 35367.47 crores for the year ended March 2009 (IMS MAT March 2009). Alimentary Tract and Metabolism products and Systemic Anti-Infectives which represent acute therapies, constituted a major portion (44%) of the total market. The chronic segments like Blood and Blood forming organs, Cardiovascular, Genito-urinary System and Hormones and Dermatologicals are growing at a fast rate. OPPORTUNITIES, THREATS, RISKS AND CONCERNS The retail pharmaceutical market is expected to register growth of 10% to 12% in 2009-10 against the backdrop of the continuing slowdown. In spite of a growing population and affordable prices of common medicines, inadequate health infrastructure in the rural areas, low health insurance penetration and the economic slowdown are expected to hinder market development.
2

Wyeth Limited
The US FDA established an India office during the year, recognizing the growing importance of India as a global hub for the manufacture of generic pharmaceuticals. The Indian economy is expected to recover its momentum on the back of stimulus packages announced by the Government and India's continued attraction as a global investment destination. As the economy revives and access to healthcare improves, the pharmaceutical market is expected to grow at a faster pace in the coming years. However, excessive focus of the Government on pricing and inadequate attention to investment in healthcare infrastructure will continue to hamper the industry's growth potential and its capacity to provide healthcare for all the people. FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE Sales for the year ended 31st March, 2009 were Rs. 382.65 crores (previous year Rs. 331.32 crores) which represents growth of 15% over the previous year and were significantly higher than the market growth. The growth is due to strong performance by all leading brands. The Company maintains its leadership position in Oral Contraceptives, Hormone Therapy, Folic Acid and Liquid Antacid Segments. The products launched in the last few years have achieved good growth over the previous year. ENBREL*, a break through treatment for Rheumatoid Arthritis and Psoriasis, has achieved growth of 37% and PREVENAR*, a vaccine for invasive Pnuemococcal disease has achieved growth of 75%. TYGACIL*, a hospital injectable antibiotic for life threatening infections such as complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated skin and skin structure infections, grew by 111% during the year. PREMARIN* 0.3 mg was launched during the year which is a low dose hormone therapy indicated for the treatment of menopausal symptoms. The Consumer Health Care division launched a break through innovation of its product ANNE FRENCH* in the form of ANNE FRENCH* Roll On, during the year under review. This initiative has been enthusiastically received by both the trade and the consumers. During the year, the Anne French* brand image was enhanced significantly with the launch of the new "Beautiful skin is in" campaign, which leveraged the appeal of its brand ambassador, the leading film star, Ms. Kareena Kapoor. Excluding the impact of non-recurring expenses/(income) from the profits of the current year, the profit for the year at Rs. 142.87 crores represents a growth of 21% over previous year. OUTLOOK The Company continues to invest in all the key brands to increase sales and also takes initiatives to reduce cost with a view to improving profitability and thus increase stakeholder value. CAUTIONARY NOTE Certain statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis Section may be forward looking and are stated as required by the applicable laws and regulations. The future results of the Company may be affected by many factors, which could be different from what the Directors envisage in terms of future performance and outlook. INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS The Company has adequate internal control systems with control checks commensurate with its size and nature of business. These measures ensure efficient use and protection of all assets of the Company and also compliance with the policies, procedures and statutory requirements. All transactions are recorded in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. KPMG (the Internal Auditors) regularly conduct a review of the financial and operating controls in all areas of the Company's operations and significant issues, if any, are brought to the attention of the Management and Audit Committee of the Board for necessary action. HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS The Company continues to focus on its core values of Quality, Integrity, Respect for People, Leadership and Collaboration.
3

The relationship with all employees in the Company continues to be cordial. During the year under review, 4 employees availed themselves of Voluntary Retirement Scheme (nil in the previous year). The Company had 825 employees on its rolls as on 31st March, 2009. The information required under Section 217(2A) of the Companies Act, 1956, read with the Companies (Particulars of Employees) Rules, 1975, as amended is given in Annexure II to this Report. SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT The Company's commitment to safety and adherence to environment norms continued during the year under review. Pollutants in wastewater and air are regularly monitored at the manufacturing facility in Goa. Safety audits are regularly conducted and training in general safety, industrial hygiene and basic fire fighting is regularly imparted to plant employees. DIRECTORS Mr. R. S. Poulton was appointed Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors on 26th October, 2005. He resigned on 26th January, 2009. The Board places on record its appreciation of the valuable services rendered by Mr. R. S. Poulton as Director and Chairman. Mr. B. R. Arora was appointed as Director and Chairman of the Company with effect from 26th January, 2009, in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. R. S. Poulton. In terms of Section 262 of the Companies Act, 1956, the term of office of Mr. B. R. Arora expires on the date of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and he is eligible for reappointment. Mr. A. K. Sharma was appointed Whole-time Director of the Company on 13th June, 2007. He resigned on 20th March, 2009. The Board places on record its appreciation of the valuable services rendered by Mr. A. K. Sharma as Director. Mr. S. N. Talwar was appointed as Director of the Company with effect from 20th March, 2009, in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. A. K. Sharma. Mr. D. E. Udwadia retires by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment. DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT Pursuant to Section 217(2AA) of the Companies Act, 1956, the Directors confirm that: (i) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed; (ii) appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently, and have made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2009 and of the profit of the Company for the period 1st April, 2008 to 31st March, 2009; (iii) proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; (iv) the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A Report on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate from Saraf & Associates, Company Secretaries, regarding compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance pursuant to Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement is annexed hereto.
4

Wyeth Limited
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO The particulars required under Section 217(1)(e) of the Companies Act, 1956, read with the Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of Board of Directors) Rules, 1988, are annexed hereto as Annexure I. SUBSIDIARY COMPANY Wyeth Lederle (Exports) Limited (WLEL), the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is under the process of liquidation. During the year the Liquidator appointed by the Members of WLEL disposed of its assets and distributed the proceeds to the Company. WLEL was not operational during the year. Hence, WLEL's Financial Statements and Statement under Section 212 of the Companies Act, 1956, are not annexed to the Company's Financial Statements. AUDITORS The Auditors, Messrs. Price Waterhouse, retire at the conclusion of this Annual General Meeting and offer themselves for reappointment. Messrs. Price Waterhouse have confirmed their eligibility for reappointment under Section 224(1B) of the Companies Act, 1956. AUDITORS' COMMENTS The claims under the Drug Prices Equalization Account and the comments of the Auditors regarding the amount payable into the Drug Prices Equalization Account in respect of De-methyl Chlor Tetracycline, Chlor Tetracycline Hydrochloride, Tetracycline Hydrochloride, Dexamethasone, Amoxycillin Trihydrate, Benzathine Penicillin G and their formulations and claims by the Government regarding non-compliance with respect to prices fixed under para 8 of the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995 for Prednisolone based formulations have been explained in Notes 4(a) and 4(b) of Schedule 18 to the Accounts. An early resolution of this issue will provide much needed clarity for the future. COST AUDITORS The Directors have, subject to the approval of the Central Government, appointed Messrs. N. I. Mehta & Co., Mumbai, as Cost Auditors to conduct the cost audit of Formulations for the financial year ending 31st March, 2010. The requisite application for approval of their appointment has been submitted to the Central Government. APPRECIATION Your Directors take this opportunity to thank the Management of Wyeth, U.S.A., Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, U.S.A., and Wyeth Consumer Healthcare, U.S.A., for their valuable guidance and support throughout the year. The Directors record their thanks to the Company's employees at all levels for their dedication and commitment throughout the year. The Directors would also like to record their thanks to the Company's shareholders, bankers, financial institutions, Central and State Government officials, medical professionals, hospitals, research institutions, vendors, trade and all customers for their continued support and co-operation.  Place:Mumbai Date:24th June, 2009 On behalf of the Board B. R. Arora Chairman R. R. Iyer Managing Director

5

