Wyeth Lederle Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT
To the Members Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Fifty-fourth Annual Report of the Company together with the audited accounts for the year ended March 31, 2002.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(Rs Lakhs) Year ended March 31, 2002 Profit before Tax and prior period items Provision for Tax Provision for prior year Taxes Net Profit Profit and Loss Account, beginning of the year Profit available for appropriation Proposed Dividend Tax on Proposed Dividend Transfer to General Reserve Balance carried to next year 6451.13 2162.56 68.05 4220.52 11271.44 15491.96 1184.44 425.00 13882.52 Year ended March 31, 2001 4978.55 1802.41 3176.14 9394.24 12570.38 888.33 90.61 320.00 11271.44

DIVIDEND
The Directors recommend a dividend of Rs 6.00 (previous year Rs 4.50) per Equity Share for the financial year ended March 31, 2002. The proposed dividend, if approved, will be paid to : (i) those Equity Shareholders whose names appear in the Register of Members of the Company on the date of the Annual General Meeting; and those whose names appear as beneficial owners as at the close of business hours on August 5, 2002 as per lists to be furnished by the Depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited.

(ii)

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY The Indian Pharmaceutical Industry, valued at Rs 16816 crores (source IMS MAT March 2002) constitutes just over 1% of the world pharmaceutical market despite India having 16% of the world population. The Industry has played a vital role in the healthcare of the country which comprises of more than 20,000 units of which approximately 270 are major companies. Systemic Anti-Infectives, Alimentary tract and metabolism drugs constitute 48% (source IMS MAT March 2002) of the total pharmaceutical business in the country. With increasing life expectancy, the industry is gradually shifting towards the age related drugs such as Cardio-Vascular, Anti-Diabetic, etc.

3

Brought to you by Global Reports

The Indian Pharmaceutical Market in 2001-2002 grew by only 7.7% (source IMS MAT March 2002) which is rather low compared to previous years. This growth has been driven mainly by launch of new products. The Pharmaceutical Industry is governed by the Drugs (Prices Control) Order (DPCO), 1995. The Government has announced a new Drug Policy in March 2002. The impact of the new policy can only be assessed after the Drugs (Prices Control) Order based on the New Policy is announced by the Government. The Government has passed the Patents (Second Amendment) Bill, 1999 in May 2002. This is one step forward towards complying with the WTO requirements of having product patents in place by January 2005. FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE During the year ended March 31, 2002, sales grew by 3.4% from Rs.294.74 crores to Rs.304.73 crores. The growth has been lower due to discontinuation of non-strategic brands and restructuring of sales and marketing to focus on the core products of the Company. Excluding the discontinued products, the growth in sales is 8%. The Company continued to perform well in its core therapeutic areas, such as Oral Contraceptives (OC), Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT), Antibiotics, Vaccines and Steroids. The Company continued to be market leader in HRT, OCs, Hib-Vaccines and Prednisolone. With a view to consolidating our position and grow further, the Company has restructured the sales and marketing operations to focus on its core competency therapeutic areas. This restructuring will enable the Company also to launch newer products. Exports for the year at Rs.36.20 crores are higher than the previous year by 28.8%, The profit after tax at Rs.42.21 crores represents a growth of 32.9% over the previous year. Excluding the impact of Voluntary Retirement Scheme in the previous year, the growth in profit after tax is 21.3%. The significant growth in profits is mainly due to productivity improvement in all areas and effective utilization of resources. OPPORTUNITIES, THREATS, RISKS AND CONCERNS The Company sees good opportunities for its core products such as OCs, HRT, Antibiotics, Vaccines and Steroids which the Company will capitalize through its focused sales and marketing team and brand equity. The Company also has plans to launch various new drugs in the coming years. The Company continues to be adversely impacted by the launch of generic versions of the patented molecules by companies other than the patent holder. The claims under the Drugs Prices Equalisation Account and the comment of the Auditors regarding the amount payable into the Drugs Prices Equalisation Account have been explained at length in the Note 21(a) to the Accounts. An early resolution of this issue will help the Company to invest in a more congenial environment. OUTLOOK The Company sees a good future in the current environment. An early announcement of the Drugs (Prices Control) Order based on the revised Drug Policy will help in planning for the future. The Company will continue to focus on and invest in its core competency areas such as OCs, HRT, Vaccines, Antibiotics and Steroids. The Company also plans to introduce new products in other therapeutic areas such as Musculoskeletal, Transplant and Oncology. A state-of-the-art solid dosage facility plant has been set up at Verna, Goa at a total cost of Rs.54 crores which can

4

Brought to you by Global Reports

Wyeth Lederle Limited
manufacture 1.3 billion tablets p.a. This facility has commenced commercial production in June 2002. Investment by the Company in a new plant confirms our belief that the outlook for the Company is bright. INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS The Company has adequate internal control systems with appropriate control checks. Effective measures are taken to ensure that all assets of the Company are protected and all transactions are recorded in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. The Internal Audit department regularly conducts review of the financial and operating controls in all areas of the Company's operations including transaction checks and significant issues if any are brought to the attention of the Audit Committee of the Board. HUMAN RESOURCES/INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS The Company has embarked on a Transformation Process to ensure that all employees are fully aware of the Mission, Vision and Values statement that describes our strategic direction. Our Values such as Quality, Integrity, Leadership, Collaboration and Respect for People embody the ideals that we embrace as a Company. The Company also focuses on training and development of its people at all levels. The relations between the Company and the employees continue to be cordial at all locations. Settlements with the Unions representing part of the Field Staff and the Head Office employees are under negotiation. The Company as on March 31, 2002 had 1715 employees on its rolls. During the year, 72 employees availed of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme as against 180 employees in the previous year. The information required under Section 217(2A) of the Companies Act, 1956 read with the Companies (Particulars of Employees) Rules, 1975 as amended, is furnished hereunder:
Name R.R. Iyer Age 48 Qualification M. Com, MFM Designation Managing Director Date of joining Nov 3, 1980 Experience 28 Remuneration (Rs) 35,91,283 Last employment Patel Roadways Designation Zonal manager

Mr. Iyer's appointment is contractual. He is not a relative of any Director of the Company. Remuneration includes salary, commission, allowances, leave travel assistance, medical benefits, Company's contribution to provident fund and Superannuation Scheme and perquisites considered on the basis of the Income-tax Rules, 1962. CAUTIONARY NOTE Certain statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis Section may be forward looking and are stated as required by the applicable laws and regulations. The future results of the Company may be affected by many factors, which could be different from what the Directors envisage in terms of future performance and outlook.

SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
The Company continued its commitment to the areas of health, safety and environment during the year under review. Compliance with safety norms and regular monitoring of effluents to meet the standards set by Pollution Control Authorities are an integral part of the Company's Operating System. Plant Employees are continuously trained and coached in General safety, Respiratory protection, Industrial hygiene monitoring, basic fire fighting and other areas through regular Safety Training Programs.

5

Brought to you by Global Reports

DIRECTORS Resignations
Messrs.R.A.Essner, A.W. Khandekar and B.J. Poussot resigned from the Board of Directors during the year. The Board places on record its appreciation of their valuable contributions during their tenure as Directors.

Appointments
Mr. V.D.Narkar was appointed as a Director with effect from September 7, 2001 in the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr.R.A.Essner. Mr.H.F.Bhabha was appointed on September 7, 2001 as Alternate Director to Mr.B.J.Poussot. On Mr.Poussot's resignation from the Board, Mr.H.F.Bhabha ceased to be Alternate to him. On March 27, 2002 Mr. Bhabha was appointed as Alternate Director to Mr.M.M.Larsen. Mr. Bhabha by virtue of being an employee of the Company, is also a Wholetime Director. Mr. Sunil Lalbhai was appointed as an Additional Director with effect from March 27, 2002. In terms of Section 260 of the Companies Act, 1956 he holds office upto the date of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Mr. Lalbhai, being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

Retirement by Rotation
Mr. D.E.Udwadia and Mr.J.A.Robertson retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.

DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 217(2AA) of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2000 the Directors confirm that: i) ii) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed; appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently, and have made judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2002 and of the profit of the Company for the period April 1, 2001 to March 31, 2002. proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities. the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis.

iii)

iv)

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A Report on Corporate Governance alongwith a Report from the Auditors of the Company regarding compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance pursuant to Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement is annexed.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
The particulars required under Section 217(1)(e) of the Companies Act, 1956, read with the Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of Board of Directors) Rules, 1988, are annexed .
6

Brought to you by Global Reports

Wyeth Lederle Limited
SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Pursuant to Section 212 of the Companies Act, 1956, the annual accounts for the year ended March 31, 2002 as also the Auditors' and Directors' Reports in respect of Wyeth Lederle (Exports) Limited and Credence Investment and Finance Limited are attached to the accounts of the Company. As required by the Listing Agreement with the Stock Exchanges and in terms of Accounting Standard, AS - 21, Consolidated Financial Statements are also attached.

AUDITORS
Messrs. Arthur Andersen & Associates, Auditors have informed that they are not seeking re-appointment. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors have evaluated the appointment of Auditors and are of the opinion that in the best interest of the Company, Messrs. Price Waterhouse be appointed as the Company's Auditors. The Directors place on record their appreciation of the services rendered by Messrs. Arthur Andersen & Associates. Messrs. Price Waterhouse (PW) have confirmed that they are eligible for appointment as Auditors. PW, if appointed, will hold office upto the conclustion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.

COST AUDITORS
The Directors have appointed M/s.N.I.Mehta & Co., Mumbai, as Cost Auditors to conduct the cost audit of Bulk Drugs and Formulations for the financial year ending March 31, 2003. The requisite applications for approval of their appointment have been submitted to the Central Government.

APPRECIATION
Your Directors take this opportunity to thank the Management of Wyeth, U.S.A. (formerly American Home Products Corporation, U.S.A.) and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, U.S.A. for their valuable guidance and support throughout the year. The Directors record their thanks to the Company's employees at all levels for their dedication and commitment throughout the year. The Directors would also like to record their thanks to the Company's shareholders, bankers, financial institutions, Central and State Government officials, medical professionals, hospitals, research institutions, trade and all customers for their continued support and co-operation. On behalf of the Board B.R. Arora Director Mumbai June 27, 2002. R.R. Iyer Managing Director

7

Brought to you by Global Reports

