Dear Shareholders,
For more than 60 years, your Company has been playing a growing role in India's ongoing journey to better health. As you are aware, Wyeth pioneered the launch of new therapies in maternal and children's health in India ­ two areas that are critical to the overall health of the nation. Continuing to build on this, Wyeth launched India's first pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in 2006, and in 2010 has replaced the same with an improved and more effective vaccine with a wider reach. Increasing lifespan has led to rise in disease burden in the growing population of senior citizens. Your Company is collaborating with healthcare professionals to create public awareness on the importance of vaccination as one of the ingredients of healthy ageing. Wyeth has also been contributing to efforts to fight anemia, a major problem affecting Indian women. Wyeth has been partnering with healthcare professionals to conduct a program called Aditi (Anemia Detection In Time Initiative) to facilitate timely detection and treatment of this debilitating disease. Unwanted pregnancies are a major cause of economic and emotional distress. Wyeth continues to be the leader in oral contraceptives. After a decade of debate on the risks and benefits of hormone therapy, 15 top medical organizations in 2012 issued a joint statement of agreement emphasizing the benefits of hormone therapy for symptomatic menopausal women. Wyeth is the leader in the hormone therapy market in India. Efforts are also on to strengthen the consumer franchise for Anacin and Anne French with contemporary packaging. Your Company's manufacturing plant in Goa continues to earn accolades. The plant received the prestigious India Manufacturing Excellence Gold Award in 2010, instituted by Economic Times and Frost & Sullivan. The plant received the Platinum award in 2011 and won it again in 2012. Wyeth is driving the OWN IT! culture across the organization, encouraging every employee to think and act like an owner. Going forward, the OWNership culture is expected to accelerate the Company's growth in our very competitive marketplace. I am grateful for your support and good wishes after I took over as Managing Director of your Company in August 2012. I look forward to your continued support as we aspire to grow bigger with more products and better services to promote the health of our people.

Regards,

Aijaz Tobaccowalla
Managing Director Wyeth Limited

