DIRECTORS' REPORT
To the Members Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Sixty-Second Annual Report of the Company together with the audited accounts for the eight month period from 1st April, 2009 to 30th November, 2009. The audited figures given hereunder for the period under review and the previous year are not comparable, as the Company's accounting year has been changed from April ­ March to December ­ November. The current financial year is therefore for the period of 8 (eight) months only from April, 2009 to November, 2009, while the previous year was for the period of 12 (twelve) months from April, 2008 to March, 2009. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (Rs. in Lakhs) April ­ November, 2009 Profit before non-recurring expenses/(income), listed below and Tax -- Voluntary Retirement Scheme payments Profit before Taxation Provision for Tax for the year Net Profit Balance brought forward from previous year Profit available for appropriation Proposed Dividend Tax on Proposed Dividend Transfer to General Reserve Balance carried to next year 8171.95 -- 8171.95 2271.33 5900.62 16129.86 22030.48 4544.02 772.26 590.06 16124.14 Year ended 31st March, 2009 14287.65 51.37 14236.28 4269.29 9966.99 15798.50 25765.49 7384.02 1254.91 996.70 16129.86

DIVIDEND The Directors recommend a dividend of Rs. 20.00 (previous year Rs. 32.50) per equity share for the 8 month period ended 30th November, 2009. If the proposed dividend is approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting the total dividend payout will be Rs. 4544.02 lakhs. Tax on dividend payout to be borne by the Company will be Rs. 772.26 lakhs. The dividend will not suffer tax in the hands of the Shareholders. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Indian economy grew by approximately 7% during the year ended November, 2009, marginally higher than the 6.7% achieved in the previous year. The Indian economy has come out of the global economic crisis relatively well. THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY The Pharmaceutical Industry grew by 15.72% for the year ended November, 2009 (Source IMS MAT November, 2009) compared to 10.49% in November, 2008 (Source IMS MAT November, 2008). The geographical expansion of the industry and the ongoing economic recovery helped the industry's accelerated growth. OPPORTUNITIES, THREATS, RISKS AND CONCERNS The pharmaceutical market is expected to register growth of 12% to 14% in 2010, propelled by the economic revival, the rising number of players entering organized healthcare, and the increasing penetration of smaller cities and rural markets by the pharmaceutical industry.
2

Wyeth Limited
The industry is taking initiatives to expand its reach beyond metros and cities to smaller towns. However, inadequate investment in rural health infrastructure and low insurance penetration continue to hinder market development and the ability of the pharmaceutical industry to contribute to improved health outcomes. Several factors point to rising prospects for the Indian economy ­ high domestic savings rate, increased foreign direct investment to tap India's large domestic market, a growing working population in a world that is ageing rapidly and human resources such as labour skills, scientific talent and management capability. As the economy revives and access to healthcare improves, the pharmaceutical market is expected to grow at a faster pace in the coming years. However, excessive focus of the Government on pricing and inadequate attention to investment in rural health infrastructure will continue to hamper the industry's growth potential and its capacity to provide healthcare for all the people. FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE Sales for the period ended 30th November, 2009 were Rs. 286 crores (previous year Rs. 383 crores) which represents growth of 12% over the previous year on an annualized basis. The Company maintains its leadership position in Oral Contraceptives, Hormone Therapy and Folic Acid markets. The products launched in the last few years have achieved good growth over the previous year. Two key products, ENBREL*, a break through treatment for Rheumatoid Arthritis and Psoriasis, achieved growth of 38% and PREVENAR*, a vaccine for invasive Pnuemococcal disease achieved growth of 75%. During the period, the Anne French* range received a boost with the launch of the new "Anne French* roll-on". Featuring a very convenient applicator, a category innovation, new fragrance variant, and variants designed for normal as well as dry skin, the roll-on has been a success in the market, bringing new consumers into the fold. A new television commercial, featuring the brand ambassador, Kareena Kapoor, has further enhanced the Anne French* image as a brand which innovates. There was continuing emphasis on improving market presence for Anacin*, through innovative retail branding initiatives. This year saw the launch of Anacin* Multi Pain focused on providing relief of multiple body pains.Thus, Anacin* Multi Pain has broadened the brand's relevance for consumers by targeting many more usage occasions than before. OUTLOOK The Company continues to invest in all the key brands to increase sales and also takes initiatives to reduce cost with a view to improving profitability and thus increase stakeholder value. CAUTIONARY NOTE Certain statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis Section may be forward looking and are stated as required by the applicable laws and regulations. The future results of the Company may be affected by many factors, which could be different from what the Directors envisage in terms of future performance and outlook. MERGER Of WYETH (USA) WITH PFIZER INC. Wyeth, USA (Wyeth) has merged with Wagner Acquisition Corp., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer Inc., through a scheme of merger effected pursuant to and as per the prevailing laws of the United States of America. The merger of Wyeth and Wagner Acquisition Corp., became effective on 15th October, 2009 and as a result of the merger, Pfizer Inc. is now the parent company of Wyeth and hence the ultimate parent of the Company. INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS The Company has adequate internal control systems with control checks commensurate with its size and nature of business. These measures ensure efficient use and protection of all assets of the Company and also compliance with the policies, procedures and statutory requirements. All transactions are recorded in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. KPMG (the Internal Auditors) had been regularly conducting the review of the financial and operating controls in all areas of the Company's operations and significant issues, if any, were brought to the attention of the Management and Audit Committee of the Board for necessary action. KPMG, being a member firm of KPMG International, the statutory auditors to Pfizer Inc and its affiliate and subsidiary companies globally, stepped down as Internal Auditors. The Directors place on record their appreciation of the services rendered by KPMG. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors have appointed Ernst & Young as the Company's Internal Auditors.
3

HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS The Company continues to focus on its core values of Customer Focus, Community, Respect for People, Performance, Collaboration, Leadership, Integrity, Quality and Innovation. The relationship with all employees in the Company continues to be cordial. The Company had 813 employees on its rolls as on 30th November, 2009. The information required under Section 217(2A) of the Companies Act, 1956, ("the Act") read with the Companies (Particulars of Employees) Rules, 1975, as amended, forms part of this Report. However, as per the provisions of Section 219(1)(b)(iv) of the Act, the Report and Accounts are being sent to all shareholders excluding the statement of particulars of employees under Section 217(2A) of the Act. Any shareholder interested in obtaining a copy of the statement may write to the Company Secretary at the Company's Registered Office. SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT The Company's commitment to safety and adherence to environment norms continued during the period under review. Pollutants in wastewater and air are regularly monitored at the manufacturing facility in Goa. Safety audits are regularly conducted and training in general safety, industrial hygiene and basic fire fighting is regularly imparted to plant employees. DIRECTORS Mr. R. R. Iyer resigned as Managing Director on 26th October, 2009. He had been with the Company since November, 1980, rendering a long and distinguished service of nearly 29 years. He was appointed as a Director on the Board from October, 1997 and he held the position of Managing Director of the Company since March, 2000. The Board places on record their deep appreciation of the valuable services rendered by Mr. Iyer during his long tenure with the Company. Mr. Kewal Handa was appointed as Additional Director and Managing Director of the Company with effect from 26th October, 2009 for a period of three years. In terms of Section 260 of the Companies Act, 1956, the term of office of Mr. Kewal Handa expires on the date of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and he is eligible for reappointment. Mr. S. N. Talwar was appointed Non-executive Independent Director of the Company on 20th March, 2009. He resigned on 26th October, 2009. The Board places on record its appreciation of the valuable services rendered by Mr. S. N. Talwar as Director. Messrs. S. S. Lalbhai and K. K. Maheshwari retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment. DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT Pursuant to Section 217(2AA) of the Companies Act, 1956, the Directors confirm that: (i) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed; (ii) appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently, and have made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at 30th November, 2009 and of the profit of the Company for the period 1st April, 2009 to 30th November, 2009; (iii) proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; (iv) the annual accounts have been prepared `on a going concern basis'. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A Report on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate from Saraf & Associates, Company Secretaries, regarding compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance pursuant to Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement is annexed hereto.
4

Wyeth Limited
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGOINGS The particulars required under Section 217(1)(e) of the Companies Act, 1956, read with the Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of Board of Directors) Rules, 1988, are annexed hereto as Annexure I. SUBSIDIARY COMPANY Wyeth Lederle (Exports) Limited (WLEL), the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is under the process of Liquidation. WLEL was not operational during the year. Hence, WLEL's Financial Statements and Statement under Section 212 of the Companies Act, 1956, are not annexed to the Company's Financial Statements. AUDITORS Messrs. Price Waterhouse, Auditors have informed that they are not seeking reappointment. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors have evaluated the appointment of Auditors and are of the opinion that in the best interest of the Company, Messrs. BSR & Associates be appointed as the Company's Auditors. The Directors place on record their appreciation of the services rendered by Messrs. Price Waterhouse. Messrs. BSR & Associates (BSR) have confirmed that they are eligible for appointment as Auditors. BSR, if appointed, will hold office up to the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company. AUDITORS' COMMENTS The claims under the Drug Prices Equalization Account and the comments of the Auditors regarding the amount payable into the Drug Prices Equalization Account in respect of De-methyl Chlor Tetracycline, Chlor Tetracycline Hydrochloride, Tetracycline Hydrochloride, Dexamethasone, Amoxycillin Trihydrate, Benzathine Penicillin G and their formulations and claims by the Government regarding non-compliance with respect to prices fixed under para 8 of the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995 for Prednisolone based formulations have been explained in Notes 4(a) and 4(b) of Schedule 17 to the Accounts. An early resolution of this issue will provide much needed clarity for the future. In response to Note 7 of the Annexure to Auditors' Report, it is clarified that the Company had KPMG, as its Internal Auditors. KPMG, being a member firm of KPMG International, the statutory auditors to Pfizer Inc., and its affiliate and subsidiary companies globally, stepped down as Internal Auditors during the period ended 30th November, 2009. Thereafter, the Company initiated the process of filling the vacancy. Ernst & Young, have since been appointed as Internal Auditors, to ensure that the Company has an Internal Audit system commensurate with the nature and size of its business. COST AUDITORS The Directors have, subject to the approval of the Central Government, appointed Messrs. RA & Co., Mumbai, as Cost Auditors to conduct the cost audit of Formulations for the financial year ending 30th November, 2010. The requisite application for approval of their appointment has been submitted to the Central Government. APPRECIATION Your Directors take this opportunity to thank the Management of the Parent Company for their valuable guidance and support. The Directors record their thanks to the Company's employees at all levels for their dedication and commitment throughout the year. The Directors would also like to record their thanks to the Company's shareholders, bankers, financial institutions, Central and State Government officials, medical professionals, hospitals, research institutions, vendors, trade and all customers for their continued support and co-operation.  Place: Mumbai Date: 19th February, 2009 *Registered Trade Mark
5

On behalf of the Board B. R. Arora Chairman Kewal Handa Managing Director

