Dear Shareholders,
This was an important year for your Company as we took steps towards concluding the merger process that will bring Wyeth Limited and Pfizer Limited together as one operational and legal entity. We expect this process to be completed by December, 2014. This is an opportunity to remind ourselves of the glorious accomplishments that your Company has achieved in a journey that started in 1947 when Wyeth Limited was incorporated in India under the name Lederle Laboratories (India) Limited. This has been a journey of many firsts; pioneering new therapies including the first launch of hormone replacement therapy and conjugated pneumococcal vaccine for infants and adults, fifty years and older. This journey has included the launch of Enbrel - the breakthrough treatment for rheumatoid arthritis, Premarin - for menopausal symptoms and Tygacil - the world's first glycylcycline antibiotic. These were a few of the many internationally known products launched by Wyeth in India. This is a powerful reputation built on the strength of its products and brands, the relationships with its customers, and the quality of its people. We will build on these with even greater management focus, synergies across the integrated portfolio, and combination of best practices. The journey will continue. As opportunities go, there remains a vast and unfulfilled need in the areas of maternal and child health. The country is committed to achieving the UN Millennium Development Goals by 2015 - covering both, maternal health and child mortality. This will continue to create a demand that we are well placed to meet - with our powerful portfolio of market leading products that address varied needs of women, from conception onward. On the vaccines front, Prevenar 13 continues to maintain its strong position in the market. Vaccines is an exclusive and dedicated focus business operating through its own vertical aligned with the Pfizer global structure. At the same time, the challenges in the operating environment remain. They come by way of unpredictable regulations and frequent changes affecting the pricing of several of our products. A revision of the National List of Essential Medicines is scheduled for this year as well. The outcome remains difficult to predict. Internally, your Company embraces the `OWN IT!' culture - owning the business, winning in the marketplace, impacting results, and fostering trust in one another - which underpins the Company's business strategy. We also gear up to not only manage but, infact thrive in change. The Company conducted `Thriving in Change' workshops through the year - enabling colleagues across the organization to embrace reality, discover new opportunities, and manage risks to maximize benefits during times of uncertainty, challenge or change. We look forward to the coming year with excitement and optimism. The year will bring with it the full benefits of the synergy created from the merger and the positive changes that come along with it. We will take inspiration from the many achievements and illustrious history of Wyeth. We embrace the change and move on the path of progress. This change will make us stronger. Sincerely, Aijaz Tobaccowalla Managing Director Wyeth Limited

