To Our Stockholders, 2007 was a delightful and sometimes surprising year for all of us at Wynn Resorts. Our performance in Las Vegas was extraordinary. Our staff and our hotel were recognized by Mobil with a 5 Star, AAA with the 5 Diamond and Michelin with restaurant stars and a hotel rating of a 5 Pavilion Red Award, an honor shared with only eight other hotels in the United States. The pursuit of excellence in our hospitality and culinary programs has been recognized on an unequalled scale in Las Vegas and the United States. Naturally we are proud and grateful for such recognition and will strive to improve on our own accomplishments in the future. The Las Vegas property shattered every known record for casino activity and casino revenue in Nevada history. We face the economic uncertainty of 2008 with a wonderful staff and an equally wonderful clientele nurtured over the past three years. These achievements position us appropriately for the opening of our new 2,000 room all suite sister property, Encore, which will be fully integrated with the existing facilities of the Wynn Las Vegas Resort. With great enthusiasm, we will be occupied for the next several months in all of the preparatory work for Encore's grand opening in December. In Macau our business has steadily climbed during 2007 from our September 2006 opening. On December 24th we inaugurated the first portion of our Wynn Diamond expansion which, like its Las Vegas counterpart, is fully integrated with the existing Macau hotel and casino resort. The public response of our Chinese clientele has been delightfully and surprisingly beyond our expectations. Our operating profit in Macau was a million dollars a day last year and for us just the beginning of what we expect will be a dynamic and exciting future in the People's Republic of China. We are grateful and proud to be the guests of the people of Macau and its government. We will continue our efforts to be a good corporate neighbor and considerate employer in the future. Whether the economic environment be positive or one not so positive, our management team believes there is only one strategy that makes sense for the long term and that is to be uncompromising in our pursuit of excellence while demonstrating sensitivity and understanding to the needs of our employees and our guests. Respectfully,

Stephen A. Wynn Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Las Vegas, Nevada

