A Message from Our President and Chief Executive Officer
 2015 was one of the most challenging years in our company’s 114-year history.
• Oil prices reached lows not seen since 2003, putting stress on our tubular business.
• Global overcapacity in the steel industry continued to worsen.
• Excess supply drove elevated levels of imports into the United States.
• A strong dollar made it harder to compete with foreign steel producers.
These are just some of the challenges we faced in 2015. As we start 2016, those challenges haven’t let up. Yet my pledge from my letter last year remains firm. We want to return U. S. Steel to the stature of a business icon. The challenges are formidable. However, no market condition will distract us from this goal.
Last year, we focused on what we could control and took quick, decisive actions. Regardless of how difficult, they were necessary decisions. We idled various facilities. We issued WARN notices to thousands of employees. We decided to close part of our Fairfield Works facility in Alabama. We reduced our workforce at all levels, including senior executives. And we decided to delay building our electric arc furnace.
We did not relish making these decisions. They affected the lives of our employees, their families and the communities we call home. However, we did what was in the best interest of our company’s long-term health and stability. Extreme economic times require resolve and purpose. And it is clear that if some of the challenges we faced last year continue, this will require us to make similar decisions.
Despite the challenges, we are making enormous progress at our company. That starts with The Carnegie Way. It guides our strategy. It’s the fuel that ignites change and growth. We’re focused on creating a high-performing company capable of earning an economic profit across the cycle. We’re moving in that direction. The numbers prove it. In 2014, we realized $575 million in Carnegie Way benefits. In 2015, I’m proud
WE’RE FOCUSED ON CREATING A HIGH- PERFORMING COMPANY CAPABLE OF EARNING AN ECONOMIC PROFIT ACROSS THE CYCLE.
to say we realized $815 million in benefits. These figures represent sustainable improvements to our business, not temporary cost cuts.
Our European operations provide a great example. They were early adopters of The Carnegie Way. Over the past few years, they’ve shown how it can drive change and deliver for our company. Last year, they faced significant challenges in their market. Yet they produced the strongest segment results.
Across our company, our employees drove our success.
They transformed how we do business. As challenges arose, examples abound from all areas of how they found better ways to deliver value to all of our stakeholders. I cannot say enough about how our employees have embraced change. Over 8,000 employees participated in a Carnegie Way training class. They’ve identified thousands of projects. They’ve used tools to measure and sustainably improve how to conduct their business. And as you can see in the 2015 By the Numbers section following this letter, the results speak for themselves.
I believe we’re still in the early stages of this journey. However, The Carnegie Way, powered by our employees, remains an amazing force for change.
The same graphic also shows our progress in safety. We’re proud of the two new records we set last year and our strong performance in other key areas. In addition, many locations set new plant-level injury-free streaks. However, our enthusiasm is tempered. This past year, we suffered one fatality. That’s one too
 UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 1
 
 THE CARNEGIE WAY, POWERED BY OUR EMPLOYEES, REMAINS AN AMAZING FORCE FOR CHANGE.
many. We remain firmly committed to our ultimate safety goal: zero incidents and injuries companywide. I know we can reach it and nothing will deter us from that goal. We are getting closer to it every day thanks to our employees.
We also negotiated new three-year collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) with the United Steelworkers. Covering about 18,000 employees in the United States, we believe these new CBAs are in the best interests of our company, our employees and all of our stakeholders.
Our new Commercial Entities (CEs) also drove many improvements in 2015. They built better customer relationships with one objective in mind – develop solutions that create value for both of us. That means doing more than just creating new steels. It’s about becoming an integral part of the process our customers use to develop their own products – from sourcing to design and production to end-use application. Last year,
our CEs explored all opportunities to develop these kinds of relationships. This ranged from technical collaboration on steel grades and product design to discussions about our supply chain and everything in between. We’re excited about the progress our CEs have made, the opportunities that still remain, and how their work drives important changes across our business.
One of the most exciting by-products of their efforts has been the increase in innovation across our company. That includes the development of an innovation road map to guide investments in research and technology. We fully developed a number of new steel grades, but that was not our sole focus. We worked with our customers to design steel-intensive applications to address their needs. We began to explore alternative materials and advanced manufacturing as we work to push steel’s capabilities even further. This includes working on initiatives involving industry associations, universities and the U.S. Department of Energy. Our Generation 3 advanced high-strength steels earned technical approval with key automotive customers. We also launched a new proprietary premium tubular connection that meaningfully enhances our portfolio of products and positions us to better seek new markets and opportunities.
But innovation is more than research and development. It’s about finding new ways to run our business. I challenged
our employees to embrace change. I asked them to look at problems not as roadblocks, but as opportunities to make us better. They responded by finding creative solutions to issues, big and small.
These improvements include reliability centered maintenance (RCM). Last year, we completed RCM training and put a robust RCM process in place across our company. These steps, along with strong employee collaboration, produced notable results. We made progress in safety, quality and facility reliability. We did this while delivering important financial benefits to the bottom line. This was no small feat given the complexity of
our operations.
We also made progress on our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) deployment. ERP allows us to better consolidate key business data and processes. This creates better process control and standardization as well as improved analytics
for key aspects of our business. We are already seeing the advantages ERP offers. We believe those benefits will increase as deployment is completed.
Overall, it is energizing to see the ways our employees are embracing innovation. They’re using it to make our company better. We expect these trends to continue in 2016 as we fully align our Flat-Rolled CEs with the manufacturing facilities that serve their customers. We believe this is the logical next step to become a more customer-centric global solutions provider.
We also continued to improve our supplier relationships. Just like our customers, we see opportunities to collaborate with our broad supplier base and create solutions that help us both. The work we did together last year was very meaningful. We will look to build on this in 2016.
There’s still more work to do. We’re focused on delivering value in everything that we do. I’m confident our employees are positioning our company for continued progress.
2

 Yet global overcapacity remains a significant challenge. And
it continues to rise. We believe market-distorting practices by foreign governments and steel companies drive this growth, not market demand. That is why our company has taken a leadership position in the fight against unfair trade. We are using every tool at our disposal. That includes filing three
trade cases in the United States in 2015. We were also vocal advocates for the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) bill. Signed by President Obama in June, TAA reauthorizes an essential program to support workers affected by unfair trade. It also clarifies the injury standard in unfair trade cases for the first time since 1979.
These steps represent important progress in efforts to create the level playing field we are entitled to by law. However, the fight is far from over and we will remain aggressive.
In closing, I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their support. It was a challenging year. No one will disagree. Our customers, suppliers, employees, unions, lenders and stockholders are all committed to a common cause. We want U. S. Steel to return to the ranks of true business icons.
That means a successful, respected, trusted, safe, ethical, collaborative and innovative company. We have made significant progress thanks to the support we’ve received from our stakeholders.
This year marks another special moment in our company’s history – our 115th anniversary. Not many companies today can claim such a distinction. Even fewer companies can say they’ve played a role in building and defending a nation. We’ve done that, too. Our products remain the backbone of iconic U.S. landmarks across our country. While the products we make today are different, what we make and why we do it are no less important. Steel surrounds us. It makes daily life safer, easier and better. And steel’s possibilities for the future are endless.
We’ve faced similar challenges in the past and adapted at each turn. As we write the next chapter in U. S. Steel’s story, we do so firmly committed to our Carnegie Way transformation. The path ahead won’t be easy, but we will continue our relentless pursuit of what we believe will lead to better days for all of us.
Sincerely,
Mario Longhi
President and Chief Executive Officer
  President and CEO Mario Longhi listens to presentations in the War Room at Mon Valley Works’ Irvin Plant on January 28, 2016.
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 3
 