 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
In one of the most challenging years ever for the energy industry, Xcel Energy proved it has staying power. Your company delivered solid financial results, grew its businesses and strengthened its position among global energy companies. We successfully integrated New Century Energies and Northern States Power Co. and put together a leadership team dedicated to delivering long-term value for you, our shareholders.
I’m proud of our accomplishments, especially in light of the year’s events.
In 2001, the energy industry experienced:
– enormous price swings on the wholesale electric market;
– significant new initiatives from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC);
– uncertainty surrounding the deregulation of the electric market that caused many states to delay their efforts;
– a softening economy that slowed customer growth;
– the bankruptcy of Enron; and
– increased concerns about credit quality and accounting issues.
While each event had ramifications for Xcel Energy, the company has an even longer list of achievements. In 2001, the Xcel Energy team:
– met its earnings target, due in part to strong results from its marketing and trading effort and the contribution of NRG Energy, its largest non- regulated business;
– delivered dividends of $1.50, which is a payout ratio of 65 percent;
– proposed creating an independent transmission company with five other utilities;
– added more than 91,000 new natural gas and electric customers;
– successfully participated in the deregulated electric market outside its service territory;
– reduced the number and duration of electric outages;
– completed a six-year effort to repower its decommissioned nuclear plant Fort St. Vrain with natural gas;
WAYNE BRUNETTI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, IS SHOWN AT XCEL ENERGY’S HENNEPIN ISLAND PLANT, ONE OF 35 HYDRO PLANTS OWNED AND OPERATED
BY THE COMPANY.
COMPARATIVE YIELDS at December 31, 2001
(in percent)
6
5
4
3
2
1
0
1.93
3.21
4.70 5.40
5.81
           2
Six-month Two-year CD Treasury
EEI Xcel Electrics Energy Average Dividend
20-year Treasury
Dividends
  
– expanded its already impressive portfolio of wind generation, with a goal of having 500 megawatts on line by the end of 2002, making Xcel Energy one of the top wind utilities in the nation;
– received national recognition for its Wind Source program;
– initiated a major effort to standardize operating procedures through state-
of-the-art technology;
– achieved merger synergies of more than $50 million; and
– pledged $3.5 million to the United Way, among other efforts to support the communities in its service territory.
Xcel Energy also received recognition in 2001 for financial results. Your company was added to the Dow Jones Sector Titans Indexes, a family of 18 indexes that represent the leading global companies in several stock market sectors. We ranked 55th in Barron’s 500 top-performing companies based on a mix of stock market data, cash flow analysis and revenue growth figures. And Forbes.com listed Xcel Energy as a “top stock” based on the number of times it received “buy” recommendations from the top-performing investment newsletters.
From a financial perspective, Xcel Energy began the year anticipating 2001 earnings of $2.20. Due to high power prices, primarily in the West, the marketing and trading group made an exceptionally strong showing during the first quarter, and the company revised its earnings forecast to $2.30 per share, which it met. Earnings per share from ongoing operations were $2.31 in 2001, an increase of 9 percent over 2000 results. Even with lower power prices and lower earnings from marketing and trading, Xcel Energy expects to achieve earnings of $2.40 to $2.50 in 2002.
Over the next several years, the company expects to grow its earnings per share at an average of 7 to 9 percent per year. This growth reflects the strength of our traditional utility operations and numerous recent changes in the energy sector, including the lower valuation of independent power producers (IPPs). Xcel Energy’s IPP subsidiary, NRG Energy, has been affected by these changes.
NRG was created in 1989 to build additional shareholder value as a growth company in the energy sector. NRG’s management team has grown the company rapidly and today it is the third-largest IPP worldwide, with almost 20,000 megawatts of power generation. Weighing numerous factors, including the current and anticipated IPP valuations, the potential for credit rating agency action that would lower bond ratings and NRG’s financing needs, Xcel Energy’s board of directors approved an exchange offer to acquire all of the outstanding publicly held shares of NRG as a way to increase Xcel Energy shareholder value. In order to provide capital to infuse into NRG and reduce its debt leverage, Xcel Energy completed a successful $500-million stock issuance in February. Pending successful completion of the exchange offer, Xcel Energy will invest $600 million of equity into NRG. It will focus NRG primarily on managed growth within the United States, a stronger balance sheet, cost savings opportunities and reduced dependence on external financing. NRG’s contribution to Xcel Energy’s earnings is expected to grow about 15 percent per year.
500
400
300
200
100
0
97 98 99 00 01
XCEL ENERGY
WIND GENERATION ON LINE in megawatts
  348 316
469
     138
  25
 XCEL ENERGY PURCHASES WIND POWER FROM THE LLANO ESTACADO WIND RANCH NEAR WHITE DEER, TEXAS.
   
TRANSLINK, OUR PROPOSED INDEPENDENT TRANSMISSION COMPANY, WILL INCLUDE 29,000 MILES OF TRANSMISSION LINE AND SERVE 6.9 MILLION CUS- TOMERS IN 14 STATES, MAKING IT ONE OF THE LARGEST TRANS- MISSION COMPANIES IN THE NATION. IT WILL LINK TO 35,000 MEGAWATTS OF GENERATING POWER.
As Xcel Energy strives to maximize the value of NRG, the company also is working to manage other assets to their full potential. In response to a FERC order requiring utilities to separate the management and operation of their transmission assets from the rest of their businesses, we filed a request with federal regulators to create an independent transmission company called TRANSLink Transmission Co. We are proposing to combine our transmission system with those of five other utilities into a single, coordinated system.
Under the proposal, pending before the FERC, Xcel Energy would continue to own its existing transmission system, but would enter into a 10-year agreement with TRANSLink to operate the system. A for-profit, independent company will provide greater value for you, generate annual operating savings, encourage new transmission investment and improve the efficiency and reliability of the system.
Considerable room exists in the industry for consolidation, which will result in lower costs and better service. Right now, Xcel Energy employs a “plug-and-play” strategy. The company is working diligently to standardize practices and systems so it has the flexibility needed to take advantage of anticipated consolidation in the industry. If an opportunity presents itself that increases shareholder value, Xcel Energy will be ready to act quickly.
Xcel Energy’s game plan for the future reflects the same approach: maximizing existing assets, while preparing for future opportunities.
The first component of the plan is to grow our energy supply business. When Xcel Energy completed the repowering of Fort St. Vrain, the company increased the plant’s capacity by more than 400 megawatts, which is equivalent to adding a medium-sized power plant. This year, a similar repowering will be completed at the Black Dog coal-fired facility. Crews will replace two coal-fired units with a natural gas combined-cycle system, boosting the plant’s output by more than 100 megawatts.
Xcel Energy also will evaluate adding generating assets within its geographic area or seek strategic partners for development and investment. In the past year, legislation was passed in Colorado and Minnesota that improved procedures for siting new plants and transmission lines to ensure a reliable source of energy in the future.
As Xcel Energy grows its energy supply capacity, it is aligning other parts of the business to support that strategy and exiting non-strategic businesses. A good example was the sale in 2001 of its ownership in Yorkshire Power, a distribution and supply company in the United Kingdom. Although Yorkshire is an excellent company, it was no longer compatible with our strategy. We continue to evaluate each of our smaller businesses to determine their strategic fit in the Xcel Energy business portfolio.
Xcel Energy also is working to implement a regulatory model across its service territory that will better reward operational excellence. Often referred to as performance-based regulation (PBR), the system allows utilities to retain more earnings if they exceed certain performance standards. The company has been
   
 successful in North Dakota with the system and plans to pursue it in other jurisdictions. In Colorado, we are seeking adjustments to the existing PBR model as part of a required rate case that will be filed in 2002.
Finally, Xcel Energy is going to deliver on its promises to stakeholders – its customers, employees and shareholders.
Among the company’s most significant and successful customer care initia- tives is its work to help customers conserve energy and manage energy use. Over the past decade, Xcel Energy has built one of the most aggressive energy conservation efforts in the country, which remains a vital part of its energy plan. We also recognize that customers want options – from how they pay their bills to how they interact with us. A number of efforts are under way to make customer contacts as convenient, friendly and informative as possible. In 2001, when natural gas prices were high, Xcel Energy employees worked closely with customers to help them cope with high energy bills. The company contributed to energy assistance programs, offered low-interest loans for energy conservation and worked one-on-one to design payment schedules for individual customers.
Our promise to employees is to provide an environment that fosters their growth and development. Employees are featured in this year’s annual report because they are essential to our staying power. They have the expertise, work ethic and commitment to customers and shareholders that distinguish Xcel Energy as one of the finest companies in the industry.
One of those employees was Chairman Emeritus Jim Howard, who retired in 2001. Jim dedicated his career at both NSP and Xcel Energy to positioning the company for success in a competitive environment. We are grateful for his accomplishments, and wish him a long and happy retirement.
Going forward, we too will strive to ensure Xcel Energy’s long-term success. Because Xcel Energy is built on tried and true fundamentals, we are confident that your company can prosper in the ever-changing energy marketplace and deliver value for you. Our promise to you, our shareholders, is to work diligently to continue to earn your trust and support, the ultimate measure of Xcel Energy’s staying power.
Sincerely,
Wayne H. Brunetti
Chairman, President and CEO
 ENERGY SUPPLY Fuel Source
         Coal 50% Nuclear 11% Gas & Oil 10% Renewables* 2% Purchases 23%
Manitoba Hydro Purchases 4%
*Renewables include wind, hydro and biomass
XCEL ENERGY BENEFITS FROM A BALANCED PORTFOLIO OF ENERGY SOURCES.
5
 