 Letter to Shareholders
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and CEO
 Dear fellow shareholders:
Once again, Xcel Energy demonstrated that we deliver results and are ready for a rapidly changing energy marketplace. 2014 was another outstanding year in which we achieved strong financial and operational performance and executed well on
our strategies to meet the changing needs of our customers, position us for success and build value for you.
We chose Forging Our Path as the theme of this report to capture the forward-thinking approach that is our hallmark. Whether it’s building our renewable energy portfolio, reducing carbon emissions or advocating for regulatory change to support our plans for meeting customers’ needs, we are looking toward the future. Today, we are moving forward with confidence and a focused plan—forging our path to success.
Delivering strong financial results
Year after year, we’ve met or exceeded our financial targets, and 2014 was no exception. We reported ongoing earnings of $2.03 per share, compared with $1.95 per share in 2013, an increase of 4 percent.
Meeting your expectations is important to us, and I’m proud to say this was the 10th consecutive year we’ve met or exceeded our earnings guidance and
Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 1
  
 Delivering cleaner, more reliable options
With the skyline of Denver in the background, construction crews work at Xcel Energy’s Cherokee Generating Station, where the company is replacing three retired coal-fired units with a new natural gas plant as part of Colorado’s Clean Air-Clean Jobs effort.
In total, Xcel Energy is retiring six coal-fired units, converting another to natural gas and building the new natural gas plant. In addition to dramatically reducing air emissions, the project will boost reliability but have a minimal impact on customer rates. The project will contribute to a projected system-wide reduction in carbon dioxide emissions since 2005 of more than 30 percent by 2020.
 Xcel Energy
2 Annual Report 2014
 
 the fifth consecutive year we’ve delivered results in the upper half of our guidance range. Since 2005, in fact, we’ve achieved annual ongoing earnings growth of 6.5 percent.
We also increased your dividend 7 percent in 2014, marking the 11th consecutive year of dividend growth and more than meeting our growth target of 4 percent to 6 percent. Earlier this year, we increased the dividend 6.7 percent and raised our growth target to 5 percent to 7 percent, reflecting the confidence we have in our business plan and our financial flexibility.
Performance over time is proof of our ability to meet your expectations, but reaching challenging benchmarks also illustrates financial strength. In 2014, our stock price rose nearly 29 percent, the strongest annual increase in more than a decade.
Total return, which incorporates stock price performance and dividend payments, was an impressive 33.5 percent, the highest in more than 10 years, which exceeded the average of our peer group as well as the EEI Investor-Owned Electrics.
For the first time ever, we realized $1 billion in net income, a reflection in part of better-than-expected sales growth. Our market capitalization grew to almost $19 billion. Market capitalization is a function of our share price, which again hit record highs in 2014, enabling us to outperform our utility peer group and the broader market.
Finally, our balance sheet and credit metrics are strong, which allow us to access capital markets at attractive rates. That’s important because we plan to invest $14.5 billion over the next five years in our electric and natural gas businesses for stronger, more resilient energy systems.
We know you have options for your investment dollars, so we work hard to consistently meet our financial targets and deliver for you.
With an outstanding year behind us and good prospects for 2015, we are reaffirming our 2015 ongoing earnings guidance of $2.00 to $2.15 per share.
Operating milestones illustrate excellence
Our operating performance was equally
impressive in 2014, when we hit several significant milestones—starting with customer satisfaction. Among surveyed customers, 94 percent gave us positive marks for overall satisfaction, appreciating our concern for safety, support of renewable resources, reliable service, reasonable rates
and corporate citizenship.
We also demonstrated strong reliability performance. Among large electric utilities in the Midwest, Xcel Energy ranked second in J.D. Power’s 2015 Electric Utility Business Customer Satisfaction Study, which also indicated that each of our operating companies improved their performance.
In another milestone, Xcel Energy employees achieved their best safety performance ever, with injuries down 21 percent. That puts us in a strong position to achieve a first-quartile industry ranking and is a tribute to the diligence of employees and our Journey to Zero safety initiative.
For an entire decade, we’ve been the No. 1 provider of wind energy in the nation, according to the American Wind Energy Association. We set a record for wind generation produced in one hour in 2014 and met 15 percent of electric demand with wind
Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 3
 
power. Xcel Energy is a leader in integrating wind energy with its other resources, and I am most proud of the fact that we deliver it at an affordable price, which is fundamentally important to customers.
To meet the need for clean energy, we also are
on a path to reduce carbon emissions more than
30 percent compared with 2005 levels by 2020, a milestone that makes us an industry leader in carbon reduction. As the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) prepares to finalize new rules around carbon, we are working with the Agency and our states to maximize the value of our clean energy leadership by advocating for recognition of the
early action we’ve taken to reduce air emissions.
On the natural gas side of our business, we replaced the last remaining cast iron pipe on our system, a major milestone in our effort to modernize for safety and reliability. We also completed a 35-mile natural gas transmission pipeline on time and on budget to bring natural gas to our Cherokee Generating Station as part of its conversion to natural gas. Although it’s difficult to convey the complexity of these projects, the team working on the Cherokee pipeline dealt with an historic flood, negotiated a red-tailed hawk nesting area and crossed three interstate highways, nine canals and one river. We know how to get these projects done and done right, even as new requirements and challenging conditions increase their complexity.
We also stand out in operating our electric transmission system and managing a large upgrade and construction effort. In 2014, we energized
14 new substations and placed more than 760 miles of new transmission lines into service across our operating companies. We rebuilt and upgraded
190 miles of existing transmission lines, totaling about $1 billion in capital projects. Xcel Energy, in fact, is one of the largest builders of 345-kilovolt
Xcel Energy
4 Annual Report 2014
  Relying on renewable energy
Xcel Energy purchased power analysts visit Limon III,
a Colorado wind farm that supplies the company with wind power. The purchased power team negotiates and manages hundreds of contracts, enabling Xcel Energy to remain the No. 1 provider of wind energy in the country, a distinction the company has held for 10 consecutive years. Most important, Xcel Energy is delivering wind at a competitive price for customers.
  The team includes (from left) Jessica Collins, Andy Sulkko, Tim Kawakami, Steve Wilson, Christina Falce, John Ault and Kathleen Little.
Xcel Energy also continues to add solar resources to its energy mix. In southwest Colorado’s San Luis Valley, the Greater Sandhill solar farm is one of four large-scale facilities that supplies the company with solar power. According to the Solar Electric Power Association, the company in 2014 was among the top 10 U.S. utilities with the most solar capacity.

    Resources for the future
Because customers have told us they want greener, cleaner energy at a reasonable cost,
we are expanding our renewable energy portfolio and reducing our reliance on coal.
In the Upper Midwest, for example, we are proposing to double our renewable resources
and reduce carbon emissions 40 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. That will result in a balanced energy mix that is 63 percent carbon free.
Upper Midwest Resource Plan
29%
 8%
 28%
 35%
  63% Carbon Free
Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 5
 Natural Gas Nuclear
Renewables
Coal

Agassiz Valley Grain is a new Xcel Energy natural gas customer in Barnesville, Minn.
 Xcel Energy
6 Annual Report 2014
 
transmission in the country, and we do it well, with our average cost per mile for new transmission below the national average.
Innovation is important to our success, and
our customers look to us for solutions. I was especially pleased this year to announce our first-in-the-nation Clean Energy Partnership with the city of Minneapolis and CenterPoint Energy. This partnership represents a new, collaborative approach to helping the city and its residents— our customers—meet aggressive climate and energy goals, while providing a renewed franchise agreement for our service. Working together, we can execute constructive solutions that make our communities strong and vibrant, a working model that charts a great path for us.
Our customers rely on us for energy conservation solutions, too, and we’ve been delivering for more than two decades. In 2014, customers who took advantage of our energy efficiency programs saved enough electricity to power almost 114,000 homes for a year and enough natural gas to serve more than 17,000 homes for a year. In terms of long-term performance, these programs since 1992 have reduced enough electric demand to enable us
to avoid building 16 mid-sized power plants.
Looking to the future with
optimism and a solid plan
Building from a foundation of financial and operational success, we are optimistic about the future. We have a solid and comprehensive plan that will keep us strong and on the leading edge as the energy landscape continues to evolve. We will take advantage of the opportunities those changes offer for our customers and for you.
  Growing our business
to serve customers
As part of its strategic plan for the future, Xcel Energy is exploring growth opportunities in the natural gas business. In 2014, the company expanded natural gas service to three Minnesota communities, including Barnesville, Minn.
At Agassiz Valley Grain in Barnesville, General Manager Dan Noreen (above, right) was pleased to switch from propane to natural gas to fuel the company’s grain drying operation. “It’s a safer product for us to work with,”
he said. “It’s a little more dependable and reliable...and natural gas is going to have some cost savings for us long term.”
Residential customers should also see significant savings,
according to Xcel Energy’s Gerry Traut (above, left). “The average customer who has been using propane for
heating their home is going to see savings of around $1,000 a year, based on the 2013 – 2014 winter propane prices.”
Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 7
 
 Investing in the future
To ensure safe, reliable energy well into the future and to deliver renewable energy, Xcel Energy in 2014 invested about $1 billion in its transmission system, constructing new lines and substations as well as rebuilding and upgrading the existing system. The company is one of the largest builders of 345-kilovolt transmission lines in the country, with an average cost per mile for new transmission below the national average.
To compete in a competitive transmission market, Xcel Energy formed three independent transmission companies that will pursue projects that make sense for customers and build value for shareholders.
 Xcel Energy
8 Annual Report 2014
 
    Improve utility performance
Improving the performance of our operating companies is a key element of our plan. We want to improve our ability to earn our authorized return on equity (ROE) in each operating company, cutting in half the gap between earned and authorized returns. It’s an aggressive goal, but we are on a path to realize it.
One of the most effective ways to improve ROE is to establish longer-term regulatory agreements, which would provide price certainty for customers and give us greater leeway to implement projects, respond to regulation and reduce risk.
Changing a regulatory compact takes time and concerted effort but we’re making progress. In Colorado, regulators approved a three-year rate plan, renewing a long-term agreement we’d already established and demonstrating that a long-term approach is sustainable when we work constructively with stakeholders. In Texas, we proposed legislation that would allow us to recover
costs more quickly, which then enables us to make further investments in our system.
In Minnesota, where the desire for change is perhaps the greatest, we worked collaboratively with a group of energy companies, environmental policy groups and others to propose a better way to align the energy policies our customers want with the rates and recovery needed to make those policies possible. Xcel Energy followed
up on the group’s recommendations—called
the e21 Initiative—with a roadmap for advancing the e21 vision that we filed with regulators.
Achieve operational excellence
Achieving operational excellence, another element of our plan, is an increasingly challenging goal that we recognize requires new tools and approaches in a competitive environment. As a result, we’ve launched a major effort focused on leveraging technology to improve our processes and change the way we work.
Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 9
 
A key component of that approach is changing our corporate culture to think and act competitively. In many ways, the timing is right for change because we are experiencing a major transition in our workforce as baby boomers retire. Our goal is a workforce that is more engaged than ever and ready for competition.
Meanwhile, we continue to rely on fundamentals such as controlling costs and satisfying customers. We want to keep the growth of our operating and maintenance costs between 0 percent – 2 percent, and we want to keep customer satisfaction high.
Expand customer options and solutions
Satisfying customers—another important part of the plan—means giving them what they need and more. This year alone we plan to invest more than $3 billion to keep our systems safe and reliable, which is fundamental in meeting customer needs. Beyond that, we are expanding our portfolio of renewable energy sources and developing new programs to give them more choices in the kind of energy they use and more options to save energy.
One of the best examples of our proactive approach for customers is a resource plan we proposed for the Upper Midwest that would double our renewable energy portfolio and reduce carbon emissions
40 percent by 2030. With carbon reduction as its driver, the plan gradually reduces our reliance on our coal-fired generating units but maintains a diversity of resources to keep costs reasonable. In the end, we would have an energy mix that
is 63 percent carbon free.
Invest for the future
In the fourth component of our strategic plan, we are making significant investments to upgrade and
Xcel Energy
10 Annual Report 2014
strengthen our energy systems and exploring other ways to grow our business and ensure long-term success.
The $14.5 billion of system investments we
are making over the next five years, for example, grow our rate base, or the value of our assets, by 4.7 percent annually. Beyond that, we are focusing in particular on growth opportunities in transmission and natural gas, businesses where we already have a lot of expertise.
In 2014, we created three independent transmission companies, or Transcos, to give us the flexibility
to compete in a competitive transmission market. With respect to transmission, we also are exploring opportunities through our operating companies in states that offer favorable regulatory frameworks. It’s a two-pronged approach that gives us the flexibility to choose projects that make sense
for customers and provide value.
While we are in the early days of pursuing growth in natural gas, we see great opportunities for new infrastructure as our industry works to address the EPA’s proposed carbon rules. We will be building infrastructure but also considering upstream investments, which means looking at the potential of investing in a natural gas transmission pipeline or perhaps natural gas reserves. Right now, we are expanding natural gas to communities previously served only by propane. In 2014, we added three Minnesota communities with more than 1,100
new customers and expected annual revenue of $600,000.
Promising options exist, and we are approaching them with the careful consideration we always bring to manage risk and ensure value for you.
 
 “When transferring from the Navy, I was looking for a company to challenge me and give me security like the military did,” Emerson said. “Xcel Energy did both those things and more than exceeded my expectations of a friendly, hard-working and innovative company. I have greatly enjoyed my time with this company and look forward to many more great years.”
 Hiring the very best
Employee Andrew Emerson served five years in the Navy before working for Xcel Energy. The company strongly believes that military veterans bring outstanding technical and leadership skills to the workplace.
Xcel Energy’s goal is to ensure 10 percent of newly
hired employees are veterans. To achieve it, the company actively participates in job fairs and other outreach in the veteran community. Once veterans are on the job, we make every effort to ensure a smooth transition and
a welcoming environment.
 Xcel Energy
Annual Report 2014 11
 Employees make a difference
The success of our strategy depends in large
part on the expertise and determination of our employees, who have embraced the plan.
Every day, they demonstrate their commitment
to customers, understanding that their work is vital to the quality of people’s lives and the strength of their communities. In return, we strive to provide employees a safe and welcoming workplace, give them the tools they need to do their best work and ensure their compensation and benefits are fair.
In 2014, our employee recruitment effort placed special emphasis on hiring military veterans because we recognize that vets are a good fit at Xcel Energy, with outstanding technical and leadership skills among other attributes. Those efforts have garnered us recognition as one of G.I. Job’s Top 100 Military Employers for seven years in a row, a distinction that places us among the top 2 percent of employers dedicated to hiring veterans.

 Because our path forward relies on strong communities, we support them with employee volunteer activities, funding from the Xcel Energy Foundation and an impressive United Way campaign every year.
In 2014, the Xcel Energy Foundation contributed more than $3.4 million to promote workforce development, STEM education, environmental stewardship and access to the arts. Our United Way campaign resulted in more than $5.2 million benefitting the communities we serve.
Those community efforts are one of many reasons we have been included for eight years in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, a leading financial index of companies considered best in class for corporate economic, environmental and social performance.
Forging Our Path
As we move forward on our path, rest assured
that we will continue to take a leading role in caring for our communities, advocating for customers, collaborating with stakeholders and building value for you. Our performance over time, our ability to reach new milestones and our understanding of
a changing marketplace prove that Xcel Energy
is well-positioned for long-term success.
It’s a new day in the energy industry, and we are embracing the possibilities and making them work for you. We appreciate the trust you place in us and look forward to another outstanding year.
Sincerely,
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and CEO
Xcel Energy
12 Annual Report 2014
Strengthening electric transmission grid takes teamwork
As part of the CapX2020 initiative, crews completed a transmission line segment spanning 1.3 miles over the Mississippi River between Wabasha, Minn., and Alma, Wis. Crossing the river was not only technically challenging but also required input and approval from 10 regulatory agencies.
Xcel Energy is one of 11 transmission owning utilities that comprise CapX2020, which was formed to upgrade and expand the electric transmission grid to ensure continued reliable and affordable service. It represents the largest development of new transmission in the Upper Midwest in almost 40 years. The projects provide needed transmission capacity to support new generation options, including renewable energy.
