   deAr shAreholders:
Although a slow economy continued to
affect energy sales, 2009 was a good year for
Xcel energy. the company met its financial goals, achieved outstanding operational results and stayed true to its commitments to the environment and the community. Most important, we delivered value for you with a strong and growing dividend.
Connected, the theme of this report, illustrates the strength of our commitment to the customers who depend on us, the communities we call home and the clean energy future we work diligently to achieve. no matter the challenges, Xcel energy employees remain focused on those responsibilities. We stay connected, which is evident in our results.
Meeting our
finAnCiAl goAls
ongoing earnings for 2009 were $1.50 per share, compared with $1.45 per share in 2008. We met the mid-point of our ongoing earnings guidance of $1.45 to $1.55 per share and have, in fact, delivered earnings within our guidance range for the last five years in a row. our long-term goal is to increase earnings 5 percent to 7 percent annually. since 2005, ongoing earnings have increased 6.9 percent annually.
Although we experienced unfavorable weather conditions in 2009 and lower energy sales because of a sluggish economy, the results of various rate case settlements offset those negative impacts and enabled us to meet our earnings goal. looking ahead, our earnings guidance for 2010 is $1.55 to $1.65 per share. We do expect the economy to
Chairman and CEO Dick Kelly (left) and President and COO Ben Fowke
are pictured above. Fowke also is a member of Xcel Energy’s board of directors.
  
 continue to affect energy sales, with an economic recovery likely to take time.
We also increased the dividend by 3 cents, or 3.2 percent, in 2009, enabling us to meet our dividend growth goal of 2 percent to 4 percent. since 2005, the dividend has grown at a compounded average growth rate of 3.3 percent.
AChieving operAtionAl eXCellenCe
As we’ve reported for several years, Xcel energy’s corporate strategy is to meet customer needs
and grow our businesses through environmental leadership. in 2009, we completed several
major construction projects, which enabled us to deliver on those strategic goals. Because we accomplished those projects on time, on budget and safely, we also demonstrated a level of operational excellence that sets us apart.
in Minnesota, we completed the final portion
of a major emission-reduction project when we converted our riverside coal-fired plant to a natural gas-fired facility. the effort, which also included completely refurbishing another coal-fired plant and converting a third to natural gas, added about 300 megawatts of generating capacity and significantly reduced emissions. At riverside, for example, we virtually eliminated emissions of sulfur dioxide, particulate and mercury.
in Colorado, we successfully completed the addition of two natural gas-fired combustion turbines to our fort st. vrain generating station. the units, which add about 300 megawatts
of electricity, will enable us to reliably serve customers during periods of high electric demand.
Another Colorado effort, which began
start-up efforts earlier this year, is Comanche 3,
a 750-megawatt, coal-fired unit at our Comanche facility near pueblo. it’s a project we began several years ago after reaching a comprehensive settlement with several prominent environmental groups. We own 500 megawatts of the new unit and fit all three units with advanced emission- reduction equipment. As a result, we have
more than doubled the generating capacity of the entire Comanche facility, while lowering overall sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from the plant.
As part of the Comanche 3 effort, we also successfully completed construction of a major transmission project that included about 125 miles of new transmission lines and two substation additions. in Minnesota, we completed the final phase of a three-part project to increase our
wind outlet capability on the Buffalo ridge to 1,200 megawatts. At our southwestern public service Co., we constructed 23 miles of new transmission line ahead of summer’s high electric demand to support outlet of the hobbs generating station. overall, our transmission efforts also were completed on time, on budget and safely. those investments enable us to strengthen the
ConneCted • XCel energy 2009 AnnuAl report • 3
  
 Employees Robert Eveatt, plant specialist
B, (left) and Ron Lungu, superintendent, supplemental maintenance and construction, at the Comanche generating station
Opposite page: Employees Fred Arellano, plant director, Comanche station, (left) and Tim Farmer, Comanche unit 3 project director, at the Comanche generating station
  
 reliability of our system and increase our ability to add renewable energy to our portfolio of energy resources.
Building A CleAn
energy future
reducing emissions, adding renewable energy and working with customers to conserve energy are important parts of our effort to achieve a clean energy future. for Xcel energy, environmental leadership is more than just a promise. We have the results to prove our commitment—and every part of the effort creates value for you.
for the fourth year in a row, Xcel energy
was the no. 1 provider of wind energy in the nation, according to the American Wind energy Association. We had almost 3,200 megawatts of wind energy on our system at the end of 2009, with plans to have up to 5,000 megawatts on line by 2015. Although we purchase the majority of that wind power, we actually own about 127 megawatts of wind energy and plan to develop another
351 megawatts of owned wind in southwestern Minnesota and north dakota.
on the solar energy front, we are no. 5 in the nation for solar capacity and manage a fast-growing program called solar*rewards that offers rebates to residential and business customers for installing on-site solar systems. in 2009, we announced a partnership to build a 17-megawatt solar power plant in Colorado. We already purchase power from an 8.2-megawatt solar farm adjacent to the new facility. At the end of 2009, we had 40 megawatts
of solar energy on our system. By 2015, we plan to add up to 250 megawatts of concentrating solar power with storage capacity and an additional 200 megawatts of photovoltaics.
in Wisconsin, we received permission from the public service Commission to install biomass gasification technology at our Bay front power plant. the project will convert the plant’s remaining coal-fired unit to biomass gasification technology, allowing it to use 100 percent biomass in all three boilers and making it the largest biomass plant in the Midwest. We hope to complete the approval and engineering processes this year and begin construction in 2011 and commercial operations
in late 2012.
We are fortunate to operate in parts of the
country with abundant renewable resources,
and we leverage that advantage by investing in technologies to increase the viability of renewable energy. in Colorado, we are supporting an advanced solar testing and application center called solartAC that is designed to further the
use of solar power, and we are conducting a concentrating solar power thermal integration demonstration at one of our coal-fired facilities.
in Minnesota, we are testing the viability of storing wind power in large batteries. We also initiated a study to improve wind forecasting for the industry, allowing for better integration of wind energy.
our nuclear plants are vital to our environmental strategy, too, because they provide safe, reliable, reasonably priced electricity with no carbon emissions. in 2009, we continued to make progress in our effort to renew the operating
ConneCted • XCel energy 2009 AnnuAl report • 5
 
 licenses for the two units at the prairie island nuclear generating plant and to increase the plant’s generating capacity.
the Minnesota public utilities Commission (MpuC) approved our requests for additional
dry cask storage to accommodate 20-year life extension for each of the plant’s two reactors, allowing operation to 2033 and 2034. that decision is stayed until June 1 to allow Minnesota lawmakers to review it if they wish during their 2010 legislative session.
We also asked for MpuC approval to make plant modifications that would result in an additional 82 megawatts of generating capacity per unit, which would bring the total plant capacity to 1,264 megawatts. Meanwhile, the plant’s license renewal application awaits action by the federal nuclear regulatory Commission (nrC), which
is expected in 2010. if approved, we will then ask permission of the nrC to increase generating capacity.
Keeping CustoMers sAtisfied
Another powerful way to achieve a clean energy future is to work with customers to conserve energy and manage its use, an effort we’ve driven for more than two decades. in addition to the environmental benefits, customers save energy and money, and we avoid the need to build new power plants. since 1992, we estimate that customers have conserved enough energy
to avoid building 12 mid-sized power plants.
the reliability of our system is also important
to customers. in 2009, we more than met our reliability targets and achieved the best results we’ve seen in five years. our customer satisfaction levels were also strong. We exceeded our goal for residential customer satisfaction when 92 percent of customers gave us positive scores.
reliability and customer satisfaction
illustrate operational excellence. so do safety results. in 2009, we significantly reduced employee safety incidents, which is an ongoing effort we
take seriously.
CAring for
the CoMMunity
We also care about the communities in our service territory and contribute to their health
and well-being through Xcel energy foundation grants, in-kind donations to nonprofit organizations and matching gifts.
our employees are thoroughly connected to
their communities and contribute their time and energy in countless volunteer activities. they also contribute financially, in particular through the company’s annual united Way campaign. We are proud of the fact that despite a tight economy, our employees and retirees pledged $2.6 million to local united Way organizations in 2009, an amount that the company matched. they also greatly increased their volunteer efforts.
employees are the heart of Xcel energy’s connections. We achieved significant accomplishments in 2009 because we have outstanding employees. for example, they carefully managed costs during these difficult economic times without sacrificing reliability or customer service. they also completed an employee-driven effort called the performance excellence program (pep) that took a comprehensive look at how we operate. About 200 pep team members made many process improvements related to planning, productivity, increased revenues and customer service. since the completion of the project, we’ve incorporated pep concepts in each of our operating companies, where employees continue to look for efficiencies and operating improvements.
 
  Employees Ellen Stein, scheduler and planner, and Josh Foss, engineer, at the Riverside plant
ConneCted • XCel energy 2009 AnnuAl report • 7
  
   prepAred for
the future
looking ahead, we fully understand that it will require everyone’s effort to meet the challenges
we face as the economy slowly recovers. We will remain focused on achieving our financial goals
and delivering value for you. We also will work
hard to sustain operational excellence and honor our environmental and community commitments. Achieving those measures keeps us well-positioned for the future.
finally, we’d like to welcome Christopher policinski, president and Ceo, land o’ lakes, inc., and Kim Williams, retired senior vice president and partner, Wellington Management Corp., who joined our board of directors in 2009. We look forward to
their contributions.
As always, we appreciate your trust in us. rest assured we will work diligently to keep earning your confidence and deliver on our goals.
Employee Tim Harrington, maintenance man, (left) at the Riverside plant
Employee Jed Maly, repairman and operator, at the Riverside plant
ConneCted
We invite you to view Connected, a dvd that features Xcel energy employees who are committed to a
clean energy future, to their customers and to their communities. the dvd also includes profiles of Chairman and Ceo dick Kelly, president and Coo Ben fowke and
vice president and Cfo
dave sparby.
 sincerely,
richard C. Kelly Chairman and Ceo
Ben g.s. fowke president and Coo
    