  Ben Fowke,
Chairman, President and CEO
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
XCEL ENERGY’S COMMITMENT TO EXCELLENCE AND THE VALUES THAT HAVE MADE THIS COMPANY STRONG REMAINED THE FOCUS OF 2013, ANOTHER OUTSTANDING YEAR FOR US. WE MORE THAN MET OUR FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES, PROVED OUR OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND POSITIONED OURSELVES TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF PROMISING GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES. WE STRENGTHENED OUR STRATEGIC PATH FORWARD, MADE SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS IN THE ENERGY GRID AND DEMONSTRATED AN ENDURING COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP AND THE VITALITY OF THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE. MOST IMPORTANT, WE CAME THROUGH FOR CUSTOMERS UNDER CHALLENGING CIRCUMSTANCES BECAUSE WE HAVE THE BEST EMPLOYEES IN THE BUSINESS.
by 7 percent, reflecting the confidence we have in our business plan and our desire to continue to provide an attractive dividend yield.
Finally, our balance sheet and credit metrics are strong, which allow us to access capital markets at attractive
rates. That’s important because our success depends in part on the wise investments we continue to make in our electricandnaturalgasbusinesses.Our capital forecast over the next five years is more than $14 billion, which will result in stronger, more resilient energy systems.
Trusted is the theme of this report and not a word we
use lightly. But whether shareholders trust us with their investment or customers trust us to meet their 24/7 energy needs, we work hard all day, every day, to earn that trust. Our accomplishments in 2013 and our plans for the future prove that Xcel Energy delivers on its promises, making it a premium company well-positioned for long-term success. When it comes to building trust, those are the attributes that matter.
Meeting our financial goals
From a financial perspective, 2013 was another strong year. We grew ongoing earnings more than 7 percent to $1.95 per share, signifying the ninth consecutive year we’ve met or exceeded our earnings guidance and the fourth consecutive year we’ve delivered earnings in the upper half of our guidance range.
Each of our four operating companies experienced improved profitability, in part because we saw constructive rate case outcomes in several jurisdictions. Positive weather and lower interest expenses also contributed to good results.
We grew our dividend in 2013 for the 10th consecutive year and established a new dividend growth objective of 4 percent to 6 percent. Early in 2014, we actually increased the dividend
Given a successful 2013 and a promising 2014, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $1.90 to $2.05 per share.
Earning trust through performance
Running our business well is fundamental to the trust we establish with our stakeholders. In 2013, we demonstrated many times over that we can successfully complete complex projects and consistently manage day-to-day operations efficiently and effectively. We put the best processes and procedures in place to deliver strong performance and then measure our results in a variety of ways.
Our transmission business, where we managed
$1 billion of projects in 2013, offers a good example. Because we’ve developed strong expertise and resources and work collaboratively with our stakeholders, we only build transmission projects that truly deliver value for customers, and we build those projects efficiently. When we benchmark against others, the average cost of our 345-kilovolt projects is $1.7 million per mile, compared with a national average of about $2.1 million.
We also successfully completed the second year of a four-year effort to replace a natural gas pipeline that forms the backbone of our northern Colorado delivery system.
1
 XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

 On time and on budget, this project is part of an integrity management plan to improve public safety and reduce operating risk. A similar effort is on time and on budget in downtown St. Paul, Minn.
Results on the generating side of our business were
equally strong. In Texas, we added a fourth unit to our
natural gas-fired Jones generating station to meet growing electric demand in the area. That unit not only came in on time but substantially below our market estimate. Also on time
and on budget is our Clean Air Clean Jobs effort in Colorado to retire coal-fired plants, replace some of them with
natural gas and add advanced emission controls to others.
At our Monticello nuclear plant in Minnesota, we completed
a six-year project that replaced the majority of the plant’s significant equipment. The final cost of the project was
higher than anticipated because of design and scope changes, delays in the licensing process and installation complexities. But today Monticello is essentially a new facility, producing higher output levels for customers and ready to operate to
the end of its license period in 2030.
The same readiness is true for our two-unit Prairie Island nuclear plant. In 2013, we replaced steam generators on unit 2 and both units are ready to operate through 2033 and 2034, respectively. We expect our nuclear costs in general will stabilize and begin to decline after 2014, with both facilities safer, more reliable and more efficient than ever before.
While managing complex construction projects well is vital
to our future, we are equally committed to excellence in our day-to-day operations. At our power plants, for example, we’ve taken a one-fleet, centralized approach that has reduced unplanned outages by 40 percent, while substantially reducing operating and maintenance cost increases. Improving performance while managing our costs is a top priority for us, and we are working to apply these results to other parts of our business as well.
Likewise, our safety results are another measure of our
drive to excellence. In 2013, we had the lowest number of employee injuries in our history. That represents a 16 percent improvement in our OSHA safety incident rate compared with 2012 results and more than 40 percent improvement over the
 
 Place Bridge Academy in Denver is one of many Denver Public Schools (DPS) facilities taking advantage of Xcel Energy’s
Solar*Rewards® program, which offers customers incentives to install solar panels for their homes and businesses. “The Place Bridge Academy solar project is part of an overall renewable energy initiative in DPS,” said Jim Faes, DPS’ director
of sustainability. “DPS now has renewable energy providing 7 percent of the total energy used throughout the district.”
DPS has a good working relationship with Xcel Energy, according to Faes. “We rely on our energy provider in so many ways but particularly in the areas of energy pricing, dependability, communications, support and assistance in helping us become more efficient and conservative in our energy use,” he said.
  3
XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

  
  last five years. On the public safety side, we work with many different groups—from first responders to first graders—to teach them about natural gas and electric safety. While safety is an area where we can never let up, we are pleased to report that our focus is delivering results.
Looking ahead with optimism
Investments in our system, of course, provide organic growth for the long term, and we are looking ahead. As the economy continues to recover, we’ve identified other promising opportunities, particularly in our Southwestern Public Service Co. territory.
Major energy industry developments, especially in oil fields in Texas and southeastern New Mexico, could result in an estimated electricity demand of 500 to 900 megawatts over the next decade. That’s enough energy to serve 375,000 to 675,000 homes for a year. In 2013 alone, electricity demand increased almost 10 percent in the area.
Again, we are committed to building the right projects at
the right time to meet the needs of customers and ensure continued economic development and job growth. Since 2010, we’ve been actively planning, permitting and constructing new and upgraded power lines and substations.
In partnership with the city of Denver, Xcel Energy is testing LED streetlights in Denver’s Highlands neighborhood to determine their viability for customers. In recent years, this energy efficient lighting has made great strides in technology and application flexibility. In similar partnerships across its service territory, the company is gathering valuable information about how the lighting performs in a variety of situations and weather conditions.
Notably, “The partnership between Denver Public Works and Xcel Energy on the LED streetlight pilot project is already producing dividends,” said Jose Cornejo, the city’s manager of public works. “The Denver Police Department is reporting a dramatic reduction in nighttime crime in the pilot area, and we expect the cost savings to be equally as dramatic.”
Xcel Energy plans to increase its portfolio of wind energy by 40 percent, the company announced in 2013. In addition to its environmental benefits, wind energy saves customers money and provides a valuable hedge to the price of other, more volatile fuels.
5
  XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

 The need for new transmission infrastructure dovetails with new regulations coming from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) designed in part to initiate competition for certain transmission projects. To make sure we are ready to compete with others entering that market, we plan to establish a separate subsidiary that will enable us to build new transmission—in our own service territory or within our FERC regions—and get a solid return for our investment. Details are still unfolding around the FERC rules but we are approaching the opportunity proactively. As always, we want to leverage the skills and capabilities we have in abundance for the benefit of our customers and stakeholders.
Not surprisingly, the success of those efforts depends in part on regulatory rules. We’ve always recognized the importance of a constructive regulatory environment as well as the
need to lessen the impact of rate increases on customers. Our regulatory strategy has been built around aligning our investments with the interest of our stakeholders.
A good example is Minnesota, where we’ve made significant investments in wind energy. Policymakers support that investment because it addresses the state’s renewable energy and carbon goals. Customers benefit from the low, predictable production cost. And investors see the benefits of reduced environmental and operating risks associated with these
kinds of projects.
While those projects are valuable to stakeholders, they
create the need for rate increases. To moderate the effect
on customers, we’re asking for a multi-year increase in our latest Minnesota proposal. We believe multi-year plans, which we’ve seen in Colorado and recently received in North Dakota, provide the price certainty that customers need.
Strengthening the strategic path forward
More than anything, growing and changing customer needs drive our strategic path forward. It really is a new world for energy companies like ours, with a variety of competitive
 
 factors that have the potential to change our business over time.
Increasingly, customers want options in the ways they use energy and control their costs. With natural gas prices low and the price of renewable energy sources such as solar decreasing, customers are faced with more energy choices than ever before. Public policy around issues such as the environment also has the potential to make an impact on our business. And, again, regulators and customers are sensitive to rising energy prices, which requires us to be extra diligent in managing costs.
while continuing the drive to operational excellence, providing customers more choices, making smart investments that benefit both customers and shareholders and becoming more engaged than ever in understanding customer needs and addressing the interests of policymakers.
Building on our strong foundation of trust, we look forward to executing plans to drive us toward fulfilling that vision.
Investing in the energy grid
As we look ahead to a changing energy landscape, we become more cognizant of the value of our service and,
Fortunately, our customers look to us for solutions, and we intend to be there to supply them. Our vision is to be the preferred and trusted supplier of the energy our customers need, both today and tomorrow. We have focused our corporate strategy on controlling costs
Oil production in Texas and New Mexico increased electric demand in the area by almost 10 percent in 2013. Xcel Energy is planning, permitting and constructing projects for its distribution and transmission systems to meet that demand. Part of the plan includes establishing a separate TransCo subsidiary that will enable Xcel Energy to be in a strong position to benefit from this growing opportunity.
 7
XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

 in particular, the value of a strong energy grid. With the growing reality of smart appliances, distributed generating options such as wind or solar and the need for two-way communication with customers, the electric system needs to be more flexible and reliable than ever before.
Over the next five years, for example, we will be investing more than $3 billion in our electric distribution system to increase reliability, enhance the options we can offer to customers and integrate it with distributed generating sources. Those projects also will ensure the safety of our employees and the public and increase capacity to serve new customer growth. In addition to industrial growth in New Mexico and Texas, we are experiencing it in Wisconsin, where sand mining, established to serve the hydraulic fracturing industry, is increasing.
Demonstrating environmental leadership and community care
Looking ahead, we recognize that the utility industry will be making large investments to comply with new and expanding environmental regulations. In particular, we expect new carbon dioxide regulations to be introduced this year and finalized over the next two years that will make a significant impact on the industry. Because we’ve been proactive in our approach to environmental protection, we are ready for that carbon regulation and better situated to manage long-term environmental risk.
We acted early in converting and refurbishing power plants and today are well on our way to reduce carbon emissions about 30 percent by 2020 over 2005 levels. Staying ahead is especially important in this realm because as the rest of the industry works to comply with environmental regulation, the price of labor and materials will increase.
In another example of our proactive approach, Xcel Energy
has positioned itself as the No. 1 provider of wind energy in the nation, a ranking we’ve held for nine consecutive years.
In 2013, we announced plans to increase our wind portfolio by 40 percent, including two new wind farms in North Dakota and Minnesota that Xcel Energy will own. Given the current price of wind energy, this is an excellent way to protect customers
from rising fuel costs. In fact, we estimate the new wind projects will reduce customer costs by more than $900 million over the length of the contracts.
Because wind energy is variable, we must continually balance our system to integrate wind with the rest of our generating resources. To help in that process, we are using advanced wind forecasting tools that enable us to make better decisions in dispatching resources, which again saves money for customers.
The American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) in 2013 recognized our efforts to promote wind production when AWEA named us Utility of the Year. We obviously appreciated the designation but are particularly satisfied that we’ve determined how to make wind energy an affordable
option for customers.
In the community, Xcel Energy is a steadfast presence with notable employee volunteer activities, funding from the Xcel Energy Foundation and an impressive United Way campaign every year.
In 2013, the Xcel Energy Foundation contributed more than $4.1 million to promote job training and placement, science and math education, environmental stewardship and access to the arts. Our United Way campaign resulted in $5.3 million going to the community.
This year, we are gathering all of our community efforts under one umbrella called Positive Effect so we can better track and leverage our efforts. We think it’s important that more people understand and appreciate the positive effect we have on the community. As proof of that impact, we have been included for seven years in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, a leading financial index of companies considered best in class for corporate economic, environmental and social performance.
Celebrating the best employees in the business
We’ve always appreciated the fact that our employees are essential to our success—and 2013 gave them many opportunities to prove their commitment to customers.

  Xcel Energy customer Latisys is a leading national provider of hybrid cloud hosting and data center solutions to medium-sized businesses, enterprise customers and government agencies. Their data centers span the country with locations in each time zone, including Irvine, Calif., Chicago, Ill., Denver, Colo., and Ashburn, Va.
“Latisys established itself in Denver because it’s a great market for a growing IT community,” said Latisys Senior Vice President of Data Center Operations Corey Needles. “In addition to lower power costs, the geographic area is a low risk for extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, making it a great disaster recovery destination.” Reliability of service, price and a strong relationship are at the top of the list from Latisys’ perspective when it comes to their energy provider, according to Needles. He describes the company’s relationship with Xcel Energy as “very strong,” going on to say, “By implementing efficiency measures offered by Xcel Energy, we were able to reduce our overall power usage, which in turn lowers our impact on the environment.”
Jim Sack, Xcel Energy key account manager, worked with Needles and Latisys to coordinate new services in their most recent facility and help them choose the type of service that best fits their needs. He also helps identify and manage rebate programs for energy efficient equipment and provides ongoing information about any kind of work Xcel Energy might be doing on the electric system that could affect Latisys.
 9
XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

The weather was especially challenging, with blizzards, ice storms, thunderstorms and floods across our service territory. In every instance, employees worked around the clock to restore service. But we also put in considerable effort before bad weather hit to both keep the system strong and prepare for emergencies, which made a critical difference.
Sand mining is a growing customer segment for Xcel Energy in Wisconsin. At the Hi-Crush Augusta sand plant near Augusta, Wis., reliability of service, the ability to meet construction times and engineering flexibility are important factors in the company’s relationship with its energy provider, according to Chad McEver, vice president of business development. “A growing partnership” is how McEver describes the company’s relationship with Xcel Energy. Since 2010, Xcel Energy’s sand mine accounts have grown from four customers to 22 customers, with electric demand growing from 6 megawatts to 30 megawatts. Five additional plants will be constructed this year.
In some cases, sand mining companies have chosen Xcel Energy over other energy providers because of our competitive price, timely response to their requests for cost estimates, construction resources to help them meet aggressive in-services dates and the ability to give them timely information necessary to make good decisions.
In the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul, for example, three back-to-back storms knocked out power to more than 600,000 customers in June. Because we prepare in advance for events like these, we were able to quickly determine what outside resources would be needed and called in crews from 16 states, including Minnesota. We had 96 percent of
customers restored in three days and
all customers in six days, an impressive accomplishment. We also took advantage of new technology that enabled us to confirm customers were back in service instead of sending crews to those locations. As a result, we were able
to improve restoration time by one
day and save more than $1 million
in restoration costs.
To recognize that achievement, the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) gave us an EEI Emergency Response Award.
Crews were equally responsive when an historic flood in Colorado devastated
 
   11
XCEL ENERGY
ANNUAL REPORT 2013

 When Xcel Energy replaced its coal-fired High Bridge generating plant with a new combined-cycle natural gas-fired facility, the company worked with the city of Saint Paul to develop a dog park on seven acres of land that were part of the former plant grounds. “We have an outstanding relationship with Minnesota’s capital city,” said Xcel Energy’s John Marshall, manager, community relations. “The city really needed an off-leash park where dogs could run free. We love the idea that land that formerly housed a coal-fired facility is now a green space for Saint Paul’s dogs and a gathering place for the community. It perfectly captures Xcel Energy’s commitment to environmental leadership and community care.”
a number of communities as well as significant natural gas infrastructure, including key natural gas transmission pipelines. Outstanding coordination and communication with customers and public officials enabled us to speed recovery efforts.
We regained full winter capability in only six weeks, another impressive accomplishment.
As good as our employees are, we estimate that about
50 percent of them will be eligible to retire over the next
10 years. We have a number of efforts under way to help capture their knowledge and expertise before they leave.
But we also look at that transition as an opportunity to reshape our workforce, making it even more efficient and effective.
Returning veterans will be an important part of that future workforce. With an impressive record of working with the military, we’ve been on the list of GI Jobs’ Top 100 Military Friendly Employers for the last five years, and we earned
the Most Valuable Employer for the Military designation by CivilianJobs.com. We partner with a number of organizations to identify and recruit qualified candidates, and veterans already make up 12 percent of our workforce. Hiring veterans is a priority.
At its most fundamental, our commitment to employees is to provide a safe and welcoming environment, where they can do their best work. We strive to ensure they have the tools they need and that their compensation and benefits are fair. None of that will change as we navigate the coming workforce transition.
Trusted
As we embark on another good year, we are keenly aware of our responsibility to you. All of our efforts are designed to build shareholder value, and we believe we are indeed positioned for success.
We appreciate the confidence you have in us, and, again, we will work hard to earn your trust every day.
Sincerely,
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and CEO
