2

E X X O N M O B I L C O R P O R AT I O N  ·  2 0 0 9 S U M M A R Y A N N U A L R E P O R T

To Our Shareholders
ExxonMobil's 2009 results demonstrated again the strength of our business model and our ability to excel under even the most challenging economic conditions. We confirmed once again that we are committed to a long-term vision of investing with discipline, improving operational efficiency, and increasing shareholder value. In the midst of the global economic downturn of the past year, all three of our businesses ­ Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical ­ continued to lead the industry worldwide in performance. Earnings were $19 billion. Return on average capital employed (ROCE) was 16 percent. Cash flow from operations and asset sales was $30 billion. For our shareholders, our leadership in 2009 has allowed us to return value to them. Through our dividends and share buybacks, our Corporation distributed a total of $26 billion to our shareholders in 2009. Over the past five years, we have distributed a total of more than $150 billion to our shareholders. Energy is the lifeblood of modern economies. For this reason, ExxonMobil continues to invest for the long term, secure in the belief that economic growth will return. In 2009, our capital and exploration expenditures were $27 billion. Over the next five years, we will continue to invest record amounts, more than $125 billion, to advance new technologies, deliver new Upstream projects, increase production of higher-value refined products, and grow our Chemical business. Another important measure of our long-term commitment to excellence is our industry-leading safety record. In 2009, we achieved best-ever lost time incident rates for our combined employee and contractor workforce. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to improving environmental performance and reducing environmental impacts. In 2009, we recorded zero spills from company owned and operated marine vessels and reduced Upstream hydrocarbon flaring by over 20 percent. For our Upstream business, 2009 was a strong year. Together with our partners, we started up eight major projects in the United States, the United Kingdom, Norway, Italy, and Qatar. These projects not only deliver new supplies of crude oil and natural gas to the world, but also provide significant value for resource owners and for our shareholders.

E X X O N M O B I L C O R P O R AT I O N  ·  2 0 0 9 S U M M A R Y A N N U A L R E P O R T

3

In 2009, ExxonMobil and XTO Energy announced an all-stock transaction that will enhance ExxonMobil's position in the development of unconventional natural gas and oil resources. We are confident that the combination of our complementary strengths will open new opportunities to meet growing global energy demand and build value for our shareholders. In our Downstream and Chemical businesses, we have maintained our long-term strategic approach during the recent economic downturn. Around the world, we continued to capture new efficiencies and benefit from our integration and operating flexibility, helping us to maximize the value of our assets and resources. In 2009, in the growing Asia Pacific market, we and our partners successfully started up China's first integrated refining and petrochemical complex with foreign participation. We remain focused on operational excellence and the disciplined execution of our business strategies, which position us well for the future. Underpinning success across all of our businesses is our commitment to technology. We have invested more than $4 billion in research and development over the last five years. These investments have led to several technological breakthroughs that enable us to map undersea reservoirs, drill horizontally under arctic oceans, and efficiently transport cleaner-burning natural gas to markets worldwide. We have also worked with vehicle manufacturers to improve fuel economy through advanced plastics, new tire-lining technology, and synthetic lubricants. In 2009, we launched a multimillion dollar research initiative with Synthetic Genomics Inc. to explore the development and commercialization of algae-based biofuels. Through these efforts and many others, ExxonMobil is engineering integrated solutions to help meet the world's growing energy needs while managing emissions.

Of course, none of our Corporation's technological advances ­ or our industry-leading operational excellence ­ would be possible without the talented men and women of ExxonMobil. Our success and our innovations are driven by their ingenuity and dedication. Year after year, they prove they care not just about results, but how those results are achieved. Their dedication to upholding our high ethical standards for business wherever ExxonMobil operates and their unending diligence to protect people, communities, and the environment are essential to our continued success. Our National Content strategy enables us to make a positive change in the communities in which we operate, by opening doors of opportunity in host nations to promote economic development by employing and training local workforces and investing in infrastructure projects to support education and healthcare. As the world recovers from the current economic downturn, ExxonMobil will continue to look beyond the current business environment and focus on long-term business success and long-term growth in shareholder value. We will continue to pursue opportunities to enhance our portfolio to ensure our businesses remain well-positioned to deliver industry-leading performance at the top and bottom of the business cycle. We remain committed to meeting future growing energy demand through long-term planning, disciplined investment, operational excellence, and strong technological leadership. On behalf of the men and women of ExxonMobil, I am grateful to our shareholders who have placed their trust and confidence in us. We look forward to the successes to come.

Rex W. Tillerson Chairman and CEO

ExxonMobil has a steadfast commitment to the business principles that have proven successful for over 125 years. Our business approach ­ effective long-term risk management, disciplined capital investment, enduring business controls, and an unwavering commitment to safe and reliable operations ­ sets us apart from industry competition and allows us to continue to grow long-term shareholder value.

