2

E X XO N M O B I L

2 014

S U M M A R Y

A N N U A L

R E P O R T

To Our Shareholders

ExxonMobil is dedicated to generating long-term shareholder value. We recognize the nature and risk of the commodities we produce and have positioned our businesses to be successful throughout the business cycle. We provide industry leadership and innovative technologies to meet the world's greatest challenge ­ supplying the energy needed to improve and sustain the lives of billions of people while protecting the environment for future generations. Our business approach enables us to maintain strong financial results throughout a cyclical business environment and remain the partner of choice for resource owners across the energy value chain. As you will read in the coming pages, our success is achieved through our operational excellence, project execution capabilities, and the application of new technologies, underpinned by strong financial flexibility, investment discipline, and a world-class workforce.

esults from 2014 reflect our continued ability to capitalize on the strength of our integrated businesses and the talents of the 75,000 men and women who work for ExxonMobil. Our people are committed to the highest standards of business conduct and integrity in the pursuit of premier results. We delivered solid financial and operating results despite challenging and volatile economic and geopolitical conditions, as highlighted by earnings of $32.5 billion and an industry-leading return on average capital employed of 16.2 percent. Production of 4 million oil-equivalent barrels per day was in line with our plans as we added new volumes from project start-ups and work programs. We invested in attractive opportunities with capital and exploration expenditures of $38.5 billion. Cash flow from operations remained strong, enabling us to achieve shareholder distributions of $23.6 billion in the form of dividends and share purchases to reduce shares outstanding. Over the past five years, ExxonMobil has distributed an industry-leading $128 billion to shareholders, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. In achieving these results, we maintain an unwavering commitment to operational excellence and effective risk management that delivered strong environmental results and best-ever safety performance in 2014. We know that effective management of risk is an imperative to achieving our vision that Nobody Gets Hurt.

R

We delivered solid financial and operating results despite challenging and volatile economic and geopolitical conditions, as highlighted by earnings of $32.5 billion and an industry-leading return on capital employed of 16.2 percent.

We continue to successfully advance major resource development projects in the Upstream. ExxonMobil remains on target to grow production to 4.3 million oil-equivalent barrels per day by 2017, while maximizing profitability derived from resource quality, volume mix, improved fiscal terms, and reduced exposure to lower-margin barrels. Over the past year, we completed eight new major projects with more than 250 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day of working interest production capacity. Our liquefied natural gas project in Papua New Guinea represents one of several significant achievements and underscores ExxonMobil's expertise in major project development. The facilities were completed ahead of schedule and ramped up to full operational capacity in just three months. The benefits from the project have the potential to transform the country's economy, boosting GDP and revenues for social and economic programs. Other successful projects completed this year include Arkutun-Dagi in Russia; Cold Lake Nabiye Expansion in Canada; Lucius in the Gulf of Mexico; and Cravo-Lirio-Orquidea-Violeta (CLOV) in Angola. In the United States, ExxonMobil is increasing development activities to grow higher-margin liquids production across the Permian, the Bakken, and the Ardmore/Marietta plays. We continue to add attractive acreage to our portfolio and implement advanced technologies to improve well productivity and capture cost efficiencies. New project start-ups such as Banyu Urip in Indonesia; Kearl Expansion in Canada; and Hadrian South in the Gulf of Mexico will add significant volume in 2015. We also anticipate new production in the Gulf of Mexico, the United Arab Emirates, Australia, Kazakhstan, and Canada in 2016 and 2017. As we look beyond 2017, ExxonMobil has a deep and diverse portfolio of opportunities around the world, and a total resource base of more than 92 billion oil-equivalent barrels. We have unparalleled optionality to select and invest in only the most attractive resource development projects. In the Downstream and Chemical businesses, we continue to capture significant benefits by diversifying feedstocks through our flexible and integrated system, driving operational efficiencies, expanding logistics capabilities, and maximizing sales of higher-value lubricant, diesel, and chemical products.

3

Our capacity to process lower-cost ethane into ethylene already leads the industry in the United States. We are growing that leadership position with the expansion of our site in Baytown, Texas, by adding a 1.5-million-tonnes-per-year, worldscale ethylene plant, and building two of the largest premium polyethylene lines in the industry at the nearby Mont Belvieu Plastics Plant. Start-up is anticipated in 2017. In Saudi Arabia, we commissioned the Clean Fuels Project at the Saudi Aramco Mobil Refinery to reduce sulfur levels in gasoline and diesel by more than 98 percent to meet more stringent fuel standards in the Kingdom. We are also working with our joint venture partner, Saudi Basic Industries Corporation, to expand the chemical products manufactured in the region. A new world-scale, 400-thousand-tonnes-per-year facility, starting up in 2015, will provide a strategic platform to help meet the growing demand for specialty elastomers. In Antwerp, Belgium, at our largest and most cost-efficient refinery in Europe, we started construction to install a 50-thousand-barrel-per-day delayed coker to help meet growing demand for cleaner transportation fuels. The success of our integrated business is achieved by connecting the strengths of each of our individual businesses through our organization structure, systems, and work processes. The results allow us to maximize the value of every molecule we produce, refine, or manufacture. ExxonMobil achieves sustained competitive advantages by integrating knowledge of upstream supply sources with refining and chemical facilities, along with marketing expertise to optimize the conversion of crude oil, natural gas liquids, and intermediate streams to manufacture high-value products. Strategic decisions and successes across our business segments are based on a long-term view of the business and a commitment to effective risk management. We deliver growth in shareholder value by anticipating, planning for, and mitigating geopolitical risks and uncertainty throughout our broad, diversified global portfolio. Our investments are evaluated against a wide range of economic factors, including commodity prices and market demand, to ensure leading financial returns throughout the business cycle. Our Outlook for Energy long-term supply and demand forecast underpins our strategy and investment plans. With population growth, rising economic prosperity, and increasing trade and technology, we project global energy demand to grow 35 percent between 2010 and 2040. While our projections of the world's long-term demand for energy have not changed significantly, the current energy environment certainly has changed dramatically. Within the last decade, investments and technologies have unlocked an abundance of new supply sources. Today, many resource owners are competing for capital investments and expertise to develop their hydrocarbon endowments. ExxonMobil's technology leadership, financial strength, and major project execution capabilities enable us to pursue profitable, high-return opportunities as the partner of choice. These are just some of the endeavors that your investments in ExxonMobil have made possible. As you read this year's Summary Annual Report, you will see your Company at work in many other innovative and visionary ways as we expand the supply of energy needed to fuel global economic growth and enable broader human progress. In these endeavors, you may be assured that regardless of the business conditions presented to us, we will stay the course in pursuit of delivering long-term shareholder value.

Rex W. Tillerson, Chairman and CEO

