2

EXXONMOBIL

2013 SU M M A RY A N N U A L R EP O R T

To Our Shareholders
We maintain our steadfast commitment to generate long-term shareholder value by helping to supply the world's growing demand for energy. As you will read in the following pages, we achieved strong financial and operating results in 2013 and continued to advance a unique and balanced set of profitable growth opportunities across our businesses. Our success is underpinned by our strong safety performance, unwavering ethical behavior, good corporate citizenship, operational excellence, and technology leadership. Our efforts are helping to generate prosperity and improve living conditions for people around the world by providing safe, reliable, and affordable energy. Our Corporation achieved strong operating and financial performance this year despite global economic challenges and uncertainty. Earnings were lower in 2013, in line with industry conditions, while our leadership position within the industry continues in many key areas. In particular, a sustained focus on safety and the collective commitment of our employees and contractors around the world resulted in improved overall safety performance versus 2012. We also have maintained our relentless focus on operational excellence and risk management. We delivered earnings of $32.6 billion and a return on capital employed of 17 percent, which continues to lead our peer group and reflects the strength of our investment discipline, balanced portfolio, and integrated business model. Robust operating cash flow enabled us to fund $42.5 billion in capital and exploration expenditures to advance large, new projects and bring energy to world We delivered earnings of $32.6 billion and a return on markets, while distributing $25.9 billion to shareholders capital employed of 17 percent, which continues to in the form of dividends and share purchases to reduce shares outstanding. Over the last five years, ExxonMobil lead our peer group and reflects the strength of our distributed $131 billion to our shareholders, while dividends investment discipline, balanced portfolio, and integrated per share have increased by 59 percent, including an 11-percent increase in the second quarter of 2013. business model. In the Upstream, we have an industry-leading global resource base of more than 90 billion oil-equivalent barrels. In 2013, we continued to build our diverse, global portfolio by adding 6.6 billion oil-equivalent barrels. We also replaced 103 percent of our proved reserves, the 20th consecutive year our company has replaced more than 100 percent of our production. We continue to develop this resource base through safe and reliable execution of our major projects. We started up six major projects in 2013 with gross facility capacity of more than 930 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day, highlighted by the Kearl Initial Development in Canada. In addition, we continue to ramp up liquids production in North America through increased drilling activity in liquids-rich U.S. plays such as the Bakken, Permian, and Woodford Ardmore. Going forward, we are working to start up an additional 21 major projects by 2017, including Papua New Guinea Liquefied Natural Gas in 2014 and the Kearl Expansion project in 2015. We anticipate all of these projects will deliver 1 million net oil-equivalent barrels per day of production volumes by 2017. The new production we are bringing online from our major projects and other activities positions us to achieve profitable growth as our liquids and liquids-linked gas volumes as a percentage of total volumes are projected to increase to nearly 70 percent in 2017. Our successful exploration program continues to yield discoveries and new acreage additions that contribute to our large, global hydrocarbon resource base. Exploration discoveries in 2013 totaled 1.5 billion oil-equivalent barrels including finds in Australia, Canada, Tanzania, and the United States. In Tanzania, we are partnering with Statoil to explore and develop offshore fields that are estimated to hold as much as 20 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in place. We also continue to progress international unconventional resource opportunities in Argentina, Colombia, and West Siberia in Russia. We have begun preparations with Rosneft to begin drilling our first exploration well in the Kara Sea during 2014 in the Russian Arctic. Our technological leadership and arctic operating expertise will enable us to manage the harsh, challenging conditions to explore this highly-prospective region. In the largely untapped, high-potential northern Black Sea, we expect to progress exploration programs in Romania and Russia during the next several years. In the Downstream, ExxonMobil is the world's largest refiner. Our world-class refining assets are geographically diverse and highly integrated with chemicals and lubes manufacturing facilities. We are making targeted investments to strengthen the portfolio and increase production of high-value products, such as ultra-low sulfur diesel, jet fuel, and

3

lubricants, to meet growing consumer demand. We also continue ongoing investments to improve feedstock flexibility and energy efficiency, which in turn improves business profitability. ExxonMobil is also one of the world's largest chemical companies and manufactures a unique mix of commodity and specialty chemical products. We are strengthening our commodity business by making strategic investments that capture advantaged feedstocks, deploy lower-cost processes, and increase premium product sales. A good example is the recently completed Singapore Chemical Expansion project. This expansion builds on a large, integrated platform with advanced feedstock capability, and produces premium products to meet the demands of growing Asian economies. Another example is in Saudi Arabia, where ExxonMobil is partnering with Saudi Basic Industries Corporation to develop a specialty elastomers plant to serve growth markets in the Middle East and Asia. In the United States, we are progressing plans to construct a new world-scale ethane cracker and associated premium polymer capacity at our Gulf Coast facilities. The advanced technologies that enable us to find, develop, and produce energy sources, as well as manufacture transportation fuels and chemical products, are rooted in an ongoing commitment to research. With the ingenuity of our 18,000 scientists and engineers, and $1 billion annual investment in research and development, ExxonMobil is dedicated to pioneering the science and technology of energy. The methods the company employs to attain results are as important as the results themselves. We remain committed to being a responsible corporate citizen providing energy and products the world over to support economic improvement and enable social progress. Our own estimates of long-range energy demand suggest oil and natural gas will remain essential and growing sources of energy in the coming decades, even as societies address the risks associated with rising greenhouse gas emissions. We expect natural gas usage to grow faster than any other fuel type, and be a significant factor in helping reduce energy-related carbon dioxide emissions. Working with valued partners throughout our communities, we also support programs that target health issues such as malaria eradication, enhance math and science education, and develop economic opportunities for women. Essential to our success are the talented men and women of ExxonMobil and their dedication to the highest integrity and commitment to ethical behavior. From the way we design and operate our facilities, to how we engage our business partners, governments, and stakeholders, our commitment to integrity pervades everything we do. We maintain an unwavering focus on safety and environmental responsibility. Thank you for your investment in ExxonMobil. I appreciate the confidence investors have in our company, employees, and ability to deliver long-term shareholder value by supplying the world's energy needs. As you read this year's Summary Annual Report, you will see your investment dollars at work to help bring energy and greater prosperity to people, societies, and the world, and to discover the energy breakthroughs of tomorrow.

Rex W. Tillerson, Chairman and CEO

