2

ExxonMobil · 2011 Summary Annual Report

To Our Shareholders

ExxonMobil is proud to play a leading role in providing the energy the world needs to support economic growth, technological advancement, and the well-being of communities around the globe. We are dedicated to creating long-term investment value for all those who choose to place their trust in ExxonMobil by investing in our stock. As you will read in the pages that follow, we are well-positioned to generate shareholder value with distinct competitive advantages, a proven business model, and a steadfast commitment to the highest standards of ethics, safety, and corporate citizenship. Last year demonstrated the benefits of our approach by yielding strong operating and financial results that contributed to a robust total shareholder return of 19 percent. Our oil and gas production grew by 1 percent to 4.5 million barrels per day on an oil-equivalent basis. Strong operating performance across the business allowed us to once again achieve industry-leading financial results. Unprecedented cash generation in 2011 supported a 6-percent increase in our dividend, which combined with our treasury share purchases, provided shareholder distributions of $29 billion, an amount unmatched in our industry. It also allowed us to continue to invest in opportunities that provide us with attractive long-term growth potential. ExxonMobil operates in an expanding global energy market that continues to evolve. We project total global energy demand will increase by 30 percent by the year 2040. As has been the history of energy markets, energy demand patterns will continue to shift as to resource type and geographic performance. We will participate in meeting this growth in demand while continuing to generate attractive returns for our shareholders. As we look to the future, we see ExxonMobil as having many strengths that provide us with important competitive advantages. Within each of our business segments, we have a balanced and highly competitive portfolio of resources, projects, products, and assets. For example, ExxonMobil has the largest publicly reported resource base among nongovernment, international oil companies. We grew the resource base in 2011 by 2.7 billion net oil-equivalent barrels, bringing it to a year-end total of 87 billion net oil-equivalent barrels, with major additions from sources as diverse as our Hadrian oil discovery in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, oil sands in Canada, and a growing portfolio of unconventional oil and gas opportunities. There is also the potential for significant future additions arising from ongoing pursuits, including our strategic worldwide cooperation agreement with Rosneft. Our refining network remains the world's largest and most integrated and produces a range of high-value petroleum products, including basestocks for our industry-leading lubricants. Our portfolio of chemical assets allows us to capture economies of scale and leverage the cost advantages of operating in close coordination with our refineries. The diversity of our chemical commodity and specialties product mix positions us to maximize earnings throughout the different cycles of the global economy. A consistent, disciplined approach to investing establishes the foundation for us to deliver competitive returns from major oil sands projects in Canada, liquefied natural gas developments in Papua New Guinea and Australia, greater ultra-low sulfur diesel production capacity, and a major expansion of our Singapore petrochemical facility. We plan to invest approximately $185 billion

3

over the next five years to develop these initiatives, as well as others, and to further improve and expand our resources, facilities, and operations. Underpinning all of these opportunities are high-impact technologies that we have developed and continue to support at a robust level, investing nearly $5 billion in technology over the last five years. Of paramount importance are ExxonMobil's high standards for operational performance, which guide our businesses the world over. These standards of integrity and excellence allow us to set high performance and efficiency goals, measure our achievements, and improve our operations. None of this would be possible, however, without the knowledge, skill, and dedication of our employees, who again demonstrated this year that they possess the best technical and leadership skills in the industry. Global integration provides us with a significant advantage in designing and operating our facilities, and in managing operational risk common to our businesses. We also maintain a financial position unparalleled in industry, which enables us to pursue and finance all attractive investment opportunities. Central to our strengths and competitive advantages is a steadfast commitment to operate with the highest standards of ethical behavior and corporate citizenship. First and foremost, we are dedicated to the safety of our employees and the public at all times. We seek to manage effectively the impacts of our operations and products on the environment and fulfill our role in making the societies in which we operate better places to live. We do these things because they are the right things to do and because they build strong relationships with the customers we serve and the communities where we operate. As you read this year's Summary Annual Report, you will find many reasons to be proud of your investment in ExxonMobil. We remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders as we move forward in the important task of meeting the energy challenges of the future in a safe, secure, and environmentally responsible way.

ExxonMobil continues to deliver superior longterm shareholder value by emphasizing our competitive advantages of disciplined investing in a balanced portfolio of globally integrated businesses, supported by high-impact technologies and operational excellence. These competitive advantages, combined with dedicated corporate citizenship, position the company well for the future.
Rex W. Tillerson Chairman and CEO

