E X XO N M O B I L C O R P O R AT I O N · 2 0 10 S U M M A RY A N N UA L R E P O R T

To Our Shareholders
ExxonMobil continues to deliver superior long-term shareholder value. We succeed by upholding the values that set us apart: a commitment to safety, operational excellence, and risk management; a disciplined, long-term approach to investing; and the development and application of advanced technology and innovation. This consistent approach continues to serve us well, weathering the downturns and prospering as opportunities present themselves.

ExxonMobil's 2010 results reflect the strength of our proven business model. Earnings were $30.5 billion which included record earnings for our Chemical business. We delivered a return on average capital employed of 22 percent, continuing to lead our peer group. Cash flow from operations and asset sales was a healthy $51.7 billion. Operating results were equally strong. Oil-equivalent production grew to 4.4 million barrels a day, a 13-percent increase year-on-year. And we continued our industry-leading safety performance, achieving our best-ever lost-time incident rates in 2010. ExxonMobil's success is underpinned by our commitment to integrity ­ our systematic and unwavering focus on safety, operational excellence, financial discipline, and high ethical standards. These values enable ExxonMobil to consistently produce strong returns for our shareholders. In 2010, ExxonMobil distributed $19.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, contributing to a total shareholder return of 10 percent. Over the past five years, we have distributed $154 billion to shareholders, and our dividend has risen by 53 percent. ExxonMobil's Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical businesses once again delivered excellent results. In the Upstream, ExxonMobil together with our partners, put into service three major projects in 2010, including new oil production from the Odoptu field which is the latest development phase of the Sakhalin-1 project in Russia, the initial commissioning and gas send-out from the Golden Pass liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal in Texas, and the start-up of new LNG deliveries from RasGas Train 7 in Qatar. Our seamless integration of XTO Energy Inc. further enhanced our Upstream portfolio and expanded our participation in significant unconventional North American resources. The unique combination of ExxonMobil's technology and XTO's operating expertise will provide important benefits as we progress opportunities for unconventional energy resources worldwide.
2

In the Downstream and Chemical businesses, ExxonMobil continued to capture new efficiencies and benefit from our strong integration and operating flexibility. In the Downstream, we achieved significant milestones in our multiyear program of global investments aimed at meeting the growing demand for lower-sulfur motor fuels, with construction completed on new refinery units that will increase supply of ultra-low sulfur diesel in the United States and Europe. In our Chemical business, we continue to expand our capacity to supply the rising demand in Asian markets, with a major expansion under way at the Singapore petrochemical facility. The expansion will position the Singapore complex as the largest integrated refining and chemical site in our portfolio. All of ExxonMobil's actions are undertaken with a view that energy is not only an engine of economic growth, but also a pillar of human and social progress. Access to affordable, reliable, convenient energy transforms lives by raising living standards, making people more productive, and expanding their opportunities for education, employment, and better health.

E X XO N M O B I L C O R P O R AT I O N · 2 0 10 S U M M A RY A N N UA L R E P O R T

While the scale of the world's energy needs today is enormous, we must continue to find innovative ways to meet not only today's demands, but the growing demands of the future while managing the impact of energy on the environment. Critical to meeting the world's energy needs is the ongoing development of new energy technologies to expand the supply of traditional fuels, develop new sources of energy, and allow us to use energy more efficiently. ExxonMobil is committed to continue our role of innovating and developing many of these new technologies. While supplying the world's energy needs requires constant innovation, it will also require unprecedented levels of investment. ExxonMobil's financial strength allows us to continue to invest with a long-term perspective that transcends year-to-year economic conditions. Our capital and exploration expenditures in 2010 were a record $32.2 billion. We will continue to invest at substantial levels ­ more than $165 billion over the next five years ­ deploying new technologies and delivering new projects to efficiently supply energy to the world. We know that developing and delivering energy involves risks ­ safety and environmental risks, financial risks, geopolitical risks, and technical risks. ExxonMobil will continue to improve and perfect our approach to assess and manage these risks. Recognized as a model of success in our industry, the Operations Integrity Management System (OIMS) provides the rigor and structure to ensure that our commitment to safety and risk management is embedded in all our business activities, in every country, in every language. Consumers and the public rely on ExxonMobil to deliver reliable, affordable energy that enables them to achieve better lives and to do so in a way that minimizes risks to people, communities, and the environment. As shareholders, your investment in ExxonMobil reflects your trust in our ability to manage these risks while meeting the world's energy challenges. The men and women of ExxonMobil are committed to meeting these expectations with our intellect and our integrity. It is by honoring these commitments ­ and upholding our values ­ that ExxonMobil has produced the successful results shown in this 2010 Summary Annual Report. We remain confident that we will continue our best-in-class position to meet the world's energy challenges and deliver superior value for our shareholders. With the talent and commitment of the people of ExxonMobil, we are strong, resilient, and well-positioned for the future.
3

Rex W. Tillerson Chairman and CEO

