Fellow Shareholders:
On behalf of the 68 thousand Xerox people around the world,
I am pleased – no, thrilled – to report that we have gone a long way to restoring Xerox to good financial health and positioned our company for a period of growth and opportunity. If I sound bullish on Xerox, it’s because I am. We have weathered the most serious crisis in our history and emerged a company that is stronger, different and better – a company prepared and resolved to take Xerox to new levels of greatness.
Doing What We Say We Will Do
Perhaps most importantly, we believe we have begun to earn your trust. A year ago we made a series of commitments to you. And we have already made good on most of them.
We said we would improve liquidity and we did. Last year we generated operating cash flow of $1.9 billion. Since the end of 2000 we have reduced total debt by $4.4 billion. And we ended the year with $2.9 billion cash on hand.
We said we would begin to drive equipment
sales and we have – by making 2002 our
biggest new product year ever. Equipment
sales declines have moderated substantially
in each of the last five quarters. That’s a very
encouraging trend and a key part of our strategy. Equipment sales not only add revenue today, they add to our profitable post sales revenue stream tomorrow.
We said we would improve our gross margins to the high ‘30s and we exceeded our commitment. Our gross margins in 2002 were 42.4 percent. Some of that improvement was reinvested as price decreases for our customers.
Anne M. Mulcahy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  1

We said we would drive selling, administrative and general (SAG) costs down and we have. We reduced SAG costs by six percent last year and implemented actions under the Turnaround Program which will reduce our total cost base by $1.7 billion.
We said we would return Xerox to full-year profitability and we did. After absorbing $670 million of pre-tax restructuring charges, we were able to report a return to profitability in 2002. All of our major operations were profitable for the
full year.
Over the past two years, we have reduced costs, improved liquidity, stabilized our business, strengthened our business model, invested in our future and laid out a plan to return to growth and to provide value for our shareholders. But all of us at Xerox are keenly aware that last year’s accomplishments are yesterday’s news. The task before us now is to harness our momentum and take Xerox to the next level of greatness. We are well on our way.
Opportunities For Growth
Xerox has three strong opportunities for growth over the next
several years.
There is, of course, the production market which we lead and which is growing at about two percent a year. It is expected to reach $39 billion by 2006. Within that market, digital produc- tion color – where Xerox has a commanding lead – is growing much more rapidly at more than 30 percent per year.
A strong array of systems and solutions – led by the Xerox DocuColor® iGen3TM dDiigiittallpProducttiionpPress–promisesto dramatically expand the market opportunity for Xerox. There is every reason to expect that we can grow faster than the market as a whole by driving the “new business of printing” in areas such as one-to-one marketing and print-on-demand. Early customer response to our new generation of color production technology has been very encouraging.
Our second opportunity is in the office – a market that is relatively flat, but very large at $52 billion a year. Xerox is entrenched in the office and we are competitively advantaged in segments of the market that are growing the fastest. Three examples: color in the office, digital multi-function devices and value-added office solutions and services.
2
Cash on Hand
as of December 31st ($ billions)
4.0
    0
1.8
2.9
 2000 2001 2002
 Declining Debt
as of December 31st ($ billions)
18.6
16.7
14.2
   0
 2000 2001 2002

As this report goes to press, we will be introducing new tech- nology for the office – products and services that will further expand our fleetoffworrlldccllaasssooffeferrininggss. .TThheeyywwilillilninclculudedenew snoelwutsionlust,iaonse,wa fnaemwilfyamofiblylaocfkbalancdkwanhditewmhiuteltim-funltic-tfiuonc-
t p i r o o n d p u r c o t s d , u a c n t s d , c a o n l d o r c o p l r o i nr t p e r r i s n . t e r s .
And our third opportunity is in the services market which is growing at around 15 percent a year. This market includes knowledge, content and document management – areas where we have considerable expertise and resources.
Our highly successful document outsourcing business gives us a strong base on which to build. More than 12,000 Xerox employees currently work on site in hundreds of customer offices around the world. They operate in-house printing and copying centers, and manage document workflow across
the enterprise for our customers. More and more, these cus- tomers are turning to us for help in redesigning processes, improving productivity and strengthening customer relation- ships – all starting from our base of knowledge and expertise around the document.
In aggregate, these three opportunities – production, the office and services – give us lots of room to run. We do not want for opportunity. We are engaged in three attractive markets where we can choose our sweet spots, add value for our cus- tomers, grow profitable revenue for Xerox and reward our shareholders for their investments. We estimate that over time these three markets will yield five percent a year revenue growth – even more if we are highly successful in areas such as digital production printing, color, high value solutions for the office and services.
Our Vision For The Future
If you think of Xerox as a world leader in office products like copiers and printers, you are only half-right. To be sure,we have the broadest and deepest set of products in our industry – an arsenal of products that were substantially strengthened in 2002 and will be again in 2003.
But that’s only part of the story. I spend a lot of my time – every eovpeproyrtoupnpiotyrtIugneityreIaglelyt r–etaallkyi–ngtatlokiCnhgietof ECxheiecfuEtixvecOuftfiivcers aOnffidcCehrsieafnIdnfCohrmieaf tIinofnorOmffiactieorns.OI fhfiecaers.eIvherealrcsoemvemraoln tchoemmesonemthermgesoveemr earngde over. aTnhdeyovnere. dThtoeydrniveedsitgondifiricvaent ismigpnrifiovceamnteinmtsprinovpermodeunctstivinityp.rTodhueyctniveietyd. Ttohaecycnesesedintforma
Improving Gross Margins
 (Percent)
37.4
42.4 38.2
   0
 2000 2001
2002
3

access information quickly anytime, anywhere. They want to outsource parts of their business that others can do more effectively. They want to be able to market more effectively and to serve their customers more efficiently.
Increasingly, these business leaders are turning to Xerox for help:
• That’s why Bank of America asked Xerox to manage its fleet of 63 hundred digital multifunction devices and two thousand light-lens copiers – a three-year contract worth over $50 million that will save money for the bank.
• That’s why UnitedHealth Group called on Xerox to manage their extensive human resource records as they migrate to a paperless Internet world. Their twin goals are lower costs and improved customer satisfaction.
• That’s why Lloyd’s TSB asked Xerox to manage seven
digital print centers that form the heart of their marketing communications operations – at an annual expected savings of $10 million.
In today’s economy, businesses and organizations of all sizes face the challenge of improving their performance or being overtaken by the tide of change -–-whettheriitt’’smoreefffecttiive communication with customers, leveraging what a company knows, exploiting the opportunity of new technology, or sim- ply reducing costs and boosting productivity, improving results requires rethinking how work gets done. This is what Xerox does best. Our vision is both simple and powerful:
“Helping people find better ways to do great work.”
Since the introduction of the plain paper copier, Xerox has been about transforming the workplace. Through our world- class research and technology; our expertise in printing and production; our skills and experience in content, document, and knowledge management; and our experience in process innovation, we serve as change agents, enabling customers to improve business processes and bottom line results.
What Shareholders Can Expect
It would not be an exaggeration to say that our performance
last year has gone a long way to restoring obuotrhhoeuarlth,eoaultrh,
Declining SAG
($ millions)
5,518
    4
0
4,728
4,437
 2000 2001 2002

credibility and our confidence. We’ve also made good progress in the past year on corporate governance:
• We have adopted strict new guidelines on what constitutes director independence. Applying this definition, 75% of our Directors are independent.
• We have proactively integrated Sarbanes-Oxley and proposed NYSE rules into our governance processes.
• We have revised and strengthened the charters for our Board of Directors’ committees.
• We hold regular executive sessions of outside directors without Xerox management present.
• We launched a massive effort to strengthen internal con- trols, train our people and promulgate a clear and strong Code of Conduct.
• We established an Ethics Helpline for our employees and have taken other measures all aimed at making Xerox a role model in ethical behavior.
• And, of course, in June we brought Larry Zimmerman on board as new Chief Financial Officer.
Going forward, here is what shareholders can expect from Xerox and from my management team.
First, credibility. We made a lot of commitments a year ago. We’ve delivered and we’ve executed. My intention is to contin- ue to earn your confidence and to give every ounce of my energy to that end. When we say we’ll do something, we will. You should expect no less. We will deliver no less.
Second, communication. We’ll be open, honest and accessible and we’ll build an environment that encourages communica- tion with the investment community – freely, openly and often. To enable you to make the wisest investment decisions, you should have the information you need about the company as quickly as practicable. My objective is to make sure you have it.
Third, leadership. In two ways. In the market through techno- logical and market leadership. But also in terms of our people and our culture. As good as we are today, we will be better tomorrow. You have no interest in a company that isn’t leader- ship in every way. Neither do I.
Return to Profitability
 Net Income (Loss) ($ millions)
 0
91
   (94)
(273)
2000 2001 2002
5

Fourth, decisiveness. I’ll set clear direction for our people. I’ll hold people and businesses accountable. There will be no sacred cows. If a product development program falters, we’ll end it quickly. If a business isn’t profitable and has no credible plan to become profitable fast, we’ll shut it down. If we see an opportunity, we’ll grasp it. Decisiveness in planning and speed in execution will become hallmarks of the Xerox culture.
Fifth, execution. We will continue to introduce competitive technology, to drive costs down, to streamline our business, and to execute against our business model. To ensure that we are best in class in every aspect of our business, we have introduced Xerox Lean Six Sigma – a powerful set of tools that will drive improved results.
Our investors put a lot of faith in us. I take that very seriously. And I insist that all our people do as well. We have too much opportunity in front of us to fail. I’m excited by the challenges and so are our people. And we’re eager to give you a good return on your trust.
All of us at Xerox firmly believe that our best days are still ahead of us. Thank you for the confidence you have placed in us. Our collective task at Xerox is to earn that confidence and to give you a good return on your investment.
Anne M. Mulcahy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March, 2003
 6
