 Fellow Shareholders:
As I write this letter, I am enormously proud of what Xerox people have accomplished over the past few years; galvanized by the opportunities we see immediately ahead of us; sobered by the demands of the marketplace and the strength of our competitors; and humbled by the trust you have placed in us. Our goal is to give you a good return on that trust – and that’s precisely what we are all hard at work doing.
Proud of Our Accomplishments
Over the past four years, we believe we have put together a rather remarkable track record. We have just about cut our debt in half, more than doubled our equity, taken $2 billion out of our cost base, strengthened our offerings, expanded our distribution channels, articulated a clear vision for the future, made the right strategic investments, and consistently increased earnings – building value for our shareholders.
Our progress in 2004 provided more evidence that we are on the right track and building strong momentum:
• We brought 40 new products to market –
products that set new industry standards
for the creation of customer value and which garnered some 230 industry awards.
• We were granted 525 utility patents in the United States alone – a sign that our best days are ahead of us.
• Sales, administrative and general (SAG) costs declined to 26.7 percent of revenue – the lowest in years.
• Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion.
• We reduced debt by another $1 billion.
• And we ended the year with a cash balance
of $3.2 billion.
Anne M. Mulcahy, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The charts that accompany this letter tell the story of a company that has returned to good financial health. We deliver consistent predictable results. We do what we say we will do. We also realize that as good as we are today, we must be even better tomorrow. So rather than simply rehash the past, I want to take this opportunity to share our plans for the future.
Poised for Growth
As the story of the Xerox turnaround gets written, I’m confident that it will say that while we were focused on reducing costs, boosting productivity and slashing debt, we were equally focused on implementing a strategy for growth, investing in our future and creating value for our shareholders.
That strategy starts with spending a lot of time with our customers. Many companies preach that; we practice it. Someone just figured out how much of my own time I spend with our clients. The not-so-surprising answer is about 25 percent. All of my senior team maintains an equally aggressive schedule of customer engagement. We estimate that some 80 percent of our people have regular contact with our customers. And one in five of our people work on site in our customers’ places of business.
Why? Because we’re keenly aware that it takes five times as much effort and money to attract a new customer as it does to keep an old one. Even more importantly, we know that if we listen to our customers – really listen – they will tell us what we need to do to be successful. What we learn permeates all our decisions.
And what we’ve learned is that our customers don’t simply want our products – at least that’s not how they express their needs.
 1

Declining Debt
as of December 31 ($ billions)
14.2
Stabilized Gross Margins (Percent)
18.6
42.4 42.0 40.6
16.7
37.4 38.2
11.2
10.1
                   ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04
TheTyhweaynwt aonutrohuerlpheinlpreindurecdinugcicnogstcso, simts,prov- inmgpprorovdinugctpivroitdyu, gctriovwityin, groewveinguereavnednucreeantidng vcraeluateinfogrvtahleuirecfourstohmeirercsu.stomers.
That’s exactly what we’re helping them do. In more and more accounts, large and small, we are becoming strategic partners. The copier and hardware company has morphed into a technology and services enterprise.
Four years ago,wemadeasserriiessoffcrriittiicall strategic decisions on where to invest. We used three simple but profound criteria – areas of our market that were growing the fastest, areas where our customers were telling us they needed help and areas where we already had core competencies on which we could build.
We let go of businesses where we couldn’t make money in the short term, or articulate
a credible plan to make money in the long term. That freed up resources for investment in three critical areas of the document market – the digital office, digital production and value-added services. That’s where we placed our strategic bets.
We’re glad we did. Last year, three-quarters of our revenue came from these businesses and revenues from these areas grew 6 percent. For the first time in five years, growth in our strategic areas of focus, including the effects
of favorable currency, offset declines in older technology and other non-strategic businesses. Now, we are positioned for growth in 2005
and beyond. Here’s why.
Leading The Digital Revolution in the Office
In the digital office, we’re concentrating our investments on the key growth areas of color, digital multifunction and office services. We continue to expand our portfolio of products at
’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04
price points that are highly competitive. As a result, we are participating in more and more buyingdecisions.
One way we create value for our office customers is through our Office Document AssessmentSM. A recent industry report indicates that two-thirds of all businesses have initiatives in place that are aimed at reducing the cost
of document management. You might think that’s a threat to us; we see it as an opportunity.
Until recently, the costs of documents
flew under the radar screens of most Chief Information Officers. Once digital technology put documents on the network, that dramatically changed the way document management is viewed. With the help of Xerox, more and more CIOs are recognizing that they can simultane- ously reduce costs and improve workflows.
Using Xerox Lean Six Sigma methodology, we analyze in detail all of the document- intensive processes our customers use to run their businesses. We identify the exact costs
of the way our customers manage printing, copying, faxing and scanning functions. Perhaps even more importantly, we analyze the way
real people work with real documents in the real world.
We estimate that a typical business spends up to 5 percent of its revenue on documents. We can save 20 to 40 percent of that while improving productivity, speed and worker satisfaction. The opportunity for Xerox is substantial and we are being very aggressive about seizing it.
2
 
Equipment Sales
($ millions)
3,970
Improving Selling, Administrative and General Expenses ($ millions)
5,264
5,518
4,403
4,250 4,480
4,728 4,437 4,249 4,203
           ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04
Building the New Business of Printing
The second area in which we are investing
is the digital production market. Our strong array of digital systems and solutions – led by the Xerox iGen3® Digital Production Press
and augmented by the highly acclaimed Xerox Nuvera® family of products – promises to dramatically expand our market opportunity.
Market response to our new generation
of color production technology has been very encouraging. Increasingly, our commercial print customers are relying on the iGen3 to fuel their business growth. In fact, many iGen3 customers own multiple systems – some own six or more. We are driving the New Business of Printing® in areas such as one-to-one marketing, print-on-demand, and on-demand book publishing.
One example is a large retail customer
who maintains many bridal registries. After
the couple returns from their honeymoon
and settles into married life, they receive a spe- cial sales promotion of all the products they
had selected for their registry but didn’t receive. The brochure is printed on a Xerox iGen3. Direct mail experts consider a 1-percent response to be quite good. This promotion runs about 40 percent. That’s the power of one-to-one marketing – power we bring to our customers.
Digital production printing is a huge market opportunity for Xerox as more and more customers see that they can augment traditional offset printing and penetrate new markets with new applications that create new revenue streams.
It’s the ultimate win-win-win – for Xerox, for Xerox customers and for their customers.
’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04
Leading With Value-Added Services
The third area in which we are investing is value-added services. Here, too, we are making a great deal of progress. In fact, revenue from our value-added services business grew 20 percent last year and 25 percent in the fourth quarter from a year ago.
More and more, our customers – particularly our larger ones – are turning to us for help in designing and improving work processes that are document intensive. We provide consulting, imaging, content management and outsourcing services that help our customers reduce costs through processes that deliver the right informa- tion, in the right form, at the right time.
Although we manage our business in
three areas, we go to market as one Xerox. The umbrella for much of what we do – the value we provide – is something we call Smarter Document ManagementTM. Just about every organization
you can think of has made significant investments in information technology over the past several years. In fact, between 1997 and 2003, United States companies alone invested an estimated
$2.5 trillion in the promise of information technol- ogy. Many are still looking for the return. They are realizing that more is not necessarily better.
Xerox is uniquely positioned to help our customers leverage and streamline their legacy investments and make wise investment decisions going forward. Since our earliest days, we have been on a mission to harness the marvels of technology to the needs of people. We take a holistic approach that considers the way people work, the culture they work in, the
3
  
Return to Profitability
Net Income (Loss) ($ in millions)
360
91 (273) (94)
859
     ’02 ’03 ’04 ’01
’00
processes they work with, the objectives they strive for. In other words, we help our customers find better ways to do great work through the use of Smarter Document Management. It’s an area in which we are uniquely advantaged.
These three market areas – digital office, digital production and value-added services – total more than $100 billion of market opportunity today. Advances in digital technology, many of them driven by Xerox, are likely to significantly expand the market size in the years ahead. We
do not want for opportunity.
The only thing that stands between Xerox and significant growth is execution. And that, fortunately, is entirely within our own control. It’s a good place to be.
Shareholder Value Our Mantra
If I sound optimistic about our future, it’s because I am. But don’t mistake optimism for hubris. All of us at Xerox recognize that we are in a race without a finish line. Our competitors are formidable and they are not standing still. Our customers are demanding that we stay
on the leading edge of technology and services. Our shareholders are expecting us to deliver premium returns.
We don’t shrink from these expectations.
We embrace them. This generation of Xerox people has been tested. We’ve learned from our mistakes. At a recent town meeting, a Xerox employee asked me what our greatest strength and weakness was as I looked to the future.
My answer: our greatest strength is our people – a highly motivated group of individuals who are committed to their customers, passionate about the success of Xerox and on a mission to drive shareholder value.
And our weakness? That we start believing our own press, that we even subconsciously start to behave as though “good enough” really is good enough. That’s something we ferociously guard against. We’re building a culture that
is problem curious, that abhors the status quo, that looks at every challenge as an opportunity to improve.
All of you have put your trust in us – many
of you at a time when others were writing our obituary. It’s something we will never forget. Ever.
By the way, just about every Xerox person around the world is a shareowner. We are all in this together. We are all focused on creating shareholder value and we’re making good progress. Xerox’s share price increased 23 percent last year contributing to a three-year cumulative annual growth rate of 18 percent. We’re proud of that, but we also know that it’s yesterday’s news.
We realize better than most how easy it is
to lose our way. Avoiding that pitfall is what energizes us. We are all focused on a few simple objectives – focusing on our customers with precision and passion, growing revenue and improving profitability. If we do that well, we know we will create value for our shareholders and give you a good return on the trust you place in us.
You should expect no less; we aim to deliver no less.
Anne M. Mulcahy Chairman and CEO
 4
 