 Terry Semel
To Yahoo!’s shareholders, users, partners, customers and employees:
As I look back on my fifth year as Chairman and CEO of Yahoo!, I am immensely proud of all we’ve accomplished as a company. When I joined the company in 2001, I was convinced that our tremendous global reach, strong brand, and enormously talented people clearly positioned Yahoo! to become a leading 21st century Internet media company. I am very proud to report that our hard work is paying off, reflected in broader and deeper user engagement, expanded relationships with advertisers, and our growing global presence, all of which contributed to our success in 2005.
Strong Financial Results
Our leadership and influence in the online world contributed significantly to our strong financial results in 2005. Full year 2005 revenue was $5.3 billion, an increase of 47% from the $3.6 billion of revenue reported in 2004. We delivered record revenues each quarter, reflecting robust growth in both our advertising and premium services offerings. Equally important, we converted our growing revenue into improved profitability and exceptional cash generation for our shareholders. Yahoo!’s balance sheet became even stronger in 2005, with a year end balance of $4 billion in cash
and marketable debt securities, up from
$3.7 billion at 2004 year end, despite more
than $2 billion invested in acquisitions and share repurchases. Our growing cash balance is a testament to the high cash productivity of our business model. We have been deliberate and persistent in committing the appropriate resources to both internal operations and acquisitions and our healthy cash position provides us with flexibility to pursue additional investments and share repurchases, as appropriate.
Product Innovation
In 2005, we accelerated our pace of innovation and intensified our focus on meeting the evolving needs of our users and advertisers. No list of
our many accomplishments can do justice to all the tremendous product development and enhancement efforts of the nearly 10,000 Yahoo! employees. I offer just a few highlights below.
Search Continuing to make search more useful, engaging, and relevant for our users is Yahoo!’s top priority. We have incorporated search into multiple verticals including audio, video, image and local search; enhanced Yahoo! HotJobs with an Internet job search engine; and introduced Yahoo! Desktop Search, enabling users to quickly locate files, emails, archived instant messages, contacts and more.

While we believe outstanding technology will continue to be the backbone of a high-quality search experience, we are also seeking ways to make search even more valuable through new services with a distinctly personal element. Products such as My Web 2.0 (our new social search engine) and the beta of Yahoo! Answers (a question-and-answer service) personalize search by allowing our users to tap into their communities of family, friends, and other relevant groups for search results, answers to questions, recommendations, reviews, and ratings. Our acquisitions of Flickr and del.icio.us build on this vision, bringing us leading technologies for organizing and sharing content and connecting individuals with the people and communities they value most.
Communications Yahoo! Mail hit a significant milestone in 2005, becoming the largest global web-based email provider according to several leading third party sources. Mail users have responded enthusiastically to our new mail beta, which features a completely redesigned, intuitive user interface combined with the speed and responsiveness of a desktop application. Yahoo! Messenger (IM) with Voice has expanded its Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) capabilities, now providing our VoIP customers with high-quality voice calling including PC-to-PC, PC-to-Phone and Phone-to-PC, to complete calls to anywhere
in the world.
Connected Life In our increasingly connected world, users want seamless integration of their Internet experiences, with access to their personalized content and their favorite Yahoo! services, on any device and in any location.
Our recently announced Yahoo! Go services enable a fully integrated and personalized experience on mobile devices, PC-enabled televisions and the PC desktop, making it easy for users to access multiple Yahoo! services including IM, Mail, Search, Photos, Address Book, and content including news, sports, finance
and games. Yahoo! now has relationships with more than 50 wireless operators and device manufacturers in 26 countries including major new relationships with Cingular, Motorola and Nokia in 2005.
Content We are continually expanding our vast array of licensed, original, and user-generated content and pioneering new ways to make the information we provide more useful and relevant. Last year, we launched our much-anticipated Yahoo! Music Unlimited service. Our expanded music service now offers fans the music they want, in multiple formats—personalized radio, subscriptions, and downloads—complemented with an extensive library of videos, news and biographical information on their favorite recording artists. Yahoo! Music is just one example of how we’re leveraging our core assets to empower users to share, discover and personalize their experiences in a truly unique way.
We’ve also done more to personalize our industry leading news, sports, and finance sites, supplementing content from hundreds of respected sources with thousands of available RSS Feeds, and enhancing the content we collect with perspectives from our own columnists. We’ve added engaging original content as well, including the topical and profound Kevin Sites in the Hot Zone within Yahoo! News. All of us at Yahoo! are very proud of Kevin, who recently received the Daniel Pearl Award for Courage and Integrity in Journalism.
User Engagement
Our many new product introductions and enhancements brought millions of new users to Yahoo! in 2005. Importantly, our users are consuming more services and spending more time on Yahoo!, demonstrating the utility and the relevance of our offerings.
Our number of unique users at the end of 2005 was approximately 21% higher than the previous year, on a comparable basis. Including the estimated audience of our strategic partners Yahoo! Japan and Alibaba in China, the global reach of the Yahoo! brand approached an amazing half a billion users on a monthly basis at the end of 2005.
In addition to growing overall users, we also increased the average number of properties visited by each user by almost 25%. This growth clearly quantifies our accomplishments: we’re creating relevant products and services that

continue to inform, engage, educate, and entertain our users. We are very pleased with the increasing user engagement on Yahoo!, which gives us a considerable advantage as monetization opportunities on the Internet continue to grow.
Marketing Services
By building the leading online services and attracting the world’s largest and most engaged online audience, Yahoo! has created among the most effective and creative array of advertising solutions on the Internet today. Our marketing services businesses delivered nearly $4.6 billion in revenue in 2005, benefiting from growth in all forms of online advertising. Our reach and relationship with advertisers’ key audiences, our unique targeting capabilities, vertical industry expertise, and ability to provide effective consumer insights has propelled us to a leading position in Internet marketing.
We believe we can capture a greater share of marketers’ advertising budgets as more advertising spending moves online, compelling content grows, inventory is better utilized, and most importantly for us, as we develop enhanced platforms and systems allowing marketers to better optimize their campaigns. In 2006,
we are seeking to improve our search products through better matching and relevance algorithms and the addition of more easy-to-use tools for advertisers and publishers. At the same time, we are working to deliver new forms of advertising such as video formats, increase our targeting capabilities, and enable advertisers to buy larger campaigns more efficiently.
Yahoo! is the only company with scale and leadership in both brand and performance-based advertising. To better serve our advertisers, we have aligned our sales channels under one management structure. The primary goal of these efforts is to do all we can to help marketers deliver the right message, in the right format, to the right customer, in the right environment, at the right time.
Premium Services
Yahoo! has become the leading premium
service provider on the Internet, with 12.6 million
paying relationships as of year end 2005 and generating over $660 million in revenue in 2005. Our extensive co-branded relationships with communication services companies give us the potential to access more than 75% of U.S. households by year end 2006, providing the opportunity to forge deep, content-rich relationships with our users. We also continue
to add to our premium offerings, which now include a range of tools for small businesses as well as a number of consumer-focused products including our innovative new music service, personals, sports and more.
Expanding Global Presence
As Internet usage grows worldwide, we are focused on broadening our geographic reach. Local versions of Yahoo!’s services are now available in more than 15 languages and more than 20 countries and international revenues account for more than 30% of our total annual revenue, nearly double the 15% contribution
in 2002.
Yahoo! has evolved into a truly global network, and we believe China represents one of our biggest future growth opportunities. In 2005, we made an important strategic investment
in Alibaba, combining our search and communications assets with their market-leading commerce businesses, under the management of a talented local team. Our partnership with Alibaba will further strengthen Yahoo!’s position as a preeminent online destination in Asia, a region where Yahoo! already leads many of the most important markets and where rapid growth in Internet usage is expected to continue for many years.
In addition, we purchased Softbank’s interest in our operations in the United Kingdom, Germany, France and Korea, giving us additional strategic flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities in Korea and Europe and to create more efficient longer-term operating and tax structures.
We also signed an agreement with Seven Network, bringing together Yahoo!'s successful Australian Internet business with the online assets and television and magazine content of one of Australia's leading media companies.

We have successfully introduced Yahoo!’s leading products and services to many international markets in 2005 and will do even more to broaden our reach in 2006. Investing in our international infrastructure, expanding the reach of our products, and establishing relationships with important local partners positions us well
to take advantage of continued growth opportunities overseas.
Commitment to Innovation
and Talent Growth
Our position at the forefront of change and innovation has always attracted some of the most accomplished scientists, engineers, design specialists, marketers, product visionaries and support professionals. We’re very proud of the recognition we’ve received as a talent magnet, including being named to Fortune’s list of the “100 Best Places to Work in 2005”.
Our employees thrive on solving the most challenging technological puzzles to derive tangible benefits for our hundreds of millions of users. To further our efforts in this area,
we have committed long-term resources to innovation through our Yahoo! Research Labs. We substantially expanded the efforts of Yahoo! Research during 2005 and now have research facilities in several California locations, including a partnership with University of California, Berkeley, as well as in New York, Spain and Chile. Yahoo! Research conducts industry-leading research in a range of areas including search, communications, media, mobility, data and advertising with the goal of developing world-class science that will deliver the next generation of Yahoo! products and businesses to the world.
While I am very proud of the high intellectual caliber of our employees, I am also consistently inspired by their dedication to community. Yahoo! For Good, our community relations initiative, spearheaded our response to several major natural disasters over the last year, leveraging our products, employees and users to contribute to relief efforts. We facilitated nearly $75 million in user donations on our home page in support of those affected by the natural disasters in Asia and the Gulf Coast. We also
inaugurated Cyber Giving Week in late December 2005, helping generate more than $4 million in donations for dozens of charities. Separately, our employees donated generously this year to the Yahoo! Employee Foundation, a grassroots philanthropy effort that has supported 150 non-profits since its inception in 1999.
Looking Ahead
We are very gratified by our progress but we remain as focused as ever on the opportunities ahead. Going forward, we intend to continue to improve our reach and user engagement through better search, broader content, and expanded premium offerings. As we build products and platforms to create the best user experience, we’ll apply the same focus to improvements for our marketing partners, expanding the suite of tools, services, and solutions we offer to Internet advertisers and publishers.
In conclusion, Yahoo! has had another fantastic year. My sincere thanks, as always, to our shareholders, users, partners and customers for your continuous support. I would also like to offer a very special thanks to all of our outstanding employees for the tremendous contributions they have made to the success of Yahoo! over the last year. It is my personal privilege to work with you and I believe our future holds great opportunity.
Terry Semel
 