        Photo top left by simonlchung from the Flickr Collection
It’s been an exciting year at Yahoo!—one of great change and great inspiration. We have significantly increased our pace of execution and focused on product excellence, user experience, and growth. Our financials have seen continued stability; in fact, 2012 was our first year of ex-TAC revenue growth in four years.
Over the past 18 years, Yahoo! has become
a daily habit for hundreds of millions of users worldwide and has grown into one of the Internet’s most loved and iconic brands. Today, we remain dedicated to creating products that inspire and delight our users every day, and we are working to reach even more users across
a broad array of platforms, including mobile. To that end, we are developing and reimagining the experiences that are at the center of people’s everyday digital habits. These are the same products that have been at Yahoo!’s core throughout our history—including Mail, Search, News, Sports, Finance, Groups, and Answers. Last year, we made early progress in enhancing these products with a new design for Yahoo! Mail across four key platforms—desktop, iOS, Android, and Windows 8—as well as the launch of our Flickr mobile application, lauded as
best in class. However, this is just the beginning. In 2013, we will demonstrate a cadence of innovation in our principal product offerings.
We are also increasing the value we bring to our advertisers and partners. When ads are personal, consumers respond. Yahoo! is one of the largest global platforms that combine personalized content at scale with highly relevant advertising to reach the right audience at the right time. We believe that ads are a core part of our offering, and we see an incredible
Marissa Mayer
number of opportunities where advertising can enhance the quality of our products and the user experience.
While Yahoo! is committed to user, product, and revenue growth, we’ve also demonstrated discipline and a focus on profitability. Furthering our commitment to shareholders, we returned approximately $2.2 billion through share repurchases last year.
Inside the company, we will continue to invest in talent. Companies are all about people, and the companies with the best talent win. This is why we have embarked on a number of initiatives to make Yahoo! the absolute best place to work— greater transparency, clearer accountability, and benefits that increase employee efficiency
and well-being. This commitment to our team will enable us to produce the most compelling and exciting user experiences anywhere, and
it will have long-lasting benefits for our users, advertisers, partners, and shareholders. Our company’s performance is a testimony to the hard work and capabilities of our employees, and we are incredibly excited about the future we will create.
In that future, the Internet will continue to change the way people learn, share, and communicate, and Yahoo! will strive to be a central part of this evolution. We need to continue Yahoo!’s tradition of bold innovation, and ultimately inspire and delight users and advertisers globally. We see enormous opportunity in front of us.
Thank you for your belief in our vision. Your support allows us to build exquisite products and experiences, which will make our users’ daily habits inspiring and delightful for years to come.
David Filo
To our shareholders
CEO, President and Director Founder and Chief Yahoo
