  Dear Yahoo Shareholder
Yahoo is driving toward a dramatic business transformation.
Yahoo’s Board of Directors and executive team are committed to delivering shareholder value through sustained growth. In 2012, our leadership team began a multiyear transformation to return an iconic company to greatness, shifting from a declining desktop strategy to a mobile-first strategy that has already yielded significant results. Our strategy to reinvent our business has made Yahoo one of the top three players in mobile, and we’re just getting started.
In 2014, our global user base across search, communications, and digital content grew to more than 1 billion monthly active users—more than
575 million of whom visited us on a mobile device. As an advertising-driven business, we’ve continued
to build and modernize our ad offerings with Yahoo Gemini,YahooAdManagerPlus,BrightRollandFlurry. These strategic investments, a mixture of organic growth and acquisitions, have created a strong foundation for growth. They not only bring us to parity with the competition, but propel us to industry- leading positions in areas including mobile analytics and video advertising.
An Update on Our Progress
Yahoo is driving toward a dramatic business transformation. Online advertising technology moves incredibly quickly. Our strategy has focused on mobile, video, native and social (aka Mavens), the fastest- growing areas of digital advertising. Before 2012, Mavens offerings did not contribute meaningfully
to Yahoo. In 2014, however, our Mavens offerings generated more than $1.1 billion of GAAP revenue. In just two years, we created more than a billion dollars of new annual revenue, with robust further growth expected in 2015. We are keenly focused on revenue growth, both new and mature. Our approach has been to stabilize our legacy businesses while offsetting their natural maturation and declines with growth from these areas of new investment.
• Mobile: In 2014, mobile monthly active users continued to show strong growth and reached
575 million users, one of the largest mobile audiences globally. In terms of mobile monetization, we reported $768 million in mobile GAAP revenue in 2014.
• Video: Through partnerships with Good Morning America and Live Nation, as well as Yahoo original shows, we continue to offer top-tier video content that deeply engages our users. Additionally, we are reinventing our large legacy display business to better connect marketers with users. Our Q4 acquisition of BrightRoll instantly lets us serve more video ads and reach more users than any other platform. BrightRoll revenue exceeded $100 million in 2014, with solid growth expected this year.
• Native:YahooGemini’snativeadshavebecome essential to Yahoo’s transformation in digital advertising. We saw nearly $300 million of GAAP revenue in 2014 on Yahoo Gemini native ads, with solid growth of more than 32% quarter-over-quarter in Q4.
• Social:Tumblrcontinuestogrowfasterthanalmost any other social network, with an audience of more than 460 million people each month. And mobile app usage continues to drive growth, with mobile app users up 32% year-over-year. As a result, 75 of the Ad Age top 100 already have a presence on Tumblr.
Our search business has shown strong growth.
We signed a five-year strategic partnership with Mozilla in November 2014 that made Yahoo the default search provider for Firefox in the U.S. In Q4 2014, we saw an 18% search-click-driven revenue growth, 10% year-over-year increase in paid clicks, and a 7% year-over-year price-per-click growth. Overall in 2014, we delivered $3.382 billion of gross search revenue, which maps to $1.793 billion in GAAP revenue and $1.784 billion in ex-TAC revenue.
YHOO shares have outperformed peers and the S&P 500. Yahoo’s shareholder return since July 2012 has been 182%, exceeding the shareholder returns of
     
   many of our Internet peers. During this time, Yahoo’s share price has nearly tripled, from $15.65 on July 16, 2012, to $44.13 as of April 1, 2015.
We have a strong track record of creating shareholder value. In early 2015, the board authorized a tax-efficient plan to pursue a spin-off of all of
our remaining holdings in Alibaba Group, valued
at $32 billion based on the closing price of Alibaba on April 1, 2015, into a newly formed company. The spin-off, expected to be completed in Q4 of 2015, maximizes value and tax-efficiency exclusively for Yahoo’s shareholders.
This spin-off is in addition to the $9.1 billion of shares repurchased from July 2012 through the end of 2014. Our board and management team will have returned, post-spin, more than $40 billion of value to our shareholders, a historic amount for a company of any size. Ultimately, including a total of $9.8 billion of shares repurchased by Yahoo from Q2 2012 through Q1 2015, more than 97% of the value from our Alibaba investment will have been returned to shareholders post-spin.
We continue to deliver operational excellence.
Our leadership team continues to reprioritize resources, shutter older products and businesses, and consolidate locations. Over the past two years alone, we closed 15 offices and sunset more than 75 products and services. Operational excellence is critical, and we will continue to execute on efficiencies we find on an ongoing basis, especially those that fuel growth and enhance profitability.
We take a disciplined, focused approach to M&A.
The Internet sector is incredibly competitive and acquisitive; that said, we’ve been prudent in our approach. Over the past 30 months, we allocated $2.1 billion to M&A compared with the $9.1 billion
in capital returned to shareholders through share repurchases; it is noteworthy that we have funded all our M&A activity to date through organic means. Our M&A strategy focuses on three principal categories— talent acquisitions, building-block acquisitions,
and larger strategic acquisitions—and our strategy is working.
We believe Yahoo is on the path toward a successful transformation—one in which improved products and operations, prudent investments, and thoughtful allocation of capital drive growth for all our investors. We are determined to press forward with purpose, with vigor, and with determination to bring Yahoo back to iconic greatness and generate strong returns for you.
We’re confident we are on that path, and we thank you for your continued support and belief in Yahoo’s renaissance.
  Marissa A. Mayer
CEO & President, Yahoo
David Filo
Co-founder & Chief Yahoo
