as the most comprehensive and valuable Internet service for users, and the most diversified and largest global online advertising platform.
Innovation and Product Quality
2004 was a year in which we relentlessly focused on our users, increased the rate of innovation and product development, and continued to invest in advanced technologies throughout the world. The list of accomplishments during the past year
is too long for me to mention, however among the hundreds of product launches and enhancements, there are a few that stand out as they have redefined their categories.
• Although we only launched our own algorithmic search product in February 2004, today many analysts and critics already believe Yahoo! Search Technology is now among the best in the world. We quickly followed the global launch with an aggressive rollout of unique and ground-breaking search solutions, such as My Yahoo! Search, award winning desktop search, the largest image search with more than 1 billion images, the first video search to be offered by a major search engine, and integration into vertical areas, such as news, shopping, local, mobile and travel.
• The All New Yahoo! Messenger redefined the category of instant messaging by bringing together the best attributes of communication, personalization, community, and entertainment. Since the launch, we continue to gain share of users and have become the No. 1 instant messaging service in terms of time spent.
• The introduction of RSS (Really Simple Syndication) feeds on the new My Yahoo! gave our users one-click access to more
than 250,000 content sources, revolutionizing the way users can find, use and share content on the Internet. Since the launch of the new My Yahoo!, we have further extended our leadership position within the personalization space by continuing to increase our
share of users.
• We expanded the way and the kinds of content users can access through Yahoo!, like the entertainment partnerships with Mark Burnett Productions, Paramount Television, and JibJab.
Our high standards of quality and commitment to provide the best experience for our users permeated every one of our offerings.
And, Yahoo!’s breakneck pace resulted in
more users on Yahoo!, consuming more services, and spending more time than anywhere else
on the Internet.
Driving User Engagement
On the Yahoo! network, our number of unique users worldwide as of December 31, 2004 was approximately 31 percent higher than the number of unique users as of December 31, 2003.
While Yahoo! continues to extend its reach to new users, we are also becoming better at serving the needs of existing users by listening to them, and investing in more relevant products and services. The combined effect is producing a more engaged user base, which is the real magic behind our financial success. So while our user base continues to grow steadily, the average amount of time users are spending with us outpaced growth of time spent in the industry. Yahoo!’s average monthly time spent per visitor increased eight percent year-over-year, according to ComScore/MediaMetrix.
The engagement of our users is also reflected in the wide variety of services they consume on the network. Yahoo! is one of the top two in audience size in 15 verticals according to ComScore/MediaMetrix, with Yahoo! Personals, Yahoo! Music, Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! News, Yahoo! Games, Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! Travel and Yahoo! GeoCities all ranked No. 1 at the
end of 2004.
The engagement of our users is also reflected in the growth of our premium services. Our paying subscribers are the fastest growing subset of users on the Yahoo! network. We ended 2004 with approximately 8.4 million unique paying relationships, up almost

3.5 million year-over-year. In 2004 we continued our successful content bundled with access relationships with SBC Yahoo! DSL in the US,
BT Yahoo! Broadband in the UK and we established Yahoo! Rogers Hi-Speed Internet in Canada. In early 2005, we also announced a relationship with Verizon to offer a range of services, including a co-branded portal. With Verizon and SBC, Yahoo! has the largest reach into a broadband subscriber base in the US.
We have lived by the mantra that great services lead to a great business, and our strong performance on the user front has translated into better business by enabling us to provide greater value to our advertisers.
High Performance
Global Advertising Platform
2004 was the year in which advertisers addressed the continued shift in users’ changing media habits by investing more of their advertising dollars online. With the largest and most engaged audience and a very comprehensive and advanced advertising platform, we believe Yahoo! is the best positioned Internet company to take advantage of this shift.
Our full year marketing services revenue was over $3 billion, almost a 140 percent increase over 2003. Yahoo!’s marketing services revenue grew faster than the rapidly growing Internet advertising segment, indicating that we continued to build share.
With respect to Fortune 500 advertisers, we were able to increase revenues from existing customers, as well as attract new customers.
To demonstrate how far we’ve come, the aggregate spending of the AdAge Top 100 advertisers with Yahoo! in the fourth quarter of 2004 was equal to the amount those same companies spent with us for the entire year in 2002. Additionally,ourfocusonbuildingdeeper relationships with our customers by developing vertical category expertise has resulted in double-digit year-over-year growth across all of ourverticalcategories. Thisdemonstrates
the extraordinary growth in acceptance of online advertising over the last year, particularly by
the nation’s largest advertisers.
Our search marketing offerings have also achieved substantial growth. Our team made it easier than ever for advertisers to participate by allowing them to focus more on their marketing objectives and less on keywords and bidding.
In addition, we expanded our industry-leading program to educate, certify and support search engine marketing agencies, which have played an important role in helping clients build campaigns and expand the sector. As a result, we saw broader participation by more industry categories, creating greater diversification and new growth opportunities. We are pleased with the expanding roster of client industries finding value in Yahoo!’s search marketing offerings, validating the medium and our position.
Success in our marketing services business overall is predicated on our continued ability to deliver the best quality audience, the most comprehensive and effective set of advertising solutions, and the highest impact results for advertisers.
Looking Ahead
While we are excited with our progress to date,
I intend to keep the company focused on several key opportunities ahead.
First, Yahoo! will focus on building deeper engagement with its users. Today’s world is moving from mass media to “my media”, a world in which the user is the programmer. Yahoo! aspires to be even more essential in people’s lives. To achieve that, we know we must deliver what users want -- when they want, how they want, and where they want. The future of Yahoo! and the Internet is the powerful integration of our four pillars:
search; community; personalization; and content. By providing the place where users can find, create,shareandtransactwiththeinformation, content, and people they want, we are creating a more relevant and personalized experience and building a self-reinforcing cycle that delivers greatervaluetoourusersandforYahoo!.

Second, Yahoo! will seek to play a greater role
in people’s connected lives. The continued convergence of broadband and wireless presents a big opportunity for Yahoo!. We believe that in a connected world users expect their Internet experience across all devices to be seamlessly integrated, and their content, such as games, photos, or music, to be accessible and personalized. Yahoo! is in a unique position to provide this valuable experience to our users across the PC, broadband, and wireless.
On the broadband side, we continue to validate our successful partnership strategy of creating tightly integrated and co-branded experiences with leading broadband providers. With SBC, our successful long-standing partner, we have extended our relationship to include unified communications and programming of their next generation interactive TV platform. On the wireless side, while Yahoo! has already deployed a number of our services with the major carriers in the U.S., such as Cingular, Sprint and Verizon Wireless, we are just at the beginning. In 2005, Yahoo! will be even more aggressive to help users "mobilize" their Yahoo! experience.
Third, we will continue to drive increased international growth. 2004 set the stage
for more significant international growth.
By following our principle of build, buy or partner, we launched global search, mail, and messenger platforms; made significant investments in Europe through the acquisition
of Kelkoo and our access relationship with BT; and, strengthened our presence in China through the acquisition of 3721, the launch of Yisou, and our joint auctions platform with SINA. However, we have a lot more work to do. In 2005,
look for us to further compete in a number of countries, and in some cases product by product. The exciting part is our opportunities internationally have just begun and we are much better positioned to take advantage of them.
Fourth, our goal is to further extend our leadership in advertising and marketing services by providing the most engaged and valuable audiences and the most innovative suite
of marketing solutions. Our marketing offerings experienced great success in 2004, and we enter 2005 with tremendous momentum. Blue chip marketers are now shifting larger percentages
of their advertising budgets online as they recognize that they must reach their audiences in their preferred environments. Yahoo! is investing for our future in tools, formats, measurement capabilities and data to lead the next phase of advertising for Fortune 500 companies. Search marketing offerings also provide an enormous opportunity for the Internet and for Yahoo!, and we’ll continue to make significant investments in the areas of advertising tools, matching technology, and new products and countries around the world. We believe we will continue to provide the most valuable, integrated marketing solutions in the industry, and as a result, Yahoo! is once again well positioned to grow market share in a rapidly growing segment.
Closing
In conclusion, Yahoo! has had a phenomenal year. My sincere thanks to our shareholders, users, partners, customers, and employees for your continuous support. As I reflect on the year I feel very fortunate. I work with a seasoned and extremely talented management team and an enthusiastic employee base that continues to help change the world.
We have created a clear framework for our business, and I am thrilled with how we have been executing against our vision and excited about our future.
Terry S. Semel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 