A MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS
2014 was an extremely busy year full of its own unique set of challenges and successes. It was also a year of sustained improvements and positions us with an equal set of opportunities as we move into 2015.
In many ways, 2014 was a year of two halves. During the early part of the year, we addressed our capital structure. The support of the capital markets was a testament to the operational improvement we had made as we raised $250 million of new equity and refinanced our debt, which substantially lowered our interest rates while extending the maturities for another five years. At the same time, with the support of our unionized employees, we were able to extend our labor agreement for another five years as well. These two critically important events helped clear the path for the YRC Worldwide family of companies to continue improving our operational and financial results.
As we moved into the second half of 2014, due to strong business levels throughout the transportation industry, railroads, truckload carriers and LTL carriers all experienced issues with capacity. Driver shortages became a pressing concern for LTL carriers which added pressure to the capacity challenges. At YRC Worldwide, as a result of our stronger financial position, we were able to react to these market conditions by adjusting pricing in a meaningful way and significantly improving our mix of freight for the first time since 2008. Closing out the year, our fourth quarter results demonstrated sustained performance improvement and gave us confidence that YRC Freight, Holland, Reddaway and New Penn were properly positioned as we headed
into 2015.
With YRC Worldwide in the best financial position in years, we are excited about having the ability to meaningfully reinvest in our business. As part of that investment, we have installed 46 dimensioning units at YRC Freight and Reddaway that will improve how we evaluate our customers’ shipments. As the technology continues to advance, we will assess whether to roll out additional units. Additionally, to help us move closer to our goal of being the safest carrier on the road, we acquired new tractors that are equipped with the latest safety features. We are investing in pricing and network optimizing technology to help us make the best decisions regarding how we operate our business. Moving forward, we plan to continue focusing our resources on the areas of our business that will help us deliver on our commitment to best-in-class safety and service.
In the safety arena, one group of employees deserves special recognition. Through dedication and teamwork, the YRC Freight linehaul drivers assigned to the Albuquerque, New Mexico terminal recently set a remarkable record. They traveled an incredible 19 million consecutive miles, accident and injury free -- an extraordinary achievement that has been celebrated not just by our company but by the entire trucking industry.
We could not have made the sustained progress we achieved in 2014 without the support and hard work of our 33,000 employees. I’m inspired and motivated daily by the commitment of our employees to serve our customers and, in the process, make our company a better place to work. Together, I believe we will see results in 2015 that further demonstrate YRC Freight, Holland, Reddaway and New Penn are valued by our customers and are integral to their North American supply chains.
James L. Welch
Chief Executive Officer YRC Worldwide Inc.
 