 A MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS
Our company made steady progress in 2016, despite challenges from a soft freight environment and decreasing fuel-surcharge revenue from lower diesel prices most of the year. Progress included enhancing our award-winning customer service, continuing to reinvest in the company, and further derisking the balance sheet, all while reporting the company’s highest operating income in ten years. We believe these efforts help position our operating companies — YRC Freight, Holland, Reddaway, and New Penn — for long-term success.
Our customers compete in an environment that is changing at a rapid pace, and they expect more choices and greater customization from their service partners. To be successful, we must evolve with our customers and continue to look for opportunities to meet their expectations. To that end, we added to our portfolio of services by introducing Accelerated at YRC Freight, which fits nicely between its Standard Ground and Time Critical services. Accelerated provides one- to two-day faster transit times than Standard Ground and is aligned to compete well in the national less-than-truckload market space. In an effort to work more closely with our customers and create new market opportunities, we enhanced our management team with the addition of Justin Hall as Chief Customer Officer. His leadership and logistics experience are already bringing innovative strategies to our sales and marketing teams. Finally, we continued to strengthen our customer service by opening a new service facility in 2016, making it our third addition over
the past two years. Our expansive North American footprint now includes nearly 390 terminals across all four operating companies.
We continued to meaningfully reinvest in the company by increasing our capital expenditure equivalent spend to $253 million and 5.4 percent of revenue in 2016. This included taking delivery of more than 700 new tractors and 2,500 new trailers. In our existing fleet of tractors, we completed the installation of in-cab safety technology that consisted of anti-collision and lane departure safety features. In addition to improving safety on our roads, we expect this investment to reduce costs by lowering our liability claims experience over time. Looking ahead, we are in the process of rolling out new linehaul load plan and pick-up and delivery route optimization software. We expect to see efficiency and productivity gains from these technology- driven investments. We remain committed to reinvesting in our company, and until we see a stronger freight environment, it is critical that our investments drive improvement and help offset cost increases.
Even while increasing our capital expenditure equivalent spend, we reduced our debt by more than $70 million, to the lowest level since 2005. We were able to do this as a result of our improved cash flow from operations in recent years and the restricted cash that was freed up by an amendment to our asset-based loan facility.
In closing, although we made progress during the year, we are not where we want to be. However, we believe that our experienced senior management team and nearly 32,000 talented freight employees have paved the way for continued improvement and are dedicated to being the best in class in safety and customer service. In addition to our people, our tremendous asset base, networks, and technology-driven investments have us well positioned in the industry. These competitive strengths make YRC Worldwide a unique opportunity to invest in four proud and distinct LTL operating companies.
We believe that our reinvestment in the company — combined with projected capacity constraints from regulations and, eventually, a stronger freight environment — will serve our company and our investors well over the long term.
JAMES L. WELCH
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER YRC WORLDWIDE INC.
   