letter to shareholders
The Annual Report to Shareholders letter gives me a chance to look back on the past year and share with you what the YRC Worldwide team has accomplished. From an overwhelmingly positive financial reset for the company to laying the groundwork for a competitive, five-year contract, 2013 was clearly a foundational year for our team. We also completed one of the largest change of operations in the history of YRC Freight while Holland, Reddaway and New Penn continued to show that union LTL carriers can and will be market leaders.
Our refinancing strategy played out through the year. It was a complicated process involving multiple stakeholders and
a ticking clock that kept our attention right up to the day it was finalized. The end result was an agreement that shows
we have investors who believe in our company, acknowledge the progress we have made and share our vision that an even brighter future is ahead. We successfully raised approximately $250 million in equity, which allowed us to reduce
our overall debt, and successfully refinanced over $1.1 billion in senior credit facilities. With our new senior credit facilities, we were able to reduce our interest payments, allowing us the opportunity to invest more significantly in our workforce, technology and equipment.
Reaching the successful refinancing was contingent upon our 26,000 employees who are members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters approving a five-year extension of our current Memorandum of Understanding. Nearly all of the work and communications with our employees on this process took place in the final months of 2013 with ratification occurring on January 27, 2014. The five-year extension includes a national uniform attendance policy, new opportunities to use purchased transportation services to meet our service cycle demands and resources to operate more efficiently in many service areas. Our IBT employees will continue to maintain one of the best compensation packages in the industry over the next five years which will keep our turnover rate low and open the door for new driver recruits.
Finally, this year we conducted an unprecedented communications initiative with our employees. Meetings with employees numbered in the hundreds while terminal managers held thousands of one-on-one meetings with employees. Personally, I answered hundreds of emails from employees. We listened and we learned a lot about ideas to improve customer service and work more efficiently. We will implement some of those ideas in 2014 and our employees can be assured that the dialogue will continue.
It never ceases to inspire me what the collective wisdom, experience and dedication of 32,000 freight professionals can do. Serving more than 200,000 customers and delivering more than 22 million shipments annually, I am proud of our team and look forward to accomplishing great things in the year ahead.
James L. Welch
Chief Executive Officer YRC Worldwide Inc.
 