 “Stepping back, it has been a great privilege these last two years to serve as Chairman and CEO, alongside David Novak, Vice Chairman and President. The Board and I were pleased to name him CEO on January 1, 2000. He has earned this recog- nition based on his considerable accomplishments and is the best possible person to lead the company into the new century. As Chairman, I will continue to play an active role working with our world-class Board of Directors and company leaders as we build on the progress begun these
last few years.”
Andrall E. Pearson
Chairman of the Board
  2
  dear partners,
When we launched Tricon as an independent company, our goal was to take three leading restaurant brands that had been under-managed over time, and ultimately become the best restaurant company in the world. Toward that end, we’re pleased to report that 1999 was an outstanding year for Tricon, with solid progress made against almost every operational and financial goal we set for ourselves. We’ve worked hard at increasing our performance by developing our culture, driving same store sales growth, improving our restaurant economics and cost structure, while expanding our system.
Some key highlights include:
41% ongoing operating EPS growth
4% combined same store sales growth in the United States
generated over $1.5 billion of cash flow
24% Return on Assets Employed
We’re proud of all our system has accomplished. What’s more, we’re confident the actions we’ve undertaken this past year will pave the way for greater success. While we’ve been disappointed by the recent decline in our stock price, we know we will build shareholder value over the long term by focusing on these five differentiating
performance drivers:
#1 Consistent Same Store Sales Growth with a Portfolio of Three Leading Brands: The primary way we’re measured in our industry is by consistently delivering same store sales growth. In 1999, we delivered strong com- bined U.S. same store sales growth of 4%, on top of 4% combined growth in 1998. We are committed to consis-
tently delivering 2–3% combined same store sales growth, year after year. Importantly, our unique portfolio
of three leadership brands enables
us to deliver these results in the U.S., even if one of our brands is temporarily experiencing some ups
and downs. Our intention, of course, is to have all three brands clicking at the same time; but it’s a unique strength to have a
powerful portfolio of leading brands where stronger performance by some can offset
any short-term softness at others.
In addition to our existing delicious products and continued operations improvement, a key driver of same store sales growth and one of our
       
   most important achievements in 1999 was our new product success. We entered new product segments with considerable long-term growth potential at each of our brands:
“on the go” with sandwiches at KFC
“value” with The Big New Yorker at Pizza Hut
“big taste, hot value” with Chalupas at Taco Bell
These new products add to our leading category market share. As a result, we are going forward with a significant opportunity for future growth off an even stronger competitive foundation.
In 1999, Pizza Hut had another outstanding year, with same store sales up 9%. On Super Bowl Sunday,
Pizza Hut launched The Big New Yorker pizza, the most successful new product introduction in the
pizza category in recent history. This 16" authentic New York style pizza is offered at a unique $9.99 value price, appealing directly to the heavy pizza consumer com-
pelled by value and product innovation. With our existing popular Pan, Thin Crust, Stuffed Crust
and Hand-Tossed pizzas, Pizza Hut is delivering on its competitive positioning to have the “Best Pizzas Under One Roof.” In fact, Pizza Hut
outperformed its major competitors for the year in same store sales growth and grew market share in the key traditional segment.
At KFC, our strategy is to reposition the brand as the “chicken experts for all chicken occasions,” not just fried chicken on the bone. KFC grew same store sales by 2% in the year. However, while KFC dominates the chicken on the bone segment with our world-famous Original Recipe and about
a 40% market share, this segment has been relatively flat. Our growth in recent years has come from adding concept layers, like the intro- duction of Colonel’s Crispy Strips, which added about $120,000 to the average KFC restaurant. We now own about a 10% share of the $4 bil- lion strips category after four years. Our goal with the introduction of chicken sandwiches is to add another concept layer to reignite KFC’s topline growth. After our introductory quarter, we now own 8% of the $5 billion sandwich category. Nearly a fifth of all Quick Service Restaurant users have tried our sandwiches, and they’ve told us their intent to repurchase is over 85%. Research says we have the best chicken sandwiches of any national competitor and we’re currently gen- erating $130,000 of annualized sales per restaurant — our challenge now is to make sandwiches more incremental to the base business. Our entire system, especially our franchisees, are committed to making sandwiches a success because we know we have such a strong consumer proposition.
While Taco Bell’s same store sales were flat for the year, we began to make great progress by refocusing on Quick Service Restaurant consumers who already crave Taco Bell’s great-tasting food and rate it #1 on “value.” Our strategy is to reinforce Grande Taste, Loco Value — Big Taste, Great Value —
  David C. Novak
3
Chief Executive Officer
   
               TRI004 front.6b 03.04.00 3/13/00 3:06 PM Page 4
         every day, and communicate this in everything we do. Following this strategy, transactions turned positive with the launch of our freshly fried hot Chalupas late in the year. Having now transformed the quality of Taco Bell food by reinventing the taco with our highly popular Gorditas and Chalupas, Taco Bell will continue to feature more quality upgrades of existing prod-
ucts, like Enchiritos, burritos and nacho chips.
#2 International Growth: One of our greatest success stories this past year has been the outstanding results we generated from our international business. In 1999,
Tricon achieved a 39% increase in international ongoing operating profit — the strongest increase in almost a decade. Our strategy has been to focus equity (Tricon-owned restaurants) in about 10 key countries, while grow- ing elsewhere around the globe with our growth-ready franchisees. This strategy is paying off. For example, our KFC businesses in Mexico, Australia, the U.K. and China all are booming, as is Pizza Hut in China, Canada and the U.K. In fact, one-fourth of our total ongoing operating profit in 1999 came from our international business, and we expect it to grow on average at least 15-20% per year. We plan to build over 700 new restaurants across our system outside of the United States in 2000, on top of the 700 units we opened in 1999. We are convinced our international business will continue to be a primary growth engine for Tricon in the years ahead. We’ve only begun to scratch the
surface of marketplace presence and the global popularity of our food is phenomenal.
#3 Multi-Branding and New Unit Expansion: Tricon is uniquely positioned to offer more than one brand under one roof, providing customers an opportunity to please the entire family at one counter. We’ve proven the success of “2-n-1’s” — KFC/Taco Bell Express...Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express...and KFC/Pizza Hut Express. We’re going to accelerate building these restaurants, increasing growth opportunities for our franchisees. We’re also still testing “3-n-1’s” — restaurants that serve all three of our popular brands. Given our category leadership in pizza, Mexican-style food and chicken, no one else can offer this unique oppor- tunity. We ended 1999 with over 700 multi-branded restaurants in the system. In 2000, we plan to build a total of about 1,300
multi-branded and single-branded restaurants across our system — 600 restaurants in the U.S., and an additional 700 international restaurants. This kind of growth will continue and we
expect it to increase as we go into the future.
#4 Margin Improvement: We will continue to leverage topline growth, productivity
improvements and cost savings to drive growth in base margins year over year. We achieved over 125 basis points in margin improvement from base operations in 1999, on top of 70 basis points of improvement from base operations in 1998. Our ownership mentality is to run each restaurant like it’s our only one, and that’s helped make our store margins industry com-
petitive. Importantly, improved margins have helped raise our Return On Assets Employed from 10% to about 24% in just two years. We
expect to improve our base margins in 2000 by up to 20 basis points. With the added benefit of refranchising, our margins should be up by about 50 basis points next year.
#5 Improved Cash Flow for Reinvestment: Our final performance driver is to continue to
achieve great results from our financial strategies, and, in turn, improve our cash flow, enabling
us to further reinvest in our business growth. We’ve taken a series of strategic actions to improve
our balance sheet and returns. In 1999, we sold over 1,400 restaurants to franchisees, reducing
company ownership of the system from 28% to 23%, closing in on our target of about 20%. Cash from
operations and this refranchising strategy generated over $1.5 billion in cash flow. This, in turn,
enabled us to pay down over $1 billion in debt last year. Significantly, we also reinvested about
$470 million in new and existing restaurants in 1999. We also bought back 3.3 million shares of our stock since September, underscoring both our strong cash generation and confidence in our growth potential. Additionally, we’ve greatly improved our
             4
        
  effective tax rate, providing an annual cash benefit to Tricon that ulti-
mately increases shareholder returns. As a result of progress we’ve
made implementing our financial strategies, we’ve greatly strengthened our balance sheet and increased our financial flexibility.
In 2000, we expect to generate close to $500 million in free cash flow, enabling us to reinvest in the business by continuing to upgrade our assets and open new restaurants while also buying back shares.
Looking Ahead: Our outlook for 2000 remains optimistic off our strong 1999 results and the demonstrable progress that we’re making on these five performance drivers. We’re on track to deliver 2-3% combined U.S. same store sales growth, 6% systemwide sales growth, and an ongoing operating earnings per share growth in the range of 23 to 27%, on top of our 41% increase in 1999. However, it’s too early to know for certain what the impact to our results, if any, might be as a result of the recent Chapter 11 bank- ruptcy filing by AmeriServe, our principal U.S. distributor. We’re pleased that we’ve been able to maintain service to our restaurants in a cost-effective manner to date, and we intend to continue this performance in the future.
We’re going to stay focused on our performance drivers in all that we do to make Tricon a great investment for our shareholders over the long-term. We are putting the building blocks in place to drive dynasty-like performance. In fact, Tricon has all the char- acteristics to become one of the world’s great companies over time: leading brands, a proven international business, tremendous cash flow to fund reinvestment — and the people to make it happen. Our goal is to become nothing less than a “dynasty” by driv- ing consistent performance, year after year. On the next page, you’ll see how we communicated this vision to our system’s employees and franchisees on New Year’s Day.
As you read further, you’ll notice a lot of energetic people who will tell you what we’ve done and what we’re going to do to keep moving forward. In fact, on our front cover, we’ve featured three of our Restaurant General Managers — our #1 leaders — who represent a system built around restaurant teams committed to serving customers better than anyone. David Alston (KFC), Jackie Lopez (Pizza Hut) and Carlos Diaz (Taco Bell) are demonstrating our “YUM Cheer” — the way we begin every major system meeting, because we know if we put a “YUM” on our customers’ faces, our financial results and shareholder returns will follow. We’d like to thank the nearly 600,000 people across the Tricon system, our franchise partners and outstanding Board of Directors for their dedication and inspired ideas.
From all of us at Tricon, YUM to you,
David C. Novak CEO Andrall E. Pearson Chairman
             5
  