 Dear Partners,
I’m pleased to report 2004 was another year where we demon- strated the underlying power of our global portfolio of leading restaurant brands.
Fueled by continued profitable international expansion, dynamic growth in China, and strong momentum at Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in the United States, we achieved 15% earnings per share growth prior to special items. Highlights include a number of firsts: a record $1.2 billion in operating profit; a record $1.1 billion in cash provided by operating activities and a record $1.0 billion in franchise and license fees.
We also reached our goal to achieve an investment grade rating from each major rating agency after paying off nearly $3 billion in debt the past seven years. Armed with increasing cash flow and a powerful balance sheet, we increased our shareholder payout by initiating the first divi- dend in our history and buying back a record $569 million of Yum! shares. Given this overall strong performance, our share price climbed 37% in 2004. We’re pleased our annual return to shareholders is 22% for the first half of this decade.
Most importantly, we remain confident we will continue our track record of growing earnings per share at least 10% each year. We have four powerfully unique growth opportunities that differentiate us from the competi- tion and bolster our belief that we are Not Your Ordinary Restaurant Company. Let me give you my perspective on each of these strategies and hopefully you will come to the same conclusion.
David C. Novak, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pictured in his office literally filled from floor to ceiling with “customer maniac” recognition photos.
#1 BUILD DOMINANT CHINA BRANDS
There’s nothing like making a strategic investment in
the right place at the right time and that’s exactly what
we’ve done in China. With KFC and Pizza Hut, we already
have the dominant brands in the fastest growing econ-
omy in the world populated with 1.3 billion people. To be
more specific, KFC has 1,243 quick service restaurants compared to approximately 600 for McDonald’s. Pizza Hut
has 171 casual dining restaurants and there is no other 1 substantial casual dining chain in China.
We have an outstanding tenured team, which has worked together for over ten years building the business from scratch. Our China Division now generates over $1 billion in revenue and $200 million in operating profit, up over 20% versus a year ago. What’s more, it is our highest return international equity business with a +20% store level margin. In fact, China has grown to the point that the team will now report into Yum! as a separate operat- ing division.
Consider the powerful competitive advantages we have in China. We uniquely own our own food distribution system that gives us coverage in every major Chinese province and has allowed us to expand KFC to over 280 cities. We also have one of the largest real estate development teams of any retailer in the world that opened up over 350 new restaurants in 2004.
Our China operations are best in class. In fact, 81% of our restaurant managers have at least a college education (the rest are just plain smart!). We also have highly sought after jobs with 13,000 team members. This investment in infrastructure has given us an incredible opportunity and
 
   2
an incredible head start. We estimate there are already 500 million urban Chinese customers who can afford our food. There’s no question, we are on the ground floor with an unprecedented opportunity. I liken it to the days when Colonel Sanders, Glen Bell, Dan Carney and Ray Kroc started KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and McDonald’s, respec- tively, and created fast-food categories in the U.S., leading to 270,000 units today. We have the first mover advantage and the opportunity to do the same thing in China.
That’s why our goal is to build dominant restaurant brands in every significant category. So, in addition to KFC and Pizza Hut casual dining, we’ve recently developed Pizza Hut Home Service and our Taco Bell Grande dine-in format. The team has also enthusiastically developed and is now testing East Dawning, which is a Chinese fast-food concept that is geared to provide the everyday local favorite foods of Chinese customers.
With all the good news in China, the leading question is, what can go wrong? Well, the past two years we’ve weath- ered SARS, the Avian Flu and events like that are always a possibility. And I’ll leave it to you to predict the future economy or potential political issues. One thing I’m sure of is we’ll have our ups and some unforeseen downs but as I said last year and I’ll say it again, there’s no doubt in my mind that one day we will have more restaurants in China than we do in the U.S.
China Division Key Measures: +20% operating profit growth; +22% system sales growth; +375 new units/year.
Our China Division is our highest return international equity business generating over $1 billion in revenue and $200 million in operating profit, up over 20% versus a year ago.
The foundation of this consistent growth comes from the competitive advantage of the strong infrastructure we already have in place. For this we are largely indebted to PepsiCo who, prior to our spin-off in 1997, invested 40 years and billions of dollars to establish the global net- work we inherited.
The tough reality for our competition is that it would take the same kind of time and commitment to reach our size and scale. The obvious exception, of course, is McDonald’s. McDonald’s already makes $1.8 billion outside the U.S. demonstrating the clear profit opportu- nity we can capture in the international arena.
That’s because the great reality for us is we already have strong local teams and operate in approximately 100 countries around the world with nearly 600 international franchisees growing two popular global brands, KFC and Pizza Hut. In fact, our franchisees opened up over 80% of the 738 new restaurants we added this year. This helps make our international business high return because our franchisees are using their capital, not ours, to grow.
Our plan is to continue to leverage our big scale markets. We have nine countries and franchise-only business units that have over 600 restaurants each. We’re focusing our international company operations investment in four of these countries where we are building scale and expect to produce excellent returns over time (U.K., Australia, South Korea, Mexico). The largest of these markets is the U.K. where we have great KFC and Pizza Hut businesses. Here, we have almost 1,300 restaurants generating $115 million in operating profits with a 24% 5-year growth rate.
When you look at our franchise-only business, you’ll see we have nearly 4,500 restaurants generating $154 million in operating profit and a 16% 5-year growth rate. What’s more we have broad-based growth evidenced by the fact we opened new units in 60 countries this year.
Going forward, we want to continue to add at least 700 new units each year and do it profitably. Consider this, excluding the China Division we only have 6,100 KFCs and 4,500 Pizza Huts compared to over 16,000 units McDonald’s has in international markets outside of China.
2DRIVE PROFITABLE INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION
#Since China is now a separate division, the remainder of our international business is now reported excluding our China Division. It too is a large and growing busi- ness. For the fifth straight year we opened up over 700 restaurants in countries outside of China and the U.S. The International Division generates over $335 million in oper- ating profit, with a solid record of growing at least 10% in operating profits.

On the international front we have an undeniable competitive advantage and growth opportunity with two global brands, KFC and Pizza Hut!
To attack this opportunity, we are making targeted invest- ments to develop new markets, with the goal to eventually get to scale in India, Brazil, Russia, France, Germany and Holland. We are especially pleased with our progress in India and France. Pizza Hut is the number one most trusted brand in India with almost 100 units and we are now developing KFC with an offering that includes a vege- tarian menu.
KFC in France is generating huge sales volume and good unit economics so we are beginning to expand. While we’ve made some progress, we are struggling with our unit economics in Germany and Holland.
Developing new markets is tough because building consumer awareness and acceptance takes time. Just as importantly, it takes time to build local operating capability. Our approach is to continue to be patient and ever mindful of overall profitability and returns. The potential is obvious and we are determined to build our international business the right way.
International Division Key Measures: +10 – 15% operating profit growth; +5% system sales growth; +700 new units/year.
a focus on “exceptional execution of the basics” which is driving continuous improvement in both operations and marketing. Taco Bell has made dramatic improvement in speed of service and cleanliness. And Taco Bell’s “Think Outside the Bun” marketing campaign which features a steady stream of product and value news continues to build what we call “big brand momentum” with our customers.
Pizza Hut also had strong same store sales performance, +5%. Pizza Hut did this by staying one step ahead of our competition, introducing innovative new pizzas like The 4forALL®, The Full House XL PizzaTM and limited time only offerings like Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The brand’s “Gather ‘Round the Good Stuff” advertising campaign is building real traction with the heart of the pizza category by focusing on the family and the primary decision maker, Mom. And importantly, Pizza Hut is also steadily improving its operations, targeting improving delivery phone service and dine-in table service.
Our single biggest disappointment in the U.S. was negative 2% same store sales at KFC. It would be easy to blame increasing competition from McDonald’s and Wendy’s since both had national introductions of chicken strips representing 20,000 units. But we know we can grow this brand by simply doing a much better job of marketing and operations execution. One big advantage we have at Yum! is the ability to spread best practices. As a result, our new management team is now implementing the product inno- vation and operating processes used successfully at both Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. KFC also introduced a new menu board that lays the foundation for upcoming product and value innovation. Much needs to be done, but we expect to turn the corner this year.
Our other setback in the U.S. performance was unusu- ally high commodity inflation resulting in approximately $70 million in unplanned food and paper costs. We expect this inflation to moderate somewhat this year and to improve our U.S. profits.
U.S. Brand Key Measures: +5–7% operating profit growth; +1–2% blended same store sales growth.
3
    3BE THE BEST AT PROVIDING BRANDED RESTAURANT CHOICE AND MULTIBRANDING GREAT BRANDS
#The foundation of our company is category-leading U.S. brands with proprietary products and operating systems that are highly successful on a stand alone basis. Our strategy is to make our brands more and more powerful each year by building even more relevance, energy and differentiation for our customers. Let me post you on our U.S. progress.
Taco Bell generated 5% same store sales growth, hit the $1 million mark again for average unit volumes and is now the second most profitable Quick Service Restaurant brand. We’re especially pleased that Taco Bell is becoming a model for consistency, growing its same store sales at least 2% the past three years. This result is coming from

Multibranding is becoming a big business for Yum!, accounting for 14% of our U.S. traditional restaurant base and an estimated $224 million in U.S. company store profits and franchisee fees.
Given the fact we are the only restaurant company to have a portfolio of leading brands, we have the unique opportunity to offer our customers two great brands in one restaurant.
Not surprisingly, when you think about it, our customers tell us they prefer multibranding over single brands because it provides more choice and convenience under one roof. For example, if someone doesn’t want chicken, they can have tacos, thereby canceling a veto vote. The response we hear most often from our customers who experience multibranding is, “What took you so long?”
As a result, multibranding is becoming a big business for Yum!, accounting for 14% of our U.S. traditional restau- rant base and an estimated $224 million in U.S. company store profits and franchise fees. Sales of our new multi- branding restaurants are typically $250,000 a year higher than our single brands and same store sales for restau- rants opened more than a year are also higher.
4
Our KFC/Taco Bell concept had solid same store sales growth and achieved parity margins with our single brands. Taco Bell/Long John Silver’s is showing promise with high volume and good margins. Given the results, we will begin to more aggressively expand this combination. While it’s too early to make a call, we have expanded testing of our new Long John Silver’s/A&W combos. Given the soft- ness in KFC’s core business, we have delayed expansion of multibranding in company stores until we improve our operations. However, our best KFC franchise operators are continuing to develop multibrand units.
After seeing the power of multibranding, our Pizza Hut team successfully created and tested its own multibranding concept for home delivery called WingStreet, which is a tasty line of flavored bone-in and bone-out chicken wings. We also took the menu and learnings from our Pasta Bravo acquisition and created Italian Bistro as a partner brand with Pizza Hut’s traditional dine-in restaurants. Again, early results are extremely promising.
We are now confident the potential for multibranding at Pizza Hut is as strong as it is for our other brands. In fact, our interests and capabilities to take advantage of the multibranding opportunity for all our brands has never been greater than it is today.
However, our biggest challenge for multibranding remains the same. We must continue to get better and better at building the operating capability to successfully run these restaurants. And the plain fact is it’s harder to run a restaurant with two brands. With more variety comes more complexity, so we’ve been dedicated to improving the capability of our people to deliver our customers a great experience. We have simplified our back of house systems and are reducing costs by value engineering our facilities, while at the same time offering more exciting building designs.
Again, this is an opportunity we created and is unique to Yum! and again, we continue to have first mover advan- tage. Our operational learnings put us well ahead of the
   To give you a historical perspective, we started with combinations of KFC/Taco Bell and Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express. We learned that we were able to add significant incremental average sales per unit, dramatically improving unit cash flows. Our franchisees then pioneered multi- brand combinations by pairing KFC and Taco Bell with Long John Silver’s, the country’s leading quick-service seafood restaurant, and A&W All American Food, which offers pure- beef hamburgers and hot dogs along with its signature Root Beer Float. Based on outstanding customer feedback and results, we acquired Long John Silver’s and A&W in 2002. With this acquisition we significantly expanded our multibranding potential in the U.S.
We can now open high return new restaurants in trade areas that used to be too expensive or did not have enough population density to allow us to go to market with one brand. With multibranding, we believe we can eventu- ally take both KFC and Taco Bell to 8,000 units in the U.S. compared to the over 5,000 each we have today.
I’m happy to report 2004 was another year of solid prog- ress for multibranding.

        Whether you’re one of our smallest customers enjoying a special Chicky party, a delicious A&W hamburger and shake
or a lunch date with mom, our Customer Maniacs are putting smiles on customers’ faces around the world.
pack and no one else has the power to combine leading brands like we do. The challenge we have is to execute it right and more progress needs to be done before we accel- erate our growth rate. To borrow a famous phrase from the legendary basketball coach John Wooden, our strategy is to “be quick, but not hurry” so we take advantage of the unique opportunity by building the business the right way.
Multibrand Key Measures: at least 550 multibranding additions per year, earning a return on company additions several points above the company’s cost of capital.
4 RUN GREAT
#As I stated last year, we have pockets of operating excel-
lence around the globe. For example, our operations in 5 countries like China and Australia are first class. I also
wrote that we had climbed from the bottom to the middle
of the pack versus competition in the U.S. I’m pleased
we continued to make progress across almost all our key operating measures this year, especially at Taco Bell, but objectively we can only give ourselves no more than a C+
grade on our 2004 performance.
“Mediocrity plus” clearly isn’t good enough for you or us and most importantly, it’s not good enough for our customers. In fact, our customers in the U.S. are telling us we are giving them a 100% CHAMPS experience only 53% of the time (up from 49% in 2003). CHAMPS stands for executional basics (Cleanliness, Hospitality, Accuracy, Maintenance, Product Quality and Speed) and we are only delivering the basic expectations of our customers half of the time.
We realize consistent execution of our brand experience is the cornerstone to consumer trust, which is critical to consistent same store sales growth. So we’re working hard on operational enablers, like new point of sale and drive thru systems, telephone access for home delivery, and technology for back of house systems. Most importantly,
RESTAURANTS
 
  6
it’s also why our single biggest global initiative is what we’ve coined Customer Mania. Customer Mania is defined as delivering our customers 100% CHAMPS with a “Yes!” attitude every single time. We’ve been on this journey for three years now training our 850,000 team members once a quarter on how to be Customer Maniacs.
In fact, Ken Blanchard, the author of One Minute Manager was so impressed with the operating culture and processes he learned Yum! is putting in place to create Customer Mania that he wrote a book on our approach and prog- ress entitled Customer Mania! It’s Never Too Late To Build A Customer-Focused Company.
While Ken gives us high marks on process, recognition and leadership, he only gave us a rating of six on a scale of one to 10 on having Customer Mania being executed by our team members at our restaurants. Clearly we can do better and we are committed to improving with urgency. We’ve made progress and can tell you with certainty we have the people, tools and processes to make a lot more. Our goal is to run the best restaurants in the business and we are on a march to make it happen. Just think what we can do as we take our operations from mediocre to good to great. Our best run restaurants always make more sales and profits so the payoff will come.
Operations Key Measures: 100% CHAMPS with a “Yes!” attitude in Every Store and Same Store Sales Growth in Every Store.
Going forward, we are galvanized around building what we call the Yum! Dynasty, driving consistent results year after year, which as you know, is the hallmark of truly great companies.
On the next page, you can see the roadmap we’ve laid out for dynasty-like performance, along with handwritten comments I always include in my New Year’s letter to our restaurant teams.
I’m often asked by investors what I see going on in our company that they don’t see. What you can’t see in the numbers is the quality way in which we are achieving them.
Our formula for success is simple: put people capability first. When we do that, we’ll satisfy our customers better than anyone and generate more profits.
First, we now have process and discipline around the things that really matter in our restaurants and in every function at our restaurant support centers.
Second, and most importantly, if you talk to our people you’d hear a universal conviction that our distinct culture is our biggest competitive advantage. It’s a high energy, people capability-first, Customer Mania work environment that is centered on spirited recognition that drives performance.
There’s no doubt in my mind that continuing to build a work environment where everyone knows they can make a differ- ence will make the biggest difference for shareholders today and tomorrow. This has been and will remain my number one priority.
I’d like to thank our dedicated team members, restaurant managers, franchise partners, and outstanding Board of Directors for their many contributions and commitment to Customer Mania. I’d particularly like to thank Jamie Dimon and Sidney Kohl who retired from our board this year, and Pete Bassi, who retired as the President of Yum! Restaurants International. Jamie, Sidney and Pete made lasting contributions to the formation and growth of our company. I would also like to thank Bonnie Hill, David Grissom, Dave Dorman and Jon Linen for the contributions they are making as our newest board members.
We have the power of Yum! and the unique growth oppor- tunities to build one of the world’s most consistent and highest performing companies. I hope you agree we are anything but your ordinary restaurant company.
Yum! to You!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 