Dear Partners,
The world of Yum! makes a world of difference when it comes to delivering consistent growth. I’m pleased to report 2005 was once again another year where we demonstrated the underlying power of our global portfolio of leading restaurant brands.
Fired by continued profitable international expansion featuring dramatic new unit growth in China, particularly strong performance at Taco Bell and KFC in the United States, and sound execution of financial strategies, Yum! Brands achieved 13% earnings per share growth, the fourth straight year we have exceeded our +10% annual target. This consistent growth was achieved in spite of a challenging worldwide environment which included record gasoline prices, Hurricane Katrina and significant con- sumer concerns in China from the perceived threat of the avian flu.
We’re proving year after year that the power of our portfolio enables us to continue to weather whatever inevitable ups and downs come our way. Our diversified worldwide business allows us to consistently deliver on the three drivers of shareholder value in the retail cat- egory: (1) solid and improving same store sales growth,
David C. Novak,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands, Inc.
While we have grown our core business, we have been making targeted investments to develop new emerging consumer markets like Russia, India and Continental Europe.
+4% in the U.S., (2) consistent new unit expansion, set- ting a record of 1,554 new openings around the world and (3) best in class return on invested capital, maintain- ing our industry leading ROIC of 18%.
What’s more, we are now a demonstrated cash machine with a strong investment grade balance sheet. In fact, after spending $609 million in capital expenditures to drive expansion and grow our core business, we had record operating cash flow that allowed us to increase our shareholder payout to over $1 billion primarily through share repurchases and by increasing our quarterly divi- dend by 15%.
Since I was quick to point out in my letter last year that our share price had climbed 37% in 2004, I want to be just as forthcoming to report the news that our shares declined 1% in 2005. Nevertheless, our annual return is 24% for the first half of this decade. And the best news of all is we are more confident than ever that we will con- tinue our track record of growing earnings per share at least 10% each year going forward. By delivering on these results, and delivering real cash flow and real earnings, we are confident the stock will continue to take care of itself. We simply are getting better and better at executing four powerfully unique strategies that bolster our claim that we are “Not Your Ordinary Restaurant Company.” Let me now give you my perspective on our opportunities, and hope- fully you’ll agree we are rightfully bullish about our future.
   Yum! Brands, Inc.
| 1.

 1Build Dominant
China Brands
We are the undeniable leader in this booming country.
Given the fact we already have the dominant brands in quick service with over 1,900 KFCs, and in casual dining with over 300 Pizza Huts, last year we featured our China business on the cover of our annual report.
Well, have you ever heard of the Sports Illustrated cover “jinx” where a world class athlete is featured on SI’s cover and then has a difficult time? As chance would have it, the same thing happened to our world class China business! After having a record first quarter, we had an unfortunate supplier issue with a KFC ingredient that should not have been in our food supply. While no customer was harmed in any way, it created a gigantic amount of negative pub- licity that resulted in a very significant decline in sales. Given the strength of the KFC brand, we steadily built back our business only to have major publicity about avian flu raise concerns later in the year about eating chicken. Even though all the experts agree that properly cooked chicken is perfectly safe to eat, perceptions are reality and our sales took another steep decline. Despite the adversity, we slightly grew profits to $211 million and opened up a record 409 new units, continuing to widen our gap versus McDonald’s. That’s because we continued to have higher volumes and higher margins than our competitor, yielding tremendous unit economics with returns that continue to be well above our cost of capital. The result is that we were able to withstand two unexpected negative sales events and still maintain a business with powerful new unit economics. KFC continues to be one of the strongest con- sumer brands, if not the strongest, in China. Pizza Hut also
has first mover advantage with no other substantial chain competitor in the casual dining segment.
I’m often asked how we developed such a tremendous China business.
Well, consider these powerful competitive advantages. It starts with an outstanding tenured local Chinese team that has worked together for over ten years building the business from scratch. In fact, we believe our China opera- tions are the best in the world. We uniquely own our own food distribution system that gives us coverage in every major province and has allowed us to expand into over 360 cities. We also have one of the largest real estate develop- ment teams of any retailer in the world. Given our rapid growth, we now have a major national advertising budget that is building brand awareness and loyalty.
This investment in infrastructure and scale has given us a tremendous head start to tap into an unprecedented opportunity. The Chinese middle class already represents 300 million urban customers who can afford our food. That’s larger than the entire U.S. population. Make no mistake, we are at the ground floor of a booming cate- gory. That’s why I always liken it to over forty years ago when pioneers Colonel Sanders, Glen Bell, Dan Carney and Ray Kroc started, respectively, KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and McDonald’s in the United States, building the quick service restaurant category from scratch.
Well, we are the pioneers in China and we fully intend to capitalize on the total opportunity. We have the bold goal to build dominant restaurant brands in every signifi- cant category. So in addition to KFC and Pizza Hut casual dining, we’ve begun to expand Pizza Hut Home Service Delivery. Just like in the U.S., at-home convenience is in the sweet spot to appeal to the time constrained customer. We are on the forefront of this trend with our pizza delivery service. Our team is also energized by the early consumer acceptance of East Dawning, which is a Chinese fast food concept we have created to provide the everyday local favorite foods of Chinese customers. We are offering an affordable great-tasting menu in appeal- ing facilities that separate us from local competition.
Our China business continues to deliver significantly higher volumes and higher margins than our
global competitors.
#
  1,792*
    YUM McDonald’s
Units in Mainland China
as of December 31st
*Does not include China Division’s Taiwan or Thailand.
735
   2. |
Yum! Brands, Inc.

We are committed to make East Dawning a success and believe it could be our highest potential concept given the obvious mass appeal of Chinese food.
As I said in last year’s letter, one thing I’m sure of is that we’ll have our ups and some unforeseen downs, but there’s not a shred of doubt in my mind that one day we will have more restaurants in China than we do in the U.S. That’s my story and I’m sticking to it!
CHINA DIVISION KEY MEASURES: +20% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; +22% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH; +400 NEW UNITS/YEAR.
brands, KFC and Pizza Hut, not to mention our other brands down the road.
There’s no question YRI is a diverse, high return busi- ness. Witness that we grew franchise fees by 17% and the fact that KFC and Pizza Hut opened 730 new units across six continents, with very little capital spending on our part. We’re focused on profitably driving interna- tional expansion in three global arenas — franchise-only markets, established company-operations markets, and emerging, less-developed markets.
When you examine our franchise-only business, you’ll see we have nearly 5,000 restaurants generating $170 mil- lion in operating profit. These businesses had another outstanding year in 2005, with system sales and operating profits both achieving double digit growth versus prior year. Double digit growth without capital spending—I’ll take it! I want to especially recognize the following franchise business units for their exceptional system sales growth: Asia +8%, Caribbean/Latin America +10%, Middle East Northern Africa +17% and South Africa +20%.
We’re focusing our international company equity in countries where we are building scale and expect to pro- duce excellent returns over the long term. The largest of these markets is the U.K. where we have almost 1,400 KFCs and Pizza Huts contributing $100 million in operat- ing profits. While our business in the U.K. has achieved a 15% growth rate over the last five years, profits declined in 2005 due to a difficult retail environment, the subway terror incident that occurred in London, and below expec- tations on operational execution. However, our brands there are fundamentally well positioned in their catego- ries and our teams are focused on turning the business around. At the same time, I’d like to give a special pat on the back to our team in Mexico, which turned in a sensa- tional year.
While we have obviously grown our core business, we also have been making targeted investments to develop new markets, with a particular focus on building local capability in India, Russia and Continental Europe. In India, we are already the fastest growing restaurant com- pany. Pizza Hut is the number one most trusted brand
Yum! Restaurants International now generates $372 million in operating profit, continuing its consistent record of growing operating profits
at least 10%.
 2 Drive Profitable International
#
Expansion
 Our Yum! Restaurants International Division, which includes over 100 countries and territories outside of China and the U.S., had another very good year. For the sixth straight year we opened over 700 restau- rants. In so doing, we generated +6% system sales growth. YRI now generates $372 million in operating profit, continuing its consistent record of growing operating profits at least 10%.
The foundation of this consistent growth comes from the competitive advantage of the infrastructure we already have in place. For this we are largely indebted to PepsiCo who, prior to our spin-off in 1997, invested 40 years and billions of dollars to establish the global network we inherited. We now have over 11,000 restaurants, 88% of which are owned and operated by our 700+ franchisees. Thankfully for us, the reality is it would take the same time and commitment for our competition to reach our size and scale. The only exception, of course, is McDonald’s, which makes $2 billion outside the U.S., which only reinforces the potential we have to grow two already popular global
   Yum! Brands, Inc.
| 3.

with over 100 units. We have also experienced early suc- cess with KFC with an offering that includes a vegetarian menu to broaden consumer appeal to one-third of India’s 1.1 billion people. In Russia, we forged a very unique partnership with Rostik’s, the leading fast food chicken brand. Rostik’s will be co-branded with KFC and feature our world famous Original Recipe. Interestingly, this was the same strategy that Colonel Sanders used to launch KFC in the U.S. when he sold his first franchise in Utah to “Harman’s Restaurant Featuring World Famous Original Recipe Chicken.” This move gives us immediate scale of 100 restaurants and the local operating capability from one of Russia’s top food service companies led by Rostislav Ordovsky. By the way, it took us over 10 years to develop 100 restaurants in China and India, so our Russian move definitely represents a bold step forward in this major, emerging consumer market.
In Continental Europe, we are achieving the largest average unit volumes we have in the world with KFC France. This is translating to very good unit economics so we are beginning to expand with both company operations and new franchisees. Unfortunately, we continue to struggle in Germany and Holland. However, the recent introduction of television advertising in Holland gives us hope that we are not far off from having an investable proposition.
Looking ahead, we have made the strategic deci- sion to put more emphasis on expanding Pizza Hut Home Delivery and Taco Bell around the globe. Given the tremendous success we have had with both these busi- nesses in the U.S., we are confident of significant profit growth over time.
I want to emphasize that developing new brands and new markets is tough. Building consumer awareness and acceptance takes time. It also takes time to build local operating capability. Our approach is more like the tor- toise than the hare. We will be patient and always mindful of overall profitability and returns. Going forward, we are committed to continue to add at least 700 new units each year and do it profitably. Consider this, excluding the China Division we only have 6,200 KFCs and 4,600 Pizza
Huts compared to over 16,000 units McDonald’s has in international markets outside China. The potential is obvious and we are determined to build our international business the right way.
INTERNATIONAL DIVISION KEY MEASURES: +10–15% OPERAT- ING PROFIT GROWTH; +5% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH; +700 NEW UNITS/YEAR.
 #
3
Be The Best At Providing Branded Restaurant Choice and Multibranding Great Brands
 The foundation of our company is a portfolio of cate- gory leading U.S. based brands that have outstanding economics on a stand-alone basis. We have individual management teams focused on making these brands more and more powerful each year by building even more relevance, energy and differentiation for our customers. Each of our brand presidents will tell you how they are doing just that later on in the report but let me share the major highlights and challenges.
First, Taco Bell arguably had the best performance of any brand in the restaurant category, generating 7% same store sales growth on top of 5% last year. Taco Bell’s “Think Outside the Bun®” advertising campaign continues to break through the clutter, featuring innovative ideas like the successful Big Bell Value Menu® and the new Crunchwrap Supreme. Given the continuous sales growth we’ve had the past five years, average unit volumes are well over $1 million and as a result the brand is now poised for significant net new unit development in 2006.
Next, KFC had a dramatic turnaround, experienc- ing +6% same store sales growth, after being down 2% last year. This result was driven by improving our value perception with customers by introducing the 99-cent
   4. |
Yum! Brands, Inc.
We have individual management teams focused
on making our brands more and more powerful each year by building even more relevance, energy and differentiation for
our customers.

KFC®Snacker, $4 complete meals and the Build Your Own Variety Bucket. The team is dedicated to be the chicken leader and bring more and more news to strengthen our Chicken Capital U.S.A. position.
Significantly, both Taco Bell and KFC achieved record sales during a time of record gas prices, proving that well- positioned and well-executed brands with strong value propositions can perform well even in the toughest eco- nomic environments.
Our biggest disappointment in the U.S. was that Pizza Hut’s sales were flat after a soft second half of the year. Frankly, we think the reason is that competition did a bet- ter job of bringing value to the category than we did. Let me assure you we are focused on this issue and are confident that we will be much more competitive going forward.
We’ve also challenged ourselves to deliver significantly higher U.S. profitability. 2005 was a tale of two cities. The first half of the year we were down 8% due in large part to commodity inflation. The second half we achieved +3% profit growth. We hope to carry this momentum into 2006.
U.S. BRAND KEY MEASURES: +5% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; 2–3% BLENDED SAME STORE SALES GROWTH.
Given the fact we are the only restaurant company to have a portfolio of leading brands, we are leading the way with what we call multibranding: offering our customers two great brands in one restaurant. Multibranding gives us the competitive advantage of branded variety. This is a Yum! Brands category innovation that is developing into a big business. We added 531 multibranding units in the U.S. this year, making our total number over 3,000. As a result, multibranding accounts for an estimated $330 million in U.S. company store profits and franchise fees.
Our most successful combination is KFC/Taco Bell. This combo represents a proven opportunity to open high return new restaurants in trade areas that used to be too expensive or did not have enough population density to go to market with one brand. Our short term focus is to target 600 rural trade areas where there’s no KFC or Taco Bell.
Longer term, our goal with multibranding is to even- tually take both Taco Bell and KFC to 8,000 units in the
U.S. compared to the over 5,000 each we have today. This may seem like a stretch but remember McDonald’s has 14,000 units in the U.S. so there’s plenty of upside as we improve our economics with higher sales.
If you’ll recall, that’s why in 2002 we acquired Long John Silver’s, the leading quick service seafood res- taurant, and A&W All American Food which offers pure beef hamburgers and hot dogs along with it’s famous root beer float. This acquisition allows us to significantly expand our multibranding potential in the U.S. with Taco Bell/LJS and KFC/A&W and KFC/LJS combinations. We are also testing LJS/A&W combos.
Recognizing the power of multibranding, Pizza Hut has also successfully created and is now expanding WingStreet, a tasty line of flavored bone-in and boneless chicken wings for its home delivery units. Pizza Hut/ WingStreet, with its 665 units, now represents the larg- est wing chain in the U.S. WingStreet is well on its way to being a national brand and will ultimately be in the vast majority of Pizza Huts.
Multibranding has the potential to have the biggest unit sales and profit impact in our industry since the advent of the drive-thru window. Our primary challenge is to continue to build the operating capability to success- fully run these restaurants. Given the additional variety, it’s simply harder to run a restaurant with two brands. We’re doing a much better job of identifying and devel- oping the right kind of managers and have made major progress simplifying our back of house systems. We are also value engineering our buildings and at the same time offering customer friendly environments. Given the enor- mous consumer appeal, when we execute well we have a winning proposition. That’s job one for multibranding going forward. I’m very confident we will get that job done and accelerate development as we do.
MULTIBRANDING KEY MEASURES: AT LEAST 550 MULTIBRAND- ING ADDITIONS PER YEAR, EARNING A RETURN ON COMPANY ADDITIONS SEVERAL POINTS ABOVE THE COMPANY’S COST OF CAPITAL.
    Multibranding has the potential to have the biggest unit sales and profit impact in our industry since the advent of the drive-thru window.
Yum! Brands, Inc.
| 5.

 4Run Great Restaurants
While we have thousands of outstanding restau- rant general managers and pockets of excellence in countries like China and Australia, this is a big opportunity for us because we have so much upside by simply executing better.
On average, our customers are telling us we are giv- ing them a 100% CHAMPS experience only 53% of the time (the same as last year). CHAMPS stands for the executional basics (Cleanliness, Hospitality, Accuracy, Maintenance, Product Quality and Speed). Anytime we fail to deliver on any one of these dimensions, we’re letting our customers down. The flip side is anytime we deliver all the basics we end up with satisfied customers and that always leads to more sales and profits. That’s why we continue to focus on Customer Mania, our single biggest global initiative. Customer Mania is defined as delivering our customers 100% CHAMPS with a “Yes” attitude every single time. We’ve made progress by investing more in management and team member training, new point of sale and back of house systems, but we recognize we are not improving fast enough. We know how much more money can be made if we move from our current state of mediocrity from good to great. I can assure you our entire organization is fixated on being the best restaurant opera- tors in our industry.
OPERATIONS KEY MEASURES: 100% CHAMPS WITH A “YES” ATTITUDE IN EVERY STORE AND SAME STORE SALES GROWTH IN EVERY STORE.
Going forward, we continue to be galvanized around building what we call the Yum! Dynasty with the result being one of the world’s most consistent and highest performing companies. On the next page, you can see the road map we’ve laid out for dynasty-like perfor- mance, along with handwritten comments I always include in my New Year’s letter to restaurant teams.
I think it is important for you to know how much we believe in the growth potential of our core business. We are con- fident the opportunities I’ve discussed will allow us to
grow earnings per share at least 10% per year for years to come. Given the tremendous success we’ve achieved and the cash flow we are generating, we have a strong balance sheet and the clear capability to make acquisi- tions. As you would expect, we’ve looked at a number of opportunities. Any acquisition we would make would have to accelerate our growth rate in the U.S. and/or leverage our international infrastructure. While I’d never say never, I will say there’s slim picking for those kinds of opportuni- ties. We’re quite comfortable investing in the core growth of our existing brands around the world and continue to increase shareholder payout through share repurchases and dividends.
I also think it’s important for you to know that we believe the single biggest competitive advantage we have is the global culture we have created. It’s a high energy, people capability first environment that is centered on spir- ited recognition that drives performance. It’s allowing us to retain and recruit the best and the brightest. And it’s allow- ing us to build process and discipline around the things that really matter in our restaurants and at our support centers. We are sharing our best practices and getting bet- ter and better every year. Believe me, we know there is so much more to do and the fun will be in doing it!
I’d like to thank our dedicated team members, res- taurant managers, franchise partners and outstanding Board of Directors. I would also like to welcome Tom Nelson as our newest board member. And most of all, I’d like to thank my beloved partner and the greatest leader I’ve ever had the privilege to work with, Andy Pearson, our founding Chairman, who passed away in March 2006. We would not be the company we are today without his pas- sion, wisdom and inspiration. He will be missed by all and his spirit will live on in our commitment to excellence.
We have a world of opportunity ahead of us. I hope you agree we are anything but your ordinary restaurant company.
Yum! to You!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
#
  6. | Yum! Brands, Inc.
