Dear Partners,
Last year in this letter I laid out our future-back vision to be The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World. I talked about how our goal is for Yum! Brands to lead the way in defining how to truly build a superlative global company, a company that sets the example others want to emulate. Given the fact we are powered by restaurant brands that customers love around the world and already operate in over 110 countries and territories with over 1 million team members, I believed then and even more so now that we have everything it takes to make this goal a reality over time. As a matter of fact, we are absolutely determined to get this done by building a famous recognition culture where everyone counts, making our brands dynamic and vibrant everywhere, demonstrating
we are truly a company with a huge heart and delivering results again and again. As you go through this report, my aim is to give you the substance behind our intentionality.
 David C. Novak
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Yum! Brands, Inc.
The substance starts with the power of Yum! Brands to deliver consistently strong results, even in tough economic and
macro environments like we faced in 2009. That’s why I’m especially pleased to report we achieved 13% Earnings Per Share (EPS) growth, marking the eighth consecutive year that we exceeded our annual target of at least 10% and achieved
at least 13%. We grew worldwide system sales 1% prior to foreign currency translation and once again strengthened our claim as the number one retail developer of units outside the United States as we opened over 1,400 new restaurants, the ninth straight year we’ve opened more than 1,000 new units. We also improved our worldwide restaurant margins by 1.7 percentage points, and operating profits grew by 9% prior to foreign currency translation and special items. For the first time we generated over $1 billion in net income and we generated $1.4 billion of cash from operations. Importantly, we continued to be an industry leader with Return On Invested Capital (ROIC) of 20%. We achieved all of our goals with the exception of our same store sales, driven in large part by a weak global economy, significant unemployment and consumer confidence. However, our overall performance proved once again the resilience of our global portfolio of leading brands to deliver consistent double digit EPS growth. As a result, our share price climbed 17% for the full year. Over the longer term, we are gratified we have returned nearly $8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases since our spin-off from PepsiCo in 1997. But the best thing about business is the unfinished business. And, I’m happy to tell you we are even more excited about the opportunities we have to continue building shareholder value. Our growth will continue to come from executing four powerful and unique strategies.
 1

 2
 
#1
Build Leading
Brands Across
China In Every
Significant
Category.
Our experienced and tremendous local team led by our Vice Chairman of Yum! Brands and President of China, Sam Su, grew our profits a whopping 25% in 2009 on top of 28% in 2008. You don’t need to be a math major (and I’m not!) to easily calculate that’s over 50% growth in two years. The good news is that we achieved these results even though our same store sales were slightly negative as the consumer generally lagged China’s relatively strong economic growth. We added a record 509 new units in Mainland China and now have nearly 3,500 restaurants that generated near
record restaurant margins of 20% in 2009. In spite of this robust profit growth, some investors have asked: “Is Yum!’s recent relatively weak same store sales performance in Mainland China an early indicator that something is wrong with the business or Yum! is growing too fast?” We believe the answer is definitively NO! Let me explain.
For a little more perspective, let me step back to 2005, a year we saw same store sales decline 3%. That year we opened up 379 new restaurants and made $211 million.
I remember some people questioned our pace of development then and the state of our business as a result of our negative same store sales. Since 2005, we have added over 1,800 restaurants and have tripled our profits to over $600 million in the China division. We have 3,400 KFCs with $1.4 million average unit volumes with margins of over 20%.
We also have 500 casual dining Pizza Huts with average unit volumes of $1.2 million and margins of 19%. Given these incredible unit economics, we can open up new restaurants with cash paybacks within 2-3 years. Our single biggest advantage is we have arguably the finest operating team in the world that knows how to satisfy customers and make money. In fact, over 70% of our restaurant general managers have at least a college education and as I like to say, the rest of them are just plain smart! This tremendous store level operating capability, combined with the fact we’ve put in a world class infrastructure, including our own food distribution system along with one of the largest real estate and construction teams anywhere in the world, has given us a huge competitive advantage, allowing us to confidently expand KFC into more than 650 cities and Pizza Hut into over 100 cities.
Our conclusion is our foundation has never been stronger. Today, just like in 2005, China is predicted to be the fastest growing major economy in the world. In fact, it is expected to grow its middle class from around 300 million today to 500 million people in 2020. Like I’ve said in the past, we will no doubt have some bumpy years, but I wouldn’t trade our long-term position in China with any consumer company in the world.
Our strategy is to leverage our undeniable strength and compete and lead in every significant category that emerges in China. With KFC and Pizza Hut, we have already established two of the most loved brands in the fast food and casual dining category and we are now successfully developing Pizza Hut Home Service, making pizza available with very efficient, low investment pizza carryout units. We are even creating our own Chinese quick service restaurant chain, East Dawning, tailored to the local favorites based on the amazing insight that Chinese people’s favorite cuisine is, believe it or
not, Chinese food! Consistent with this belief, we took a 27% stake in Little Sheep, a Chinese hot pot concept, that already has more than 375 units and tons of potential.
The way we look at it KFC can be every bit as big as McDonald’s is in the US, ultimately reaching 15,000+ units; Pizza Hut Casual can equal the casual dining leader in the US, Applebee’s, achieving 2,000+ units; Pizza Hut Home Service can match delivery category leader Domino’s in the US, achieving 5,000+ units. And East Dawning is attacking the Chinese equivalent to the hamburger category in the US, so who knows how high is
up? I always liken our China opportunity to the days when Colonel Sanders, Glen Bell, Dan Carney and Ray Kroc started KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and McDonald’s, creating category leading brands in the US. Clearly, just like the founders of the brands I just mentioned, we are the pioneers on the ground floor of a booming category in a growing mega market. Having said this, we are constantly monitoring our returns and fully intend to remain true to our commitment to never build ahead of our people capability and unit economics. Our goal is to build a quality long-term business the right way.
  25%
Profit Growth in 2009
  China Division Ongoing Growth Model: 15%+ Operating Profit Growth
 3

 4
 
#2
Drive
Aggressive
international
Expansion &
Build Strong
Brands Everywhere.
International Division Ongoing Growth Model: 10% Operating Profit Growth
Yum! Restaurants International, which operates in over 110 countries and territories outside the US and China, continues to deliver on this strategy as it delivered 5% system sales and profit growth both excluding foreign currency translation which negatively impacted our reported profits by 11 percentage points in 2009. We treasure this division’s high return franchising model with over 90% of our new restaurants built by franchisees who generate over $650 million in franchise fees, requiring minimal capital on our part. Driven by this franchisee development machine, we opened nearly 900 new restaurants in over 75 countries. That’s the tenth straight year we have opened more than 700 new units and our pipeline remains strong as we go into 2010.
Just like in China, our infrastructure represents a stand-out competitive advantage. Here, I always tip my hat to the foresight of PepsiCo which, prior to our spin-off, invested nearly 40 years and billions of dollars to establish the global network we’ve turned into a 13,000 unit powerhouse. The reality is it would take the same time and commitment for others to reach our size and scale, and frankly, we don’t expect most US competitors to have significant international businesses for a long time. As it stands, unlike the US where streets are lined with competition, we only face McDonald’s and Domino’s as major global competitors.
Meanwhile, we are off and running, widening our competitive advantage, getting stronger and more diversified every year. What excites me most is that there’s no doubt our calculated investments in high potential markets are definitely paying off. Five years ago we were just starting to make headway in France. Today France has the highest average unit volumes in the world and now the rest of Continental Europe has a proven model to follow. Five years ago, we were nowhere in Russia. Today we have over 150 co-branded KFCs with our unique partnership with the leading Russian chicken chain, Rostik’s, giving us the kind of scale it took us ten years to build in China. Five years ago, KFC was just a dream in India. Today, we have 72 units, strong sales, good margins
and are on the verge of rapid expansion. Five years ago all we could talk about was
our checkered history with KFC in Brazil. Today, we have an outstanding local franchise partner committed to growing the business. Five years ago, South Africa was our only prospect in Africa. Today we are building on our rapidly growing South African 600 unit infrastructure and just opened up in Nigeria with more countries in the wings. Five years ago, we just received our license to operate in Vietnam, a country I was surprised to learn has 80 million people. Today we have over 80 franchise units. Five years ago, we were talking about Taco Bell’s potential as a global brand. Today, I’m pleased to
say that we have entered 5 new countries in the past two years, with India opening its first Taco Bell in early 2010. Even more importantly, I’ve had the great privilege to see our teams in action and there is no question under the outstanding leadership of our YRI president, Graham Allan, our local people capability is dramatically stronger in our international markets.
I share all this with you to convey just how far we have come. YRI made $491 million
in operating profit in 2009 and together with China, accounts for over 60% of our operating profits compared to just 20% when we started our company. According to Business Week, we are one of only five companies in the world to have two of the top global brands with KFC and Pizza Hut. With the benefit of increasing global prosperity, the development of massive, under-penetrated markets, and aggressive franchisee-led growth, you can see why we genuinely believe YRI is our division with the greatest long- term potential. With only 13,000 units, we have barely scratched the surface reaching a combined population of 5 billion people.
 900
New Restaurants in 2009 outside of China and the US
   5

 6
 
#3
Dramatically
Improve US
Brand Positions,
Consistency
and Returns.
There’s no question 2009 was a very disappointing year for our US business. Overall our same store sales declined 5% as we grew profits only 1%, led primarily by a restructuring initiative we took the prior year which yielded a $65 million decrease in our general and administrative expenses. Nevertheless, we remain confident we’re taking the right steps to deliver stronger brand positioning, higher returns and consistent growth performance to tap the inherent sales opportunity and ultimate value in our 18,000 restaurants. And the good news is we have the marketing strength to do so with category leading brands along with outstanding unit economics on a stand-alone basis. We also have a system that generates a steady earnings stream of over $700 million in franchise and licensing fees. As we go forward, our strategy is to better leverage our large US restaurant asset base and all our restaurants around the world with what we have coined “incremental sales layers” in these five areas:
1) More options for consumers across our menu
2) More contemporary beverage options & unique desserts 3) Expanded dayparts, especially breakfast
4) Broader protein offerings
5) Contemporary assets
Every December we host our annual investor meeting. In 2009, we intentionally chose to highlight the fact that “85% of our profits are generated in China, Yum! Restaurants International and Taco Bell US.” In particular, we wanted to drive home the fact Taco Bell is our big US growth engine, accounting for over 60% of our US profits and consistent net unit growth with lots of potential. While Taco Bell is coming off a year when same store sales were down 1%, we had very strong profits and significantly improved our operating margins.
You might be surprised to learn Taco Bell is already the second most profitable brand in the US, one of the many reasons why we are so bullish about this brand’s future. This success is driven by the uniqueness of our food and the brand reputation for giving
our customers everyday low prices and an amazing amount of food for the money. This number one value image was fortified this past year with our “Why Pay More!” offerings that start at 79 cents. With branded value as our foundation, in the next few years we intend to bring the “sales layer” strategy to life with the introduction of the Drive-Thru Diet, featuring 9 items under 9 fat grams; launching more proteins including shrimp and pork to complement our beef, chicken and steak; attacking the snacking dayparts by expanding our Frutista line of beverages as we add desserts; introducing a Fiesta Family Meal that bundles our products up for a take home dinner; and perhaps most exciting of all, bringing Taco Bell value to the breakfast occasion. The bold goal is to ultimately leverage our assets like McDonald’s has done, 24 hours a day. While all this marketing sizzle is exciting, I’m especially pleased with the significant improvement we are making with the blocking and tackling of operations. The leading independent industry survey has consumers ranking us #2 overall as the best drive thru with top tier performance
in both speed and accuracy. At the same time we have a remodeling program that is generating solid sales and returns which is helping us refresh our assets to complement our drive for new units. Given strong unit profitability, we actually grew net new units in 2009 and believe that as we add new “sales layers,” we have the potential to go from nearly 5,200 units to Burger King levels of at least 7,500 over time. We are absolutely convinced Taco Bell is on its way to being an even better and bigger brand in every way.
That said, I want you to know we are also absolutely passionate about addressing the challenges of both Pizza Hut and KFC. In a year when all areas of the restaurant industry showed transaction declines, the dinner occasion showed the greatest decline as consumers chose to save money and eat at home. This had a significant impact on both Pizza Hut and KFC because the pizza and chicken categories were the hardest hit. But we take accountability as well for some self-inflicted wounds we need to heal.
    Taco Bell is
+60%
of our US profits, with lots of potential
 7

   8
  US Brand Key Measures: 5% Operating Profit Growth; 2% same store sales growth
At Pizza Hut our long-term strategy is to transform the brand from “pizza” to “pizza, pasta and wings.” However, our biggest issue is the need to shore up and grow our pizza sales. Here,
the consumer has told us frankly that we are simply too expensive. Basically, they are saying “we love your pizzas but we can’t afford you.” This is the primary reason why our same store sales were down 9% for the year. Faced with this reality, the vast majority of our franchise system has responded by making carry out pricing more competitive, and we have rolled out our successfully tested “$10 any way you want it” promotion which immediately resulted in a dramatic improvement in sales and traffic. More importantly for the long term, our system has seen the power of being value competitive and will continue to focus on everyday value. We also have more successfully tested value initiatives in our pipeline along with premium pizza innovation that will command premium pricing. Simultaneously, we have successfully tested and will be rolling out new ways to drive incremental occasions with our pastas and wings that we have invested in over the past couple of years. Pizza Hut is also focused on improving speed of service, and executing its “Heart of the Hut” program designed to improve hospitality. Signs are encouraging and I hope to report much more progress.
At KFC, there’s no question we have our work cut out for us as same store sales declined 4% during 2009. Unlike the rest of the world where we have a much more expansive menu and
a very strong sandwich business, KFC US is primarily a chicken on the bone bucket business. Therefore, job number one is to stabilize and grow this segment. To this end, we are fortunate to have a great leadership team addressing issues our customers have been asking us to address for a long time.
First we launched Kentucky Grilled Chicken. This product receives rave reviews and now represents around one quarter of our chicken on the bone business. And the fact is, we hate to think where we would be without it given the fact the vast majority of our customers are cutting back on fried foods. Looking ahead, we can offer our delicious chicken any way you want it, serving Kentucky Grilled Chicken and our world famous Original Recipe Chicken. We no longer have the “fried” veto vote.
Second our customers have told us we need to give them more value. So, in 2009, for the first time in our history, we launched a nationwide value menu. We also brought the value message to our Kentucky Grilled Chicken launch with $3.99 two piece meals with two sides and a biscuit. Offering everyday value will continue to play a critical role in moving this brand forward.
Third our customers have asked us to improve our operations particularly around product availability and speed of service. So we have actively raised our game by more aggressively pushing for higher standards by investing in more franchise field support, increasing operational audits and racking and stacking operating performance of both company and franchise stores.
So we are better prepared to offer the consumer more choice, better value and better service, but like I said we have more to do. Our goal is to stay focused on building the business back the right way and we expect steady progress. But just to be clear, we have not yet turned the corner.
From a financial standpoint, we are in the midst of a multi-year program to reduce our company ownership to around 5% at both KFC and Pizza Hut, down from 21% at Pizza Hut and 18% at KFC when we started at the end of 2007. This will give us an even more significant and more predictable stream of franchise revenue. And simply by reducing our general and administrative expenses from company operations, we expect to generate at least as much profit with no capital expenditures by putting these restaurants in the hands of good franchise operators.
I clearly believe we are on our way to growing each of our US brands. We continue to see our US business as an outstanding “value investment” with a tremendous asset leverage opportunity we can unlock in the coming years. But you know what, we haven’t done it yet. We know it’s up to us to walk the talk.

#4
Drive Industry-Leading Long-Term Shareholder & Franchisee Value.
We are extremely proud we continue to be a leader among consumer companies with return on invested capital at 20%. We are definitely a global cash machine, with each of our divisions generating free cash flow — or effectively funding their own capital investments. As this capital is deployed to high growth opportunities for example, in China, France, Russia, and India we expect total returns to remain strong. These returns will further improve as we continue to refranchise restaurants, which will increase our franchise fees with minimal capital investment. We are one of the unique companies that can CONTINUE to make significant capital investments year after year (nearly $800 million), AND pay a meaningful dividend (2.4% yield) AND grow EPS in double digits, AND make investments in share repurchases with excess cash flows. You should also know that we have a very strong balance sheet that gives us plenty of insulation from any unforeseen challenge. Bottom line, any way you look at it, Yum! Brands is in strong financial shape.
Shareholder & Franchisee Value Ongoing Model: Maintain an Industry- Leading Return On Invested Capital of 20%; Return Meaningful Value
to Shareholders Through Share Repurchases and a Dividend Pay-Out Ratio of 35-40% of Net Income
 2009:
ROIC 20%, EPS + 13% Yum! Stock Price +17%
 9
 
 10
 I know you would agree the only way you can be recognized as “The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World”
is to get results again and again, which is what we’ve coined as “Building the Yum! Dynasty.” And hopefully, by going fairly deep on our major strategies, I’ve given you a clear picture of the substance that underlies our confidence that we can consistently grow earnings per share 10% per year. For 2010, new unit development outside the United States drives 6 percentage points and we expect the balance of our growth to come from our base business through overall global same store sales growth of 2%, productivity initiatives and expense leverage along with an expected benefit from foreign currency translation.
Besides getting results again and again, the task we are embarking on is to drive broad scale personal ownership and accountability for making the other components of what we believe makes a “Defining Global Company:”
A Famous Recognition Culture Where Everyone Counts
Our success starts with the fundamental belief that everyone at every level can truly make a difference. This belief inspires all of us to do our very best. And one thing we’ve learned over time, is there’s nothing that people want
and enjoy more than recognition. Recognition says “I care about what you do. It matters.” And I have to tell you, our leaders will tell you the greatest driver of the results we’ve achieved is the recognition culture we have created. In fact, all of us take pride in the fact that we already serve as a best practice for other companies for the way we use fun recognition to celebrate the achievement of others and to drive results. Our leaders have their own individualized recognition awards, from giant Taco Sauce packets to Camels in the Mideast, and believe me, we have fun giving them out to the people who deserve it most. This is creating a highly spirited work environment that is serving as a magnet to retain and recruit the very best talent. The fact is too many corporations are cold, impersonal, detached from the front line and frankly, boring. So the culture we are building sets us apart and helps us build people capability which is the name of the game in any business. Our bold goal is to make our culture so vivid that our customers feel what we call our Customer Mania attitude just like Southwest and Singapore Airlines have done with their customers in their industry. As it stands today, our culture is well established at our restaurant support centers and above store levels but is inconsistently executed at our restaurants where it counts the most. While we have pockets of excellence, I view our inability to make this happen in all our restaurants as our biggest shortcoming.
I’m challenging each business to focus on step change actions to be a world class restaurant operator, resulting in store level Customer Mania. We realize a Defining Global Company will have its customers recognizing its passion for making them happy. We will settle for nothing less.
 
Dynamic Vibrant Brands Everywhere
We have established clear roadmaps to develop each of our brands. These “Plans To Breakthrough” reinforce
what makes our brands unique and call for driving that differentiation home in everything we do with our people, products, assets and promotions. We want our brands in every country to always be connecting with our customers, always reaching for new innovations and excellence, and always leading. To give people the tools, we’ve successfully cascaded our Achieving Breakthrough Results (ABR) training around the world. The charge is to have an army of ABR “black belts” who achieve the kind of breakthroughs that will make headlines in our industry. This has to be one of the most comprehensive leadership training initiatives conducted in any industry and will help us achieve more — faster — much in the same vein Six Sigma has done for manufacturing companies. What’s more, we have best practiced companies like IBM and Proctor & Gamble and invested in on-line technology that allows our people to share best practices and key learnings. We want our leaders to be “know how junkies,” wiping out “not invented here” and seeking and applying knowledge everywhere it’s relevant to the task at hand. We have given our people outstanding tools to build our business. The expectation now is for everyone to use them!
A Company With A Huge Heart
This means truly caring about others. This means opening doors and providing great
career paths that allow people to work their way up from the bottom to the top. This
means everyone getting individual development plans that will help them achieve their
potential. And as I said earlier, this means everyone counts. To us, that also means not
only feeding the world our great food, but also using our talent, time and imaginations
to save the lives of people who are at risk of starvation in remote corners of the world.
That’s why we have partnered with the United Nations World Food Programme and
have an annual hunger relief campaign that raised nearly $60 million in cash and in-
kind contributions since we began in 2007. That’s the equivalent of 240 million meals
and saving nearly 15 million children from starvation. And I’d especially like to thank
five-time Grammy winning artist Christina Aguilera who has given both her time and talent as our global ambassador for World Hunger Relief. She has helped increase awareness and funds for this critically important cause, and has inspired millions to join the movement to end world hunger. It gives us great joy to do such good work which was recently recognized when the UN named us their WFP Corporate Partner of the year. I’m also proud that Yum! donates over $45 million dollars of our company’s food to domestic food banks annually. As you can see, Yum! Brands and our franchise partners do a lot of good in the communities we serve. Check out our company’s Corporate Responsibility Report which is published online at Yum.com. A Defining Global Company will always focus on more than making money and we are doing just that.
As I go back and read what I’ve reported to this point, it occurs to me that it might seem a bit audacious to be talking about building The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World when economies continue to be soft around the world and unemployment rages on, which has clearly given us some challenges to driving topline growth. I want you to know we realize the short term environment has never been tougher and our industry has never been under more pressure. At the same time, I also want you to know that we are absolutely committed to wage the day in and day out battles that will help us continue to deliver our annual EPS target of at least 10% growth. But I also know, what really inspires people to achieve the most, is when they can participate in building something really special. And based on the feedback I’ve received from our people from all corners of the world, building The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World is an inspiring direction for our company. It’s raising our game for both the short
and long term. I’d like to thank all our team members, restaurant general managers, franchise partners and outstanding directors who are giving their all to help us get it done.
Yum! To You!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   11
WFP/Shehzad Noorani
