 Dear Partners, I’m pleased to report 2003 was a year where
 we showed the underlying power of our global portfolio of leading restaurant brands. With continued profitable inter- national expansion led by dynamic growth in China, combined with strong momentum at Taco Bell in the United States, we achieved 13% earnings per share growth prior to special items.
This growth was achieved in spite of a challenging worldwide environment which included war in Iraq, SARS in Asia, and a generally soft economy the first half of the year. Highlights include over $1 billion in operating profit, over $1 billion in cash from operating activities, and nearly $1 billion in franchise fees. In so doing, we once again achieved one of the industry’s leading returns on invested capital at 18%. After paying off $2.6 billion in debt the past six years, we now have the power of an investment-grade quality balance sheet. Given this strong performance and increasing financial strength, our share price climbed 42% in 2003, and our annual return to shareholders is 14% since becoming a public company in 1997.
Going forward, we are quite confident we can continue to achieve our goals of growing our earnings per share at least 10% each year. We have three powerfully unique growth opportuni- ties that differentiate us from our competition. After reading this report, I hope you’ll agree that we are NOT YOUR ORDINARY RESTAURANT COMPANY.
Let me explain why we think so.
#1. Driving Profitable GLOBAL Growth
On the international front we have an undeniable competitive advantage and undeniable growth opportunity with two global brands, KFC and Pizza Hut. This year we set another record as we opened 1,108 new restaurants outside the United States. That’s the third year in a row we’ve opened 1,000 or more.
Yum! Restaurants International is now our largest and fastest growing division, generating $441 million in operating profit and 22% growth in 2003. To put this in perspective, the inter- national team contributed $172 million in 1997, excluding charges for facility actions.
The root of this exciting growth stems from the competitive advantage of the tremendous infrastructure we already have in place. Today, we have strong local teams around the world, operate in over 100 countries with established supply chains, and have nearly 600 interna- tional franchisees.
 Table of Contents
 Infc Dear Partners 16 7 Yum! Dynasty Model
8 Global Powerhouse 18
10 Yum! Restaurants International 20 continues to be our Growth Engine! 22
12 Brand Power x5 24
14 Taco Bell 26
Pizza Hut
Gather ’Round the Good Stuff
KFC What’s Cookin’
Long John Silver’s/A&W Power of Choice
Customer Mania Power 100% CHAMPS with a Yes!
29 Yum! At-a-glance
30 Global Facts
31 Unit Information
32 Power of Results:
Yum! Financial Highlights
33 Financials
Inbc Power of Giving Back
Think Outside the Bun
28 Running Great Restaurants
 
  1.
 We’re continuing to focus our international company operations investment in seven countries.
We thank our friends from PepsiCo who invested billions of dollars to establish the global network we inherited for both KFC and Pizza Hut. The happy reality is that it would take years of investment for any of our competitors to reach our size and scale (with the obvious exception of McDonald’s, which already makes $1.6 billion outside the U.S., demonstrating the size of the prize).
Our plan is to leverage our big scale markets. We have 11 countries and franchise business units that have almost 500 restaurants or more. We’re continuing to focus our international company operations investment in seven of these countries that account for over 70% of our international operating profit. Our franchise and joint venture partners are driving system growth by opening more than 70% of our new international restaurants. Importantly, our franchisees are using their capital, not ours, to grow their business since we strategically elected not to invest in our franchisees’ real estate, like some other franchisors do. We love the high return franchise business!
The silver bullet in our portfolio has to be China. What a business and what an incredible opportunity! KFC and Pizza Hut already have 1,000 and 120 restaurants in China, respec- tively. We have a senior tenured team that has worked together for over ten years, building the business from scratch to where we now make $157 million in operating profit, up 42% versus a year ago.
In addition, we have the unique advantage of owning our own food distribution system that gives us coverage in every major Chinese province and access to almost the entire 1.3 billion population. We also have one of the largest real estate teams of any retailer in the world that opened up 270 new restaurants in 2003. Our China operations are also best in class, with a highly educated workforce (64% of the restaurant general managers have at least a college education, the rest are plain smart!). We estimate there are 450 million urban customers who can afford our food in the fastest growing economy in the world. KFC is already the Chinese customers’ favorite brand and Pizza Hut is the number one casual dining chain. We just opened a Taco Bell Grande dine-in format that is off to a great start. The Chinese love our food and we love China. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, there is no doubt in my mind that one day we will have more restaurants in China than we do in the U.S.
Above: The United Kingdom, one of our key high-growth markets, accounted for $97 million in operating profit in 2003.
    Left: Seventeen years after opening the first KFC in China, Yum! Brands celebrated the opening of its 1,000th restaurant, located in Beijing.
Right: KFC in China gathered all of its 1,000 Restaurant General Managers together as part of its Annual Convention to mark the 1,000th restaurant milestone.
 
  2.
We are now the leading global developer of new
restaurants. We’ve created the equivalent of a new division in China, which recently opened its 1,000th KFC and made $157MM in 2003.
 We want to
continue to add
at least 1,000 new units outside the U.S., each year, and do it profitably.
Top: Pizza Hut Korea President In-soo Cho serves up some of the new menu items in the world’s first Pizza Hut Plus, which opened in Seoul during 2003.
Bottom: A new, 70-item menu high- lights the world’s first Pizza Hut Plus restaurant in Korea. In addi- tion to the usual array of pizzas, the restaurant features a wide variety of appetizers, salads, pasta and beverages.
The biggest short-term international challenge we face is turning around our Mexico business. We have nearly 500 restaurants in Mexico that only made in total about $10 million in 2003, which is well below expectations. The good news is we have a talented team working hard to turn around same-store sales in this tough macro environment. In the meantime, we have temporarily pulled back on new Mexico development while we rebuild our existing business. We have so many profitable growth opportunities in other countries that we can turn off the capital faucet in a country, like Mexico, when we have a significant downturn and readily redeploy that capital in other markets. We want to continue to add at least 1,000 international new units each year AND we want to do it profitably. Consider this: excluding China, we only have 6,000 KFCs and 4,000 Pizza Huts compared to the 16,000 units McDonald’s has in international markets outside of China. With this kind of opportunity, we believe that we can continue to profitably grow at our 1,000+ new unit pace for many years without being heroic or foolishly chasing numbers.
Our most significant longer term challenge is developing new markets...getting to scale in Continental Europe, Brazil and India. This is tough sledding because building consumer aware- ness and acceptance takes time. It also takes time to build local operating capability. Our approach is to be patient and ever mindful of our overall profitability and returns. The promise is obvious.
Here are key measures for international: 15% operating profit growth per year, at least 7% system sales growth before foreign currency conversion, 1,000+ new units outside the U.S. and 20% return on invested capital.
In the U.S., Taco Bell is now the second most profitable QSR brand and just celebrated hitting the $1 million mark for average unit volumes. In 2003, company same-store sales were up 2% on top of 7% growth the previous year.
This result is coming from steadily improving operations and exceptional marketing. Taco Bell is now ranked #2 in QSR Magazine’s Annual Study for overall drive-thru service. And Taco Bell’s “Think Outside the Bun” advertising campaign and strong new product pipeline is among the best in the industry.
Our biggest disappointment in the U.S. this year was negative 1% and negative 2% company same-store sales growth at Pizza Hut and KFC, respectively. However, 2003 was a year of steady progress at Pizza Hut as the brand showed positive same-store sales growth seven of the last eight periods in 2003. Most importantly, the Pizza Hut team laid a strong growth foundation for this year and beyond. The brand was repositioned to target the heart of the pizza category focusing on the family and the primary decision maker, Mom.
      
   We are the leader in the chicken, pizza, seafood &
3.
  Mexican quick service categories.
A new advertising campaign, “Gather ’Round the Good Stuff TM,” was launched and is gaining traction with customers. The new product pipeline has been rebuilt with a record number of product and concept tests.
Pizza Hut is also steadily improving its operations and is the first one of our brands to achieve team member turnover of less than 100% for the full year...99.6% to be exact (the industry average is nearly 200%).
While KFC is incredibly strong internationally, it is clearly our biggest challenge in the U.S. We are, however, confident the new management team we put in place is taking the right actions to turn the brand around.
We plan a major relaunch of KFC in the second half of 2004, featuring a new menu board that features a roasted line of new products and everyday value meals. We are also emphasizing the fact that our chicken is brought to our restaurants fresh, not frozen, every day.
Just as importantly for KFC, we are making steady progress in speed of service as we roll out the same drive-thru program that worked so effectively for Taco Bell. One big advantage we have is the ability to spread our best practices.
Key measures in the U.S.: At least 7% operating profit growth per year and at least 1–2% same-store sales growth.
#2. Multibranding Great Brands
Our goal is to be the best in the world at providing branded restaurant choice. We have category-leading brands that are highly successful on a stand-alone basis. As a result, we are structured with fully staffed marketing and operating teams who wake up every single day focused on driving each brand’s differen- tiation, relevance and energy. Given the power of these individual brands, we have the opportunity to literally change the quick service restaurant industry as you know it today by offering two of our great brands in the same restau- rant...we call this strategy multibranding.
Multibranding gives us the competitive advantage of branded variety. It is already a big business for Yum!, accounting for 12% of our U.S. traditional restaurant base and generating almost $185 million in U.S. company store profits and franchise fees. Our learnings this year make
With the acquisition of A&W and Long John Silver’s in 2002, we tripled our multibrand potential in the U.S. No one else has our brand portfolio power.
Multibranding gives us the competitive advantage of branded variety.
       
   4.
We are more confident than ever that multibranding
  is potentially the biggest sales and profit driver in the restaurant industry since the drive-thru window.
us more confident than ever that multibranding is potentially the biggest sales and profit driver in the restaurant industry since the introduction of the drive-thru window.
We started with combinations of KFC/Taco Bell and Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express. We learned that we were able to add significant incremental average sales per unit, dramatically improving our unit cash flows. Our franchisees then pioneered multibrand combinations of KFC and Taco Bell with Long John Silver’s, the country’s leading seafood restaurant, and A&W All American Food, which offers pure-beef hamburgers and hot dogs along with its signature Root Beer Float. Based on outstanding customer feedback and results, we acquired Long John Silver’s and A&W in 2002. With this acquisition we tripled our multibranding potential in the U.S.
We can now open high return new restaurants in trade areas that used to be too expensive or did not have enough population density to allow us to go to market with one brand. With multi- branding, we believe we can take both KFC and Taco Bell to 8,000 units in the U.S. compared to the over 5,000 each we have today. As we expand, we expect to take volumes to an average of at least $1.1 million per restaurant.
One of the most exciting learnings we had in 2003, is that Long John Silver’s is performing even better than expected...we call it our hidden jewel. That’s because there is no national fish competitor in the QSR industry and consequently there is pent-up consumer demand for seafood. In addition to outstanding sales results with KFC and Taco Bell, we have created a Long John Silver’s/A&W combination that allows us to expand into “home-run” trade areas where we know demand is high and KFC and Taco Bell are already there. The results have led us to a “fish first” strategy with the goal of making Long John Silver’s a national brand.
I’m also pleased to report that we have created on our own a new multibrand concept called WingStreet, which is a tasty line of flavored bone-in and bone-out chicken wings. We believe that WingStreet can be an ideal multibrand partner for Pizza Hut’s delivery service. Initial customer response is promising. We also acquired Pasta Bravo, a California fast casual chain with an outstanding line of pastas at great value, to be a partner brand with Pizza Hut’s traditional dine-in restaurants. Franchise testing is underway. We are confident multibranding will be every bit as successful at Pizza Hut as it has been for our other brands.
In last year’s report, I stated that the biggest multibranding challenge is building the operating capability to successfully run these restaurants. That’s still a fact. With branded variety comes complexity. However, we have structured and invested to drive execution and it’s paying off. We now have a fully dedicated team of operating experts who have improved back of house
    Top: The popularity of the Long John Silver’s brand grew in 2003 as it became the partner-of-choice in Yum!’s new Multibrand restau- rants. This year, Yum! has adopted a “fish first” strategy of using the Multibrand development concept to get Long John Silver’s distribution up to at least 3,000 units and make it a national brand.
Bottom: Multibranding offers our customers more choice and conve- nience by bringing together two of our great brands under one roof.
     
 Customer Mania is about having a Yes! attitude,
5.
culture and mindset 100% of the time.
integration and systems, value engineered our facilities, developed WOW building designs and most importantly, improved people capability. While execution still remains our number one challenge, we are getting better and better. Improved margins and customer measures are evidence. Further proof in the pudding is that 50% of our multibranding units are being opened by franchisees who are putting their own hard-earned money into the game because they believe that the payout is there.
Again, this multibranding opportunity is unique to Yum! We clearly have first mover advantage. No one else has our brand portfolio power, plus our operational learnings put us well ahead of the pack.
Multibranding key measures: 500+ U.S. multibrand additions per year and at least mid-teen internal rates of return.
#3. Running Great Restaurants
While we have pockets of excellence around the globe, our customers are telling us we could only give ourselves a “C” or mediocre grade in operations execution. We’re making progress as we’ve climbed from the bottom to the middle of the pack versus competition, but mediocrity is miserable from our point of view. The bright side is we now have the key processes in place that are necessary to be a great restaurant operating company. We have standard- ized and are now implementing our best operating practices around the world: Customer Mania Training, CHAMPS (which measures operational basics like Cleanliness, Hospitality, Accuracy, Maintenance, Product Quality and Speed), Balanced Scorecard, CHAMPS Excellence Review and Bench Planning. The key now is to execute these tools that we know work with urgency.
As we do, we are fixated on two key measures that reflect the kind of consistency we want to drive across Yum! Brands:
1) SAME-STORE SALES GROWTH IN EVERY STORE.
2) 100% CHAMPS WITH A YES! ATTITUDE IN EVERY STORE.
Why are these two measures so important? If we are driving same-store sales growth, we are doing a better job of satisfying more customers. If we are achieving 100% CHAMPS with a Yes! attitude, we are giving our customers the basic experience they deserve and expect. Of course, the opposite is true when we don’t.
 If we’re achieving 100% CHAMPS with a Yes! attitude, we’re giving our customers the experience they deserve and expect.
 At A&W All American Food, customers keep coming back for our pure 100% ground beef burgers served hot, fresh and sizzling every time. Our deli- cious Double Bacon Cheeseburger, pictured below, is our number one selling burger!
     
 6.
We are anything but your ordinary restaurant company.
  Our goal is to be the best restaurant operator in our industry.
 David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Yum! Brands, Inc.
We obviously have a major opportunity to improve. For example, at Taco Bell where we had our best U.S. company same-store sales growth of +2% in 2003, only 66% of our restaurants had sales growth and only 42% of the CHAMPS scores reached 100%. We have uneven perfor- mance like this at every brand in almost every country in the world. This only shows us how much upside we have to grow by Running Great Restaurants.
We are striving to train 840,000 team members across our system once a quarter on how to be Customer Maniacs. We began this training this year and turnover is down, complaints are down, and compliments are up. CHAMPS scores are improving. We’re making progress but we know we can and must get better. Our goal is to be the best restaurant operator in our industry.
As we march ahead, our entire organization is focused on building what we call the Yum! Dynasty, driving consistent results year after year, which is a trademark of truly great compa- nies and rising shareholder value. On the next page you can see the roadmap we’ve laid out for dynasty-like performance, along with some of my handwritten comments I always include in my New Year’s letter to our restaurant teams.
What you can’t see in our numbers, but I hope you can get a sense of in this report, is the power of the worldwide culture we are building. It’s a high energy, people capability first, customer mania culture that is centered on spirited recognition that drives performance. If you talk to our people, you’d hear a universal conviction that the culture we are building is our true secret weapon. I’m confident we will execute our unique strategies because our outstanding people and our tremendous franchisees are galvanized around building our business the right way.
In particular, I especially want to thank the Restaurant General Managers who have driven their same-store sales and achieved 100% CHAMPS scores. You are our number one leaders for a reason. Only RGMs can build the team of Customer Maniacs that can satisfy our customers. I appreciate your daily focus to deliver 100% CHAMPS every shift and your passion to build a team of 100% Customer Maniacs. I tell everyone the basic truth of our business: “Show me a great RGM and I’ll show you a great restaurant.” That’s because customers see the difference in the service and we see the difference in our profits.
I’d also like to thank our dedicated Board of Directors, especially Ron Daniel and John Weinberg who retired this year, for their contributions and passion for helping us build dynasty-like performance.
We have the power of Yum! and a great future. I hope you agree we are anything but your ordinary restaurant company.
YUM! TO YOU!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Yum! Brands, Inc.
Exciting products are constantly coming through the pipeline at Yum!’s individual brands. One such product is Taco Bell’s Cheesy Gordita Crunch, delivering the dynamic contrast of a crunchy taco shell inside a warm, soft Gordita flatbread held together with a melted three-cheese blend.
         