Dear Stakeholders,
We are on a journey. A journey that has covered 95 years ... so far. The businesses that we started with--Dairy Foods, Animal Nutrition and Crop Inputs--are the businesses that continue to provide us with a farm-to-fork competitive advantage today. Our focus on value-added branded products and services and a marketplace back business model differentiate us from other cooperatives and continue to be key strategic drivers of our business. These strategies, implemented by a high-performing workforce, resulted in a record year in 2015 for Land O'Lakes, Inc. both financially and strategically. This achievement is even more noteworthy given the significant headwinds our industries experienced during the year including As good of a year as 2015 was financially, it was an even better year strategically. We completed the largest merger in company history, combining the United Suppliers crop protection and seed business with our WinField business. In a consolidating marketplace, this merger gives us the size and scale necessary to effectively compete and negotiate on behalf of our members and independent retailers. We bought a controlling interest in Villa Crop Protection, a South African crop inputs distribution company; it is our first commercial investment on a continent where agriculture will continue to grow significantly. We moved some talent within our organization, bringing new focus to the way we go to market in our Purina Animal Nutrition business. We also continued to build strength in key corporate and functional leadership roles and accelerated our acquisition of best talent for the next leg of our journey by continuing to build relationships with key universities. We are on a journey, but we are not at our destination. 2015 was a record year, and we should pause to celebrate our collective successes. However, we need to continue to focus on how we can leverage our cooperative system to continue to grow and succeed for the next 95 years. We need to leverage the talent, technology and brands of Land O'Lakes throughout the system. We need to move forward with purpose; we have the opportunity to play a significant role in helping to solve the world's food challenges. Thank you for your business and your support of Land O'Lakes.

Membership

2,259
DAIRY PRODUCERS

1,273
AG PRODUCERS

increased regulation, wild commodity markets and consolidation. Each of our businesses contributed to our 2015 financial success. Despite challenging commodity markets, Dairy Foods improved its year-over-year profit by 109 percent with growth across the portfolio. In Animal Nutrition, we are reinventing the feed business while still delivering a record

799
CO-OP MEMBERS

pre-tax year of $58 million. And in Crop Inputs, value-added products and insights delivered a performance close to last year's strong results in a year when many in the crop inputs business suffered through a tough financial year. We have the strongest balance sheet we have had in company history. And very importantly, we will return near-record cash to our members and deliver strong Section 199 deductions.

Sincerely,

Chris Policinski
PRESIDENT CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Pete Kappelman

2015 ANNUA L R EP ORT

3

