  Dear Stakeholders,
For agriculture and for Land O’Lakes, Inc., 2018 was a year marked by change, challenge and transition. Just like most industries, food and agriculture were disrupted by many factors, from increasing consumer demands for transparency and choice to changing marketplace dynamics and their effects on rural America. As these factors converged, opportunity has emerged.
In evaluating these opportunities, Land O’Lakes is working to deliver for our members, tell the story of the rural American way of life and bring attention to its value. The future will be built on technology and differentiated service, branded products and innovation in unique and unexpected areas. 2018 has given us the founda- tion for this work.
Taken together, in 2018, Land O’Lakes delivered $313 million in pre-tax earnings with record-set- ting sales of $15 billion. These earnings exclude the impact of a one-time charge of $72 million related to the Company’s participation in a multi-employer pension plan, unrealized hedging gains and losses and vendor rebate adjustments. During this challenging time in the agriculture industry, we are also very proud to have returned a record $194 million in cash to members in 2018.
Dairy Foods capitalized on its focus on growth areas in the sector. Marketplace-back, on-trend convenience foods, snack, desserts and food service delivered strong performance, helping
Thank you,
offset a milk powders market that reflected compressed margins. The business delivered competitive patronage of 26 cents per hun- dredweight for members with equity balances below the $2.75 per hundredweight target, and 29 cents for those with equity balances of $2.75 per hundredweight or more.
In Animal Nutrition, our insights and breadth of our product offering, from nutritional additives to multiple species categories, helped mitigate a challenging livestock environment, in which pro- ducers were sometimes trading down, helping deliver in strong results. In fact, 2018 was one of our most profitable years to-date.
For Crop Inputs and Insights, the business results reflected a shift in product mix attributed to lower commodity markets and the general decline of farm income.
Our Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN business, which we created to help the grower mitigate envi- ronmental impact while increasing profitability, welcomed new customers this year and new partnerships with organizations like Environ- mental Defense Fund.
As we adjust to the challenging and chang- ing agricultural operating environment, we are proud to advocate for, serve and represent the extraordinary people who feed the world. Solid performance in a disrupted environment would not be possible without your support.
  Beth Ford, President and CEO
Pete Kappelman, Chairman of the Board
LAND O'LAKES, INC. : : 5
 — A MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO + CHAIRMAN —
