Strong year, healthier business

"During the past two years, our employees demonstrated exceptional loyalty and commitment to create the CH2M of today--combining innovative thinking, 21st century technology and a focused business model to deliver a differentiated value proposition to our clients."

With the 70th anniversary of CH2M's founding in 2016, I'm pleased to share this report on our performance and the remarkable future ahead.

We're building on an inspiring legacy: the time-tested culture and values instilled by founders Holly Cornell, Jim Howland, Burke Hayes and Fred Merryfield, and made stronger by like-minded partners and companies that joined us, including the enduring legacies of Clair Hill's original proprietorship founded in 1938; Halcrow, established in the United Kingdom in 1868; and Lockwood Greene, America's oldest professional services firm, founded in 1832. It's heartening to know that the culture and values embedded in the firm hold true in the experience of those who work with CH2M today--whether as employees, clients or partners--in the respectful, collaborative, entrepreneurial, compassionate and positive way we work. My purpose in sharing this companion report to our annual proxy is to foster a deeper appreciation of how these values and our culture positively impact our performance and governance. It's important to me that the people we serve understand our business and what we stand for and that our stakeholders understand the mindful and accountable way we consider their interests as we manage the company. I especially want to take this opportunity to communicate with our shareholders--the outstanding current and former employees of the firm--to review the turnaround in performance from 2014 to 2015 and the ongoing challenges to our employee ownership capital structure. At CH2M, we have a calling. We love working with principled clients to solve their most complex challenges. We seek to deliver solutions that improve lives and the condition of our planet. To each and every one of us, this is more than a job or career; it is a passion that defines our people, the CH2M brand and our corporate reputation.

During the past two years, our employees demonstrated exceptional loyalty and commitment to create the CH2M of today-- combining innovative thinking, 21st century technology and a focused business model to deliver a differentiated value proposition to our clients.

The journey to a strong year and healthier business
The headline for 2015 was "Strong year, healthier business." We made great strides in driving transformational changes throughout our business, from project delivery and risk management to the operational approaches we employ. We improved our business portfolio and financial performance. And we strengthened our strategy in terms of how we identify, prioritize and serve our clients. As a result, we increased client satisfaction, won more follow-on work and improved our sales efficiency and capture rates. When I became CEO in January 2014, my priorities were to strengthen our leadership team, improve our financial position and implement a refined strategy focused on growth and improved profitability. In the two years since, our team has focused on exiting unprofitable and high-risk lines of business, simplifying our organization and leveraging our core strengths and clients. We restructured, eliminating more than $160 million in costs and brought on a preferred minority investor, Apollo Global Management, whose equity added strength to our balance sheet. We refocused our strategy and people around a client-centric approach and a lower-cost delivery model. We refined our portfolio toward clients we can serve with differentiation and distinction and with whom

we can maintain a long-term relationship. We believe this strategy will increase our ability to win market share--and realize attractive returns--across our spectrum of selected service offerings, markets and geographies. We remain focused in our journey to achieve our aspirations and break down silos among business groups and regions, while improving our management discipline, sales and project delivery. And we are reemphasizing the core values and behaviors that form the foundation of CH2M's corporate culture, reputation and market leadership. Our core values serve as a catalyst to focus intensely on what is most important--the safety of our people and delivering value to our clients. We have received a record number of honors and awards from our clients and our industry, and we achieved record safety performance approaching benchmark status in our industry. I can think of no truer testament to the tenacity of our people who remain vigilant in providing our clients with the distinctive and safety-minded service for which we're known. I am humbled and heartened by the spirit and allegiance our people have demonstrated during a season of transformational change. While 2014 was known to be the worst year in our 70-year history, 2015 stands in sharp contrast. We emerged determined and focused--and as our 2015 results attest, a stronger company. For all our years in business, this may have been our finest hour. We earned $80 million in net income in 2015, which is $2.61 per diluted share, on $5.36 billion in revenue, a remarkable rebound from our 2014 full-year loss of $182 million, or $6.42 per share! And we're carrying momentum into 2016. Taken all together, we have a compelling comeback story in the making.

In our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet, we increased cash flows and credit capacity throughout the year, nearly doubling cash from operations to $105 million and ended the year with $197 million in cash and cash equivalents. And we reduced total debt outstanding to $302 million, with $530 million of available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility-- all of which create greater flexibility for us to invest in the company's future. We achieved a $163 million reduction in selling, general and administrative expense, improving it to 17 percent of revenue versus 20 percent last year--evidence we're applying overhead resources more efficiently, returning more to the bottom line. With profitable growth as our top priority, we're building momentum for top-line improvement as well. We increased contracted gross margin from new wins, or "New Gross Margin In," by 7 percent for the year. In addition, we increased our sales capture rate by 30 percent and improved sales efficiency by 16 percent. In all, we've added $2.1 billion to backlog since last year, bringing our total to $10.3 billion at the end of 2015. All in all, we executed well in 2015 compared with 2014, and we were rewarded with an impressive 31-percent rise in our stock price, from $47.86 per share, effective Feb. 20, 2015, to $62.89 per share, effective Feb. 22, 2016. Our well-diversified portfolio worked in our favor throughout the year, as challenging macroeconomic conditions put pressure on valuations, including many of our competitors whose market value declined in 2015.

Jacqueline C. Hinman Chairman and CEO

4

2015 Summary Annual Report

5

Key elements of profitable growth

Megatrend markets
Growth top line
Ethics and integrity Corporate citizenship Preferred employer

Client centricity

"We're organizing around our clients, focused squarely at the intersection of high-demand, megatrend markets we are uniquely positioned to serve."

While I'm happy with the progress we've made, we still have much more to do. In 2016, we will further expand our highperforming shared services and engineering centers to achieve additional cost savings and greater efficiency. We will sharpen our competitive edge by further emphasizing our client-centric strategy to bring the best of the broader company to each client, paying close attention to knock down internal barriers that can limit growth opportunities in large companies. We also will further evaluate our network of offices to ensure we're bringing the best value proposition to the clients they serve--distinguished by our ability to deliver global market innovation to any client, while delivering exceptional local stakeholder, community and regulatory knowledge and outcomes that ensure client and project success. While local stewardship markedly differentiates CH2M in the industry, we must continually manage the balance between investments required to maintain a global network of local offices and the level of return we and our clients receive from each.

Our Great Cities initiative provides an example that leverages CH2M's broad expertise in design, engineering, infrastructure development, program management and technology services to serve growing urban centers. From London to Los Angeles, we're delivering solutions for water conservation and replenishment, resiliency, multimodal transportation, environmental protection and remediation, energy services, industrial and urban development, and historic preservation-- all inclusive of social, ecological, funding and economic development considerations. We also are working with leading technology partners and clients on innovations such as machine-to-machine automation for industrialization, sensor-enabled solutions for driverless cars and the digitization of infrastructure systems. It is an exciting time to be an innovation leader in our industry! Refining our strategy and operating model to serve such significant opportunities builds our confidence to create sustained, long-term growth and value. The six key elements of our differentiated growth framework are: 1. A best-in-class approach to client centricity and account management that capitalizes on our culture and capabilities for value creation. We focus on a select number of key clients with whom we maintain enduring, mutually beneficial relationships-- often across varied geographies and services--to be viewed as their preferred, trusted partner providing a wide range of holistic and sustainable solutions. Our focused client strategy enables us to win by 1) building simplicity into solutions with a nimble response to complex challenges and changing stakeholder expectations; and 2) managing risk by evaluating solutions from a mutually beneficial perspective for both the client and CH2M.

bottom line Profitability

Global shared services
Culture and values

Balanced global/local delivery

2. A focus on growing, on-trend markets and geographies that should serve us for years to come. Please see the Global Megatrends infographic on pages 12 and 13 for an in-depth look a where we think these megatrends will converge. 3. A global services and local delivery platform structured for improved value creation with greater reliance on costeffective, global design centers and shared services. This platform provides an integrated spectrum of competitive capabilities from consulting, planning engineering and design to program management, operations and maintenance, and select design-build projects that fit our risk profile. By combining broad, global experience bringing technical, business and industry innovation with local citizenship and expertise navigating public and regulatory issues, we're able to deliver the best solutions serving all stakeholder interests, resulting in a superior value proposition for clients and higher margins for CH2M.

4.We operate with the highest standards of ethics and integrity, underpinned by a strong framework and processes for assuring our performance. I am also pleased that our company again ranked among the Ethisphere Institute's list of the 131 World's Most Ethical Companies in 2015, as well as in 2016, making CH2M the only company in the industry to achieve this distinction for eight consecutive years. 5. A passionate commitment to corporate citizenship that is a driver of value creation for our clients, supported by community investment through our CH2M Foundation, active employee giving and volunteerism across our network of local offices around the world and strategic alliances. Our corporate partners include organizations such as The Nature Conservancy, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, Engineers without Borders (USA), Let's Talk Science (Canada), Engineering Residential Programme (UK), Think Science Programme (UAE), International Red Cross, Water For People and Bridges to Prosperity. We also measure and update our performance annually using the Global Reporting Initiative Index.

Delivering our promise and creating long-term value
Our value proposition and profitable growth prospects proceed from the greater purpose at the heart of CH2M: with the clients and communities we serve, we lay the foundation for human progress. We turn challenge into opportunity. We deliver on that promise by organizing around our clients, focused squarely at the intersection of high-demand, megatrend markets we are uniquely positioned to serve. We plan to win more work and outpace the growth trajectory of our industry.

6.A reputation as a preferred employer of the most talented and diverse professionals across our core disciplines. We hire people who share our purpose and values, specifically seeking those who aspire to be leaders in their fields, are strong team players, and whose behaviors reflect our distinguished corporate culture. We earn and sustain this reputation through our strong commitment to recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining the best people in our industry. And we know that our style of employment and career development is working. In 2015, we achieved banner results: a record number of job applicants (more than 186,000, far exceeding our 25,000 person workforce!); record ratings by recruiting engines such as LinkedIn (where we have achieved a superior Talent Brand Index, ranked among the Top 100 Most In Demand employers for any industry); and recognition for our commitment to diverse talent worldwide. We believe this growth framework is critical to our ability to grow and deliver sustainable value for our clients, employees and shareholders.

6

2015 Summary Annual Report

7

"We have a good, diverse mix of leaders with a variety of experience, differing perspectives, ideas and solutions ... whether they agree or respectfully disagree, they remain mindful of the higher purpose we serve. Ultimately, this team is about what is right, not who is right."

Our leadership team
Today's 30-person senior leadership team is the finest I've worked with since I joined the company more than 25 years ago. It's a good, diverse mix of leaders with a variety of experience, leadership traits and tenure. They bring differing and therefore valuable perspectives, ideas and solutions. They are open to learn from one another, and whether they agree or respectfully disagree, they remain mindful of the company and higher purpose we serve as they reflect, debate and collaborate for greater good. Ultimately, this team is about what is right, not who is right. They demonstrate extraordinary alignment in their commitment to our company, their collaboration around our mission and their individual accountability to achieve it. We have worked hard to recruit and develop this high-performing team, and we will continue to improve in the years to come, to make good decisions and actively support each other while leading with courage and passion to drive our business forward. Of course, with a team of high achievers, there is a strong desire for great performance. This leadership team pulled off CH2M's turnaround in 2015, positioning the company for excellence in the years ahead. We're winning together and sharing a lot more smiles and laughter lately.

We recently refreshed our company's brand to reflect our culture and re-emphasize the principles that guide how CH2M employees behave and make decisions.

Continuous improvement
We like the fact that our firm stands apart, known not only for what we do but the way we work. To stay on a sustainable course of profitable growth and remain nimble, we continue to strengthen the systems that support our daily activities, including:  Systems to ensure superior health, safety, environment and quality performance.  A values and reward system that reinforces collaborative, ethical, inclusive, non-hierarchical behavior and corporate citizenship.  Investment in continuous learning and development of unique technical expertise, innovation, processes and thought leadership in our chosen markets, core services and delivery platforms.  Management, leadership and training systems that support our unique  client-centric approach.  Engagement-building development, communications and social media platforms connecting employees and stakeholders. We are strengthening these systems in tandem with our transformational initiatives to ensure everyone in the company understands the enduring values that differentiate CH2M, calling out efficiencyrobbing behaviors while reinforcing those that support our vision for long-term, profitable growth and value creation. This is a powerful and worthwhile investment in our company and in our people that reminds us

of the caring, fun, vibrant, intelligent brand personality embodied in CH2M since its founding. As founder Jim Howland wrote in the Little Yellow Book distributed to all employees to celebrate our culture: "Do good work. Make a profit. Enjoy life."

Our board and governance
We also are continuously striving to reinforce the company's culture and mission as central to the governance provided by the CH2M Board of Directors to oversee and guide our management team in maximizing shareholder value while performing as a commercially successful, socially responsible company that delivers outstanding services to our clients. With this responsibility our board engages deeply and thoughtfully in the company's financial reporting and performance on measures of ethics and regulatory compliance. In 2015 we added two new, independent directors from Apollo Global Management, our preferred equity investor, and increased the board size to 13 members in keeping with current bylaws requiring a majority of inside directors--now seven, reflecting the firm's employee-ownership structure--and six independent directors. In contrast, public companies whose shares are listed on openmarket exchanges typically maintain a strong majority of outside directors, with the CEO serving as the sole insider on the board. As a board, we have paid particular attention to best practices in governance and compliance, including requirements of the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission for all CH2M public filings. Our board also regularly reviews our performance against value creation and growth objectives outlined in the company's strategy, with excellent boardroom dynamics fostering engaged discussions among employee and independent directors. The board's work also is accomplished through

in-depth, focused committees and sessions convening all members for governance actions and oversight. We regularly evaluate compensation and benefits; quarterly and annual performance against plans; and management succession and development to ensure bench depth with the right mix of leaders for the future. In the past two years the board has been engaged in the company's restructuring and turnaround strategy, growth strategy, business development activities, culture refresh, risk management and operational discipline improvements. These boardlevel efforts have contributed greatly to our improved financial performance and strong, long-term outlook. The board also has engaged in considerations surrounding the company's capital structure to improve our liquidity, strengthening our capacity to return more value to our shareholders and sustain growth investments for the long-term. Finally, at the end of each board meeting, board members convene in executive session without me present--a practice I appreciate because it fosters open and candid discussion among employee and independent board members about the company, our performance and the leadership I'm providing as the CEO responsible for serving all CH2M stakeholders. The practice encourages all directors to voice concerns, identify areas of success and discuss issues in a productive forum. After each of these sessions, the board's lead director or another independent member provides me with constructive feedback and recommendations. Since this shareholder letter is being published concurrent with our 2016 proxy, I want to call your attention to the Board

Compensation Committee's active oversight of our compensation and benefit programs and executive compensation in particular. I encourage you to read more about our philosophies and the analysis provided in the proxy because it is important you know how our compensation strategy reflects CH2M's culture and values. We strive to offer fair compensation in comparison with our competitive market. However, we are generally more restrained when it comes to executive compensation at CH2M. We pay for performance delivered, but we do not offer executive perks, compensation guarantees, excessive bonuses or other agreements.

We've managed through some challenging times, worked together to improve and emerged stronger. Reflecting on this reminds me of a quote from Confucius, who said, "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." I am proud we stood together to reflect, improve and rise to embrace our future. As we celebrate our 70th year, I cannot help but wonder what our founders would think if they could see CH2M today. I believe they would be incredibly proud, as I am, of our people's amazing accomplishments, who exemplify CH2M's culture and values, make a positive difference in the world and deliver the greater promise and purpose our founders envisioned when they started our firm. At 70 years young, CH2M is back on track, going strong and poised well for the future! I want to thank our employees, our clients and our shareholders for their enduring commitment to our great company.

Capital structure alternatives
Early in 2016, the board of directors took formal action to explore alternatives to our ownership model to address shareholder liquidity limitations given the demographics of our employee-shareholder base and capital requirements to support growth. Approximately 80 percent of CH2M shareholders are age 50 or older, and 48 percent are 60 or older. The growing demand for share buybacks, coupled with paying off debt and investing in the company's future, strain the cash capacity available in the context of our employee ownership structure. The challenge we face is not unusual; employee-owned firms typically evolve their capital structures over time, particularly as they grow and appreciate in value. To assist management, the board is forming a special subcommittee to provide additional oversight and guidance for this important process. We may implement such a change as early as 2017 and plan to update shareholders as appropriate. All shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on any recommendation consistent with our charter and bylaws.

Our culture
Celebrated studies on corporate culture have all concluded that a strong and aligned corporate culture is an essential element of success and value creation. We couldn't agree more. The people we touch in the work we do often comment on the unique, positive culture we exemplify at CH2M. We believe it is a competitive advantage in our industry, and it is one we have nurtured over our history. Even the best cultures can use a little modernization.
8

Jacqueline C. Hinman Chairman and CEO

2015 Summary Annual Report

9

