I want to tell you about our exceptional performance in 2002 for our mission and business of expanding home- ownership in America. However, I also recognize the need for companies and their chief executive officers
to help restore and strengthen shareholder trust and confidence in corporate America. Certainly, Fannie Mae is no exception. Indeed, investor trust in our company is crucial to our business and mission as we raise capital from investors to finance homes.
Fannie Mae aspires to be a model company that inspires the confidence of our shareholders. As I describe our corporate performance for 2002, I also want to share with you Fannie Mae’s cutting-edge corporate governance practices that exemplify our values. It is our exceptional values that make our exceptional performance as a company possible.
Fannie Mae’s 2002 financial performance:
among our best years in history
Fannie Mae’s core business results for 2002 were among the best in the company’s history.
• Total business volume grew by 38 percent for a new record of nearly $850 billion.
• Total book of business grew by over 16 percent.
• Mortgage portfolio grew by nearly 12 percent.
• Outstanding mortgage-backed securities grew
by nearly 20 percent.
• Core taxable-equivalent revenue grew to $12 billion,
nearly 17 percent growth.
• Core business earnings per share (formerly, operating
earnings per share) grew by over 21 percent.
Fannie Mae produced this record year in spite of a weak economy and volatile markets for a very simple reason:
Our business is structured and managed to maintain disci- plined growth and to keep expanding homeownership in America throughout all economic conditions, both good and challenging.
What does “disciplined growth” mean at Fannie Mae?
For Fannie Mae, growth means that our core business earnings have grown faster than the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and the Nasdaq over the past 16 years.
For the past 16 years, Fannie Mae has produced double- digit increases in core business earnings per share, putting us among the best of the S&P 500 companies.
Fannie Mae’s strong, steady growth is based on the strong, steady growth of our market, which is the
stock of outstanding mortgages to be managed. That is why we say, “As the American Dream grows, so do we.”
During this decade, Fannie Mae’s market is projected to grow by 8-10 percent per year, which is faster than the 7 percent annual growth of the 1990s, and faster than most “growth” industries. Already our market
grew by over 10 percent in 2001 and over 12 percent in 2002. Moreover, Fannie Mae has grown faster than the market because we specialize in funding and managing the most popular, consumer friendly mortgage —
the long-term, fixed-rate mortgage.
Fannie Mae’s growth, however, is “disciplined,” meaning that we put a premium on stable financial performance and consistent return to investors under all economic conditions. The result has been extraordinarily low volatility and high stability in core business earnings growth for 16 years in a row. The fact that 2002 was an exceptional year for Fannie Mae in spite of the slow economy and unusually volatile interest rates is a testament to our disciplined growth model.
Letter to Shareholders
To Our Shareholders: In a challenging year for corporate America and the U.S. economy, the nation’s housing sector continued to be robust as the building, buying, and financing of homes produced another record year for the industry, especially for the chief source of funds for American families to buy homes, Fannie Mae.
FANNIE MAE 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3

  4
FANNIE MAE 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
Fannie Mae produced this record year in spite of a weak economy and volatile markets for a very simple reason: Our business is structured and managed to maintain disciplined growth and to keep expanding homeownership in America throughout all economic conditions, both good and challenging.
Performance for Fannie Mae shareholders
is crucial to our mission
Fannie Mae’s performance for you, our shareholders, is crucial to our company. Your ownership makes possible our mission and business of expanding homeownership in this country, offering every family regardless of their means a better chance to achieve the American Dream. By growing our earnings and providing you with a good return, we can grow our capital. By growing our capital, we can grow our business. As Fannie Mae’s business grows, so do the benefits we provide — lower-cost mortgage funds — to more and more families in America.
For example, our disciplined business growth has steadily increased our core business earnings from 39 cents a share in 1987 to $6.31 in 2002, and we just increased the dividend on our common stock by 18 percent, which reflects our confidence in our earnings going forward.
At the same time, our disciplined growth also lowers conventional conforming mortgage rates. You can see this result in the mortgage rate charts published every Saturday in the real estate section of most newspapers. The mortgages Fannie Mae finances are always cheaper than the jumbo loans listed there, and much cheaper than subprime loans; we save home buyers anywhere from $11,000 to as much as $200,000 over the life of their loans. Furthermore, since 1987, the maximum loan amount eligible for Fannie Mae’s financing has more than doubled from around $150,000 to over $300,000, which means more homeowners can benefit from
our service.
Thus, Fannie Mae’s disciplined growth brings the
interests of shareholders and the interests of home buyers into perfect alignment. Our mission and our business complement each other. Your ownership of Fannie Mae makes more homeownership possible for more Americans.
Fannie Mae’s governance principles: openness, integrity, responsibility, accountability
What fuels the success of our mission and business are the principles that underly our approach to corporate governance and management: Openness. Integrity. Responsibility. Accountability. Fannie Mae puts a premium on upholding these simple, core principles in our corporate mission, business, and culture for an important reason: Trust is uniquely crucial to our company.
Fannie Mae’s mission is to raise private capital from investors in America and all over the world so that home buyers across our nation have a steady source of low-cost funds to finance homes. So we must earn and ensure the trust of investors, shareholders, and other stakeholders every day.
To earn and ensure that trust, Fannie Mae operates by the following principles of corporate governance:
Openness. Fannie Mae’s standard is to maintain best-in-class financial disclosures.
Our goal is to provide investors, shareholders, and other stakeholders with the clear, comprehensive information they need to understand and have confidence in Fannie Mae and make our financial disclosures easy to obtain and use. In our financial disclosures, we strive to provide more than is required, and anticipate and address fundamental questions about our company and business.
Our focus on transparency is not a new phenomenon for Fannie Mae.
In 2000, we revealed the 14 decision factors of our auto- mated mortgage underwriting system, Desktop Underwriter, so that lenders and borrowers could better understand our loan decision process and remedy any issues that arise with a loan application. We even started using our own credit assessment model so we could reveal those factors too.
Daniel H. Mudd
Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer

   Also in 2000, Fannie Mae adopted six voluntary initiatives to make us even more transparent and responsive to the market. We volunteered to:
1. Issue subordinated debt, which is a useful gauge of market confidence in the company;
2. Ensure we have at least three months’ worth of liquidity in case our access to the public debt markets were to be disrupted;
3. Take a risk-based capital stress test every quarter and report the results;
4. Every quarter we give our books a credit risk shock test and report the results;
5. Every month we give our books three interest rate shock tests and report the results; and
6. We have obtained independent ratings of our financial strength and risk to the government, and those ratings are monitored continuously.
In 2002, we quickly adopted the leading new initiatives
to strengthen financial disclosure and accountability. Fannie Mae was one of the first companies to begin disclosing our insider stock trades in real time and to announce it would begin expensing stock options.
Also in 2002, Fannie Mae volunteered to register our common stock with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and come under the SEC’s disclosure regime permanently. Fannie Mae’s financial reports now appear on the SEC’s EDGAR Web site.
In February 2003, Fannie Mae volunteered to add six new disclosures to the mortgage-backed securities we issue, providing investors with further details about the mortgages backing our securities.
In addition to providing cutting-edge disclosures, we try to make our financial disclosures easy to obtain and
easy to understand. We do not believe shareholders should have to dig through dense financial reports to get the information they need. And we don’t think they should have to puzzle out what our disclosures mean.
So we constantly are improving our Investor Relations Web site to make the information shareholders need easy to find and use. When we issue our monthly financial reports, we highlight what is most important about them.
We also believe it is important to give shareholders a straight answer to questions they might have, and
it is even better if the answer comes straight from the CEO. So Fannie Mae has launched a new section of
our corporate Web site called “Answers from the CEO,” where I personally address and answer the toughest questions we get.
Integrity. To ensure trust in Fannie Mae,
Fannie Mae must be trustworthy.
Every individual at Fannie Mae — from our Board of Directors to the Chairman and CEO to senior management to every employee — is held to the highest standards of honesty and integrity.
Integrity is woven into the Fannie Mae culture. As CEO, I strive to establish the highest standards of integrity by policy and by example. Our highly independent Board
of Directors holds me, as CEO, as well as senior management and the entire company, accountable for our high standards of integrity. The Board of Directors and each employee sign explicit Codes of Conduct, which
are available on our corporate Web site, fanniemae.com. Fannie Mae’s corporate justice system and a range of checks and balances provide three-dimensional protection of our integrity.
FANNIE MAE 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 Jamie S. Gorelick
Vice Chair
 Timothy Howard
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

6
FANNIE MAE 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
Fannie Mae puts a premium on upholding our core principles of openness, integrity, responsibility, and accountability in our corporate mission, business, and culture for an important reason: Trust is uniquely crucial to our company.
Responsibility. The Chairman and CEO is responsible for Fannie Mae, its management and employees, and
to shareholders and other stakeholders.
As Chairman and CEO, I am personally responsible for ensuring that Fannie Mae operates in an effective, ethical manner that produces long-term value for shareholders.
I must not put my personal interests ahead of — or
in conflict with — the interest of the company or shareholders. Also, it is my duty to ensure that I know how Fannie Mae earns income and the risks we are undertaking in the course of business. Indeed, before it was required of us, Fannie Mae announced that our
CEO and Chief Financial Officer would sign and certify as to the honesty and accuracy of our financial statements, and we have a rigorous review process to ensure that.
As a CEO, one of the most offensive things about the corporate scandals that emerged recently was to hear CEOs claim that they did not know, they could not know, and they could not be expected to know about the activities that brought down their companies.
Accountability. Fannie Mae has a highly independent Board of Directors that selects and oversees the CEO. On behalf of shareholders, the Board of Directors
holds the CEO and senior management responsible for ensuring that Fannie Mae is operating effectively and with openness, integrity, responsibility, and accountability.
At Fannie Mae, the vast majority of our Board of Directors is independent from management. Board members are chosen for their experience, knowledge, and willingness to be active, engaged, and equipped to challenge the CEO and management on the competent and ethical operation of the company.
The Board and its Audit Committee ensure that management produces financial statements that are clear, complete, timely, and accurate. The Audit Committee, consisting of independent directors, has the sole authority to retain the independent auditor. The Audit Committee undertakes substantial due diligence to ensure that our auditors are independent, experienced, and well-qualified.
The Fannie Mae Board of Directors also includes a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that are completely independent from management, which ensure that compensation and management choices and our corporate governance principles fully represent the interests of shareholders.
These core principles — openness, integrity, responsibility, and accountability — are the cornerstones of Fannie Mae’s corporate governance practices, which we make available on our new Corporate Governance Web site on fanniemae.com.
Standard & Poor’s praises Fannie Mae’s
corporate governance
To provide independent verification of our corporate governance and financial disclosures, Fannie Mae asked the independent ratings agency Standard & Poor’s
to examine and rate our standards. The report gave Fannie Mae an exceptional score of 9.0 on a 10-point scale, noting that, “Fannie Mae’s corporate governance practices are judged ... to be at a very strong level on a global basis of comparison.”
The Standard & Poor’s report stated, “in recent years, a combination of voluntary initiatives and specifics of [its regulatory] oversight have resulted in disclosure

Fannie Mae’s strong, stable, consistent performance for shareholders and homeowners is built on the character and conscience of our 4,700 employees and the Board of Directors that oversees and holds us accountable to you.
about Fannie Mae’s financial health that is unavailable from other, similar financial institutions.”
The report affirmed that the structure of our Board of Directors meets or exceeds the latest rules on board composition proposed by the New York Stock Exchange, and that our board has a clear and substantial majority
of independent, non-executive directors and the right independent board committees.
As the Standard & Poor’s report states, Fannie Mae’s Board of Directors “combines a good mix of new and longer-serving directors, directors of high caliber and with a diversity of skills and a strong voice of independence and engagement. ... [T]he board appears to be an effective leader of the company and monitor of management. ... [D]irectors appear to be engaged and show a desire
to demonstrate leadership in board effectiveness and governance. ... Fannie Mae’s audit committee demonstrates a commitment to the independence of the audit process. Its members are actively engaged with both the internal audit team and the outside auditors.”
Character and conscience
In its report on our corporate governance, Standard & Poor’s stated, “By being the first U.S. company to publish
its governance score from Standard & Poor’s,
Fannie Mae is not only demonstrating its own strong governance practices, but is also showing leadership
in the United States with regard to providing greater openness and disclosure about its corporate governance standards.”
Fannie Mae is proud of our leadership in corporate governance, but never satisfied with the status quo.
We also recognize that earning the trust and confidence
of shareholders and the public we serve requires more than cutting-edge corporate governance and financial disclosure policies. As the scholar Michael Novak has noted, corporate responsibility ultimately requires
two essential qualities: personal character and conscience.
Fannie Mae’s strong, stable, consistent performance for shareholders and homeowners is built on the character and conscience of our 4,700 employees and the Board of Directors that oversees and holds us accountable to you. Thank you for believing in us.
Franklin D. Raines
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 FANNIE MAE 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
7
