"If we stay focused on our customers and deliver the convenience and exceptional service they expect, nothing can stop us."

Dear Shareholders, Customers, Employees and Franchisees,
On behalf of our 13,000 employees, I'm delighted to share with you our 2016 Annual Report. Inside you'll find stories that spotlight some of the trusted experts who make 75,000 visits to homes and businesses each day. You'll also read about the many ways we're transforming our 88-year-old company, combining the best aspects of our people-powered, performance-driven culture with a digital-first mindset that will bring greater access, more convenience and an improved experience to customers. While 2016 presented some challenges ­ including slow organic growth at Terminix and higher-than-expected claims costs in the first quarter at American Home Shield ­ we're not going to make excuses for results that didn't quite meet our high expectations. Our company culture demands performance, and we know our customers and shareholders expect the same of us, too. While we showed solid year-over-year improvement in many key financial metrics, we know that in order to win the loyalty and advocacy of customers, we must exceed their expectations in every interaction, whether it's in a home or business, online or on the phone. As you'll read in this annual report, we made some solid strides in 2016 to bring enhancements to our customer service, so customers know they can count on us to deliver what we promise. We also continued to build a work environment ­ in a culture of performance and accountability ­ to develop the next generation of ServiceMaster leaders, spur career growth, support diversity and inclusion, and create opportunity for all employees. In 2016, we: · Grew revenue 6 percent to $2.7 billion, driven by healthy 9 percent organic growth at American Home Shield, stronger pricing in Terminix and the impact of acquisitions in our pest control and home warranty businesses; · Increased Adjusted EBITDA to $667 million, a year-over-year increase of 7 percent, and grew adjusted earnings per share to $2.04, up 13 percent. In addition, we improved profit margins while continuing to invest in ServSmartsm, including deployment of new technology to our field technicians and our customer care centers to better engage and communicate with customers and co-workers; · Refinanced $2.4 billion in debt and instituted a $300 million share repurchase program over three years to return capital to shareholders; · Completed two key acquisitions in American Home Shield ­ OneGuard Home Warranties and Landmark Home Warranty ­ adding more than 100,000 new customers and expanding our footprint in six states; · Surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue at American Home Shield, becoming the first home warranty company to reach that milestone; · Completed the conversion of our Merry Maids branches to franchises to improve profitability and transition the nation's largest professional home

2016 Annual Report

1

cleaning services network to the hands of the hundreds of passionate franchisees who care for more than 160,000 homes a month; · Launched a new corporate brand that symbolizes ServiceMaster's vision to combine our unparalleled network of service providers with the convenience of technology and service excellence to solve a common dilemma: how to find and choose the trusted professionals who can help protect and maintain your home or business; and · Announced the relocation of our corporate headquarters to downtown Memphis by early 2018. This move will bring 1,200 jobs into the heart of the city's revitalization and create a contemporary, more collaborative work environment that will serve as a hub for innovation and help accelerate our company's growth. ServSmartsm continued to shape our company's transformation in 2016. And while technology is the engine driving ServSmartsm, it's also the commitment we make to deliver the speed, simplicity, efficiency and convenience that customers expect. The fundamentals of our business haven't changed ­ more customers are outsourcing their residential and commercial services to providers who will "do it for me." But in an age where speed and convenience are highly valued, customers are willing to pay for services they're not trained in or able to perform ­ including pest control, HVAC repairs, furniture restoration, appliance repairs, home cleaning and disaster restoration. In this environment, companies that respond quickly and deliver consistent quality will emerge as winners, and we believe we're uniquely positioned to meet that challenge. As we learn more about customers' needs, and build the processes and technology to support them, ServSmartsm will make it easier for our customers to buy, schedule and receive essential home and commercial services ­ when, where and how they want them. We know doing the right thing for our customers is also the right thing to do for our business. When our customers win, we'll win, too. As a result, we'll grow faster and more profitably, create greater value for consumers and shareholders, enhance opportunities for our employees and make ServiceMaster an exciting place to work for years to come. As you read this annual report, I hope you'll be as excited as I am about the journey we're on. Thank you for the confidence in our leadership team and our company. We're on the right path and I am confident that together, we'll win.

Rob Gillette Chief Executive Officer

