CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 2017
 Net Sales ($ billions)
  $16.0 $15.0 $14.0 $13.0 $12.0 $11.0
$15.7 $14.5
2016 2017
        Adjusted EBITDA*($ millions)
  $160.0 $120.0 $80.0 $40.0 $00.0
$152.3
2016 2017
         Diluted Earnings
 $1.20 $1.00 $0.80 $0.60 $0.40 $0.20 $0.00
$1.17
$0.72
2016 2017
               Cash Dividends ($ millions)
 $18.0 $17.0 $16.0 $15.0 $14.0
$17.2 $15.5
2016 2017
$135.7
            *Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, is equal to net income adding back net interest expense, provision for income taxes, pension termination settlement, depreciation and amortization,
LIFO expense, stock-based compensation expense and net foreign currency transaction gains or losses.
Letter to our Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders:
For Core-Mark, 2017 was a year that included excellent strategic progress but mixed financial results. We took major steps to position our company for longer term success with the closing of the largest acquisition in our long history, the addition of new customers like Walmart, the renewal of our partnership with Rite-Aid, and the implemen- tation of significant operating improvements that will drive future growth. While sales grew 8% to $15.7 billion despite a soft retail market, our profitability declined over last yearandwasbelowthehighstandardswesetforourcompanyandshareholders. A primary reason for this decline was issues related to digesting the strong growth we experiencedin2016combinedwithournewcustomerwins&lossesin2017. Thisactivity caused disruptions to our core operations. We have made a number of important operational improvements to restore traditional profitability levels, and are now confident we are on the right path to deliver improved bottom line performance in 2018.
Leadership Transition
As you know, I recently announced my decision to retire as the Chief Executive Officer of Core-MarkeffectiveJune30,2018. Thiswasapersonaldecisionthathasbeendiscussed with Board members for some time and stems from the commitments I’ve made to my family after 25 years of service at Core-Mark. My confidence and strong belief in the Company’s future has never been greater. The success and enjoyment that I’ve had leading and working with such an outstanding group of individuals that make up this greatcompanywilllastalifetime. Ihavegreatlyappreciatedtheopportunitytoleadthe company for the past five years, and I look forward to working closely with Scott McPherson, our current President and Chief Operating Officer, over the next three months as I transition my responsibilities. I have worked side by side with Scott for nearly 20 years and have complete confidence that he will lead Core-Mark with distinction.
Our Industry
The convenience retail industry in North America is a highly fragmented, competitive marketplace that delivers a wide variety of products to consumers. The industry contin- ues to grow and evolve to meet the changes that today’s consumers are demanding. We believe that our focus on understanding these changing habits and our approach of providing innovative value-added services creates a competitive advantage and positions us well to continue capturing meaningful market share in a large and crowded market. We have significantly increased the range of products we offer while designing programs that will enable our customers to meet the challenges and opportunities that consumers are demanding. Our industry also faces headwinds as the sale of cigarette cartons declines; we are supporting our customers as tobacco consumption habits shift to a mix of alternative products. We are also committed to working closely with our customers to take costs out of the supply chain while providing creative and effective solutions, like Fresh and “Better for You” products that meets consumer demand. In 2017, we grew our non-cigarette categories 15% for the year, and we expect greater growth in 2018.
[continued on next page]
               
CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 2017
 [continued]
We believe the opportunity to partner with independent, single store owners - the segment of the market that Core-Mark built its business around - has never been greater. They continue to dominate our industry and represent the lion’s share of the convenience stores in the United States. As we enter 2018, our strategy is to re-focus our efforts on growing sales from existing and new independent and small chain customers, while continuing to broaden our capabilities in serving larger regional and national customers.
Core Strategies
During the year, we continued to make investments in technology, facilities and people that we believe will continue to drive strong sales growth and improved profitability in 2018 and beyond. One of our key accomplishments was the mid-year acquisition of Farner-Bocken, now called our Iowa division, a leader in the food service category. This division sells a wide array of products to the convenience channel and other foodservice outlets in their market. The acquisition established a strong foothold for Core-Mark in the Midwest and has been a perfect fit into our business while making an immediate positive contribution to our financial results. Their expertise in foodservice and the Fresh category will provide the other Core-Mark divisions with valuable insight and resources for expanding and enhancing a wider variety of food selection in our customers’ stores.
Overall, we performed well in 2017 in executing our core strategies. These core strategies, including Fresh, Vendor Consolidation Initiative and the Core Solutions Group’s Focused Marketing Initiative have all served to improve our customer’s profitability and provide scale to Core- Mark’sfinancialmodel. TheFreshcategoryisalignedwithchangingcustomerdemandsandisakeydriverforourstrategytoincrease non-cigarettesales. TheVCIstrategyimprovestheefficiencyofthesupplychainandallowsustoprovidemoreproductonourtrucks,which lowers the costs of multiple deliveries.
Our Core Solutions Group also continues to play an important role as data analytics becomes more critical to our “go to market” plan. In 2017, we delivered FMI marketing plans to over 4,300 retail partners with an acceptance rate of over 65%. Our efforts in this area have enhanced ourreputationwithcustomersandthoseintheindustrywhileenablingimprovedprofitabilityacrosstheboard. Lookingforward,weexpect to see the positive impact in these strong FMI results in 2018. This initiative will help support our redoubled efforts to grow our existing same store sales as well as gain market share among the independent convenience store retailers as they look to be more relevant and profitable.
We took a large step in expanding our geographic footprint, our fourth core strategy, with the acquisition of Farner-Bocken. Core-Mark has completed eight acquisitions and expanded into three additional warehouses since the Company became public in 2005. This expansion has allowed us to better service our customers while capturing additional market share gains.
Looking Forward
With our rapid growth absorbed, we are focused on returning to the fundamentals that delivered steady and consistent profitability and increased shareholder value. We greatly appreciate your patience and support during the year as we faced both macro industry challenges and our own operational issues that reduced profitability.
We continue to execute the operating improvements we kicked off this past year as we leverage our expenses and improve our cost structure. While we still have work to do, we believe we have taken the necessary steps to align the company to return to our traditional track record of profitability increases outpacing revenue growth.
We will also continue to take a long-term approach and make prudent investments to assure our future success. These will include smart operational investments in technology, warehouses and opportunistic acquisitions along with continued share repurchases and dividend payments. This past year we spent approximately $4.4 million in share repurchases and $17.2 million on dividend payments. We have a strong financial structure that supports a return to our core fundamentals as we leverage our costs and generate improved profitability and positive free cash flow.
I am confident in our ability to continue the progress we made this year in executing our core strategies, and I am extremely optimistic that our best days are ahead. Thank you for your continued support.
Thomas B. Perkins Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                      