Dear Shareholders,
We operate in a very robust and growing industry. The number of C-Stores in the U.S. grew by 1.4%, to over 151,000 stores in 2013. C-Stores account for over 35% of all retail stores in the US. Keep in mind our market share is only 5% of all products purchased and sold in the industry. At the end of the day Core-Mark has a small share of the C-Store Industry with great opportunity to grow.

Objectives and Strategies
We believe very strongly in the objectives of our company: grow market share, make our independent retailers more relevant and profitable and grow our margin faster than expenses. We do this by the successful execution of our Core Strategies: Vendor Consolidation Initiative (VCI), Fresh Initiative, Focused Marketing Initiative (FMI) and Acquisitions. We continue to grow our share of the market by being the supplier of choice to the major convenience retailers in the US and Canada. In 2013 we had three large chains select Core-Mark to be their supply partner. We offer a sustainable competitive advantage which helps our customers achieve their goals and grow their sales profitably. Our most recent acquisition, JT Davenport (JTD), was a major driver of our growth. We added over 2,000 customers to the Core-Mark network. JTD is our 30th operating division and the conversion onto our systems and platforms is complete, and the newest division is busy implementing the Company's Core Strategies and marketing programs. The independent store operator accounts for approximately 65% of the C-Stores in the U.S. and continues to be a primary focus of our company. By executing our Core Strategies, we assist our independent retailers in becoming more relevant and profitable. FMI continues to be the most successful program we have implemented. We have surveyed over 8,000 customers, generating a 60% acceptance rate which will provide an increase in the independent retailer's bottom line profit. In addition, by continuing to consolidate vendors onto our trucks we are able to deliver fresh product to these retailers and help them be relevant to the consumers. As we continue to grow, we will spend more to support this growth. As we have seen in the past, leveraging of our operating expenses occurs once the new business is absorbed. In addition, implementation of Our Core Strategies with these new customers as well as our existing customers continues to produce higher margins.

Results and Financial Strengths
Overall, we are very pleased with our record revenues in 2013, which grew at about 10%. Noncigarette sales increased at nearly 14%, while cigarette sales increased a little over half that rate. Same store non-cigarettes increased at a healthy pace while same store cartons were down approximately in-line with the industry. Gross profit dollars, after the normal adjustments, were up about 12%. We think this is pretty impressive when you consider we continue to experience a significant decrease in non-cigarette inventory holding gains compared to pre 2012 years. More importantly, both our non-cigarette revenue and gross profits grew at substantially higher rates in the fourth quarter, showing an 18% and 21% increase over prior year, respectively.
Continue on next page

Our 2013 operating expenses, as a percentage to sales, increased 7 basis points, reflecting the one-time costs associated with the on boarding of the new customers, the conversion of our new division and our continued growth in the non-cigarette product categories. Adjusted EBITDA ended the year at $109.5mm, record earnings for the company. The 8.6% EBITDA growth was driven by strong revenue and increases in non-cigarette gross profit dollars. FIFO EPS grew 14% driven by the same factors. Equally important, we continue to generate a healthy level of cash, more than ample to fund our working capital needs and our capital expenditures. The Company remains financially strong and well positioned to capitalize on value opportunities.

The Year Ahead
In 2014, we expect our revenues to approach $10.7 billion, a 9.5% growth rate. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be $116­$120 million, both of which will again be new records for the Company. Contributions from market share gains, execution of our Core Strategies and leveraging our operating expenses are all expected to increase our sales and profits in 2014. The future is bright for our company. We will continue to focus on improving our profits as well as those of our customers and maintain our competitive advantage in the market place that we serve. We thank you for your support and confidence. Thomas B. Perkins

President and Chief Executive Officer

* In lieu of the first quarter 2013 dividend, the Board of Directors declared an accelerated cash dividend of $2.2 million, or $0.19 per common share on December 20, 2012, which was paid on December 31, 2012.

