CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 2018
 Net Sales ($ billions)
 $20.0 $16.0 $12.0 $8.0 $4.0 $0.0
$16.4
2017 2018
          Adjusted EBITDA*($ millions)
 $190.0 $160.0 $130.0 $100.0
$70.0
$1.00
$0.80 $0.99 $0.60
$0.40
$0.20
$0.00
2017 2018
Shares Repurchased Costs ($ millions)
   $164.7
2017 2018
     Diluted Earnings
           $16.0 $12.0 $8.0 $4.0 $0.0
2017 2018
   $15.5
      *Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, is equal to net income adding back net interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, LIFO expense, stock-based compensation expense and net foreign currency transaction gains or losses.
                CORE-MARK Annual Report Shareholder Letter 2018
Delivering the Future of Convenience Today
On behalf of the over 8,000 employees at Core-Mark, I am pleased to share our operating results for 2018. Since assuming my role as Chief Executive Officer of Core-Mark at mid-year, the company has focused on strengthening its foundation in operational excellence and building on its strategy for
continued revenue expansion, positioning the company for the steady, long-term profitable growth that our shareholders have come to expect.
Year Highlights/Accomplishments:
The key message to our shareholders for 2018 is “We delivered on our performance commitments for the year and positioned the company for success.” Despite facing a challenging environment for convenience retail operators, we generated 21% Adjusted EBITDA growth through a disciplined approach to growing sales profitably. We produced 24 basis points of margin growth and leveraged operating expenses through technology and workforce management, resulting in reduced turnover, higher throughput and improved customer metrics. Complementing the improved operating perfor- mance, our employees worked hard to provide high quality, value added service to our customers and lived up to the values that make Core-Mark an industry leader.
In looking at our financial highlights, revenue grew 4.5% to $16.4 billion over last year and Adjusted EBITDA grew as mentioned by 21%, to a record $164.7 million. Our revenue increase was driven by the contributions from our Farner-Bocken acquisition, strong same store non-cigarette sales growth of over 7% and solid execution on our category management strategies. While cigarette same store carton declines elevated to 5% for the year, we offset those volumes with share gains and inflation resulting in overall cigarette sales increasing 0.8%.
Not to be overlooked in 2018 were strategic investments in a number of key areas which include: an SAP operating system upgrade, enhancements to our warehouse selection technology and the second phase of our driver handheld implementation. These technology enhancements played an important role in driving efficiencies in our operations and will continue to be critical to our ability to achieve cost leverage.
From a financial perspective, operating expense leverage was a strong contributor to our profit performance in 2018 with total operating expenses as a percentage of remaining gross profit improving to approximately 92% compared to 93% in 2017. Our biggest accomplishment in 2018 from an operating leverage standpoint was the 5% increase in throughput we posted in warehouse operations. Despiteachallengingenvironmentforretainingandattractingtruckdrivers,wemanaged to reduce turnover and improve performance in several key operating metrics for the year. Our recruiting, training and onboarding programs have shown traction, including a 6% reduction in overtime.
One final financial highlight was free cash flow, which totaled $189 million, a $148 million improve- ment over last year. This outstanding result was driven by our ability to improve our cash conversion cycle, specifically around accounts receivable and inventory management.
[continued on next page]
                                         $4.4
$135.7
$15.7
$0.72
    
 CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 2018
[continued]
Core Strategies:
Core-Mark is guided by three strategic priorities: grow sales and operating margin faster than the industry average, build on our leadership position in providing category management solutions and leverage our cost structure.
On the sales front we grew our independent store count by nearly 500 net locations and captured additional market share while pruning underperform- ing stores that did not meet our profit targets. The pursuit of independents is a consistent source of opportunity in a market where the bid cycle for large new chain opportunities ebbs and flows. 2018 was a year in which few new large contracts were up for bid, but we did capitalize on opportunities at the end of the year, renewing our contract with Mapco, one of our largest customers, and finalizing agreements with two mid-sized chains that we began distributing to in 2019.
Our category management solutions offering, which consists of Fresh & Foodservice, our Focused Marketing Initiative (FMI) and Vendor Consolidation Initiative (VCI), continue to provide value added service to our customers while improving their profitability and ours. The team continues to do an outstanding job assisting and advising convenience store retailers on how to better manage their businesses by optimizing product mix through data analytics, education and technology.
New Year, New Beginnings:
I look forward to my first full year as Chief Executive Officer of this great company with excitement and optimism. The past year was one of restoring
our well-earned industry reputation for strong operating performance and steady profit growth. In this coming year, we will be advancing our industry- leading status in category management solutions, creating a Convenience Center of Excellence and launching a suite of innovative analytics tools for our customers. The Center of Excellence will provide customers and vendors with educational opportunities on consumer trends and shopping behaviors, and will assist customers in meeting their challenges and opportunities within the convenience channel. Our customer analytics tools will allow our customers to pull data on-demand, augmenting their ability to make data-driven and real-time decisions for the health of their business.
Additionally, to flank our strong historical acquisition strategy, we have made structural changes to increase our market penetration via organic growth. Our new enterprise growth structure enables us to better serve the needs of existing customers while identifying and executing on growth and market share opportunities. The new structure allows us to leverage our existing enterprise-wide sales organization for greater impact. This strengthened investment in organic growth performance, coupled with our improved debt position two years after the Farner-Bocken purchase, gives Core-Mark greater potential in both its organic and acquisition growth opportunities.
Another key highlight for 2019 is the scheduled completion of our corporate relocation to Westlake, Texas, a move that brings us more central to our customer base, presents a promising employee talent pool and provides the company a hub from which to drive growth.
Closing Thoughts:
We enter 2019 on strong operational footing and are increasingly optimistic about our opportunities to drive profitable growth and generate strong free cash flow. We are focused on capturing market share and aggressively pursuing opportunities in the smaller chain and independent store base. Our balance sheet allows us to utilize debt capacity to pursue acquisition opportunities that arise and meet our criteria. We will continue to drive improve- ments and productivity across our operations as we utilize technology and deliver the value-added solutions our trusted customers have come to expect from Core-Mark. We are focused on steady top line growth and strong bottom line execution to expand our margin and improve profitability and drive shareholder value. We appreciate your support and hope you share our excitement about Core-Mark’s prospects for 2019 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Scott McPherson
Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                       