
To Our Shareholders,

AGILENT BEGAN OPERATING as a separate company on November 1, 1999, just eight months after Hewlett-Packard
announced plans to create two independent companies from the existing HP.
On November 17th, we reported strong growth in Agilent’s revenue and profitability
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1999 compared with the year-ago quarter.
On November 18th, our initial public offering of stock was the biggest in Silicon
Valley history to date.
These accomplishments were made possible by the talent, energy and commitment
of some 42,000 Agilent people around the world and many thousands of their HP colleagues.
These people worked tirelessly to achieve ambitious goals on a very aggressive schedule.
The creation of Agilent is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for our management team and
our people, and I’m extremely proud of how we have seized this opportunity.
This year’s accomplishments are a tribute to the people who have made Agilent’s
businesses successful in the past. The incredible progress we made in 1999 has energized
our new company and created high expectations for Agilent’s future, both inside and
outside the company.
Our first-ever annual report describes our businesses, our focus on communications
and life sciences, the importance of Agilent Labs and the performance culture we’re
working to create. It also includes a report from Bob Walker, Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, on our financial results.
In this letter I’ll provide the context for these discussions by addressing four
fundamental questions:
What are our vision and goals for Agilent?
How do we benefit from being on our own?
Why do these four businesses belong together?
What’s our strategy for growth and success?
The creation of Agilent is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for our
management team and our people, and I’m extremely proud of how
we have seized this opportunity.
OUR VISION: AN INNOVATIVE GROWTH COMPANY Agilent has an extensive technology capability, strong customerand partner relationships, and leadership in the markets we serve. We intend to build onthis foundation to create an innovative growth company that is a market leader whereverwe compete. Our vision of Agilent is a company that is a technology innovator, a supplierand partner of choice, a great place to work, and a force for economic and social progress.Fundamentally, Agilent is a technology company. We have a superb track record ofinnovation and new-business creation in electronics, communications, medical and chemicalmeasurements, photonics and other technology disciplines. Our company’s purpose isto revolutionize how people live and work through technology. The tag line on the coverof our annual report captures this spirit: We make the tools for people who make dreams real.Our dream is to enable people to communicate more effectively and to help save lives.To do that, we’re focusing on opportunities in communications, electronics, healthcare andlife sciences – large markets that are undergoing profound change. Communications, for example,is a $1 trillion dollar market worldwide, yet half the world’s people have never made aphone call. We’re focused on these markets but not limited to them. We believe that communicationsand electronics offer strong potential for growth in the short term and beyond,while the healthcare and life sciences markets present longer-term opportunities.SIGNIFICANT BENEFITS OF INDEPENDENCE We believe that operating on our own offers clear advantages that help usbuild shareholder value. These advantages include:GREATER STRATEGIC FOCUS: Our own board of directors and management team sharpensour focus on Agilent’s businesses and opportunities. This also means that we’re focusingour resources and investments on the best ways to maximize profitable growth.INCREASED SPEED AND RESPONSIVENESS: We are making decisions and deployingresources more rapidly, and operating with more agility, than in the past.STRONGER ACCOUNTABILITY: Agilent is fully accountable to shareholders. We’re planningto motivate employees through an array of stock option, profit sharing and incentivecompensation programs that are tied, directly and indirectly, to the market performance ofour stock.DIRECT ACCESS TO CAPITAL MARKETS: We have greater financial flexibility to issue debtor equity securities to fund possible acquisitions.Our vision of Agilent is a company that is a technology innovator,a supplier and partner of choice, a great place to work, and a forcefor economic and social progress.REAL SYNERGIES ACROSS OUR BUSINESSES Agilent’s four businesses – test and measurement, semiconductor products,healthcare solutions and chemical analysis – serve thousands of customers in diversemarkets and industries. So it’s logical to ask how our businesses benefit from being part ofone company.We believe there are significant synergies across our businesses, each of whichprovides sensor, analysis, display and communications capabilities. First is the ability to leveragecompetencies in technology. Our four businesses share expertise in measurement science,electronic circuit and system design, application software and solutions integration. Our testand measurement and semiconductor businesses, as well as our healthcare and chemical analysisbusinesses, also share technologies. This shared expertise deepens our understanding ofthe challenges our customers face and strengthens our ability to meet their needs.Agilent Labs, our central research facility, ties our businesses together from atechnology perspective. As part of Agilent, each of our businesses leverages the work of AgilentLabs. Over the years in HP, the Agilent Labs portion of HP’s central research lab creatednumerous new businesses for the company, including inkjet printing and many of the businessesthat are now part of Agilent. Inkjet printing is also a good example of how integratingdiverse technologies can create entirely new product categories and businesses.There are also similar business and financial models across our businesses. Key tothe success of our businesses is our research-and-development and product-generation capabilitiesthat are based on understanding and anticipating customer needs. Our businesseshave also mostly sold their products through a direct sales force and have had similar manufacturingcapabilities.These similarities will enable each business to reduce costs and improve efficiencybecause of the scale on which Agilent operates in manufacturing, procurement and distribution.We believe that these synergies improve our competitive position.STRATEGY FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH Our strategy is designed to enable us to capitalize on emerging trends in thecommunications, electronics, healthcare and life sciences industries.FOCUS ON HIGH-GROWTH MARKET OPPORTUNITIES: In communications and electronics, theconvergence of the traditional telecom world with the Internet, cable and wireless worldsAgilent Technologies 1999 Annual Report10We’re planning to motivate employees through an array of programsthat are tied, directly and indirectly, to the market performanceof our stock.Agilent Technologies 1999 Annual Report11offers huge opportunities. In healthcare and life sciences, progress in understanding the geneticbasis of disease is creating exciting opportunities in drug development and disease prevention.Agilent makes the tools that help customers win in these emerging markets.CONTINUE TO INNOVATE TECHNOLOGICALLY: Agilent isn’t a “me-too” company. We’ll makesubstantial investments in research and development, and we will forge strategic partnerships,in order to deliver products and solutions that address customer needs and create newmarkets and businesses.MAXIMIZE THE BENEFITS OF OUR SCALE AND GLOBAL PRESENCE: Our worldwide sales organizationswork closely with customers and gather vital insights into industry trends. Our globalpresence enables us to bring new products to market quickly, provide worldwide supportand offer our customers complete solutions that include systems integration, project managementand training. We’ll continue to pursue ways to build on these strengths to increasecustomer satisfaction and market leadership.AGILENT: AN $8 BILLION “STARTUP” I hope our annual report conveys the excitement we feel at Agilent. We havea rich technology portfolio and are a leader in many of our markets. We work with industry-leading customers in the communications, electronics, healthcare, chemical, petrochemical,environmental and life sciences industries. We’re focused on exciting opportunities incommunications and life sciences but are not limited to these markets. We benefit fromour scale and global presence in manufacturing, sales and customer support. We have a verystrong financial foundation.In short, all 42,000 Agilent people have the opportunity, and the responsibility, totake the superb hand we’ve been dealt as part of Hewlett-Packard and turn it into somethingeven better. Anything less is not an option. I can assure you that we’ll do everythingpossible to live up to both our heritage and our potential.Ned BarnholtPresident and Chief Executive OfficerDecember 17, 1999