TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal 2016 was a year of tremendous growth and progress for all of us at Agilent. Throughout the year we solidified our transformation into a life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical company. We sustained above-market growth, expanded our profits and invested for the future.
We made major strides in transforming the company and focusing on what we do best: helping our customers achieve more with trusted answers and new insights.
We deepened our cultural transformation as well, learning to serve our customers better by working as One Agilent across organizational and geographic boundaries. The results included improved customer satisfaction, winning against the competition and delivering strong operating results.
We executed with financial discipline, achieving revenues of $4.2 billion. This marks the second consecutive year we have outgrown the marketplace. We expanded our operating margins, ending fiscal year 2016 with our seventh straight quarter of year-over-year profitability growth.
We significantly increased our total cash return to shareholders, distributing $150 million in dividends and repurchasing $434 million of our shares. We also invested $480 million directly into the business with key acquisitions, strategic transactions and capital expenditures.
TECHNOLOGY THAT REVOLUTIONIZES THE INDUSTRY AND EMPOWERS CUSTOMERS
Our analytical lab business, which represents 83 percent of the total company, is comprised of two externally reported business segments: the Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group and the Agilent CrossLab Group. Together, these businesses serve customers in pharmaceuticals and life sciences research, as well as in applied chemical markets such as chemical and energy, food safety, environmental and forensics. We offer our customers a strong and comprehensive portfolio of instruments, software, consumables and services.
INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS IN LIFE SCIENCES AND APPLIED MARKETS
The Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group brings together Agilent’s analytical laboratory instrumentation and informatics. Throughout the year, we continued to introduce new and innovative offerings with a significantly differentiated customer experience.
In liquid chromatography, we launched the InfinityLab portfolio, including a new line of liquid chromatography instruments, columns, supplies and services. We added the
2016 ANNUAL REPORT
    2016 ANNUAL REPORT
SHAREHOLDER LETTER

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Agilent 1260 Infinity II LC system to complement our flagship 1290 Infinity II LC. This instrument provides best- in-class lab efficiency and improved performance with full backward compatibility.
In gas chromatography, we introduced the trans- formational Intuvo 9000 GC system. Building on our recognized leadership in GC, the Intuvo system revolutionizes the way users perform gas chromatography. It features breakthrough innovations in its technology, footprint, energy efficiency and environmental friendliness. The development of this product harnesses the complete Agilent portfolio of technological capability. Intuvo comprises a complete ecosystem of instrumentation, consumables, supplies, services and software.
Agilent’s latest GC Triple-Quad sets a new benchmark in GC/MS, while our new 8900 Triple-Quad ICP-MS provides customers in several key markets with better answers than ever before. On the software side, our newest OpenLAB software platform continues to expand its multi-technique and multi-vendor capabilities. OpenLAB has full scalability from single workstations to networked enterprise solutions.
INTEGRATED SERVICES AND CONSUMABLES
The Agilent CrossLab Group combines our analytical laboratory services and consumables businesses under a new Agilent brand. The Agilent CrossLab brand is focused on delivering a new and integrated approach that offers actionable insights to help customers achieve successful outcomes.
We continued to bring novel new chemistries to market under the Agilent CrossLab brand. One example is our Advance Bio SEC family of products. These products rely on a new and innovative chromatographic particle tech- nology that simultaneously delivers superior performance, lifetime and reproducibility. They provide a level of economic value to our customers that is unsurpassed in biopharma workflow applications. Our new bio columns are the first in a family of products utilizing this technology, with the next wave of products currently in development.
NEXT-GENERATION DIAGNOSTICS AND GENOMICS
In addition to our continued growth through leadership in analytical laboratories, we are leveraging Agilent’s analytical strength to further penetrate the connected clinical research and diagnostics laboratories. This is being done through our third externally reported business segment, the Diagnostics and Genomics Group.
The Diagnostics and Genomics Group is comprised of five business divisions. Three divisions originate from our 2012 acquisition of Dako and focus on pathology, companion diagnostics and reagent partnerships. The Genomics Division includes our microarrays, next- generation sequencing target enrichment and Agilent’s other genomics solutions. The Nucleic Acid Solutions Division manufactures synthetic RNA for potential use as active pharmaceutical ingredients.
In fiscal 2015, our complementary diagnostic for Bristol- Myers Squibb Co.’s OPDIVO was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for non-squamous, non- small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In fiscal 2016, the FDA approved expanding the use of this PD-L1 diagnostic to include patients with melanoma, and commercial availability for both NSCLC and melanoma has expanded to include the European Union. Agilent is the first company to provide FDA-approved tests for lung cancer and melanoma for PD-L1 markers.
In addition, Merck & Co.’s KEYTRUDA was approved by the FDA for first-line treatment for metastatic NSCLC for patients with high rates of PD-L1 expression. In conjunction, Agilent’s pharmDx companion diagnostics PD-L1 test was also approved for expanded use. This is the first time an Agilent PD-L1 companion diagnostic has been approved for first-line testing.
We launched a comprehensive offering of pooled CRISPR libraries for functional genomics to help accelerate research into complex diseases and drug discovery. We also announced a $120 million investment over the next three years to expand production capacity for our Nucleic
  SHAREHOLDER LETTER
AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

2016 ANNUAL REPORT
 Acid Solutions Business, including a new factory in Colorado that can double our manufacturing capacity.
SIMPLIFYING THE COMPANY
We continue to make strides in our multi-year “Agile Agilent” initiative, designed to simplify the organization. It is making us faster and easier to do business with, while lowering costs. We have streamlined our IT systems and overall infrastructure. In fiscal 2016 we migrated the company’s financial systems onto a single platform, which will continue to deliver savings in the coming fiscal year.
BUILDING A FOUNDATION OF GROWTH
During the past year, we supplemented our own research and development with exciting acquisitions that further enhance the broad range of solutions we can offer to our customers.
We acquired iLab Solutions, a market leader in cloud- based solutions for core laboratory management. This acquisition expands Agilent’s portfolio in academic and government markets, as iLab is an established provider to leading universities, research hospitals and independent institutions around the world. We see an opportunity to expand the iLab business, both geographically and in pharmaceutical markets.
We also announced an $80 million investment in Lasergen Inc., an emerging biotechnology company with innovative next-generation sequencing technology. Finally, we signed an agreement with Burning Rock Biotech to develop cancer diagnostics in China based on Agilent SureSelect solutions.
In addition to filling gaps with strategic acquisitions, we will continue to invest in technologies that yield new products, software and services that differentiate us, excite customers and add to our growth.
We will innovate for what our customers want to achieve, focusing on both the science and economics of the lab.
WHAT MAKES AGILENT GREAT
I tell our teams every day that what makes this company great is quite simple. Our employees, working and innovating in exciting and growing markets, enable us to make a difference in the lives of people around the world. As I traveled to numerous countries and sites during the past year, I saw how truly motivated our employees are to understand our customers’ goals. Our people are inspired to bring their knowledge and their best ideas to solutions that advance our customers’ objectives—whether improving the safety of our food or saving lives with new ways to match patients to the most effective drugs for their conditions.
I am excited about the momentum we have developed this year. Our products, software and services are driving growth. Our people are empowering our customers with answers they can count on. Agilent is making a difference in the world. And I believe the best is ahead of us.
Mike McMullen
Agilent President and Chief Executive Officer
  2016 ANNUAL REPORT
SHAREHOLDER LETTER
