                 To our Shareholders,
On Sept. 19, 2013, we announced the separation of the company in order to create two companies with greater strategy and management focus, each well positioned for growth in its respective markets. Capitalizing on the strength of our electronic measurement business, we have grown a life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical business that is large enough to be an independent company. With the separation, we will create two unique and compelling investment profiles, each with a greater strategic focus on its distinct industries. Both companies will be positioned to attract a more focused shareholder base.
The separation of the company is expected to be completed in early November 2014. Agilent Technologies will focus 100 percent on the life science, diagnostic and applied chemical markets. Keysight Technologies, the new electronic measurement company, will focus 100 percent on the communications, computer, semiconductors, aerospace and defense and industrial markets. Agilent shareholders will receive a pro-rata distribution of shares in Keysight Technologies via a tax free spinoff. Both companies will be well capitalized, have strong balance sheets and expect investment-grade profiles. Agilent will continue to pay an annual dividend of approximately $130 million per year, implying a yield at least equal to the current yield. Keysight will not pay an initial dividend. During the separation process, Agilent expects to continue both its dividend and a share repurchase intended to maintain the current share count. It is expected that Agilent will remain a member of the S&P 500’s healthcare sector.
Keysight Technologies
We are very pleased that Ron Nersesian will be the president and CEO of Keysight Technologies. Ron has deep experience in the electronic measurement market, with a proven track record of leading the business. He has the vision, enthusiasm and industry knowledge to propel the new company to greater growth and success. Keysight Technologies will be launched with the tagline of “unlocking measurement insights for 75 years,” a recognition of its long heritage of technology leadership and innovation.
Agilent Technologies
Agilent Technologies will continue as a life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets company under my leadership as president and CEO. Our new mission is to be the premier partner for our laboratory customers, as we work together to build a healthier world. Agilent will compete in a $40 billion market from the strength of our position in food, environmental, chemical and energy markets, with enormous opportunities in the pharmaceutical, biotech, life science, academic, diagnostics and clinical markets. We believe we have a strong No. 2 position in our markets that will enable healthy growth in the future.
While Agilent has made several strategic acquisitions over the past several years to complement our organic growth rate, we are a company focused on delivering above-market organic growth. We are able to do so as a result of our R&D investment, our ability to address the needs of developing markets, and our commitment to deliver complete workflow solutions to our
1
Annual Report ANNUAL REPORT

                customers. With a strong instrument profile for the laboratory, we will continue to expand our consumables and reagent product offerings, provide total laboratory service and support capabilities, and expand our core data system platforms to easily enable application development in the labs and correlate data from research to the clinic.
Our focus on organic growth, consistent with Agilent’s operating model, will drive earnings faster than revenue, resulting in the creation of additional shareholder value.
Bill Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 5, 2014
  2
