To Our Shareholders The persistent downturn in the telecommunications and electronics markets was the major factor in Agilent's 2002 results. We are obviously not pleased to report a decline in orders and revenue and a loss for the year. However, we did make substantial progress in returning the company to profitability as we moved through 2002, achieving break-even on an earnings-beforegoodwill (EBG) basis in the fourth quarter.1 This year we also strengthened Agilent for long-term success in two ways. We made investments in R&D that are driving product and technology breakthroughs, and we became much more competitive by transforming many aspects of our operations. None of these achievements would have been possible without Agilent's people, who made superb contributions in 2002 under extremely trying conditions. In this letter I'll describe what we are doing to return to sustained profitability, the actions we're taking to build the company for the long term, and the outlook for fiscal 2003. Our Top Priority: Restoring Profitability At the start of the year we expected a slow but gradual improvement in the telecom and semiconductor markets, in which demand had fallen so sharply in 2001. During the first two quarters of 2002 we did see a slight improvement in the semiconductor market, and our overall orders and revenue increased. But conditions weakened again in the middle of 2002 and the outlook for 2003 declined. It was clear that we had to size the company for profitability at a much lower level of business. In August 2002 we announced reductions in the number of Agilent employees that went beyond our previously announced plans to reduce the workforce by 8,000 people. The latest round of reductions will lower our workforce by about another 2,500 people, with many of these people scheduled to leave the company by the end of the first quarter of 2003. These workforce reductions have been and remain very difficult for all of us. But they are a painful necessity in light of the business climate. By the end of 2002, we had completed the 8,000person workforce reduction and had lowered our total costs, on an annual basis, by about $1.2 billion. These workforce reductions, combined with other efforts to streamline our cost structure and reduce discretionary spending, enabled us to lower our total costs and expenses by 21 percent in 2002, on an EBG basis, compared with 2001. Our inventory reductions, along with capital spending that was about $580 million lower this year than in fiscal 2001, were the key factors in our significant improvement in asset management. Another key to restoring profitability is to deliver a steady stream of innovative new products. In 2002 we spent $1.1 billion on research and development (R&D), on an EBG basis, compared with $1.3 billion in 2001. We maintained our investments in high-priority R&D efforts to help our customers pursue new opportunities and get the most out of their current technology investments. New products drove market share gains in 2002 in communications test; semiconductor test; semiconductor solutions for PCs and cellular phones; and life sciences and chemical analysis. In the fourth quarter of 2002, we believe we outgrew our markets by about $125 million in revenue compared with the fourth quarter of 2001. We plan to spend approximately $1 billion on R&D in fiscal 2003 in order to leverage our market share gains and to take full advantage of any recovery in our markets. New products were also critical to the widespread customer recognition we received this year. We won 14 industry and customer awards, including recognition from Cisco Systems, Celestica, Solectron, Brocade and Logitech. 1

Annual Report

In the fourth quarter of 2001, Agilent reported a loss, on an EBG basis, of $275 million. In Q2 of 2002, our EBG loss was $112 million, and in Q4 of this year we lost $2 million. We're encouraged by this progress, and we are determined to return to profitability in 2003. Major Progress in Transforming How We Operate Since Agilent became an independent company in November 1999, we have worked hard to transform our operations. These efforts take many forms but have a common goal: to make Agilent even more competitive by improving our speed, flexibility and cost-effectiveness. In 2002 we made excellent strides in this effort. In June 2002 we launched the first phase of our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. This is a highly complex, ambitious program that will reduce more than 2,000 legacy information systems and applications to just a handful of best-in-class integrated information systems. The benefits from this work will be substantial. We will generate real-time information that our people and customers need. We will be able to manage assets more efficiently and share information much more readily than we can now. In short, the ERP system will enable us to function much more effectively as a single company. Startup issues after the ERP launch made it difficult for us to meet customer expectations and had a significant impact on our third-quarter financial results. Our people performed heroically to resolve these issues and to stabilize the system in our fourth quarter. We will continue to roll out the ERP system through fiscal 2003, and we expect to realize substantial savings from the implementation beginning in the second half of fiscal 2003. We will also apply what we have learned to the implementation of our new customer relationship management (CRM) system. This rollout is planned for the first quarter of 2003. Progress in operations during 2002 was not limited to new information systems. We reduced the worldwide space we use by 1.6 million square feet, which saved about $90 million. We improved our on-time delivery rate and reduced the time between receipt of an order and delivery to the customer. We will work to build on these accomplishments in our operations through 2003. Our progress in this area complements and supports our work to maintain product and technology leadership. A Resilient Agilent Culture Workforce reductions, navigating the downturn and the launch of our ERP system posed daunting challenges to our people and culture in 2002. I'm extremely proud of how our employees responded. They worked tirelessly to create a large number of outstanding new products and to deliver the operational improvements we achieved, while also actively supporting our citizenshiprelated efforts. During 2002, we were proud to be ranked 31st on Fortune magazine's annual survey of ``Best Places to Work,'' an improvement from our ranking of 46th the previous year. The company was also named to comparable lists in other countries, including Korea (#3), Australia (#5), India (#6) and Singapore (#1). In our latest employee survey, 85 percent of our employees said they would recommend Agilent as a great place a work -- a powerful testament to the culture we are building together. Senior Management Changes In early 2002, Adrian Dillon became executive vice president and chief financial officer after Bob Walker decided to leave the company. Adrian is making a major contribution to the evolution of our financial metrics and reporting. During the year we also named Bill Sullivan our chief operating officer, after Alain Couder left Agilent to pursue other opportunities. Bill brings a superb track record and broad skills to the urgent task of our operational transformation. In 2

November 2002 Jerry Grinstein, Agilent's chairman of the board, announced his plans to retire effective after the 2003 Annual Meeting. Until that time, Jerry will serve as our lead director and David Lawrence will succeed him following the meeting. Jerry was instrumental in helping us launch Agilent as an independent company, and I'm very appreciative of all he has contributed. Business Outlook Our top priority is to return to profitability as quickly as possible, and we believe we can achieve modest profitability in 2003. The overall outlook for 2003 is highly dependent on the pace of recovery in our markets. We believe we can achieve a revenue increase of 5 to 10 percent, based primarily on our strong new-product introductions that will enable us to build on our market share gains and enter new markets. We will continue our vigilance on costs and expenses, and we will move ahead aggressively on the operational improvements that have begun to yield very promising results. During 2003 we will continue to strive for the right balance between the short-term challenges of a difficult environment and the long-term goals we are pursuing. The last two years have not diminished our belief in Agilent's potential or in the opportunities we are addressing. We have the people, the products and the customer relationships that success demands, and we are committed to building on these strengths during 2003.

Annual Report

Ned Barnholt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

1

Agilent's EBG amounts exclude from earnings amortization of goodwill and other intangibles, acquisition and divestiture related items, and other one-time and non-recurring items such as restructuring. 3

