  2 Agilent Technologies 2003 corporate report
   TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
“Agilent is a much stronger company – competitively and financially – as a result of all we have done.”
Ned Barnholt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Financial overview in millions Net revenue
Loss from operations (GAAP basis)
2003 2002 Change
$6,056 $6,010 1% (725) (1,607) 55%
Fiscal 2003 was a year of significant accomplishment for Agilent, as we continued to strike a balance between the need to return to profitability and our ongoing work to build the company for the long term. In the fourth quarter of 2003 we achieved revenue that exceeded our plans, helped by a modest recovery in some of our markets. By the fourth quarter we had also lowered our quarterly operating costs to $1.45 billion1 – about $200 million2 lower than a year ago. As a result we were profitable in the fourth quarter, and our return to profitability is the start of Agilent’s next phase, in which our near-term goals are to sustain profitability and to grow faster than the markets we are in.
During 2003 we also made substantial progress in creating an exciting future for Agilent. We continued our efforts to transform how the company operates in order to be faster and more efficient. We made appropriate investments in research and development (R&D) in order to maintain our market leadership and to bring compelling new products to market. We refined our strategic focus and strengthened our leadership team. As a result, we began 2004 a more competitive, financially stronger and more efficient company. In this letter I will describe our key accomplishments and will discuss the outlook for 2004.
MAKING AGILENT MORE EFFICIENT AND COMPETITIVE
Since 2000 we have been transforming nearly every aspect of how we do business with two key goals: to size Agilent appropriately and to make the company faster and more efficient. The severe downturn of the last two-and-a-half years left us no choice but to reduce our workforce to match the size of our business. By the end of 2003 we had about 29,000 employees worldwide, lower by nearly 15,000 people than we had at our peak. These workforce reductions, which we began in 2001 and which were essentially completed by the end of the year, have helped us remove nearly $2 billion3 from our annual operating cost structure. In
   Non-GAAP adjustments:
Restructuring expenses
Goodwill & intangibles amortization and other
372 474 (22%) 64 378 (83%)
 Loss from operations (non-GAAP basis)
($289) ($755) 62%
 WE HAVE CONTINUED TO MAKE PROGRESS IN BUILDING FOR AGILENT’S LONG-TERM SUCCESS
 Ned Barnholt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

  AGILENT A MORE COMPETITIVE, EFFICIENT R&D INVESTMENTS YIELD COMPELLING NEW AGILENT SHARPENS STRATEGIC FOCUS AND FINANCIALLY STRONGER COMPANY PRODUCTS ACROSS AGILENT BUSINESSES TO ACHIEVE PROFITABLE GROWTH
addition, our selective outsourcing and investments to transform our information technology (IT), manufacturing, human resources (HR), facilities, procurement and finance operations were a key factor in reducing our costs and making Agilent more competitive.
When Agilent became an independent company in 1999, we began to tailor our IT systems and applications to our needs. In 2003 we largely completed our IT transformation with deployment of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system across our semiconductor products business and much of our test and measurement business. We implemented a new customer support system in early 2003, and we outsourced some IT functions to partners who can deliver these services cost-effectively. We made substantial reductions in the number of, and costs associated with, legacy applications and systems. We expect to complete our IT transformation in mid-2004 and to see more benefits as we move through fiscal 2004.
This year we also made excellent progress in transforming other functions. In finance, we increased the number of people at our global hub in India, where we are doing an increasing proportion of our collections, accounts-receivable management and other general accounting functions. In HR we partnered with outside firms on many administrative tasks, such as payroll and benefits administration, in order to help Agilent managers focus on their people and on their business objectives. In workplace services we reduced the worldwide manufacturing and office space we occupied by approximately
2.2 million square feet compared with a year ago. These and
other operational transformations are crucial to Agilent’s cost-effectiveness and to our ability to address customer needs.
INVESTING FOR GROWTH
During 2003 Agilent invested just under $1.1 billion in R&D, or about $200 million less than our investment in 2002. We made very focused reductions in R&D during the year while preserving our core investments. The result was another strong year for new products. In our life sciences business, Agilent microarrays enabled researchers to measure differences in gene activity between normal cells and cancer cells. Our Operations Support System (OSS) solutions helped telecom service providers manage their extremely complex networks, introduce new services and lower their costs. Our camera modules were built into a growing number of cell phones, and other semiconductor components from Agilent are making
a range of consumer electronics products more powerful, more versatile and smaller.
R&D investments are not our only strategy for driving growth. During 2003, through the Agilent Venture unit, we continued to invest in early- stage companies that are developing innovative technologies in the markets we serve.
Our strong product offering and improved operations were key factors in the recognition we won this year from customers. Celestica, Huawei, SBC and GlaxoSmithKline were among the companies that accorded Agilent significant recognition this year. We were No. 33 on Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list, and we won high
ratings as an employer in China, Taiwan and Italy. Despite the hardships our employees have endured, nearly 6,000 of
them volunteered for community action programs during the year. This and other contributions helped Agilent win
  RETURN TO PROFITABILITY • STREAMLINE OPERATIONS • $1.05B R&D SPEND • AGILENT VENTURE UNIT
   AGILENT AT A GLANCE
Agilent delivers innovative technologies,
solutions and services to a wide range of
customers in communications, electronics,
life sciences and chemical analysis. The
breadth and depth of our expertise enable
us to offer solutions across our customers’
research, development, manufacturing and
operations value chain for creating new
technologies, products and services. With
insight gained from this unique and comprehensive perspective, we are dedicated to helping our customers make real progress in achieving their business results.
More than half of Agilent’s revenue is generated from outside of the United States. With customers in more than 110 countries, our global presence offers a distinct competitive advantage. Agilent’s manufacturing, R&D, sales and support capabilities around the world give customers the flexibility they need in today’s competitive environment.
   Agilent Technologies 2003 corporate report 3

  the President’s Community Volunteer Award in the United States. I’m extremely proud of our employees’ dedication to helping improve the communities where they live and work.
A SHARPER STRATEGIC FOCUS
Since the middle of 2001 we have been working to ensure Agilent’s viability and to restore the company to profitability. In 2004 we are focusing on sustaining that profitability as well as on our strategy for achieving consistent, profitable growth. The markets in which we compete – communications, electronics, life sciences and chemical analysis – are large and are undergoing fundamental change. While these markets are likely to grow modestly in the aggregate, we are pursuing carefully selected opportunities within these markets where we believe we can achieve profitable growth that exceeds overall market growth.
Our strategy for growth has the following elements:
• Maintain or gain market share in core businesses:
We believe the markets we serve will grow 6–8 percent per year over the next three years. We will focus on gaining market share and addressing opportunities in those markets where we have a strong position.
• Invest in several areas for near-term growth:
These areas include wireless and imaging components, solutions for telecom network management; gene expression and proteomics within the life sciences; and semiconductor test.
• Nurture “white space” opportunities:
These are the growth opportunities that don’t fall within one of our current businesses. Our deep technical expertise in Agilent Labs and our long-standing relationships with industry-leading customers are helping us identify and pursue a number of new business opportunities.
• Grow services and consumables:
We believe we can increase the percentage of our total revenue from services and consumables from the current 15 percent to more than 20 percent. We will leverage our expertise and customer relationships to expand the ways in which we help customers achieve their goals.
• Capture opportunities in emerging markets:
We have a growing presence in China, other parts of Asia and Eastern Europe, and we are working to strengthen our position in these promising markets.
Agilent is fundamentally a diverse technology company with important synergies across our businesses. These synergies include our R&D capabilities and expertise in fundamental scientific and technology disciplines; our ability to share vital services such as IT, corporate governance and procurement; and our strong corporate culture that focuses on clear objectives, well-defined metrics and rewarding people for results. We expect each of our businesses to optimize these synergies to achieve growth and profits that are ahead of their competitors and that result in attractive return on invested capital.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT CHANGES
During 2003 we made several additions to our Board of Directors and the senior management team. Koh Boon Hwee and Robert L. Joss joined our board. Boon Hwee is chairman of Singapore Airlines Ltd. He brings a deep understanding of the Asian market and a superb track record in the telecom industry to Agilent. Bob is dean of the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University. He has spent much of his career in banking and finance and has extensive international and senior executive experience.
   COMMUNICATIONS, ELECTRONICS, LIFE SCIENCES, CHEMICAL ANALYSIS • GAIN SHARE OF SELECTED MARKETS
TEST AND MEASUREMENT 2003 net revenue – $2.5 billion
Our test and measurement business provides standard and customized solutions that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronic equipment and systems as well as communications networks and services.
Markets: communications test and general purpose test. Product areas: communications test products include testing solutions for fiber optics, transport networks, broadband and data networks, wireless communications, microwave networks and products, installation and maintenance solutions and operations support systems, including monitoring and network management systems; general purpose test products include general purpose instruments, modular instruments and test software, digital design products, and high-frequency electronic design tools.
AUTOMATED TEST
2003 net revenue – $0.8 billion
Our automated test business provides test system solutions that are used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices and printed circuit assemblies.
Markets: semiconductor manufacturing and electronic manufacturing.
Product areas: semiconductor test equipment and electronics manufacturing test
equipment, including automated optical inspection, automated x-ray inspection, automated in-circuit testing and manufacturing test system software.
SEMICONDUCTOR PRODUCTS 2003 net revenue – $1.6 billion
Our semiconductor products business is a leading supplier of semiconductor components, modules and assemblies for high-performance electronics and communications systems. Markets: networking and personal systems.
Product areas: networking products include fiber optics and high-speed digital integrated circuits; personal systems products (for use in mobile phones, printers, PC peripherals and consumer electronics) include radio frequency and
microwave communications devices such as FBAR duplexers and E-pHEMT power amplifiers; infrared
emitters, detectors and transceiver modules; printing application specific integrated circuits (ASICs); optical image sensors and processors, optical position sensors, light emitting diodes (LEDs) and
optocouplers.
 4 Agilent Technologies 2003 corporate report

 This year we named Young K. Sohn as senior vice president and general manager of our Semiconductor Products Group. Young was most recently chairman and CEO of Oak Technology, a semiconductor company that provides digital media solutions for consumer electronics markets. He is an energetic executive with extensive knowledge of the semiconductor industry. This year Darlene Solomon was named vice president and director of Agilent Laboratories. Darlene’s great track record as a technologist and business manager makes her a superb choice to lead our central research facility.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
We are encouraged by our return to profitability in the fourth quarter
of 2003 and by our progress throughout the year in reducing our cost structure. We believe that demand in some of our markets began to strengthen at the end of fiscal 2003 and that our excellent fourth-quarter results reflected this improvement.
We are cautiously optimistic about the macroeconomic outlook for fiscal 2004. The strong surge in U.S. Gross Domestic Product at the end of calendar 2003 is encouraging and suggests improved prospects for capital equipment purchases. The improvement in corporate profits in the United States is another positive indicator. In addition, the prospects for growth in Asia remain very good.
There are reasons for caution as well. Overcapacity remains a substantial issue in the wireline telecommunications market. We expect somewhat slower growth in Europe than in Asia and the United States. The prolonged downturn in the high-tech sector may have the effect of slowing the general rate of technology adoption in some of our markets.
In 2004 we are determined to build on the progress we have made in restoring Agilent to profitability and in building the company for the
future. The difficulties of the last two-and-a-half years have tested
our company in many ways, but they have not altered our fundamental strengths: a rich and diverse technology portfolio, broad market leadership and a culture that fosters innovation. That innovation is made possible by the skills and energy of our people, who have done remarkable work under difficult circumstances. In 2004 we will stay focused on the financial discipline, ongoing operational improvement and the customer relationships that are vital to keeping Agilent at the forefront of our industry.
Ned Barnholt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
1 Agilent’s operating breakeven cost structure of $1.45 billion can be reconciled to GAAP breakeven cost structure as follows: total GAAP costs and expenses of $1.6 billion less restructuring of $.06 billion, less cost of sales decrement of $.08 billion (35% x $225 million), less IT projects of $.02 billion.
2 This number can be calculated as follows: total GAAP costs and expenses for the fourth quarter of 2002 of $2.1 billion less $.09 billion of goodwill and intangible amortization and $.3 billion of restructuring, less total GAAP costs and expenses for the fourth quarter of 2003 of $1.6 billion less $.06 billion of restructuring.
3 This number can be calculated as follows: total GAAP costs and expenses for the fourth quarter of 2001 of $2.3 billion less $.1 billion of goodwill and intangible amortization and $.2 billion of restructuring, less total GAAP costs and expenses for the fourth quarter of 2003 of $1.6 billion less $.06 billion of restructuring annualized.
  GOAL OF PROFITABLE GROWTH • R&D SYNERGIES • LEADERSHIP AND A CULTURE THAT FOSTERS INNOVATION
 AGILENT SALES AND SUPPORT
Agilent sells and distributes products primarily through a direct sales force as well as through
distributors, resellers, telesales and electronic commerce. Our businesses provide a range of
services and customer support, including systems integration, technical and
product support, consulting and knowledge services.
LIFE SCIENCES AND CHEMICAL ANALYSIS 2003 net revenue – $1.2 billion
Our life sciences and chemical analysis business provides application-focused solutions including instruments, software, consumables and services that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. Markets: gene expression, proteomics,
pharmaceutical analysis, environmental, petrochemical, homeland security and forensics, and bioagriculture and
food safety.
Product areas: microarrays;
microfluidics; gas chromatography;
liquid chromatography; mass
spectrometry; software and informatics;
and related consumables, reagents and services.
AGILENT LABORATORIES
Agilent Laboratories is
our central research
organization. Agilent Labs
engages in 1) applied
research leading to
technology that can be
transferred to our existing businesses
in communications, electronics, life sciences and chemical analysis; and 2) research that
creates new businesses that are outside of our
current markets but within our fields of interest. Agilent Labs also provides technology integration
across the company.
  Agilent Technologies 2003 corporate report 5
   