To our shareholders, Fiscal 2007 was a strong and successful year for Agilent, with annual revenue growth of 9 percent over the previous year. Annual gains in earnings per share, cash from continuing operations and return on invested capital were up appreciably, reflecting the discipline of the operating model that we have created. During the year we completed a $2 billion stock repurchase plan, 12 months ahead of schedule. In addition, we announced an additional $2 billion stock repurchase plan over the next two years. This is both a clear indication of the strong cash generation capabilities of Agilent's operating model and a reflection of Agilent's commitment to return excess cash to shareholders. Within our targeted markets, our electronic measurement business grew 3 percent over last year, while our bio-analytical measurement business grew 20 percent. This was a different mix than we had anticipated a year ago, although total growth was in line with expectations. In electronic measurement, we continued to show positive results in general purpose instrumentation, as well as positive results from shifting resources into wireless research and development and aerospace/defense. However, the electronic measurement business has also been impacted negatively from a global slowdown in cell phone handset testing and difficulties in wireless monitoring. Our bio-analytical measurement business saw continued growth and opportunities in both chemical analysis and life science. Through both organic growth and the benefit of targeted acquisitions, we had outstanding results across bio-analytical measurement and materially outgrew all major competitors. Electronic measurement businesses Agilent's electronic measurement business accounted for $3.4 billion of the company's 2007 revenues. The two measurement markets we serve here are general purpose test and communications test. In general purpose, we see significant market opportunity in aerospace and defense. We have created a new organization, the Signal Networking Division, to focus on surveillance and homeland security solutions for both the U.S. military and related agencies. We continue to expand our portfolio of basic and handheld low-cost instrumentation. We have made solid progress in building a network of distributors to serve this $1 billion market, and we will continue to strengthen and add to our product portfolio in the coming year. In communications, Agilent is the world's largest provider of cell phone manufacturing test solutions. During the past year we saw a slowdown in handset test, due to improved asset utilization by cell phone manufacturers and stronger demand for low-end phones where less testing is required. Although the handset test market can be volatile, it is becoming a smaller percentage of Agilent's total business and therefore remains manageable as we continue to shift resources into wireless research and development solutions. The wireless R&D market is less volatile and faces increasingly complex measurement challenges. Our opportunity here is to capitalize on emerging new technologies and standards

1



such as 3.9G, WiMAX and LTE, where we are well positioned with both our solutions and our relationships with key market makers. We continue to see significant opportunities in Asia. We have moved the majority of our manufacturing to Asia, and we have significant research and development presences to design and manufacture high-value products and solutions for both local and worldwide markets. Furthermore, our global presence and our strong sales, service and support organization uniquely enable Agilent to be the electronic test and measurement provider of choice for customers all over the world. As we move forward in 2008, we are taking a prudent position in the outlook for our electronic measurement business, where we are targeting our expected growth at 4-6 percent. We will continue to leverage our investments in what may be a relatively slow-growth year. On the other hand, we have the flexibility to outgrow these expectations if the market sees a rebound in 2008. Bio-analytical measurement businesses Agilent's bio-analytical measurement business accounted for $2.0 billion of the company's 2007 revenues. The two measurement markets we serve here are chemical analysis and life science. In chemical analysis, historically a mature and slow-growth business, we have been seeing tremendous secular growth driven by the demands of the food and petrochemical industries and environmental testing. Agilent is well positioned to capitalize on continued growth in these industries. We have refreshed our entire portfolio of core products including gas chromatography, liquid chromatography, GC/mass spectroscopy and LC/mass spectroscopy. We continue to expand our presence in Asia, where there is strong secular growth and demand in developing countries. We are making significant investments in both India and China, where our solutions help address environmental concerns such as air and water quality. Our solutions are also utilized in food safety testing, as well as in the testing of manufactured goods such as toys and pet food. For example, Agilent solutions played an important role in recognizing and dealing with the recent hazard of melamine contamination in pet food. In life science, rapid developments in genomics, proteomics and metabolomics, as well as continued growth in generic drugs and contract research organizations, provide us with significant growth opportunities. Our focus in life science is in developing complete workflow solutions for scientists and researchers. Building on the success of our current solutions in separation and detection, we will increase our capabilities in areas such as sample preparation. Agilent's recent acquisitions of Stratagene and Velocity11 expand our portfolio of lab workflow solutions. These acquisitions also provide us with significant new capabilities in reagents and lab automation, enhancing our own breakthroughs in areas such as micro-RNA measurement. Our opportunity is to further penetrate the academic and research environment where billions of research dollars are being invested in the United States, Europe and Asia.

2

We are well positioned in our bio-analytical measurement markets. While we do not expect that we can continue to double overall market growth as we did in 2007, we are targeting 12-14 percent growth in these businesses in 2008. A disciplined operating model Agilent is committed to the organizational discipline, culture and operating model necessary to outpace the market as the world's premier measurement company. The company's success is focused around four core themes: teams, markets, technology and business model. Agilent's teams are capable of delivering results. We continue to attract the best employees, with a job acceptance rate of approximately 90 percent. We have made substantial changes to the executive leadership team to ensure that our leaders are able to make the tough decisions about where to focus our resources. Leaders are building Agilent's organizational capability and aligning their teams with clear, measurable objectives on which they can deliver and for which they will be held accountable. Agilent sees enormous market opportunities going forward. Our strategy is to leverage the strength and success of our core bench top instrument markets to invest in adjacent areas through careful market segmentation. Our goal is to make investments where we can create and deliver long-term differentiated value to our customers, as the market will only pay a premium for truly differentiable technology contributions. Our investment strategy is to ensure that we have sufficient resources and profit to continue growing within our core base businesses, and to avoid overextending ourselves in adjacent opportunities. Although Agilent at its core is an organic growth company, we have invested $700 million in acquisitions over the past two years to augment growth with a particular focus in life science. We are taking a disciplined approach to acquisitions, concentrating on opportunities that can provide us with a 20-percent return on invested capital within a three- to five-year timeframe. Agilent's business model is designed to deliver greater-than-industry-average revenue growth and return on invested capital. Our cost structure now has the built-in flexibility to deliver solid performance and remain cash flow positive throughout any part of the economic cycle. Furthermore, we have metrics and incentives in place to align our employees' priorities with those of our shareholders. Continued growth in 2008 We characterized 2007 as Year One of ``Phase II'' of the company, as we shifted from an emphasis on building the operating model to an emphasis on leveraging it for higher sustainable, profitable growth. With our restructuring now completed and behind us, we see our total addressable market as a $43 billion opportunity in 2008. Our goal as the world's premier measurement company is to be the measurement partner to every engineer, scientist and service provider in the electronics and bio-analytical markets.

3



We are well positioned for the coming year, with the right investments, strategy and leadership in place to drive above-market growth. Our operating model provides powerful leverage for us to translate our results into significant value for our shareholders.

12JAN200603224524
Bill Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer January 14, 2008
``WiMAX'' is a trademark of the WiMAX Forum

4

