To our Shareholders,
Fiscal 2015 was an exciting year of transformation for Agilent Technologies. Following the 2014 spin-off of our electronic measurement business into an independent company, Agilent re-emerged as a global leader dedicated entirely to life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical analysis markets. We successfully completed Agilent's CEO transition. I was named as Agilent's third CEO at our March 18, 2015 shareholder meeting. We offer our heartfelt appreciation for Bill Sullivan's lead ership and accomplishments as Agilent's CEO over the past decade. We formed a new executive leadership team that is deeply committed to delivering results. We implemented a new company strategy, mission and vision. We restructured the company's operations and product portfolio, and committed to new long-term financial goals. While building the foundation for Agilent's future with an unprecedented amount of change, we delivered very strong financial results, delivering increased growth and profitability. For the full fiscal year, we generated revenues of $4.04 billion. This represents our highest annual core revenue growth rate since fiscal 2011, excluding the impact of currency, the NMR business, and acquisitions and divestitures within the past 12 months. We increased our fiscal 2015 operating margins, offsetting entirely the cost dis-synergies from the company split. We also returned $400 million to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. During the year, Agilent's leadership team focused on three areas to drive shareholder value creation: 1. 2. 3. Deliver above-market growth Aggressively expand operating margins Increase cash return to our shareholders

Above-market growth Our analytical lab markets, which represent 84 percent of the total company, are comprised of two externally reported business segments: the Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group and the Agilent CrossLab Group. Together, these businesses serve customers in pharmaceuticals and life sciences research, as well as in applied chemical markets such as chemical and energy, food safety, environmental and forensics. We offer our customers a strong and comprehensive portfolio of instruments, software, consumables and services. The Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group (LSAG) brings together Agilent's analytical laboratory instrumentation and informatics. Throughout the year, we continued to introduce new and innovative offerings with a significantly differentiated customer experience. The Agilent 1290 Infinity II LC systems set new benchmarks in analytical efficiency, quality, ease of use and integration. We further enhanced our Infinity II LC line with the 1290 Infinity II Vial-Sampler. This product significantly lowers the entry price to the top-line product range, offering analytical laboratories a cost-effective way to experience the advantages of ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography. In mass spectrometry, the Agilent 6545 LC/MS Q-TOF offers higher resolving power and sensitivity for smallmolecule applications such as food screening, the environment and pharmaceuticals. The Agilent 6470 LC/MS Triple-Quad, used in applications that range from food testing to clinical research, is engineered to be our most robust triple-quadrupole ever. The Agilent 5977B High-Efficiency Source GC/MSD is a tandem gas chromatograph and mass spec that delivers lower levels of detection than any other instrument in its class, making it possible to detect pollutants and contaminants at previously undetectable levels. And the Agilent 7800 quadrupole ICP-MS, the latest addition to our industry-leading inductively coupled plasma mass spec portfolio, raises the standard for routine elemental and metals analysis.

1

AnnualREPORT Report ANNUAL

We released a new electronic lab notebook, OpenLAB ELN 5.0, which adds several core feature enhancements including an Apple iPAD mobile client. We introduced the Agilent 4200 TapeStation system, a fully automated instrument that enables scientists to rapidly analyze up to 96 DNA samples at a time and sets a new sample QC standard for next-generation sequencing. And we launched several targeted solutions, including our GC QTOF Pesticide Analysis Solution and our LC QTOF Water Analysis System. The Agilent CrossLab Group (ACG) combines our analytical laboratory services and consumables businesses under a new Agilent brand. The Agilent CrossLab brand is focused on delivering a new and integrated approach that offers actionable insights to help customers achieve successful outcomes. We introduced several new services solutions, including laboratory business intelligence reporting, RFID (radio-frequency identification) inventory management services and laboratory asset utilization services. The Agilent University introduced an enhanced portfolio of online training courses. This enables customers ­ from lab technicians to researchers ­ to develop new skills and gain insights that can improve economic, operational and scientific outcomes for their laboratories. In consumables, we expanded the Poroshell family to include a new 4-micron particle size. We expanded our AdvanceBio portfolio of solutions, enabling scientists to speed research and lower costs. And we introduced a new product, the Enhanced Matrix Removal-Lipid, to help food safety labs test high-fat samples more accurately and with reproducible results. In addition to our continued growth through leadership in analytical laboratories, we are leveraging Agilent's analytical strength to further penetrate the connected clinical research and diagnostics laboratories. The Diagnostics and Genomics Group (DGG) is a global leader in diagnostics and genomics solutions for research and clinical laboratories. Within anatomic pathology, our Dako-branded tissue-based diagnostics are at the forefront of workflow solutions helping pathologists to accurately diagnose cancer and determine the most effective treatment for cancer patients. We continued to strengthen our diagnostics and genomics portfolio throughout fiscal 2015. We entered a strategic partnership with Cell Signaling Technology to supply antibodies for use in Dako-branded diagnostics products. We launched updated gene expression microarray tools for researchers to better investigate expression patterns on a highly accessible platform. And we released new target enrichment solutions for disease research that address current limitations in exome sequencing. In fiscal 2015, two new Agilent diagnostics products received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The first product was created in partnership with Merck & Co. This new companion diagnostic test can reveal whether a patient with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer is likely to respond to Merck's anti -PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA. The second product is the first complementary diagnostic developed in collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb. This new test can identify PD-L1 expression levels on the surface of non-small-cell lung cancer tumor cells, and provide information on the survival benefit with OPDIVO for patients with non-squamous, non-small-cell lung cancer. In addition to Agilent's internal R&D and development, we continue to make acquisitions to enhance our comprehensive portfolio of leading technologies, products and solutions. In fiscal 2015 we acquired Cartagenia, a leading provider of software and services for clinical genetics and molecular pathology labs. The Cartagenia Bench platform enables technical, lab directors and clinicians to visualize, assess and report clinical genetics data in the context of patient information. Together, Agilent and Cartagenia can help remove bottlenecks inherent in analysis, interpretation and reporting clinical data, resulting in faster answers for patients.

2

In November 2015 we also acquired Seahorse Bioscience, a leader in providing instruments and assay kits for measuring cell metabolism and bioenergetics. Seahorse's unique technology is the perfect complement to Agilent's market-leading separation and mass spec solutions, in particular for metabolomics and disease research in pharma. The combination of these two platforms gives scientists a more comprehensive and faster path to researching some of the most challenging diseases affecting mankind. Expanded operating margins In fiscal 2015 we launched a multi-year "Agile Agilent" program, re-engineering the company to be more efficient, nimble and eternally focused. As part of a company reorganization and restructuring, we established a new sales channel and divisional structure which have been fully and successfully implemented. We continually looked for opportunities to streamline and re-think our legacy business models. These included closing our U.S. Government Affairs office. We also closed and sold a California chemistry manufacturing site and consolidated production volume into an existing Agilent site. In fiscal 2015, our actions from the "Agile Agilent" program delivered about $40 million in gross savings. In addition, the closure of our Nuclear Magnetic Resonance business ­ announced at the end of fiscal 2014 ­ resulted in $15 million in savings. And the Agilent Order Fulfillment organization successfully delivered $25 million in committed savings. The "Agile Agilent" program and order fulfillment cost savings will be key drivers behind continued non-GAAP operating margin expansion. We increased our fiscal 2015 operating margins and are well on track to achieve a 22 percent operating margin by fiscal 2017. At the same time, we continue to invest for long-term revenue growth. Our results in fiscal 2015 give us confidence in our ability to deliver on this longer-term operating margin expansion commitment. Long-term shareholder value For the year, we returned $400 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks. We also generated $491 million in operating cash flow. On May 28, 2015, the Agilent Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $1.14 billion of the company's common stock through and including November 1, 2018. Fiscal 2015 was a year of transformation for the new Agilent. The coming year will be focused on accelerating and continuing to build our market leadership. We will leverage the power of our transformation and continue to establish leadership in our targeted markets ­ the analytical laboratory and the connected clinical research and diagnostics laboratory. We are well positioned to help address some of the greatest global challenges currently facing our generation. These include dealing with increasingly dangerous diseases and pathogens; improving the quality of food, air, soil, water and living environments worldwide; and managing a fixed amount of natural resources. Our mission is to inspire discoveries that advance the quality of life, by bring capabilities to our customers to address these major problems. Agilent is well positioned to impact both the science and the economics of customer laboratories across our end markets. We will impact the science by providing the most innovative offerings and leading technologies, wrapped in complete market-focused solutions for our customers. We will impact the economics by helping our customers manage their assets and optimize the efficiency of their laboratory operations. Agilent's portfolio and pipeline of leading technologies and solutions ha ve never been stronger. We have an energized and aligned team that is motivated to deliver on the new company's full potential. We remain quite confident and excited about Agilent's long-term prospects of above-market growth, increasing profitability levels and cash returns to our shareholders ­ all leading to the creation of greater shareholder value.

Mike McMullen Agilent President and Chief Executive Officer
3

AnnualREPORT Report ANNUAL

