 To our Shareholders,
On November 1, 2014, Agilent successfully completed its separation into two stand-alone, publicly traded companies through a tax-free spinoff of its electronic measurement business.
The new company, Keysight Technologies, is now a global market leader in communications, computer, semiconductors, aerospace and defense, and industrial markets. As a separate company, Keysight generated revenues of $2.9 billion in fiscal year 2014. Agilent shareholders received all outstanding shares of Keysight’s common stock in a special dividend distribution.
Agilent Technologies continues as a global leader focused on life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. As a separate company, Agilent generated revenues of $4.0 billion in fiscal year 2014.
Mike McMullen, Agilent president and chief operating officer, becomes the company’s new CEO in March 2015. William (Bill) Sullivan, who has served as Agilent CEO since 2005, remains as an advisor until his retirement at the end of fiscal 2015.
Agilent now serves a $44 billion combined market that includes chemical, energy, pharmaceutical, food safety, environmental, forensics, life sciences research, clinical and diagnostics end markets. We work with customers in more than 100 countries, providing instruments, software, services and consumables for their entire laboratory workflow.
We are well positioned to help address some of the greatest challenges currently facing the world. With the rise of cancer and infectious pathogens, there is an urgency to improve the way we diagnose and treat diseases. As emerging economies develop and raise their standards of living, communities want to improve the quality and safety of their water, air and food. And as the world’s population expands, we face a fixed and declining amount of fossil fuels, raw materials and resources. Countries need to develop new sources of energy and materials.
Agilent’s mission is to be the premier partner for our laboratory customers as we work together to build a healthier world.
Growth through leadership in the analytical lab
Eighty-seven percent of Agilent’s business serves analytical laboratories. These include pharmaceutical and life sciences research, as well as applied chemical markets such as chemical and energy, food safety, environmental and forensics. We offer our customers a strong and comprehensive portfolio of instruments, software, consumables and services.
We will sustain share growth in the analytical lab by continuing to bring innovative new offerings to the marketplace, and by expanding our lab-wide services and consumables with a significantly differentiated customer experience.
In the past year, we launched a series of new products in our core gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer (GC/MS) and liquid chromatograph/mass spectrometer (LC/MS) platforms. These solutions are differentiated by higher performance and lower cost of ownership, making them ideally suited for applications in analytical labs. These platforms are supplemented at the high end with our ultra-high-performance triple-quadrupole (QQQ) and quadrupole time-of-flight (Q-TOF) mass spec solutions for both GC and LC.
We also introduced new inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometer (ICP-MS) and microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometer (MP-AES) systems, with more streamlined operational features and user-friendly interfaces. These enable a wider range of applications as well as improved accessibility to a broader range of lab personnel.
And we strengthened our industry-leading atomic spectroscopy portfolio with the launch of the Agilent 5100 Inductively-Coupled Plasma-Optical Emission Spectrometer (ICP-OES), which sets a new industry standard. Among its many innovations, the product can run analyses 55 percent faster using 50 percent less gas per sample than competitive systems. In addition, design changes have led to a 20-percentage-point gross margin improvement over the previous product.
1
Annual Report

Agilent’s Cary 700 Universal Spectrophotometer was named a 2014 R&D 100 Award winner, recognizing it as one of the 100 most technologically significant products introduced in the marketplace over the past year. This marks the third consecutive year Agilent spectrophotometers have been recognized as R&D 100 Award winners.
We are also addressing the increasing need for improved operational efficiency across the analytical laboratory, and differentiated data analysis capabilities to support our customer’s applications needs. Our OpenLAB informatics software is based on open architecture. This enables us to optimize our customers’ laboratories, whether they bought their equipment from Agilent or someone else. Our open architecture also allows for easy development of application software.
And we are expanding our lab-wide capabilities in consumables and services to optimize our customers’ laboratory operations. We are pursuing an industry-unique strategy with our CrossLab consumables and chemistries, providing the highest-quality and performance consumables to customers who may also own competitors’ equipment. We are expanding our enterprise-wide services capabilities to include asset management capabilities and lab productivity solutions. We service and support not only Agilent’s equipment but our competitors’ equipment as well.
Growth by leveraging analytical strength into diagnostics
Agilent has an opportunity to leverage our leading position in analytical laboratories to further penetrate the connected genomics, clinical research and diagnostics laboratories. We view the fast-growing diagnostics market as a complementary business, and we have already made a strong entry into this space with our acquisition of Dako. As we continue to grow our core presence in the analytical lab, we can leverage that strong position to expand in diagnostics.
In the past year we introduced ClearSeq AML, the first in a line of next-generation sequencing panels developed for cancer research. Our new family of SureSelect focused exome products provides the most comprehensive and high- performance NGS solutions for post-natal research on high-throughput and benchtop sequencers.
We also introduced the IQ FISH (fluorescent in situ hybridization) workflow for bone marrow and custom FISH service through our SureDesign custom target-enrichment offering. Both FISH products provide high-quality results with significantly shorter turnaround times. A 16-hour turnaround time with standard FISH technologies can be reduced to 2.5 hours with IQ FISH.
And we have signed new companion diagnostics agreements with Merck & Co. and Amgen for development products that include treatments for lung, breast and gastric cancer. Our development and commercialization agreement with Merck & Co. is for a companion diagnostics device that combines Dako’s immunohistochemistry solutions with Merck’s anti PD-L1 cancer drug.
Long-term shareholder value
With the completion of the separation of the company, we have created two companies with greater strategic and management focus, with each company well positioned for growth and long-term shareholder value in their respective markets.
As part of the separation, Agilent retired an additional $500 million of debt. This helps us to maintain our debt at a level consistent with our current investment-grade rating.
We remain committed to creating shareholder value by expanding our operating margins and return on invested capital, consistent with our long-term operating model. We will focus on aggressively growing our adjusted operating margins with our portfolio and order-fulfillment transformation programs. We will leverage SG&A and R&D investments, and reduce cost dis-synergies resulting from the separation of Keysight.
We will also deploy capital for long-term shareholder value, with an expected return of $500 million to shareholders in fiscal year 2015. This includes a combination of cash dividends – approximately $135 million – and opportunistic share buybacks.
2

 We look forward to Agilent’s historic first year as a new company focused on serving customers in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. We are confident that the CEO transition will be smooth and seamless to the organization, customers and investors.
Bill Sullivan
Agilent Chief Executive Officer
Mike McMullen
Agilent President, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-Elect
February 6, 2015
  3
Annual Report
