  Klaus Kleinfeld
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARd ANd CHIEF ExECUTIvE OFFICER
// Advancing
each generation
It’s fitting that in Alcoa’s 125th anniversary year our Company marks a major transformation from a commodity focus to a growing emphasis on our value-add businesses. In making this shift, we are building
on the legacy of customer innovation and solid business principles we inherited from our investor-founder, Charles Martin Hall, and his business partner and sister, Julia Hall.
As the Halls developed customer applications for our aluminum “miracle metal,” they partnered with other inventors and business leaders, such as the Wright brothers and Henry Ford, to launch the aviation and automotive industries. Since then, Alcoa has helped
a wide variety of industries grow and prosper. With Alcoa metals building the rockets, satellites and exploration vehicles that opened up outer space and the airplanes that changed the face of international transportation and commerce, the Wright brothers’ aviation business grew into a broad aerospace industry. A major shift to aluminum
in cars, trucks, buses and railcars contributes to the profitability of the automotive, travel and leisure, mass transit and commercial transportation industries. Alcoa is also breaking new ground in commercial construction, packaging and consumer electronics, with innovative contributions in areas ranging from “green buildings” to stylish smart phones to shaped aluminum bottles.
Alcoa’s metallurgical innovations are driving the growth of our value- add businesses, which in 2013 generated 57% of Alcoa’s revenues and 80% of our segment profits, a 10-percentage point profit increase over 2012. Thanks to the shift towards value-add businesses and our expanded use of a variety of metals and materials, Alcoa was better positioned than other aluminum producers to offset the 9% drop in the average aluminum price on the London Metal Exchange (LME) and the cost headwinds that negatively affected our industry in 2013.
Our Cash Sustainability Program for 2013 drove Alcoa’s profitable growth with productivity gains of $1.1 billion. Since we started
this program as a response to the economic crisis in 2008, we’ve had $6.7 billion in productivity gains and a reduction of 23 days of working capital worth $1.4 billion. We could not have achieved that
level of productivity and cash flow generation without the continued commitment and hard work of every Alcoan. Since 2006, we’ve seen Alcoa’s employee engagement, as measured by a national survey firm, rise 25 percentage points. Across the entire talent spectrum, we are attracting, developing and advancing our employees. They are laying the groundwork today that will drive Alcoa’s success for many generations to come, as the generations before us have done for us.
Our investments in our people, their ingenuity and hard work, the continued success of our Cash Sustainability Program and our portfolio shift to value-add businesses are all reflected in Alcoa’s total shareholder return, or TSR. In 2013, Alcoa’s TSR was more than 45 percentage points better than the TSR of its aluminum industry peers*.
A major factor in Alcoa’s success during the downturn was an accelerated focus on innovation to help our customers withstand the impact of the economic crisis. Our customers have thanked us by giving us higher market shares, allowing us to buffer the impact of shrinking markets. Now, as the markets improve, we are starting to benefit from our strengthened position in virtually every one of our end markets.
Responding to Alcoa’s innovation leadership, Ford Motor Company chose Alcoa as a major supplier for the 2015 Ford F-150, the new version of the highest selling vehicle in the United States. The 2015 F-150 is tougher, safer and smarter than ever, with an all-new high- strength, military-grade aluminum alloy throughout the body, which improves dent and ding resistance while saving as much as 700 pounds. The lighter weight gives Ford’s truck customers improved towing and payload and better fuel efficiency. As the automotive industry follows Ford’s lead, we are accelerating our research and development in lightweighting automotive technologies, investing in plant expansions in Iowa and Tennessee and building a rolling mill in Saudi Arabia. Alcoa will be providing the innovative solutions our customers will want to become more competitive.
The experience of Alcoa’s wheels business shows how innovation drives growth once aluminum gets a foothold in replacing other materials. Initially, trucking fleets started replacing steel with aluminum wheels to achieve a 35% weight reduction that resulted
in up to 5% lower fuel costs. Since then our wheels team, with the help of the Alcoa Technical Center, has been launching a progression of innovations that widen our lead over both steel and aluminum competitors. Our current LvL ONETM wheels are now 41% lighter
and carry up to 3% greater payload than a truck and trailer using steel wheels. Six times brighter than our aluminum competitors’ wheels, they have strong aesthetic appeal and because they are corrosion resistant and don’t require chemical cleaning, they lower our customers’ maintenance and operating costs. This year we will introduce a wheel built from our new MagnaForceTM alloy that is 17% stronger and will increase our weight reduction versus steel to 47%,
* Aluminum peers include aluminum and alumina producing companies with a market capitalization of at least $3 billion (as of 2010) and some publicly traded shares: Aluminum Corporation of China Limited, United Company RUSAL, Norsk Hydro ASA, Alumina Limited, National Aluminium Company Limited and Shandong Nanshan Aluminum Co., Ltd.
 2

 further increasing payloads without any loss of fuel efficiency. Thanks to that steady stream of innovations, Alcoa wheels has had a 15% annual revenue growth rate since 2009 and is now expanding into the high growth markets of China and Brazil.
Innovation drove the phenomenal growth of Alcoa’s aerospace business since the days of the Wright brothers. 90% of all aerospace alloys on aircraft currently in service were developed by Alcoa. Today, every Western commercial aircraft uses Alcoa fasteners and every Western commercial and military aircraft engine is built with Alcoa nickel super-alloy investment castings. With $4 billion of annual revenues from the aerospace sector, 60% from non-aluminum metals, Alcoa is the global leader in aerospace fasteners and jet engine airfoils. Our advanced metallurgical technology allows jet engines to operate at temperatures of more than 3,000o Fahrenheit, a key factor in achieving the industry’s goal of 50% emissions reductions and a 15% reduction in both fuel burn and decibel noise. Our advances in Aluminum- Lithium have enabled airlines to dramatically reduce their operating and maintenance costs by increasing fuel efficiency and improving resistance to corrosion and fatigue.
The beautiful cauldron holding the Olympic flame above the Sochi Winter Games was touted by the Russian hosts as a symbol of an environmentally-friendly Olympics. Built with panels made from Alcoa’s architectural aluminum, it is also a symbol of Alcoa innovation and the bright future for Alcoa’s $1.5 billion commercial construction businesses. The Alcoa Reynobond® panels in the cauldron were coated with an innovative technology called EcoCleanTM that is self-cleaning and removes pollutants from the air. In addition to aesthetic and emissions benefits, Alcoa’s new aluminum architectural systems provide buildings with stronger impact protection and more than 50% better thermal performance than traditional methods.
As governments and customers seek to reduce the high energy consumption and resultant emissions of buildings, Alcoa’s “green building” innovations enabled Alcoa to grow our business during
the construction drought of the past five years and position us for dramatic growth when the commercial real estate market rebounds.
To win the business to build the cauldron and other venues in Sochi, our building and construction team leveraged the strong relationships of Alcoa’s Global Rolled Products businesses in Russia. Similarly,
our Global Rolled Products team built on our longstanding Global Primary Products presence in Brazil to expand its packaging business in Latin America. In Saudi Arabia, where our Ma’aden-Alcoa joint venture will complete construction in 2014 of the largest integrated aluminum complex in the world, the joint venture will be a base for all three of Alcoa’s global groups to reach the growing Middle East market. As the world’s lowest cost aluminum production facility, the Ma’aden-Alcoa joint venture is integral to our strategy for increasing the cost competitiveness of our commodity portfolio, the alumina and aluminum businesses.
Our alumina business remains profitable today because we have reduced the production costs in our refineries to be in the bottom 27% of the global cost curve and because we have decreased the impact of the LME on Alcoa, where financial traders have become
an ever increasing part of the market, contributing to volatility and pricing that is delinked from the fundamentals of the aluminum market. In 2013, 55% of our third-party alumina shipments were based on the Alumina Price Index (API) or spot pricing, which are driven by true alumina demand and supply market forces. To increase the profitability of our aluminum business, we are increasing the productivity of our smelters and closing or curtailing those high on the cost curve due to high energy prices or inefficient technology. By the end of 2013, we had permanently closed 829,000 metric tons since the beginning of 2008 and curtailed another 655,000 metric tons of uneconomic aluminum capacity towards our goal of being the most profitable and technologically advanced aluminum producer.
during 2013, we also resolved a number of legacy matters from earlier years, including the conclusion of investigations by the U.S. department of Justice (dOJ) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) related to allegations of bribery in securing certain alumina contracts originally signed many years ago with a Bahraini company called Alba. In connection with the resolution of this legal matter, both the dOJ and the SEC recognized Alcoa for our cooperation throughout their investigations and for our compliance efforts, including comprehensive reviews and enhancements to our programs.
We continued to reaffirm Alcoa’s values during 2013. We launched
a global Integrity Champion Network of high potential managers to further embed a values-based culture of integrity and compliance at all levels of the Company. Our employees’ strong commitment to our Environment, Health and Safety value resulted in Alcoa’s first fatality- free year in the 70 years since the Company began monitoring safety on a global basis. In support of the diversity aspect of our Respect value, Alcoa won the 2013 Catalyst Award for providing opportunities to women worldwide and was chosen as the Best Company for Women in Brazil.
Alcoa’s 125th anniversary year was an important transition point in the continuing success story of our great Company. We resolved past legacy matters, reaffirmed our enduring values, and accelerated our transformation from a commodity company to growth businesses providing our customers value-creating technologies and solutions. Continuing to build on our founders’ innovation heritage and sound business principles, we are well-prepared and fully committed to achieve the Alcoa vision—“Advancing each generation”—for our shareholders, customers, employees, communities and partners.
Klaus Kleinfeld
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARd ANd CHIEF ExECUTIvE OFFICER
 3
