Fellow Shareowners: At Alcoa, we have a steady focus on the
bottom line and always measure ourselves against the best. That is why I can only describe our financial performance in 2002 as disappointing. We did make strides to strengthen the company for the future, solidify relationships with customers, and lay a path for profitable growth. However, the extended weakness in the general manufacturing environment and specific markets ­ particularly aerospace, telecommunications, and industrial gas turbines ­ overshadowed some outstanding work and reinforced the need to increase the scope of our cost savings and restructuring initiatives. Driven by the downturn, our sales fell 10% for the year. Excluding one-time charges, income from continuing operations was $779 million, or $.92 per share. Including charges, net income for 2002 was $420 million, or $.49 per diluted share. In addition to weak economic conditions, our results from last year were hurt by significantly lower realized prices for primary aluminum and alumina.

Alain Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Moving Forward
The culture at Alcoa is not to make excuses, but rather to accept challenges and do our best at managing what we can...what is within our control. That is how we are moving forward: by reducing costs and capital expenditures, restructuring operations, and divesting others...all with financial discipline, so we can pursue growth in our core businesses. Our actions, both recent and planned, are based on two precepts: we must make short-term improvements in the business ­ correcting the issues of 2002 ­ while positioning the company to be successful for many years to come. In 2003, we will remain focused on our financial goals: driving to join the first quintile of S&P Industrials in return on capital (ROC) performance (more than onethird of our company already is performing at this level, but there is still much improvement to be made); and achieving our cost savings goal of $1.0 billion by the end of 2003. With our continued application of the Alcoa Business System, we will exceed our cost savings target. We are executing plans to strengthen our position during this downturn and prepare the company for the

upturn when it comes. Five years from now, we will be able to look back and see how these steps helped improve both short-term and long-term profitability...and laid the foundation for future growth. Beyond cost savings opportunities, this plan includes: · Implementing a portfolio review; · Strengthening our asset base and improving its productivity; · Extending our global reach and repositioning our primary business lower on the cost curve; · Solidifying the connection to our customers; and · Taking the transformation of our businesses ­ from making products to selling customer solutions ­ to a new level. That is where our assets, proprietary technologies and the brainpower of our employees bring the most value to our customers and, in turn, to Alcoa.

Portfolio Review
In 2002, we conducted a portfolio review of our businesses and the markets they serve. As part of the review, we established ongoing criteria for aluminum and nonaluminum businesses, including: · The ability to grow in excess of GDP; or · The ability to deliver superior returns in sectors where Alcoa has a sustainable competitive advantage. As a result of this review, we are in the process of divesting businesses that do not meet these criteria. Those
1

businesses range from specialty chemicals and specialty packaging equipment to architectural products in North America and commodity automotive fasteners. Many of these are good, solid operations with strong management, customer focus, and excellent workforces; they just do not meet our ongoing criteria. The businesses being divested generated approximately $1.3 billion in total revenues in 2002, and proceeds from the sales are expected to be as much as $1 billion. Those proceeds will be deployed primarily to reduce debt, increasing the company's flexibility for future growth opportunities in core businesses.

Integrating New Businesses
We also added businesses to our portfolio ­ that met our financial discipline measures ­ in key markets during the year. In aerospace, we strengthened our position with the acquisition of Fairchild Fasteners. Fairchild's product line complements the fastening products from Huck, which we supply to aircraft manufacturers, and gives Alcoa the broadest product line in this part of the aerospace industry. The new Alcoa Fastening Systems, combining Huck and Fairchild, will be the premier supplier in this niche. And we added to our already strong position in the packaging market with the acquisition of Ivex Packaging, which has broadened our food and foodservice packaging offerings. Our packaging businesses ­ ranging from closures to Reynolds consumer products to the design, prepress, and imaging business of Southern Graphic Systems ­ continued their stellar performance this year, and with the combination of Ivex this should continue. Our Vision ­ to be the world's best supplier, employer, neighbor, and investment choice...the best Company in the world ­ remains unchanged by the events of the year. The discipline we bring to the current business situation adds focus and energy to this Vision. Our relationship with Chalco, the Aluminum Company of China, Ltd., deepened this year. Our joint venture with Chalco at Pingguo, one of the most efficient alumina and aluminum production facilities in China, should be formalized in 2003. We announced a $1 billion (Canadian) upgrade and expansion to our hydropowered operations in BaieComeau, Quebec, dramatically improving its cost structure. And we reached agreements with the governments of Jamaica and Suriname that provide a foundation to expand our low-cost alumina operations in those countries. In Brazil, we have continued to move toward selfsufficiency in power generation, having achieved 17% of our present needs ­ with another 26% under construction now and more than 50% under concession. These and other similar efforts will accelerate Alcoa down the cost curve in primary, replacing older, less competitive capacity with newer, more efficient operations. We continue to build on the successful foundation of the upstream businesses. Taking action now will lock in our competitive position for years to come.

Building Upon Strengths in Upstream Businesses
As a Company, we strengthened areas where we excel, and we continued to drive down costs in primary aluminum operations worldwide. We wrapped up a productive negotiation process with the government of Iceland and Iceland's national power company to build a hydropowered $1.1 billion smelter project there. That project, slated to go on line in 2007, will be our first all-new smelter capacity in 20 years, and we expect it to set new standards in both efficiency and sustainability.
2

Strengthening Customer Relationships: From Products to Solutions
As you'll see throughout this report, the Alcoa Business System (ABS) begins with the customer. Our Market Sector Lead Team strategy is an extension of ABS. These teams work with Alcoa's business units to improve our response to customer needs that span across our organization and migrate our value proposition from materials and components to high-value, customer-centric engineered solutions.

This effort, requiring major organizational and cultural change, saw real life this year with market customers. By "real life" I mean that customers dealt with Alcoa as a more comprehensive horizontal supplier of solutions; i.e., the application of technologies that enable a customer to meet specific end-user requirements for speed, convenience, economy, safety, etc. Solutions are the opposite of commodities. For both Alcoa and our customers, they have value far beyond the nuts and bolts and materials that comprise them. This strategy gained momentum in 2002 and will continue that path through 2003 and beyond.

Performance in our communities was also stellar in 2002, in which we kicked off the 50th anniversary of Alcoa Foundation, marking a half century of sharing Alcoa Values beyond the workplace. We celebrated around the world, with employees in more than 100 communities. We also began work on a unique international Social Venture Initiative designed to improve the effectiveness and sustainability of nonprofits by applying business and entrepreneurial models in their organizations.

Alcoa Values and Corporate Governance
Our Values proved their worth in other ways in 2002, a time of significant corporate governance issues in the world. We support initiatives underway to provide more transparency, more disclosure, better and stronger control of the accounting industry, and better governance. Our review of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act shows that we have no significant changes to make. Still, there is no amount of laws or regulations that will force a company to behave with integrity. The best line of defense is for integrity to be a part of the living Values of each individual member of the team. For years, Integrity has sat atop our Values. Yet, as with everything we do, we are taking steps to further improve standards, controls, and accountabilities to ensure we are beyond reproach.

Safety and Community Milestones
Other positive achievements for 2002, I am proud to say, include continued progress in safety and a major milestone in our relationships with Alcoa communities worldwide. When we first set our sights at being the safest company in the world, many thought it was unrealistic. But we continue to deliver consistent improvement. Our lost workday rate in 2002, including acquired Reynolds and Cordant facilities, was 0.15 per 200,000 hours worked ­ a 44% improvement over the full-year rate of 0.27 for all facilities in 2001. This shows that we are able to close the safety gap quickly with new acquisitions ­ thanks to integration into the Alcoa Business System and the adoption of Alcoa Values. Approximately 80% of our locations

Alcoa's Great Opportunity
Together, we embrace the challenge of improving our performance and achieving our goals within the current market environment. We cannot maintain the status quo and hope for an economic recovery. We will not let a weak economy have the same impact on Alcoa in 2003 that it did in 2002. We have made some of the difficult decisions that needed to be made and that will position us well for the years ahead. We will strengthen the company, improve our agility, and pursue profitable growth opportunities with our customers, like the solutions in the pages that follow. They represent a small portion of opportunities that lay in front of us. Alcoans are committed to not only improve our performance, but build a legacy of action that we can be proud of for years to come.

Lost Workday Incident Rate
injuries per 200,000 work hours
.99 .81
44% improvement from 2001

.77

.75 .49
208 less incidents

.46

.46 .36 .23

.28 .27 .18 .16

.15

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

98

99

00

01

02

Alcoa (as reported) With Reynolds, Howmet/Huck

operated through 2002 without a single lost workday incident ­ and 44% of them did not have a single recordable incident. We remain committed to achieving the ultimate goal ­ zero incidents. I'm proud of our employees' performance. It shows that Alcoa is capable of tremendous achievement when focused on an issue. We are applying the same level of focus to improving the business performance of the company.

Alain J. P. Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 20, 2003
3

