CHAIRMAN'S LETTER
This year was an important milestone in Alcoa's transformation. In recent years, my shareholder letters focused on our many efforts to keep the Alcoa ship on course while buffeted by external events. Year after year, we proved that we can weather the storms that batter our industry. In 2014, as in the years before but with an accelerated pace, we discharged legacy issues that were slowing us down. This enables us to transform Alcoa faster and to better control our destiny in a world of continuing economic uncertainty. Our transformation goals are two-fold: to build Alcoa's valueadd portfolio of multi-material, innovation-rich businesses that serve high-growth end markets, and to increase the global competitiveness of our commodity portfolio by moving further down the alumina and aluminum cost curves. These goals draw on Alcoa's innovation strengths in our value-add businesses and proven cost management systems in our commodity business. We are focusing our value-add businesses on multiple growth markets like aerospace and automotive. We are structuring our commodity business for continued profitability during the cyclical swings in the price of aluminum, profiting more when prices are high and remaining competitive when prices are low. Our transformation strategy, both its current impact and its future growth potential, has greatly improved our operating performance. As a result, 2014 was another solid year of Alcoa business performance and transformation progress that delivered significant returns to our shareholders. Our stock price increased by 49% over the course of the year, compared to 5% for the S&P 500® Materials Index and 8% for the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). On a three-year basis, Alcoa outperformed the S&P 500® Materials Index and DJIA by 38 and 37 percentage points, respectively. Our sustained performance stems from Alcoa's innovation strengths and our partnerships with our customers to create new applications that are transforming entire industries and expanding Alcoa's market share. As our high employee-engagement scores attest, we have unleashed the innovative energies of Alcoans. Another year of strong financial performance reinforces confidence in Alcoa's ability to consistently deliver on our commitments and provide the means to make investments critical to Alcoa's future growth. In the aerospace sector, we completed the acquisition of Firth Rixson and in the first quarter of 2015 closed on the purchase of TITAL, which together will double Alcoa's content on key newgeneration jet engine programs. These acquisitions will provide Alcoa with leading-edge technologies, strengthen our titanium and nickel metals capabilities and expand our footprint in Europe and China. We are creating a leading portfolio position across all major components of a jet engine on the most attractive and highest growth engine platforms. Combined with our innovation advances in aircraft structures, particularly in our breakthrough aluminum-lithium extrusions and electromagnetic energy management fastening systems technologies, Alcoa will be a driving force in advancing next-generation aircraft. Because our customers recognize that Alcoa's innovations play a vital role in new aircraft fleets by improving fuel efficiency by 20%, reducing engine fuel burn by 15% and decreasing maintenance costs by 30%, they depend on us to help them shape the future of the aerospace industry. In the automotive sector, we have built on Alcoa's A951 bonding process, the breakthrough that enables the automotive industry to shift to aluminum intensive vehicles. The first high-volume model to make that shift is Ford's F-150 pickup, the highest selling vehicle in the United States. By replacing its steel body with military-grade aluminum, Ford reduced the weight of the new F-150 by more than 700 pounds and offers its customers significant fuel economies, heavier payload, improved handling and greater ruggedness. As other automotive manufacturers transition to aluminum, we forecast that Alcoa's 2013 auto sheet revenues of $229 million prior to the shift, will triple by 2015 and then double to $1.3 billion by 2018. To provide us the technologies and capacity to begin capturing that explosive growth, we launched an expansion and modernization of our rolling mills in Iowa and Tennessee. Most importantly, we also announced new advanced aluminum alloys that combine higher strength with lower weight and improved formability, while showing automotive grade surface quality. These material characteristics are what every vehicle designer dreams of, but so far never had, and will be made possible by Alcoa's truly revolutionary MicromillTM production technology. Automotive manufacturers also have responded favorably to the fact that the Micromill will reduce the time to produce aluminum coil from molten metal to 20 minutes from 20 days. Alcoa innovation is driving profitable growth across multiple business areas. We launched a new portfolio of foundry alloys to support the automotive industry's relentless pursuit of lighter, more efficient power trains and suspension components. We invented a four-layer brazing sheet for automotive, residential and commercial condensers and evaporators that are undergoing an exciting transition from copper to aluminum. The aerospace industry's first aluminum fan blade forging that Alcoa developed for Pratt & Whitney's jet engines that use its Geared TurbofanTM technology recently qualified for Airbus' new A320neo. In the commercial transportation sector, our latest aluminum wheel model, the Ultra ONETM with MagnaForceTM alloy, is 47% lighter than a steel wheel,

2

enabling truck drivers to increase their fuel savings and payloads. For our U.S. military customers, we produced the world's largest aluminum forging for the armored undercarriage of troop transport vehicles, an innovation that will save countless soldiers' lives. The increased thermal performance and superior blast resistance of Alcoa's windows and framing systems for the facades of nonresidential buildings have become an indispensable part of the green building phenomenon to improve energy efficiency by 25%. Aluminum bottles and aseptic foil are breathing new life into our packaging business. In each of those markets, our technologies are enabling our customers--and therefore Alcoa--to gain market share. We also took decisive actions in 2014 to improve the profitability of our commodity business. We reduced the capacity of our smelting business by 549 thousand metric tons through divestitures, closures and curtailments of high-cost assets. Construction of the Ma'adenAlcoa integrated aluminum complex in Saudi Arabia neared completion in 2014, under budget and ahead of schedule. The combination of the highly profitable Saudi complex, the reduction of high-cost facilities and significant productivity improvements in our remaining upstream operations are expected to enable us to achieve our 2016 targets of reaching the 21st and 38th percentiles on the respective alumina refining and aluminum smelting cost curves. In 2014, we made significant progress in exerting greater control of our commodity business. Since introducing the Alumina Price Index (API) in 2010 to sell our smelter-grade alumina at prices that represent alumina market fundamentals rather than being linked to the volatile aluminum price on the London Metal Exchange, we have been steadily increasing our API/spot sales. In 2014, 68% of total third-party smelter-grade alumina sales were based on API/spot market pricing, up from 55% in 2013. In our aluminum business, we have been offering differentiated, value-add products that are cast in forms customized for the needs of customers. Value-add products represented 65% of total shipments from our smelters in 2014, up from 60% in 2013. The success of all our businesses depends on five levers that we call the Alcoa Advantage. As in the previous three years, we generated more than $1 billion of year-over-year productivity savings. Half of that came from our Procurement Advantage, leveraging more than $18 billion in buying power and streamlining our supplier base. When we strengthened our Operating System Advantage with an idea generation tool, more than 55% of Alcoans in plants and locations around the world took responsibility for suggesting and following through on new projects that are generating additional cost savings, working capital improvements and growth opportunities. A major reason for greater employee involvement and productivity is our Talent Advantage that enables

us to attract, develop and motivate outstanding talent, resulting in a 57% increase in our employee engagement scores in the past eight years. Each year, we also measure the effectiveness of our Customer Advantage through an industry-wide program called Net Promoter Score (NPS); in 2014, we exceeded the industrial Best-in-Class NPS rating by more than four points. Our Technology Advantage enables our businesses to work with our Alcoa Technical Center to develop the many innovations we describe in this report. During my visits to Alcoa facilities around the world in 2014, it has been gratifying to see the Alcoa Advantage in action. To single out just one of hundreds of examples, during a visit with the CEO of a major aerospace customer of our power and propulsion business in Whitehall, Michigan, one of our newly-hired engineers, Peter Takunjo, demonstrated an acoustic emissions technology that he developed to detect cracks in ceramic cores early on. As those cracks were previously only discovered during final testing at the end of the manufacturing cycle, the new technology dramatically cut costs in our manufacturing process and improved on-time delivery to our customers. Peter's recruitment and development at Alcoa, and his opportunity as a newly-hired engineer to work on one of Alcoa's most sophisticated products for a key customer, is a classic example of the Alcoa Advantage working together in a way that no competitor can match. In addition to the Alcoa Advantage, our businesses benefit from a set of Alcoa Values that have endured the test of time--Integrity; Respect; Environment, Health and Safety; Innovation; and Excellence. Serving as our Company's North Star, Alcoa's Values guided the generations of Alcoans who came before us. Those same Values are attracting the best and brightest of today's generation to Alcoa and inspiring them to help transform Alcoa for future generations. Thanks to our acceleration of that transformation during 2014, the path to Alcoa's future is much clearer and our leaders have far greater control in shaping that future than ever before. We are pleased to see that you, our shareholders, have confidence in our transformation strategy and have benefitted from another solid year of Alcoa business performance and shareholder returns. You have my commitment, as well as that of Alcoa's directors and management, that we will build on the successes of 2014 for many years to come.

Klaus Kleinfeld Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

3

