Fellow Shareowners
 In 2007, Alcoans delivered the second consecutive year of record revenues, income from operations, and cash from operations.
We delivered these record results as we continued to invest for the future growth of our Company. And we
did all of this as we continued to live our Values.
In short – through our philosophy of delivering financial, environmental, and social benefits to our stakehold- ers around the world – Alcoans are Focused on Sustainable Growth. And in 2007, Alcoans delivered yet again, while laying additional groundwork to benefit the Company for decades to come.
Key Financial Highlights for 2007 Include:
• Revenues at an all-time record of $30.7 billion;
• Income from continuing operations an all-time high of $2.6 billion,
or $2.95 per diluted share, a
19 percent increase from 2006;
• Cash from operations an all-time Company record of $3.1 billion, 21 percent higher than 2006;
• Return on capital at 12.7 percent including investments in growth projects; excluding growth projects, ROC stands at 16.1 percent;
• Debt-to-capital ratio stands at 30.2 percent, lower than a year ago despite substantial share repurchases; and
• A 13 percent increase in our dividend in 2007.
Alain Belda, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (right) with Klaus Kleinfeld, President and Chief Operating Officer
Along with our many accomplish- ments, we also faced numerous challenges. For example, input costs were significantly higher during the year. In the industry, caustic was
up 11 percent, fuel oil 17 percent, ocean freight 30 percent, and carbon 13 percent.
In addition, the U.S. Dollar weakened between 6 to 12 percent against currencies we operate in across the world, such as the Australian and Canadian Dollars, the Euro and
the Real.
We also experienced outages at oper- ations in Guinea, Jamaica, Rockdale, and Tennessee – all of which are now either fully recovered or improving. In total, outages had a $132 million net negative impact on earnings. These types of things, including start-up and installation delays and inflationary construction costs, happen, and it is up to us, as stewards
of the assets of the Company, to overcome them and deliver.
Alcoans did just that again in 2007. Our Total Shareholder Return
(TSR – stock appreciation plus divi- dends reinvested) was 24 percent
in 2007, far outperforming the
Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500. While this was good, we are far from satisfied, which
is why we took actions to address our portfolio, invest in capital projects around the world, continue to build bonds with our customers, and develop technologies that will deliver customer benefits – and cash – to
the bottom line.
Investing for the Future
In 2007, we continued
to execute on the largest
capital investment
program in our history.
We invested in new plants, expanded production at others, modernized operations, renegotiated long-term power agreements, and built new energy facilities to extend our energy access at competitive rates...
while also continuing to invest in growth markets such as Brazil, China, and Russia.
For example, we completed two major growth projects in 2007: the AlcoaFjar aálsmelterinIceland and the Mosjøen anode plant in Norway. Both of these projects will deliver low-cost, environmentally friendly benefits to Alcoa for years – actually decades – to come.
AlcoaFjar aál,inIcelandicitmeans “aluminum of the fjords,” is the
first greenfield smelter for Alcoa in
   1

20 years. It will be the most environ- mentally friendly smelter in the
world and is hydropowered by glacial runoff. The Mosjøen anode plant in Norway will produce anodes for Alcoa Fjar aálaswellasforajointlyheld smelter with Elkem in Norway.
Our investments for growth included both upstream and downstream projects around the world. Examples include our investment in the Serra do Facão hydroelectric project in Brazil, the opening of our third flat- rolled products facility in China, progress we have made on the Juruti project, the opening of an anode plant in Norway, our first new smelter in 20 years in Iceland, our continued expansion of the Bohai rolling mill
in China, and our work rebuilding and upgrading our Russian plants. Looking ahead, we are exploring plans for a second smelter in Iceland and are working with the government of Greenland to explore the possibil- ity of constructing a smelter there,
in addition to other growth projects.
We added a new lithographic line
at Warrick and reached new renew- able power contracts in Massena and Wenatchee that help secure the futures for those plants and commu- nities, and we are working on similar efforts across the globe. In fact, early in the first quarter of 2008, we reached an agreement with the government of Quebec to repower our three smelters in the province through 2040. This is important in that it is better for all stakeholders that we extend the life of these operations versus simply building new facilities. We must do both
to keep up with growing demand.
We also made significant investments in our Tennessee Operations, with capital improvement projects totaling more than $100 million for both the smelting and fabricating areas, and webrokegroundona$22million project that will increase our recy- cling capacity by nearly 50 percent. Also in the U.S., we continued to upgrade our power generating in Warrick to supply our smelter and fabricating facilities.
Return on Capital
percent * †
20 16 12
8 4 0
To fund those investments, we delivered a record performance in cash from operations of more than $3.1 billion, compared with $2.6 bil- lion in 2006, helping to keep the Company’sdebt-to-capitalratiowithin our targeted range at 30.2 percent.
Our strong balance sheet allowed us to take additional action to improve returns for shareholders. During
the year we increased our dividend by 13 percent. In addition, the Board authorized, and later in the year increased that authorization, a share repurchase program, for a total share repurchase authority of up to 25 per- cent of the Company’s outstanding shares. Through the end of 2007, we had repurchased approximately
68 million shares, or 8 percent of the 25 percent under that authorization.
Managing Our Portfolio
In 2007, we made major progress on our plan
to manage our portfolio in order to maximize returns for shareholders.
The first action in 2007 involved completion of our joint venture
with SAPA, combining soft alloy extrusion businesses into a company in which we hold a more than
40 percent stake.
In the third quarter, we announced that we sold our automotive castings business, which did not fit with our other core automotive businesses. And, at the end of the year, we reached agreement with Rank Group to sell our packaging and consumer businesses – including closures, food packaging, Reynolds Wrap®, and
        2
03 04 05 06 07
Bloomberg Methodology calculates ROC based on the trailing four quarters. * Adjusted for Growth Projects
† Reconciliation on page 80
In total, our capital investments were approximately $3.16 billion
in 2007 (excluding currency impacts) with nearly 60 percent,
or $1.7 billion, dedicated to growth projects. These investments are delivering today and tomorrow.
One important measure in a capital- intense industry such as ours is Return on Capital (ROC). Alcoa’s trailing 12-month ROC was 16.1 percent, excluding investments
in growth projects. Including those investments in growth, our ROC stands at 12.7 percent, well above the cost of capital.

flexible packaging – for $2.7 billion in cash. This transaction should
be completed early in 2008.
In total, the divestiture of these businesses frees up resources – both financial and human – to invest in core aspects of Alcoa – yet another example of our being focused on sustainable growth, while improving our returns. For example, with the exclusion of packaging, soft alloy extrusions, and auto castings, our Company ROC improves from
12.7 percent to 13.5 percent, includ- ing our investments in growth. And EBITDA as a percentage of sales improves from 15.5 percent to
16.7 percent. We did all this while producing cash for sustainable growth investment.
It is important to note that we also monetized our stake in Chalco in 2007. This stake, which we took when Chalco was going through its IPO, served us and Chinalco, Chalco’s parent company, well. But as we said at the time of the sale, the investment had grown where we can now use the investment to fund other growth projects both within and outside of China.
We also said that the transaction did not end the partnership between Alcoa and Chinalco. As I publish this letter, we have teamed with Chinalco to purchase a 12 percent stake in Rio Tinto plc. We have long believed that Rio Tinto has a world- class portfolio of assets and is very well positioned to prosper in the current mining cycle. This invest- ment, made together with Chinalco, allows us to mutually benefit from developments in the sector. We
will continue to monitor the sector developments together with
our partners at Chinalco and take appropriate actions.
In May, following nearly two years
of discussions with Alcan manage- ment, we made an offer to acquire Alcan. Our offer subsequently was topped by Rio Tinto by more than $10 billion. We chose at that time to withdraw our offer and instead refocus our efforts on delivering results, which we have done. Instead of a major, game-changing acquisi- tion, we are pursuing growth the old-fashioned way...we are going out and earning it.
Living Our Values
We continued our strong focus on safety across all of our locations again in 2007. Nearly 50 percent of Alcoa’s 316
While we saw a leveling of perform- ance in safety for Lost Workday (LWD) and a slight rise in the Total Recordable Rate (TRR) from
the previous year, we saw a vast improvement in the reporting of injury-free events – a 150 percent increase – aimed at identifying
and correcting potential causes of injuries before they occur. Our track record on fatalities is sadly not as strong, and this continues to be an area of major focus and concern.
As you will see throughout this report, the Alcoa Business System (ABS), as the cornerstone of our Customer Value, was again at center stage in 2007:
locations worldwide recordable injuries, 38 percent in 2006, 80 percent had zero up from 68 percent.
had zero compared with and more than Lost Workdays,
Committed to Safety
•
•
Zero Recordable Injury Locations
49%
06 07
Zero
Lost Workday Locations
80% 68%
06 07
•
In Ground Transportation, we strengthened or started relation- ships with Shelby Automotive, Lamborghini, General Motors, and Nissan, and also partnered with Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Company, Ltd. to develop a new generation of energy-efficient, environmentally friendly buses in China for the 2008 Olympics.
In Building and Construction, Kawneer opened new offices in Singapore and the United Kingdom to better serve its customers in
36 countries, and advanced its reputation for “green” building while servicing customers across the globe.
Alcoa Defense established itself as the supplier of “stronger,
faster, lighter” products, signing major contracts, including an Alcoa Power and Propulsion 10-year, $360 million contract with Lockheed Martin, to supply advanced, patented 7085 alloy aluminum die forgings for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) program.
         38%
       3

2008 Primary Aluminum Consumption Projected Growth Rates
U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP). I had the honor of address- ing the largest-ever meeting of
world leaders on climate change convened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations in New York
in September, joined by more than 70 heads of state or government.
I am confident that we are moving
in the right direction. And the outside world is recognizing our actions. In 2007, Alcoans were yet again named a Fortune magazine Blue-Ribbon company; for the fourth consecutive year we were named one of the world’s most sustainable companies at the World Economic Forum in Davos; and we again
were named part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.
Decades from now, our children’s children will look back and thank us for taking the tough but vital stances we have.
In doing so we are
doing the right thing...
but also becoming
a partner of choice
for governments and
companies around
the world.
Our leadership in this aspect of sus- tainable growth is a key element of our reputation...which, in essence, is the Alcoa brand.
Looking Ahead
Late in 2007, Klaus Kleinfeld joined us as our new President and Chief Operating Officer. Klaus, who joins us after a successful career at Siemens, is a world-class executive with excellent vision and focus. Klaus knows Alcoa well, having
served as a director since 2003. Together with our Board, I am confi- dent that Klaus brings the enthusiasm and expertise needed to continue
to drive Alcoa forward in the future.
As we enter 2008, market fundamen- tals remain strong. Aluminum consumption continues to grow, especially in BRIC countries. In fact, we expect aluminum consumption
to grow by more than nine percent in 2008...and it is still on track to double by the year 2020. The mar- kets in which we compete globally – such as aerospace, ground trans- portation, defense, and consumer electronics – are well positioned for continued growth of Alcoa solutions.
In 2008, as in years past, our focus will be to continue to deliver for today while also building for the future...while continuing to live all of our Values. We will continue to implement our growth projects around the world, deliver continuous improvement, and serve our growing customer base with solutions that help them serve their customers. And we will renew our focus on exe- cuting our plans in a rigorous and concerted way.
And as we operate, we will do it
in a sustainable and reliable manner. Approximately 107,000 Alcoans look to set new records and focus on sustainable growth for today
and tomorrow.
Alain J. P. Belda
Alcoa Chairman and CEO
March 5, 2008
 World 9.6% 14,900
 0.8% 2.1%
2.5%
8.3%
Projected Consumption (000 MT)
 China North
America Europe
Asia w/o China
India
Middle East
CIS 8.4%
24%
6,750 8,375 5,325 1,300 1,325
525
           L.America w/o Brazil
7.7% 4.0%
 875 Brazil 6.1% 1,100
    • In Aerospace, the A380 – which features more Alcoa technologies than any plane in history – took its first commercial flight. And the Boeing 787 Dreamliner features numerous Alcoa solutions.
Serving our communities – being
a contributor to where we operate – continued to take on a growing and important role. In October alone, during our 2007 Worldwide Month of Service, more than 15,800 employ- ees participated in service projects in 200 communities in 36 countries. That’s an increase of nearly one-third from 2006 and makes a wonderful statement about our commitment to improving the quality of life in Alcoa communities around the world.
We also advanced our sustainability initiatives and further established Alcoa as a major player in the area of climate change, joining with other business leaders from companies such as Caterpillar, GE, and DuPont in a climate call to action via the
4
41,650
Source: Alcoa analysis
  