Fellow Shareholders: For 120 years, Alcoa has led our industry through good times and bad. In 2008, we experienced both ­ the aluminum market soaring to an all-time high in July, followed by the fastest drop in price and customer demand in history. Throughout 2008, Alcoa's actions in addressing that dramatic economic shift demonstrated that we remain our industry's leader. When the economic crisis hit in the late summer, we were prepared. We had just completed a review that established three strategic priorities ­ a three-year plan for profitable growth, leveraging the Alcoa Advantage and rigorous execution. We successfully completed the actions to ensure that 80% of our smelting power will be either self-generated or covered by long-term power contracts at least through 2028. And we completed the divestiture of our consumer packaging business, shaping the portfolio to focus on our core markets. In May, we appointed Klaus Kleinfeld as Alcoa's President and Chief Executive Officer. A proven leader with outstanding international credentials, an existing board member who knows Alcoa well, and a man committed to the values of our great Company, Klaus is the ideal leader to guide Alcoa through this economic crisis and shape a bright future for the Company. His swift and decisive actions during the economic downturn have more than validated the trust we put in him. Our new leader builds on the achievements of our committed Alcoans and the enduring Values that have driven our business success for the past 120 years. Alcoa's Values are more than words. Our leaders walk the talk. Alcoans put them into action every day.

Alain J. P. Belda Chairman March 12, 2009
1


When we say we care about our people, we back it up with one of the most proactive safety programs in the world. In terms of business ethics, Alcoa was recently ranked in the top 10 among more than 500 international companies ­ and first in our industry ­ for our ethical reputation. And for the seventh year in a row, we made the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. A perfect example of our commitment to Alcoa Values is our work to address climate change. In 2000, we committed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 25% from 1990 levels. We've exceeded that goal while also increasing production. In 2008, we eliminated more than one million additional tons of greenhouse gas emissions and we now lead the industry with a 36% reduction in emissions. I personally have been leading Alcoa's work with the U.S. Climate Action Partnership (USCAP). As a founding member of the partnership, Alcoa recently joined with other leading corporate and environmental organizations in launching the Blueprint for Legislative Action, a policy recommendation to the new U.S. President and the Congress. Alcoa has been at the forefront of this effort in all of our worldwide markets both to address a serious global problem and to give businesses greater clarity around long-term investments. This helps our Company and our customers. The environmental benefits of aluminum ­ strong, lightweight and recyclable ­ are a key part of the solution for our planet. We are fortunate to have an experienced Board of Directors to help the Company address these important issues and to provide diversity of thought to our leaders. This year we welcomed three new directors ­ Michael Morris, Stanley O'Neal and Patricia Russo ­ to the Board. Each brings the perspective, knowledge and experience of a chief executive to serve Alcoa shareholders well. Your board and leadership team are taking the necessary steps to manage through this downturn, and strengthen the Company for sustainable performance when the economy recovers. You can be confident that Alcoa's leadership of this great industry will continue for many years into the future.

Alain J. P. Belda Chairman

