Alain Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Alcoa Shareholders

D

espite an extremely challenging business environment, 2001 proved to be the second best year in the company's history in terms

We operated in a deteriorating environment. Demand in our markets weakened as a consequence of the U.S. recession, the European slowdown, and the continued recession in Japan. London Metal Exchange prices for aluminum decreased by 13%, from a closing price of $1,550 a metric ton (mt) on January 2, 2001, to $1,355/mt at closing on December 28, 2001. The price decrease occurred despite a 4% reduction in global output, as reported by the International Aluminium Institute, between December 2000 and December 2001. Power shortages in the U.S. and Brazil reduced Alcoa's own output by 316,000 mtpy, or 7.6% of our total consolidated annual capacity. All of Alcoa's major markets were affected by the economy ­ aerospace, automotive, housing and construction, packaging, and industrial.

of earnings before special charges, and the fourth best year after such charges. As compared with the Dow Jones 30 Industrials, which had a total shareholder return of minus 5.4%, Alcoa's total shareholder return was 7.8%. Net income for the year was $908 million, or $1.05 per share, including special after-tax charges of $355 million, or 41 cents per share, compared with $1.484 billion, or $1.80 per share, in 2000. Excluding the special charges, earnings for 2001 were $1.263 billion, or $1.46 per share. This was a drop of 42% on a post-special items basis and 19% on a pre-special items basis.

1

We did what you have to do in circumstances like these. We contained capital expenditures, paid down debt, controlled expenses, and closed high cost facilities. Several of these actions were started in the second half of year 2000. As a consequence, we will have reduced our workforce by some 10,000, or 8%; permanently closed 18 locations, mostly in Europe and the U.S.; and reduced our costs by $348 million. Our actions blunted the impact of greatly reduced market activity but could not eliminate it. In addition to our ongoing cost controls, in 2001 we completed strategic reviews of our global market positions in primary and fabricated aluminum and addressed the results. Though our restructuring activities had a negative impact on earnings in the second and fourth quarters, they now are contributing to cost savings.

We believe Alcoa is better positioned to do business in the currently depressed economy and to benefit when it rebounds. Meanwhile, we continued to work for long-term shareholder value by investing in research and development, pursuing appropriate energy selfsufficiency, evaluating and making acquisitions, and strengthening our balance sheet. We continued to safeguard our people and to invest in our communities and protection of the environment.

The Growth Challenge
Striving to grow ­ top line and bottom line ­ is a requirement and an ingrained attitude at Alcoa, challenging everyone to do more, better and faster. In a business environment where change is the only

Market Sector Lead Teams
Mar ket s

Anatomy of a market team Alcoa's new Market Sector Lead Team (MSLT) initiative helps develop industry, market segment, channel and specific customer strategies. Each team focuses the design, engineering, production and sales capabilities of key Alcoa businesses to present a single face/multiple solution proposition to each customer. MSLTs are a critical step in a systematic transformation to help our customers ­ and their customers ­ succeed.

ild

an

d

Ind

in

g

ust

Bu

rial

Co

ns

Alcoa Product Lines
tr uc tio n

Wheels Electronics and Wiring Systems

The Customer

Commercial Transportation

Extrusions Sheet and Plate Fasteners

A

os er

pa

ce

Castings
Au t omo tive

2

certainty, we are guided by proven strategies and competencies to nurture organic growth, preserve shareholder value in difficult times, and grow value when the times are right. In 2001, we walked away from several opportunities because they did not, after analysis, meet our criteria for profitable growth. We have consistently demonstrated the ability to choose strategic partners and buy wisely, and to integrate acquisitions to the mutual benefit of Alcoa and the businesses we acquire. We will continue to do so. In addition to a number of relatively small alliances, acquisitions, and divestitures reported in the News section of this report, Alcoa undertook a major growth initiative in 2001. We began a long-term strategic relationship with Chalco (Aluminum Corporation of China) that establishes us strongly in the fastest-growing aluminum market in the world. Our future participation as a 50% partner in Chalco's Pingguo primary aluminum and alumina facility will support our plans for further growth in fabricated products in China. We anticipate future mutually beneficial joint ventures with Chalco.

sale and delivery of various products and services from our geographically and market-diverse businesses to the same customer, anywhere that customer does business, bringing to bear the full advantage of our global capabilities.

Maintaining Our Strengths
The events of 2001, whether tragic, uplifting, or simply part of everyday business, brought me increased appreciation of Alcoa's strength and flexibility as an organization, and of its people in responding to whatever an occasion demands of them. In 2001, the company adopted a new Vision ­ "Alcoa aspires to be the best company in the world." We reaffirmed our commitment to our Values that have guided the company for many years, revising them only to place appropriate emphasis on what we owe to our customers and people. The safety of our people and communities always is our highest priority. Excluding recent acquisitions, Alcoa locations achieved a 2001 Lost Workday (LWD) rate of 0.16, which translates to only one Lost Workday injury

Customers First Setting a World Standard in Safety
Recognizing that our customers' world is changing as much as Alcoa's, as many consolidate and some become global enterprises, we have begun to implement a major shift in the way we manage our relationships with our customers and among our business units. This customerfocused change grows from the Alcoa Business System (ABS) and our recently developed Market Sector Lead Teams (MSLTs). Connecting with our customers through ABS is enabling us to selectively deliver to them just in time and better manage the supply chain. MSLTs provide a simplified, powerful means to coordinate the
87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 U.S. Manufacturing Alcoa (excludes acquisitions made in 2000 and 2001)
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics and Alcoa Real Time Safety Data

lost workday rate per 200,000 work hours 5 4 3 2 1

3

per 1.25 million work hours. We are proud of our record of continuous improvement, but our goal is to become completely accident-free. In 2001, we intensified our efforts to raise safety performance at locations acquired in 2000 to the levels expected at other Alcoa operations, and undertook a company-wide effort to eliminate workplace fatalities. Wherever we operate, Alcoa will strive to reward its shareholders by remaining true to its stated goals ­ profitability, integrity in how we operate, leadership in technology and manufacturing practices, and respect and honesty in all of our relationships.

Recently, the Board welcomed three new directors whose outstanding qualifications and experience strengthen Alcoa now, and will contribute greatly in the future. Kathryn S. Fuller, president of the World Wildlife Fund, brings extensive knowledge and international experience in conservation and environmental law to support Alcoa's commitment to sustainable development. Dr. Ernesto Zedillo, former president of Mexico and an expert on international trade and economics, will help us to move confidently in setting our agenda for global growth. Carlos Ghosn, president and CEO of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and former head of Michelin North America, brings to our Board a keen understanding of the automotive market and an impressive track record in cost-cutting and restructuring to improve corporate performance.

Looking Ahead
Are we satisfied with our performance for you? No. While our 2001 financial results were better than those of most of our competitors in our diverse markets, they did not advance in closing the gap between our performance and our stated objective: standing among the industrial companies in the first quintile of return on capital among Standard and Poor's Industrials in 2003. We still intend to meet that objective. Overall, the near-term business climate will be difficult. Nevertheless, we believe that Alcoans have the will, the resources, and the competencies to control our destiny and meet the key financial goals we have set. In this regard, I invite your attention to the special section in this report entitled Alcoa's Way: Five Defining Strategies.

On behalf of Alcoa and the Board of Directors, thank you for the confidence you demonstrate with your continued trust and investment.

Alain J. P. Belda Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2002

4

