 Fellow Shareowners:
In 2005 we made conscious decisions to grow, restructure and invest in our future while managing our businesses to offset unprecedented cost inflation. In the face of more than $1.2 billion in increased costs, we delivered the highest revenue in our 117-year history and the second-highest profit in the last five years.
Highlights for the full year included:
• Revenue growth of 13% over 2004;
• Income from continuing operations of $1.23 billion;
• Debt-to-capital ratio of 30.8%;
• Mitigation of cost inflation through structural cost savings; and • Continued execution of our aggressive growth strategy.
While I was disappointed with our share price performance over the year, we continued to outperform direct competitors on Return on Capital (ROC) and cash flow generation while building for the future and delivering for today. I am convinced we are taking the right actions for today and tomorrow for shareowners, and that this will be proven by the long-term sustainability of our company and higher shareowner returns.
Earning ROC in excess of the cost of capital is a require- ment ... and our goals are higher than this. Excluding new growth investments, the company’s ROC for the year was 9.5%, our third consecutive year of improving ROC. Including those investments, the company’s ROC stood at 8.3%.
Alain Belda, Chairman
and
Chief Executive Officer
 Return on Capital percent 10
Alcoa ROC* †
growth and, by 2020, will consume as much aluminum as the entire world does today.
In addition to the need for more pure aluminum, demand for additional airplanes, trucks, buildings, automobiles and packaging remains strong. Those markets should follow similar growth cycles ... and use a great deal of aluminum.
From a primary metals point of view, meeting this demand surge will require nearly 80 new smelters of 400,000 metric tons (mt) – even if all of today’s capacity stays on-line. That means adding five smelters each year, or 2 million mt annually, and adding 4 million mt of refining capacity across the industry and 8 million mt of bauxite. That is three times the rate of growth of the last 20 years!
Our growth strategy is the most aggressive in the industry, and it builds on our proven competencies and technology. Our strategy takes advantage of unique brownfield opportunities; our large project management capabilities and experience in dealing with governments all over the world; unparalleled product, process and market knowledge; and the strength of the Alcoa brand.
In alumina, we are in an unparalleled position to take advan- tage of this historic opportunity by expanding existing operations through low-cost brownfield projects. The refining projects we are working on now will add 6 million mt to our existing base of 14 million mt – a 40% increase – and will lower our overall refining cost per ton by approximately 15%.
In aluminum, we are building upon our existing global system of 26 smelters and leveraging our purchase of strategic raw materi- als, construction costs and best-in-class manufacturing. And as
we do so, our upstream growth projects are being developed to be in the lowest quintile of the cash cost curve of the industry. The smelting projects under way will add more than 700,000 mt a year of base capacity to our 4 million mt of capacity today. And it is
why we are in negotiations or conducting feasibility studies on more growth projects in Trinidad, Ghana, Guinea, China and beyond.
Many of our downstream markets are also expected to be strong, so we are investing in a series of rolling, hard-alloy extrusion and forging facilities, as well as strengthening existing facilities by simplifying flowpaths and improving productivity, flexibility and customer connections. These investments will broaden our global footprint and increase our manufacturing flexibility and productivity, with an eye toward continuing
to produce above cost-of-capital returns.
 8
6
4
2
0
 2002 2003
2004 2005
Bloomberg Methodology calculates ROC based on the trailing 4 quarters * Adjusted for Growth Projects † Reconciliation on page 67.
Cash generation and balance sheet leverage limits are also key goals. These permit us to invest in the competitiveness of our exist- ing assets, and build and acquire new ones. For the year, we gener- ated cash from operations of $1.7 billion, which helped us fund major growth projects, strengthen our pension plan and keep our debt-to-capital ratio well within our targeted range – 30.8% at year’s end. This is important as it permits us to make long-term plans and weather the cycles in our industry. Capital spending was $2.1 billion, of which $1.3 billion was devoted to growth projects.
The Future Is Bright
The aluminum industry is at a unique point in history ... along with most of our markets. Because of evolving demographics around the world, consumption of aluminum products, both upstream and downstream, is expected to double by the year 2020 – 14 years from now.
This consumption boom will be driven primarily by growth in China, India, Russia and Brazil, whose demographics are accelerating development. Asia alone will account for 60% of the
9.5%
1

 World Aluminum Consumption to Double by 2020
businesses and procurement globally; and invested in low-cost operations in Russia and China. These actions negatively impacted results by almost $350 million, but will provide good returns for us in the future.
Finally, we had some onetime events. Items such as hurricane impacts, a fire at our Dover, NJ, plant, legal and envi- ronmental charges, and lower taxes combined for an unfavorable impact of $10 million. All in all, these resulted in a year where profits were $144 million lower than 2004. Solid results, consid- ering the challenge.
2005 and Beyond – Growth and
Portfolio Strategy
Revenues for the year increased 13% to an all-time high of $26.2 billion. Excluding the price effects of the LME, revenues grew nearly $2 billion.
In aerospace, both our Howmet and Alcoa Fasteners busi- nesses experienced strong sales and margin growth during the year, as the aerospace market surged. In airfoils, we have more than 50% of the market and up to 100% proprietary share on the emerging Eclipse, the Joint Strike Fighter, the A380, the F-22 and the 787 platforms. In fasteners, we have the majority position on every one of these programs. Year-over-year, aerospace revenues are up 25%, driving both our flat-rolled products and hard-alloy extrusion businesses to better returns.
In packaging, the closures business grew volume by 6% and overall revenue by 11%.
To improve our returns and cash flow and to better focus the company, we completed the sales of Elkem, Integris Metals, Southern Graphic Systems, AFL Telecommunications and our railroads. These sales generated cash that is being deployed on higher-margin growth projects around the world. In 2006 we will continue to review our portfolio and make adjustments, as there are still areas that are performing below cost of capital. We are dealing aggressively with these, and we will either turn them around or we will exit them.
Areas of investment included expansions in refining in Suriname; Pinjarra, Australia; Alumar in Brazil supported by the Juruti bauxite mine; Jamaica; and an MOU in Guinea. We invested in energy and hydroelectric projects in the U.S. and Latin America to increase our self-sufficiency. We continued work on smelting expansions and upgrades in Iceland, Brazil, Ghana and Spain, and an anode plant in Mosjøen, Norway. And our rolling and downstream expansions included Russia; Bohai and Shanghai, China; Hungary; and our aerospace sheet and plate facilities across the globe. All of these – and more – are about investing in our highest-return businesses in order to capture global growth opportunities.
Sustainability and Living Our Values
On the safety front, Alcoans improved on what is already benchmark performance. We ended 2005 with a Lost Workday Rate equal to 2004’s excellent performance, one of the lowest, if not the lowest, rates of any industrial company in the world. More than 80% of our 428 locations did not experience a lost workday in 2005.
M tons
2020 estimated consumption
Increase v. 2005
 2005 estimated consumption
M tons
1.7 +0.6 5.0 +1.9 +4.1
+4.4
+18.5
       10.8
 11.6
 31.6
Latin America
Eastern Europe, 1.1
  CIS & Other * Western Europe
North America Asia
3.1
   6.7
 7.2
 13.1
* Includes Africa and the Middle East
Source: McKinsey
Our investments in Russia and China are key to capturing growth in Asia and Eastern Europe, and they provide us with low-cost global platforms. With these plants, we will add 500,000 mt in capacity ... at a much lower capital cost per ton of output than new assets. By 2009, more than 40% of our production will originate from low-cost countries.
In other segments – packaging, fasteners, investment castings, wire harness and electronic components – we are actively following customers, leveraging our brand and innovating with new prod- ucts and applications.
It is these types of opportunities – investing where we create value: focused on customers, markets, applications and technology we know well; and in competitive geographies – that tell me the future is bright for Alcoa.
2005 Results
Last year I said 2005 would be a challenging year as we anticipated significant energy and raw material input cost inflation. In fact, actual inflation was even higher than we anticipated. Compared with 2004, we saw more than $1.2 billion in higher expenses for raw materials, energy, currency and other input costs.
Alcoans are always up for a challenge, and in the face of this steep inflation, we took aggressive action, made structural changes to key businesses, and launched targeted initiatives to improve efficiency and to cut costs.
We passed through most of our resin and alloy raw material cost increases, raised prices where possible, shifted our mix toward higher-value products and increased sales volumes to capture further productivity efficiencies. These actions, coupled with LME price increases, enabled us to more than offset cost inflation and improve the bottom line by more than $200 million.
However, during the year we also made some difficult decisions around investing for the future. We restructured several businesses; sold nonstrategic assets; upgraded IT systems; realigned
2
60.6
 31.6

Our total recordable injury rate for the year was 1.37, with 400 fewer injuries than the previous year – a 19% improvement. Nearly half our facilities had no recordable injuries. The one disappointment in overall safety was with fatalities. In 2005 we experienced six fatalities among Alcoans (two) and contractors (four). That is unacceptable, and we will redouble our safety efforts.
We made step-change improvement in environmental noncompliance incidents, reducing the number of incidents by two-thirds in 2005. We continued to improve our audit scores, showing we are operating with world-class control systems, managing and anticipating impacts on the environment.
Other highlights for 2005 include:
• Once again being named one of the Most Sustainable
Corporations during the World Economic Forum in Davos,
Switzerland;
• Being named one of the Top Green Companies by BusinessWeek
magazine and the Climate Group for GHG reductions;
• Continued higher levels of participation in employee engagement
activities with a 30% increase in the number of Alcoans who volunteered their time to serve their communities.
We are combining our industry-leading expertise with mar- ket understanding to serve our customers with the solutions they need. This includes new products, new technologies and expan- sions to adjacent markets.
Innovation drove growth across our business in 2005. We introduced hurricane-resistant panels for the building products market, using proprietary Alcoa technology for a growing market. A new Defense Market Sector Team was formed to capture opportunities for Alcoa solutions in the defense industry.
Demand for aluminum bottles gained additional traction this year. Our can sheet business successfully negotiated its first long-term supply agreement for sheet used in aluminum bottles. We began to expand Dura-Bright® technology to other commer- cial vehicle and automotive applications. And we continued to invest in several projects that have long-term potential for break- through productivity.
2006
Demand for aluminum is high. Inflation will continue, but not nearly as sharply as in 2005. And we are continuously improving operational performance and driving innovation every day.
At the same time, our industry needs to change fundamen- tally and quickly ... for defensive reasons such as energy prices, logistical costs, and legacy issues, but also for offensive reasons of going where markets are growing and where the customers and opportunities are. There is no choice. If we don’t seize these global opportunities, someone else will; it is just a question of time.
We have prepared well for this the last few years. We have a diverse group of management with international experience and perspective, and we have grown our size so that we can absorb risks and minimize any potential downside. We have a base that permits us to leverage the whole for each individual business, almost anywhere in the world.
As we move forward on our long-term goals, success will continue to be measured by progress against the priorities of: Sustainability and Living Our Values; Operational Excellence; Innovation and New Products; Portfolio Management; and Profitable Growth. We believe these will give us the cash to invest where we get the most for our shareowners and will result in continued market share growth.
I want to thank each of the 129,000 Alcoans across the world who are working to make our company stronger today and for tomorrow. We are working tirelessly to pursue profitable growth to take advantage of a unique period in our history. We are focused on generating above cost-of-capital returns and year-over-year EPS growth, and maximizing total shareowner returns.
Alcoans are always up for a challenge. We invite you to participate in our success.
Alain J. P. Belda
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 17, 2006
 Zero Incident Locations Lost Workdays
Total Recordable Rate
190
238
No TRR TRR
  # of locations
400 300 200 100
0
351
 82%
 18%
 44%
 56%
      77
   No LWD LWD
  428 Locations
Operational Excellence
Through deployment of the Alcoa Business System (ABS), many businesses improved their operational performance.
We had record production on the 220" hot mill in Davenport and we improved output at critical plants in Lancaster, Yennora, Swansea and Amorebieta by eliminating bottlenecks. New annual production rates were set in six of our nine alumina refineries in 2005, and capacity grew by 2%. And Latin America Flat-Rolled Products improved its performance in 2005 by 35% by applying ABS tools like daily management and TPM, freeing up untapped capacity.
This is a key strategy for us. We have launched a new ABS self-assessment system as an additional tool for all locations to use to drive more consistent progress. Making our equipment operate at optimal levels – with minimal investment – to support growth is our highest-return opportunity.
Innovation
In addition to growing through ABS and expansion, we are leveraging another key point of differentiation for Alcoa – our superior technology capabilities.
129,000 Employees
 3
