LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
In the full two years that Alcoa Corporation has operated as an independent, publicly- traded company, we have consistently emphasized the importance of solidifying our Company’s foundation to ensure a long and bright future through all market cycles. Our three strategic priorities to reduce complexity, drive returns, and strengthen the balance sheet, and our corporate values to Act with Integrity, Operate with Excellence, and Care for People, have served as guiding principles for all our actions.
In 2018, we significantly improved our safety performance and closed the year without any workplace fatalities. But the year was not without its safety challenges, as three serious injuries occurred in our locations, demonstrating we have more work to do.
To drive safety improvement further, we introduced a five-year plan that includes a robust audit program and refreshed safety standards. Safety remains a top priority for Alcoa and our aim is to continuously strengthen our systems and culture to prevent workplace injuries.
We also continued to demonstrate that our strategic priorities are creating a stronger foundation for Alcoa. Despite market volatility, in 2018, we generated $3.1 billion in adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization)
excluding special items, began to return cash to our stockholders through a stock repurchase authorization, and addressed legacy liabilities.
Since strong, stable operations are key to Alcoa’s future, we initiated organizational changes to support reliability at our facilities, which are at the heart of our Company. To reinforce this operator- centric approach, our business unit presidents now report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Also, a global manufacturing resource is being developed to support world-class manufacturing practices by promoting reliability excellence, best practices, robust training programs, and research and development.
As we act to improve operational performance, each of our businesses reported noteworthy achievements last year.
02
 
In Bauxite, our mines at Huntly in Western
Australia and Juruti in Brazil set annual production records, driven by our growing third-party business. Our Alumina business unit availed itself of favorable alumina prices and earned $2.4 billion in adjusted EBITDA. In Aluminum, we completed the restart
of three potlines at our previously closed Warrick smelter in the United States to enable us to meet production volumes for can sheet in our rolling business. And with an eye on the industry’s
future, we launched ELYSISTM, a joint venture
that endeavors to commercialize a research and development process that produces carbon-free aluminum, eliminating direct greenhouse gas emissions.
In early 2019, to address legacy competitive issues, we curtailed the remaining smelting capacity at our Avilés and La Coruña aluminum facilities in Spain. We will consider offers to purchase the facilities and, absent the emergence of a buyer committed to restart the smelters, affected employees will receive severance plans, early retirement benefits, and opportunities to relocate to our San Ciprián, Spain facility; the casthouses at both aluminum plants and La Coruña’s paste plant remain in operation.
Additionally, to increase the long-term sustainability of our operations, we began to take steps to improve labor agreements at our mines and refineries in Western Australia and at one of our smelters in Québec, Canada. Ultimately, efforts that strengthen our businesses also enable us to provide good paying jobs now and for future generations.
Most notable in 2018, however, was the extent to which we strengthened our balance sheet.
By continuing to aggressively address liabilities related to pensions and other postretirement benefits, we reduced these obligations to $2.3 billion in 2018, down 33 percent from $3.5 billion at the end of 2017.
Rating agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s each upgraded Alcoa’s credit rating in May 2018, for the second year in a row, as the Company improved its balance sheet.
Our better financial position also enabled us, for the second time since 2016, to successfully renegotiate our revolving credit facility, giving us greater flexibility to position our Company for the future.
Due to our stronger balance sheet and overall financial position since launching Alcoa Corporation, our Board of Directors authorized a $200 million stock repurchase program—a key component of our capital allocation framework; and in December 2018, the Company repurchased 1.7 million shares of its common stock for $50 million.
As part of our disciplined approach to capital allocation, Alcoa closed the year with $1.1 billion of cash, even as we contributed $300 million to optimize liabilities, invested $92 million in return- seeking capital projects, and spent $307 million in sustaining capital expenditures.
Turning to the Company’s full-year 2018 results, Alcoa earned net income of $227 million, and excluding special items, adjusted net income of $675 million. On an adjusted EBITDA excluding special items basis, Alcoa realized $3.1 billion, up 27 percent from 2017, driven by higher alumina prices, which contributed to overall revenue growth of 15 percent year-on-year, to $13.4 billion.
Alcoa 2018 Annual Report 03
 “In the full two years that Alcoa Corporation has operated as an independent, publicly-traded company, we have consistently emphasized the importance of solidifying our Company’s foundation to ensure a long and bright future through all market cycles.”

In addition, cash from operations and free cash flow were $448 million and $49 million, respectively, both of which reflect $725 million in additional contributions made to U.S. and Canadian defined benefit pension plans.
Though 2018 was a volatile year, driven by global trade and supply disruptions, since our launch as an independent, publicly-traded company in November 2016 through year-end 2018, Alcoa’s Total Stockholder Return was 20.3 percent.
With markets likely to remain dynamic in 2019,
we remain committed to further fortifying Alcoa’s foundation by continuously focusing on our values and strategic priorities. We plan to strengthen operational performance, creep volumes in all our businesses, and resolve labor issues in a way that enhances our operations.
OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
We have extraordinary opportunities ahead of
us to decide the best use of capital, drive returns, and strongly position Alcoa for long-term success while always prioritizing safety.
We are very proud of the 14,000 people who work for Alcoa, the daily passion they bring to our Company, and what we have collectively accomplished over these last two years.
On behalf of all of us at Alcoa, we thank you, our stockholders, for your continued trust and confidence.
04
  Michael G. Morris
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Roy C. Harvey
PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Alcoa Board of Directors has substantial leadership, management, and industrial experience, and expertise in the fields of international business, government and regulation, and environmental, social, and governance matters. This diversity of experience is brought to bear in Board deliberations, where multiple perspectives are considered to develop dynamic solutions to achieve our strategic priorities to reduce complexity, drive returns, and strengthen the balance sheet.
LEFT TO RIGHT:
James A. Hughes,
Suzanne Sitherwood,
Carol L. Roberts,
Ernesto Zedillo,
Mary Anne Citrino,
Steven W. Williams,
Roy C. Harvey,
Michael G. Morris (Chairman), Kathryn S. Fuller,
Timothy P. Flynn,
James E. Nevels, and
James W. Owens.
 