Letter to Stockholders
02
  Alcoa Corporation’s first full year as an independent, publicly-traded company was a success by many measures. However, by the most critical one—safety—we failed. In 2017, three workers at Alcoa facilities, two in Brazil and one in Spain, died from injuries sustained in our operations. That they did not return home safely is deeply painful to the entire Alcoa family.
Because nothing is more valuable than human life, we continued to refine our safety systems and programs, and made further changes in our quest for continuous improvement. In 2017, we welcomed a new Vice President of Environment, Health and Safety to the Executive Team. Additionally, our Board of Directors reinforced the Company’s commitment to safety and corporate values by renaming the former “Public Issues Committee” the “Safety, Sustainability and Public Issues Committee,” and amending the scope
of that committee accordingly. In 2018, we will remain focused on the safety of every employee, contractor, temporary worker and visitor who walks through our doors as our most important priority.
While acknowledging that we need to do better with safety, we also want to recognize the successes we achieved in 2017.
Following the separation from our parent company, we introduced three strategic priorities—reduce complexity, drive returns and strengthen the balance sheet—as the building blocks for a strong and bright Alcoa future. These strategic priorities guided our decisions during the year and, equipped with these priorities,
our employees across the globe eliminated waste, streamlined processes and improved organizational structures. They implemented new ideas, carefully managed costs and assets, addressed legacy liabilities and ultimately drove significant value creation for our stockholders.
Our initiatives to reduce complexity included consolidating our business units to focus on bauxite, alumina and aluminum products, and partially restarting our Warrick smelter in Indiana to gain efficiencies with the rolling mill and power plant at that location. And, of course, Alcoa returned its global headquarters back
to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, demonstrating a commitment to reducing and simplifying our overhead structure.
We drove stockholder returns by initiating and completing returning-seeking capital projects across our three businesses—Bauxite, Alumina and Aluminum. In Bauxite, we grew exports to third-party customers and made third-party sales from all our major mining operations. Alumina continued to realize greater value from our low- cost plants, achieving production records at our three largest refineries. Several successful creep projects in Aluminium also resulted in production records at three of our plants, increasing that business’s capacity for additional profitability. And, we continued to problem-solve and innovate for the future at our world-class technology centers, supporting the smelting operations from the Alcoa Technical Center in New Kensington
 
Pennsylvania, and the refining operations from our Center of Excellence in Western Australia.
To strengthen the balance sheet, we grew our cash balance in 2017 while resolving legacy liabilities in the United States and in Italy.
Our stronger financial position allowed us to successfully renegotiate our revolving credit agreement to gain greater flexibility in executing our capital allocation strategy. Rating agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s each upgraded Alcoa’s credit rating in recognition of the Company’s improving financial profile.
To strengthen the Company for the future, we made the difficult decision to change retirement benefits in North America, which represent
Alcoa’s largest liability. Beginning in 2021, salaried employees in the United States and Canada will stop accruing retirement benefits for future service under our defined benefit pension plans and will instead move to defined contribution retirement savings plans. However, in accordance with
our values, we will honor all vested and current obligations under those plans and will continue to provide competitive benefits for all employees.
Our disciplined focus on our strategic priorities, solid execution by our three businesses and a favorable market environment, produced strong first full-year financial results for Alcoa and positioned us well for whatever the future may bring.
Aluminum and alumina realized prices, which rose 19 percent and 34 percent, respectively, helped to significantly grow Alcoa’s 2017 profits compared to 2016. China’s policy to close illegal capacity and curb production for environmental reasons contributed to this market dynamic.
In 2017, Alcoa earned net income of $217 million and, excluding special items, adjusted net income of $563 million. On an adjusted EBITDA
(earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) excluding special items basis, Alcoa realized $2.35 billion, more than doubling the 2016 result, which included the period before the separation from our former parent company.
Higher aluminum and alumina prices also grew revenue 25 percent year-on-year, to $11.7 billion. Additionally, cash from operations and free cash flow were strong in 2017 at $1.2 billion and $819 million, respectively. While we used some cash to eliminate liabilities, including debt, we still grew our cash balance by more than $500 million over the course of the year and closed 2017 with $1.36 billion on hand.
And Alcoa’s Total Stockholder Return was
92 percent in 2017, more than four times higher than both the Standard & Poor’s 500® Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500® Metals & Mining GICS Level 3 Index.
Now well into 2018, and with strong alignment between our management team and our Board
of Directors, we will continue to use our strategic priorities to build upon the success of our first
full year as Alcoa Corporation—finding new ways
to reduce complexity, generate strong returns, increase cash and reduce liabilities. By continuously striving toward these goals, we will build a resurgent Alcoa that remains resilient through market cycles and rewards our stockholders.
We appreciate the confidence that you, our stockholders, have placed in Alcoa over the past year, and we look forward to continued success in 2018.
Alcoa 2017 Annual Report 03
  Michael G. Morris
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Roy C. Harvey
PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 