 02 ALCOA ANNUAL REPORT 2016 BUILDING ON 128 YEARS: CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
   Chairman’s Letter
On behalf of the Board of Directors, it gives me great pleasure to share with you this first Annual Report for the newly launched Alcoa Corporation.
As a prior independent Director on the board of directors of Alcoa Inc., from which Alcoa Corporation was separated on November 1, 2016, I have a deep history with, and a great affection for, the businesses that became part of Alcoa Corporation. Therefore, it is my
honor to now serve as Chairman of this values-based Company and pioneer of the aluminum industry.
To ensure continuity and retention of valuable information and experience, Alcoa Corporation’s Board includes five members of the former Alcoa Inc. board of directors, who now serve alongside new directors. Our board members have substantial leadership and management experience, deep knowledge of business operations and strategy, and valuable financial, commodities, and investment expertise. Several of our board members have first-hand experience with the issues global companies face, bringing an international perspective and insight into matters related to governments, energy and the environment—all invaluable assets as Alcoa operates as a globally responsible company.
All of our board members are fully engaged and their diversity in experience brings richness to our Board deliberations. And importantly, each board member brings enthusiasm to their role. On behalf of the Alcoa Corporation Board of Directors, we are delighted to begin this journey with you, our stockholders, and the management team and employees, as an independent public company.
We are excited about the structure of this new company, which is incorporated in Delaware and features several governance best practices focused on the interests of our stockholders. For example, in addition to having an independent chairman and a separate chief executive officer, directors are elected annually and stockholders have proxy access to nominate director candidates.
The management team is passionate about the aluminum business, and the Board and I have full confidence in their ability to build upon the history of
operational excellence. They are highly experienced with substantial hands-on industry expertise and a long track record of performance and execution.
During his time at Alcoa Inc. since 2002, Chief Executive Officer Roy Harvey held a number of operational roles in Brazil, Spain and the United States; he also had responsibility for Human Resources and Environment, Health, Safety, and Sustainability before serving as President of the upstream business. Chief Financial Officer William Oplinger started working
for Alcoa Inc. in 2000 and served as Chief Financial Officer and as Chief Operating Officer, responsible
for the daily operations of the company’s upstream assets worldwide, a role now held in Alcoa Corporation by Tómas Sigurdsson, who joined Alcoa Inc. in
2004. Collectively, the senior management team has more than 110 years of experience in the mining, commodities and aluminum industries.
The team leading Alcoa Corporation has successfully steered through some of the most difficult market environments in the aluminum industry’s recent
history. Over the past few years, they executed a comprehensive strategy to strengthen the portfolio
and secure the Company’s position as a low-cost industry leader across the aluminum value chain. Alcoa Corporation is now a cost-competitive, large-scale industry leader in bauxite, alumina and aluminum products with excellent prospects for the future. With
a strong tradition of product and process innovation, the management team will build upon the progress that fortified its operations. The priorities are to reduce complexity, drive returns to create value for our stockholders, and strengthen the balance sheet.
As Alcoa Corporation continues its story as a new publicly-traded company with a deep history, the Board and I will provide oversight and support the management team with an eye on managing risk and rewarding performance. And, as board members who are also stockholders, know that our interests and aspirations for the future success of Alcoa Corporation are also aligned with yours as Company stockholders.
Thank you for your interest and investment in
Alcoa Corporation. I now invite you to read Roy’s letter and review Alcoa Corporation’s inaugural 2016 Annual Report.
Michael G. Morris
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
  
 03 ALCOA ANNUAL REPORT 2016 BUILDING ON 128 YEARS: CEO’S LETTER
   CEO’s Letter
On November 1, 2016, Alcoa Corporation, a leader in bauxite, alumina and aluminum products, launched as a new, publicly-traded company. Yet Alcoa also has the benefit of a 128-year history dating back to its roots as the founder of the aluminum industry. Few management teams, if any, have ever had the privilege
of leading a new company with such a rich heritage of innovation and operational excellence. That solid foundation, combined with
Recognizing that we have more to achieve, we entered 2017 focused on three strategic priorities: reducing complexity, driving returns for stockholders, and strengthening the balance sheet.
To reduce complexity, we are simplifying our processes and structure to make Alcoa more agile and lower-cost. For example, we recently combined our aluminum smelting, casting, and rolling segments into one Aluminum business unit and integrated the majority
of the energy segment assets into it.
To drive returns for our stockholders, we are investing modest capital in high growth projects with strong returns that will help strengthen the balance sheet. Since launching as an independent company, Alcoa has increased its cash position by $198 million and closed 2016 with a cash balance of $853 million. Further, we will maintain cash optionality, carefully weighing how best to deploy cash and allocate capital.
But both our past achievements and plans for the future would be meaningless if we succeeded without adhering to our strong values. Long an underpinning
at Alcoa Inc., our values enable us to operate the right way. As we launched Alcoa Corporation, and in the spirit of reducing complexity, we distilled our values down to three simple principles: Act with Integrity, Operate with Excellence, and Care for People. These values resonate with our employees, guide the way we conduct business and interact with customers. They pay tribute to the culture of integrity, safety and respect that we inherited from our former parent company.
My leadership team and I are excited about the prospects for the future. We are passionate about our businesses and the markets we serve. We look forward to the challenges and opportunities that await us this year and beyond.
As an Alcoa Corporation Director and stockholder,
I also share our Chairman’s sentiment—that our interests, and those of our management team, are aligned with the interests of each of our stockholders for continued success.
It is an honor to lead and to carry such a rich heritage forward into a brand new company. I thank our employees, our Board of Directors and especially you, our stockholders, for your support.
Roy C. Harvey
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 the collective effort of more than 14,000 employees, has enabled us to become a strong standalone company, well-positioned for an exciting and successful future.
Before we separated from our former parent company Alcoa Inc., our businesses faced significant market pressures. Alumina prices were at multi-year lows and aluminum prices remained weak. Confronted with these conditions, and realizing the importance of launching a resilient company that could succeed through market cycles, Alcoans across the globe delivered approximately $290 million in after-tax, net performance improvements in 2016, significantly exceeding our annual goal. We expect to build upon those savings in 2017.
In 2016, in response to market conditions, we permanently closed our Warrick Operations smelter
in Indiana and we curtailed our Point Comfort, Texas refinery. In Suriname, we permanently closed the Suralco refinery and bauxite mines, which had been fully curtailed since November of 2015. These decisions were not taken lightly, but were necessary to improve our portfolio.
During 2016, we also strengthened our company for the future. In bauxite, we grew our third-party exports to 6 million bone dry metric tons (bdmt) of bauxite shipped. In addition, our bauxite business secured its first major export contract out of Western Australia, whose government approved Alcoa’s export of up
to 2.5 million metric tons of bauxite per year for five years to third-party customers.
In the alumina and aluminum segments, we increased cost-efficiencies and improved our positions on the alumina and aluminum global cost curves. Now, our alumina refining and aluminum smelting portfolios are better-situated to both benefit from improving market conditions and withstand downturns.
 