To Alcoa Shareholders
Earnings in 1997 totaled $805 million with revenues of $13.3 billion and a return on equity of 18.1%. It was a good year for Alcoa -- the third best earnings year in our history. The absolute level of earnings is important because that level and the future earnings level anticipated by investors have a direct effect on the market price of our shares. During the first nine months of 1997, the U.S. equity market and Alcoa's share price were on a steady upward course with an anticipation that aluminum prices were going to strengthen. At the high point of the year, Alcoa's shares reached $90, giving us a total market value of $15.3 billion. By contrast, at the beginning of the year our share price was $65 and our total market value was $11 billion. When the so-called "Asian flu" hit in October, our shares were pummeled by the market as analysts decided the world economy was going to be severely punished as a result of financial excesses in the Asian economy and that aluminum prices would fall. By the end of the year, our shares had been driven down to their beginning of the year levels. Since then we have seen a share price recovery to as high as $78 and a market capitalization of $13.1 billion. well. Prepare for the future. Never relax. We are a company on the move. Some long-term shareholders will remember Alcoa's advertising slogan from years gone by -- "We can't wait for Tomorrow." This generation of Alcoans is giving new meaning to the slogan.

Systematic Learning
As I think about the driving force in today's Alcoa, the words that best characterize what's going on here are "systematic accumulation and application of knowledge." I see the evidence that we are truly doing this in many aspects of our activity, but none is more satisfying than the year-by-year improvement in our safety performance. 1997 was another year when we reduced the rate of lost workday cases -- the rate for the year was .40 per 200,000 work hours -- and progress continues. The rate for the last three months was .30. This progress, from a rate of 1.86 in 1987, is the direct result of "systematic accumulation and application of knowledge." We have a real-time, computer-based, safety data system that shares immediately facts about safety incidents -- what happened, what were the circum-

What Counts
I recount this recent history to make a point -- underneath these wild gyrations in the stock market, we are a company that does not change course because of the vagaries of the stock market and the fickle speculators who can move markets and company share prices over the short run. We are committed to profitable growth that comes from serving customers' current and future needs -- better than the competition. While we are not oblivious to the push and pull of external events, we are focused with intensity on what we know are the eternal verities of business success: Serve your customers
2

stances, what corrective action has been taken -- so that we don't have to learn the same lesson over and over again. This kind of learning and sharing system works not just in safety but in everything we do. It is the backbone of our expectations for a successful future.

The Alcoa Business System
In the last two years we have begun to codify our learning process with the creation of what we have designated as the Alcoa Business System (ABS) and

the Alcoa Production System (APS). At heart, these systems are integrative mechanisms for learning, teaching about and operating the business. In recent months we have taken the next step to weave our teaching and learning process into the fabric of our organization with the creation of what we are calling Alcoa University. The University curriculum includes the principles of the ABS and APS and features intensive learning on the factory floor and benchmark visits to other companies.

Knowledge and Growth
We believe successful companies grow, and another example of the idea of "systematic accumulation and application of knowledge" is reflected in the growth of the company. On February 6, 1998 we signed the papers completing the acquisition of Inespal -- the Spanish aluminum company. We began the discussions in 1990 that led to the acquisition of this $1.1 billion company. Knowledge of the industry and perseverance produced this successful outcome. With full integration of Inespal into the Alcoa system, we are confident we will have taken another major step toward making Alcoa the preeminent supplier in the European market. On the other side of the world, our path-breaking agreement with the China National Nonferrous Metals Industry has given us a 30-year contract to supply alumina to the world's largest future market. In turn, this agreement has given us a basis to restart our alumina capacity in St. Croix (the Virgin Islands) and to begin an expansion of our alumina production capacity in Australia. And a host of other expansions and investments are being made to strengthen our cost position and capacity to serve customers -- a hydroelectric project in Brazil, a new forged wheel plant in Hungary, extrusion capacity in Lafayette, Ind., and many more.
Paul H. O'Neill Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Signs of Financial Strength
In an industry such as ours, subject to the ebb and flow of business cycles, we believe it is important to maintain a conservative financial position. Doing so insures that we can maintain our dividend in good times and bad, that we can do financings when we choose -- not when we must -- and that we are always prepared to take advantage of new business opportunities when they come along. This policy approach has served us well. In 1997, our earnings level created a "bonus dividend" of 50 cents per share, which will be paid to shareholders through the course of 1998. Our business activity also supported more than $900 million of reinvestment in property, plant and equipment and a nearly equal amount in repair and maintenance to keep our production capability in first-class condition. In addition, we repurchased more than eight million shares of Alcoa common stock. At year-end our debt to total capital ratio was 20%. We are in great shape financially.
3

Global Warming: Defining the Issues
On the world stage, global climate change moved to the top of the agenda. This issue -- whether or not global warming is taking place --is important to everyone. It has particular relevance to our industry and our company because of our energy intensive nature and the relationship between hydrocarbon sources of energy, particularly coal and oil, and socalled greenhouse gas emissions. We have sought to take a leadership role in defining the issues surrounding this complex problem because we believe economic growth and a sustainable environment are compatible and necessary objectives. We are environmentalists first and industrialists second. We do not accept the proposition that economic growth can only occur with damage to the environment as a necessary cost. At the same time, we want the world political community to deal with this issue from a scientific fact base -- not on the basis of emotional scare tactics. Unfortunately, the scientific understanding of atmospheric change is in its infancy. In our discussions with U.S. government leaders, we have urged a major step-up in scientific research and a disengagement of this issue from the "politics as usual" approach.

"good" politics, but we don't think it is the right answer for responsible citizenship.

Meaningful Steps
If the most extreme proponents of the dangers of global warming are even nearly correct, then timely action to reduce hydrocarbon emissions is essential. Accordingly, we are taking initiatives to study these issues and to reduce hydrocarbon emissions where we can. Through our involvement with the Heinz Center on Science, Economics and the Environment, we are supporting their efforts to become the impartial, nonpolitical source of facts regarding global climate change. As a member of the International Primary Aluminium Institute, we have agreed to chair a committee of members to create a scientifically "bulletproof" life cycle analysis of the industry's products. And, within Alcoa, we have established a process to examine every aspect of our energy utilization to determine where and how we can further reduce energy consumption and atmospheric emissions. These issues will be with us for the foreseeable future. One final thing. As you look at the pictures of people in this year's annual report I hope you will notice what we do when we study them. These people, all Alcoans, have a

Science vs. Politics
It appears there will be more scientific research. On the other hand, the Kyoto climate change conference was more "politics as usual," with developed nations present agreeing to greenhouse gas containment levels that have no scientific basis. If there is a "good" aspect of what came out of the Kyoto conference it is that the agreed emission targets have no near-term practical effect because the targets are set for the end of the next decade. This may be

twinkle in their eyes. They are people from locations around the world. The photographs were taken by many different local photographers and yet -- there is a quality in the faces that says pride, belonging, contributing -- Alcoans. The success we produce is theirs and yours.

Paul H. O'Neill Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 1998

4

