Letter to our STOCKHOLDERS
I am pleased to present to you our 2013 Annual Report. I would like to thank all our Team Members for their hard work and for their commitment to better serve our customers and grow our business during the past year.

In 2013, Advance achieved record sales of $6.5 billion, strong operating income and consistent free cash flow generation. 2013 was also a historic year as the Company took a major strategic step forward through the acquisition of General Parts International, Inc. positioning us for sustainable long-term growth and value creation as the largest parts provider in the automotive aftermarket industry. We closed on the transaction just after our 2013 fiscal year end. In addition to the strategic and financial merits of the acquisition, our confidence and conviction was reinforced by our December 2012
continued

Performance Measures (2)
09 10 11 12 13 $1,595 $1,697 $1,708 $1,664 $1,656 09 10 11 12 13 $142 $168 $184 $176 $177 09 10 11 12 13 15.1% 17.5% 19.5% 19.4% 19.0%

*See next page for footnotes.

Sales per Store (in thousands)

Operating Income per Store (in thousands)

Return on Invested Capital % (3)

Strengthening Our Market Position
acquisition of BWP -- the second largest

PRE-ACQUISITION:
DIY and DIFM (Commercial) Sales Mix (4)

DIFM 40% DIY 60%

operator of owned and independent Carquest stores. As a result of the acquisition and subsequent integration of BWP, we had the opportunity to begin working with General Parts which enabled us to gain valuable insights regarding our potential combined strengths. I

POST-ACQUISITION:
DIY and DIFM (Commercial) Sales Mix (5)

DIFM 57%

DIY 43%

am confident and excited about the opportunity this combination presents for our shareholders and our more than 71,000 Team Members.

*Footnotes
(1) Our earnings per diluted share reported in the referenced chart has been reported on a comparable operating basis to exclude the impact of transaction expenses associated with our acquisition of GPI on January 2, 2014 and integration costs associated with our integration of BWP in fiscal 2013 and store divestiture expenses in fiscal 2009. Refer to "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" on page 20 of our 2013 Form 10-K included in this Annual Report for the corresponding earnings per share results reported on a GAAP basis. Refer to the Management Overview of "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on page 22 of our 2013 10-K and page 21 of our 2010 10-K for further details of the fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2009 items, respectively. (2) Our financial results reported in the referenced performance measures have been reported on a comparable operating basis to exclude the impact of transaction expenses associated with our acquisition of GPI on January 2, 2014 and integration costs associated with our integration of BWP in fiscal 2013 and store divestiture expenses in fiscal 2009. Refer to "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" on page 20 of our 2013 Form 10-K included in this Annual Report for an explanation of the calculation of these metrics, excluding ROIC as defined below, as well as the corresponding financial results reported on a GAAP basis. (3) Return on invested capital (ROIC) is a non-GAAP measure and is defined as net operating profit after taxes divided by average invested capital. Invested capital consists of total assets and liabilities, excluding cash and debt, and estimated capital lease obligation calculated as annualized rent expense for the applicable year times six years. Refer to our fourth quarter 2013 earnings release for further details, including the detailed calculation. (4) As of Fiscal Year 2013. (5) As of Fiscal Year 2013 on a pro forma basis.

Looking back at 2013, our focus and related initiatives were concentrated on execution of our fundamentals aimed at driving our sales growth, improving our customer service and growing our profits. We made significant strides in our overall operations with in-store execution improvements and meaningful steps toward improved efficiency and effectiveness. Specifically, we have been simplifying how we run our stores, driving productivity improvements and investing in our Team Members through comprehensive product and leadership training programs. Overall, we are very proud of the progress we made as we remained focused on execution and the team worked with intensity to improve our customer experience and deliver on our priorities.

1998 Advance Auto Parts buys Western Auto Supply Company/Parts America, which doubles the company's size.

2001 Acquired Discount Auto Parts, Inc., a regional auto parts chain; Advance becomes a publicly traded company.

2001 ­ 2005 Made a number of small acquisitions including Trak Auto Parts, Carport Auto Parts and Lappen Auto Supply.

Our Commercial business saw positive sales gains resulting from national and regional account growth, incremental growth in our e-commerce business and continued positive response to the leading e-services we offer. Delivery speed and reliability continued to improve across the board. We continued driving improvements to our in-market availability and assortment through the

support of 374 HUB stores and the positive impact from our daily delivery capabilities from our Remington, IN distribution center. Together, Advance Auto Parts and Autopart International opened 172 new stores in 2013, a 35 store increase over 2012 openings. The performance of our new stores positions us well for 2014.
continued

2005 Acquired Autopart International, Inc. which continued to operate as a wholly-owned independent subsidiary.

2012 Acquired B.W.P . Distributors, Inc. which expanded into the Northeast, an area identified for strategic growth.

2014 Acquired General Parts International, Inc., which operates under the Carquest and Worldpac brands.

Strategically, our relentless pursuit of growing our Commercial business advances forward through the acquisition by adding 1,248 Carquest company - owned stores, 105 Worldpac branches and servicing approximately 1,400 Carquest independent customers. During 2013, we also made progress on the integration of the 124 acquired BWP stores. The newly combined business will provide a platform for continued growth of our Commercial business and enhance our competitive position in DIY. We will also be able to solidify our market position and increase service levels to a broader and more diverse customer base in the industry. The acquisition increases our reach with immediate coast- to - coast and North American market coverage. It also expands our platform to include the important independent customer channel while building on our commitment to national accounts, large bay garages, heavy-duty, fleet and government programs.
continued

ACQUISITION Q HIGHLIGHTS
Well Positioned To Serve The Fast Growing Import Market
As part of the General Parts transaction, Advance acquired Worldpac, the market leader in wholesale distribution of import parts. Worldpac has 40 years of import experience and together with the AI business, it positions Advance as the largest scale import distributor in the country with approximately $1.3 billion in sales.(6) Together, Worldpac and AI provide the widest range of products, deep industry expertise and leading on-line programs. The import parts market is both large and growing and with a larger import platform, Advance will be better positioned to capitalize on the positive dynamics to drive future growth.

(6) As of third quarter 2013 on a trailing twelve month basis.

"The newly combined business will provide a platform for continued growth of our Commercial business."

The addition of Worldpac combined with our existing Autopart International business solidifies our position as market leader in import parts. The acquisition also advances our capabilities as an industry leader in e - commerce. The robust platform we will possess as a combined company will create an unparalleled commercial

e-commerce engine through the addition of the market leading Worldpac and Carquest B2B platforms and serves as an important source of differentiation in driving sales growth and customer loyalty.

A Leading E-Commerce/E-Services Platform Driving Further Growth

WebLink

Creates Largest Automotive Aftermarket Parts Provider in North America
As we combine the institutional experience and capabilities of Advance including our in-market inventory availability, technology, store portfolio and DIY experience together with General Parts, we will be able to leverage our collective size, scale and capabilities to serve our existing customers better than ever and uniquely position us to acquire new customers.

PRE-ACQUISITION:
4,049 Stores | 39 States | Puerto Rico Virgin Islands | 12 Distribution Centers

We are also very excited by the addition of General Parts' talented and experienced senior management team. The General Parts team brings with them significant commercial industry experience, institutional knowledge and longstanding commercial relationships. With over 130 years of combined company experience, Advance and General Parts have parallel histories of successful growth through acquisitions supported by outstanding Team Members. Culturally, our two companies share complementary operational strengths and values. These cultural synergies and common values are critical elements of success in any acquisition and we are well positioned as we look ahead.

POST-ACQUISITION:
5,297 Company Operated Stores Approximately 1,400 Independents 105 Worldpac Locations 49 States (Including Independents) Canada | Puerto Rico | Virgin Islands 50 Distribution Centers

At Advance Auto Parts, we believe that service extends beyond our doors into the communities
continued

The General Parts acquisition advances our capabilities as an industry leader in e-commerce. Worldpac's speedDIAL and Carquest's WebLink are two of the largest internet-based, commercial focused sites in the industry. Worldpac's exclusive on-line fulfillment ordering system is the most widely used and advanced program in our industry and essential for conducting business with import installers.

we live and operate in. We take pride in our ability to positively impact so many lives and also consider it one of our greatest responsibilities. Just as our operations are driven by our values, so is our commitment to serving our communities and improving the lives of those in need. In 2013, we were privileged to give back over $8 million to partner organizations that align with our four focus areas: Health; Arts, Education and Culture; Serving Military and Civilians in Need; and Disaster Relief.

We look for ward to 2014 with excitement as we continue toward our destination and never ending mission to be the best. We will build on our 2013 progress as we focus on continued sales growth, serving our customers and improving our profits as we leverage the size and scale of the combination to deliver on the compelling financial benefits of the General Parts acquisition.

Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson, Chief Executive Officer

To Be The Best
At Advance Auto Parts our mission is TO BE THE BEST service and parts supplier in our industry by working as ONE TEAM. Being the best means inspiring our team and being

means our shareholders are committed to growing with us. Being the best is more than a mission. It's a statement of confidence and it's achievable with every Team Member moving in the same direction. We will BE THE BEST by working as ONE TEAM driven by common values that will deliver on Our Promise that Service is our best part.

TO BE

TH

our customers' first choice every time because we solve all of their automotive needs. It

T S E EB

N

