It’s indeed a privilege to share ourfirst annual report as a publiccompany with you, our stockholders.We truly believe that “The Best Part IsOur People,” and you will see thatthey have accomplished much onyour behalf this year.

Our team members are on the front linesevery day implementing our formula forsuccess. This consists of the highest level ofcustomer service, a broad selection ofquality parts and products at value prices,conveniently located stores, an efficientsupply chain and leading edge technology.Working together, our team membersserved well over 100 million satisfiedcustomers and produced strong financialresults during 2001.These included:• Growing comparable store sales 6.2percent for the year on top of 4.4percent in 2000.• Generating total sales of more than $2.5 billion, rising 10 percent.• Expanding our operating margins 80basis points for the year, beforeone-time expenses, to 4.9 percentfrom 4.1 percent last year.• Achieving earnings per share of$1.31, before one-time items,compared to $0.58 the prior year,an increase of 125.9 percent.One of the most exciting events for allof us at Advance Auto Parts took place onNovember 29, 2001, when our commonstock began trading on the New York StockExchange. Our Chairman of the Board,Nick Taubman, placed the first trade as wewatched “AAP” cross the ticker tape forthe first time. At the end of that day, themarket value of the company was morethan $1.3 billion.To enhance our already strong positionas the second-largest automotive retailer inthe United States, we completed twoacquisitions in 2001. The largest and moststrategic acquisition was completed onNovember 28, 2001 when we acquired the671-store Discount Auto Parts chain. Thesestores, located in Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, andSouth Carolina, reinforce our existingnetwork of stores in the Southeast. We nowhave the leading market position, based onstore count, in the Southeast, which is one 
of the strongest and fastest growing DIYmarkets in the country.On April 23, 2001 Advance Auto Partsacquired the assets of Carport Auto Parts,Inc., a regional retailer with stores inAlabama and Mississippi. Within threemonths, our team had fully converted the30 Carport stores into Advance Auto Partsstores. From the date of their conversion atthe first of July until the end of the year, thesestores produced a 27 percent increase in sales.We are pleased to welcome theDiscount Auto Parts and Carport AutoParts team members into our family. Asmembers of the same team, we willcontinue to offer our customers the veryhighest levels of service, quality, and value.Our accomplishments for 2001 are justthe beginning. As we move into 2002, theautomotive aftermarket continues to showprolonged strength as more miles are beingdriven, vehicles are getting older and thevehicle population is growing. With thisstrength in our market, we are focused onthree key initiatives: expanding operatingmargins, increasing our return on investedcapital and integrating Discount Auto Parts.The integration of Discount Auto Partsis on track. Our experienced acquisitionteam is executing its proven integrationplan. And the Discount Auto Parts teammembers are fully committed to makingthe transformation a success.The conversion of Discount Auto Partsstores into the Advance Auto Parts storeformatshould be completed by the end offiscal 2002 in markets where we alreadyhave stores. The new Florida markets areexpected to have their inventory, supplychain support and in-store systemsconverted in 2002. These stores will beconverted to the Advance Auto Partsformat beginning in the fourth quarter of2002 and continue market-by-market overthe next 3 years.We are focusing on increasing theprofitability of our stores by taking thefollowing steps:• Producing strong comparablestores sales.• Opening 100 to 125 new stores inexisting markets that meet ourincreased after-tax return oninvestment target.• Continuing to develop and launchexciting merchandising andmarketing initiatives, including thefull roll-out of category management.• Enhancing the efficiency of oursupply chain.• Rolling-out our proprietary stateof-the-art electronic parts catalog toall stores.In summary, 2002 will be a year wherewe will implement initiatives to serve ourcustomers better and focus on increasingoperating margins and return on investedcapital.At this time, we would like to thank allour customers for their business, ourstockholders for your support, and ourteam members who continue to producestrong results.Jim WadePresident and Chief Financial