                                           2
letter to our
STOCKHOLDERS
At Advance Auto Parts, we know our success hinges upon our ability to give Customers industry-leading
service. That is why the title of this year’s annual report is “Customer Care,” reflecting our company’s focus on answering our Customers’ needs, both
now and in the future.
Each day, Customers send us testimonials and thank you letters about their experiences in our stores. We are honored that they take time to let us know we are making progress toward our goal to provide Legendary Service to every Customer, in every store, every day. These compliments motivate us to look for more ways to be “ready in Advance” with the right parts, people and prices.
We have undertaken a number of initiatives at Advance to better serve our Customers. In 2005, we accomplished the following:
Your Executive Team: left to right; Elwyn Murray; Roger Patkin; Dave Mueller; Keith Oreson; Jim Wade; Michael Moore; Paul Klasing; Mike Coppola

                                                       v Brought more locations to our Customers by adding 231 stores, including 19 stores in greater Boston acquired from Lappen Auto Supply and 61 stores through the acquisition of Autopart International, Inc., ending the year with a total of 2,872 stores in 40 states, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
v Introduced many new and innovative products to our Customers, providing significant cost savings to them through our Direct Import program. By partnering with manufacturers to bring innovative and high-quality import products at competitive prices, Advance is fulfilling our goal of being the value leader in the automotive aftermarket.
information. We invite you to visit our enhanced site at www.AdvanceAutoParts.com.
v Completed remodels of all the former Discount Auto Parts stores in Florida as well as an additional 96 stores to our Advance 2010 store format. Our Customers continue to tell us they love these bright, attractively merchandised stores, and we believe the 2010 format gives Advance a significant competitive advantage that clearly differentiates us in our industry with the freshest, youngest store base. At year end, more than 54% of our stores were operating with the 2010 format.
v Implemented Factory Direct Ordering, Local Purchase Ordering and Salvage Body Parts offerings which combined provide availability of more than 1 million additional parts to our Customers. This is in addition to more than 125,000 parts available through our internal logistics network.
v Opened our new distribution center near Allentown, Pennsylvania. This 660,000 square foot facility optimizes our company’s transportation costs and provides more efficient delivery of parts and products to our internal Customers, our stores.
v Expanded services to our Commercial Customers. This year, we added 247 commercial programs to Advance stores and ended the year with a total of 2,192 Advance stores offering commercial delivery.
v Expanded our Consumer Education program which provides our Customers with the information they need for their vehicle repairs. This year, we added informative in-aisle product brochures in our stores, giving Customers detailed information to help them select the right products for their needs. We also re-launched our Consumer Education web site under the banner “Advance Know-How,” adding more multi-media clips and interactive links to a wide variety of do-it-yourself project
While these Customer-focused initiatives helped drive our financial success in the past year, it is Advance’s more than 42,000 Team Members and their commitment to executing these initiatives for our Customers that is the key to our Legendary Service. In return, Advance is committed to building upon our company’s culture and creating a special place for our Team Members to work, as well as for our Customers to shop.
v Continued to fine-tune our category management process, which is no longer an initiative, but part of our daily culture. The primary focus of category management is to provide Customers what they want and need. Category management allows us to use information from both our vendor partners and Customers in order to enhance what we sell, how we sell it, where we sell it and how we price it to best meet our Customers’ needs.
Our focus on training and developing our team has helped us gain ground on our goal to increase our number of
v Introduced our Loaner Tool program. Customers can now come into our stores and borrow an array of different tool kits to help them complete automotive repair jobs. This program helps our Customers get all the tools and parts they need to complete jobs right the first time.
v Achieved our best-ever store in-stock level across our entire chain and improved our in-stock performance at our distribution centers, PDQ® and Master PDQSM warehouses. One way to keep our Customers coming back is to have the parts and products they need in stock in our stores when they need them. Our improved in-stock level is helping us do just that.
Advance’s commitment to provide industry-leading Customer Service is evident in our quest to continuously improve our business.
Advance Auto Parts, Inc. s Annual Report 2005 s 3
—Continued on next page

                                             4
—Continued from page 3
ASE (Automotive Service Excellence)-certified Team Members. Our Customers enjoy the confidence and peace of mind that comes with getting the right advice from these knowledgeable, certified parts specialists.
price of $29 per share. Our strong and stable cash flow also led us to begin paying a quarterly cash dividend in early 2006.
Advance’s commitment to provide industry-leading Customer Service is evident in our quest to continuously improve our business. We believe we have a bright future ahead and look forward to sharing our successes with you.
In addition, we recognize the importance of building diversity in our team as we expand and serve an increasingly diverse Customer base. We actively recruit bilingual Team Members, and with multi-language skills, our team is better able to serve Customers by providing the vital interaction needed to choose parts and products to perform repairs properly.
Our improved financial performance and Customer satisfaction levels are complemented by robust industry dynamics. The automobile continues to be integral to our daily lives and industry data reflects this, showing an increased number of cars, trucks and SUVs on the road today, as well as growth in miles driven per vehicle.
In closing, I would like to extend my gratitude to our Team Members and Customers as well as to you, our Stockholders. To my fellow Team Members, thank you for your commitment to serving our Customers with unparalleled focus and dedication. You are the primary reason our Customers keep coming back. To our Customers, thank you for your loyalty and continued patronage. We will continue to find ways to serve you even better. To our Stockholders, thank you for your interest, support and confidence in Advance Auto Parts. You have my personal commitment to make Advance a special place for our Team Members to work, for our Customers to shop and for you to invest.
We are proud to say all these initiatives and programs, plus our more than 70 years of Customer-focused retailing continue to generate strong results. In 2005, we achieved the following:
Our Customers also are keeping their vehicles longer. The average age of vehicles continues to increase, now reaching a record high of 9.4 years in 2004 versus 8.5 years in 1994. Over 70% of vehicles on the road today have more than 75,000 miles on them.
v Increased our sales by 13.1% to $4.26 billion, comprised of 79% to our Do-It-Yourself Customers and 21% to our Commercial Customers.
What does all this mean for Advance? It means these older vehicles that are out of warranty are in need of frequent maintenance, which increases the total market for auto parts. Owners of these older but still reliable vehicles have a vested interest in maintaining their vehicles for their transportation needs. In 2005, this was particularly apparent with Advance posting very strong sales gains despite record high gas prices.
v Expanded our operating margin to 9.6% of sales from 8.7% last year.
v Raised our earnings per share to $2.13 from $1.66 last year, a 28% increase.
In the coming year, we will continue to drive enhanced Customer Service by opening an anticipated 170 to 180 new stores and remodeling 200 to 225 stores to our 2010 format. We also expect to relocate 50 existing stores to new locations which are more convenient for our Customers.
In addition to self-funding our growth and driving strong finan- cial performance, we returned capital to our Stockholders through our stock repurchase plan. Since mid-2004, Advance has repurchased approximately 8.5 million shares at an average
Michael N. Coppola
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Customer Representative
Advance Auto Parts is committed to being a special place for our team to work and our Customers to shop.
Sincerely,
