2010 Annual Report

Letter to our Stockholders

Darren R. Jackson Chief Executive Officer

On behalf of our 51,000 Advance Auto Parts Team Members, I am honored to present to you our 2010 Annual Report. I would like to thank the Advance Team and acknowledge their contributions in 2010. Their passion for serving our customers led our Company to new levels of success in 2010. This is clearly visible from our record sales and profits to our continued improvement in Team Member engagement and customer satisfaction. In 2010, our team reached many strategic and financial milestones. Our record growth and profitability was driven by our focus on delighting our customers and a relentless pursuit of living and teaching our Advance values.  Inspire and build the self- confidence and success of every Team Member.  Serve our customers better than anyone else -- help them succeed.  Grow the business and profitability with integrity. Our Values have been and continue to be the foundation for how Advance does business.
They are the guiding principles behind every decision we make for our team, our customers and our Company.
-- continued on page 3

2010 Annual Report |

1

Team Members bring service to life.
As a Team Member, it's not always about just doing a job. It's about getting to know your customer. That's why Service Leadership isn't simply a business strategy -- it's our commitment. It's our responsibility to be prepared when our customers are most vulnerable. Whether we're helping a DIYer with their latest project or working with shops to quickly deliver the parts they need, our job is to create a reputation built on trust. We're out there every day, providing solutions and creating lasting relationships with our customers. It's what we're here to do -- save the day.

2

| Advance Auto Parts

Our priorities and initiatives have driven our success over the last three years. Our four strategies -- Commercial Acceleration, DIY Transformation, Availability Excellence and Superior Experience -- have focused our efforts and priorities. We reframed our business to put our customers at the center of everything we do. We set out to understand our customers' pain points and developed tools and redesigned systems to address those pain points, and positioned our team to better serve our customers. Our stockholders benefited from strong growth in our stock price this year. In addition, our Company achieved a full investment grade credit rating after being upgraded by Moody's and Standard and Poor's. These rating upgrades are independent validations that the work we've done to transform Advance is paying off -- both in our eyes and our investors' eyes. Overall, I am very pleased with our strategic and financial accomplishments in 2010, which include:  Expansion of our store portfolio by opening 110 new Advance stores and 38 new Autopart International stores  Expanded our availability through nearly 1,000 storelevel inventory upgrades and by opening two new PDQs and 24 HUBs
-- continued on page 4

2010 Annual Report |

3

 Three consecutive years of double-digit Commercial comparable store sales growth  Positive DIY comparable store sales growth  Industry-leading sales per store of $1.7 million which grew 6.4%  Operating Income per store increased 18% to $168,000  EPS increased 32% on a comparable operating basis  Free cash flow of $466.4 million, an increase of 13.8%  Return on invested capital increased 240 basis points to 17.5%  Team Member engagement scores increased from 75 to 79  Continued increases in our DIY e-commerce platform in all key metrics -- traffic, conversion rates and sales  Connecting with more commercial customers than ever through our new business - to - business site In addition, Team Members, customers and vendor partners raised more than $4.8 million for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), maintaining our status as the #1 worldwide corporate JDRF partner.

-- continued on page 7

4

| Advance Auto Parts

Do what it takes.
We must be able to supply our customers with the parts they need, when they need them. It's about being prepared to achieve respect in the eyes of our customers. From the sales floor to the distribution center, the ability to have virtually any part within our reach is the goal behind our dedication to Superior Availability. Whether it's a DIYer with an emergency repair or a shop with its reputation on the line, we're focused on providing solutions by delivering the right parts to the right place at the right time -- every time.

2010 Annual Report |

5

Engagement in the community.
Our Team Members are dedicated to working together with our customers to strengthen communities. We're privileged to have strong partnerships with community-based organizations and encourage Team Members to participate in events such as walks, golf tournaments, auctions, and other fundraisers. Participation in these events is an important part of our Company culture. As the title sponsor of the Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam, we're able to connect with our customers nationwide and recognize them in meaningful ways. It's our greatest honor to be able to give back to the communities that help make us successful.
TM

6

| Advance Auto Parts

Our progress continues with a culture of a relentless focus on our customers. We are excited about our potential in 2011 as we dramatically raise the bar on customer service. We plan to strengthen our business through our focus on our Team Members and our customers while prioritizing differentiation through service and availability. Differentiation will require going to the next level of effectiveness on several key initiatives that we have previously rolled out, including global sourcing, e- commerce platforms for both DIY and Commercial, customer-driven labor, and commercial customer growth and retention programs. These core capabilities continue to make a difference with customers and to our bottom line. We will further intensify our work around service and availability, while delivering on value propositions that are improving results.

In 2011, we are bringing our brand to life through our customer promise, Service is our best part. Our four strategies will converge and we will focus on two strategies, Service Leadership and Superior Availability. Our goal is not simply to be better than our competitors, but to win with customers by differentiating ourselves.

-- continued on page 8

2010 Annual Report |

7

Superior Availability will be squarely focused on always getting the right parts to the right place at the right time to drive profitable customer relationships. This strategy will compel us to maximize the storage capacity of our stores and warehouses, as well as increase delivery speed to our customers. Most importantly, we'll focus on Service Leadership, which is the "what" behind "how" we serve. This strategy emphasizes our commitment to leading with the right services and the right support at the right time in the right way to drive accelerated productivity. By focusing on service, we will differentiate the Advance experience from our competitors. Looking back over the last three years our team has accomplished many things. I am extraordinarily proud of our team's leadership, the relationships we have built with customers and our financial results. It takes great people to provide great service to our customers. After nearly 80 years in business, this is still fundamental to Advance Auto Parts. As we look forward, we are convinced Service is our best part is the path to leading our industry by winning with the customer. We are looking forward to an exciting year in 2011 and beyond.

Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson Chief Executive Officer

8

| Advance Auto Parts

