2012 Annual Report | 80 years of service

Letter to our Stockholders
Darren R. Jackson President and Chief Executive Officer
On behalf of the 55,000 Advance Auto Parts Team Members, I would like to present to you our 2012 Annual Report. 2012 was a special year for Advance as we celebrated the 80th anniversar y of our company and 80 years of ser ving our customers. We reached several important strategic and operational milestones, which were the direct result of the hard work and dedication of our Team Members. Strategically, we entered the boroughs of New York City through the acquisition of 21 Strauss Autopar t Stores and 6 Steinway Auto Par ts locations. Collectively, we added 137 stores in 2012, which is our largest number of new store additions since 2007. More importantly, our 2012 class of new stores is our best performing class of new stores in recent years and establishes a great platform for us to accelerate our new store openings in the future. At the end of fiscal 2012, our total store count was 3,794, including 218 Autopart International stores. An important strategic accomplishment was the acquisition of BWP Distributors, which we closed at the outset of the new fiscal year on December 31, 2012. This acquisition strengthens our position in the very large and competitive Northeast market and allowed us to gain proven leadership, an outstanding team and access to a first-class customer base. We expect BWP will provide us a significant opportunity to learn and accelerate the growth of our Commercial business. We are excited to welcome BWP, one of the most preeminent commercial players in the industr y, to the Advance organization. Each year, we support many causes locally, regionally and nationally. We take great pride in our ability to positively impact so many lives. It's one of the many ways service is our best part. Although we achieved many significant milestones during the year, our industry and business faced considerable headwinds largely as a result of unseasonably warmer temperatures and lower overall demand for auto parts. This slowdown was reflected in our total sales increase of 0.6% to $6.21 billion compared with revenue of $6.17 billion in 2011. Our diluted earnings per share increased 2.2% to $5.22. We are not satisfied with these results and are committed to improving our results in 2 0 1 3 and beyond. Operationally, we continued to focus on execution of the fundamentals and completing the rollout of key capabilities that will increase our parts availability and grow our business with Commercial customers. These capabilities include the launch of our in-house commercial credit program, the opening of our new daily replenishment distribution center in Remington, Indiana, our new B2B ordering platform and continued hub store expansions. These milestones are significant steps on our journey to compete more effectively in the commercial market. Our focus on improved delivery times, more effective weekend staffing and local product availability positions us well for stronger performance in 2013.

In 2012, we proudly served our communities in four impact areas: 1) Health -- Funded research with organizations like JDRF and American Cancer Society; 2) Arts & Education -- Inspired minds by funding scholarship programs as well as supporting museums and community events; 3) Serving the underserved -- Expanded partnerships with United Way and Building Homes for Heroes; 4) Disaster Relief -- Partnered with the Red Cross, providing disaster preparedness funding.

·  Growing our Commercial business through  improved delivery speed and reliability,  increased customer retention, and growth  of national and regional accounts. ·  Improving our in-market parts availability  through HUB expansions, better tailoring  our product assortment and leveraging our  supply chain infrastructure. ·  Expanding new store openings to

Turning to 2013, we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for our industr y and our business. Our optimism is suppor ted by the fact that we have a significant oppor tunity to continue to grow through our developing capabilities such as our HUB expansions, new stores and new Electronic Par ts Catalog, rolling out later this year. These capabilities will strengthen our ability to compete and grow our commercial market share.

 approximately 170 ­ 190 stores and  integrating BWP. ·  Continuing to improve our operational  excellence and customer satisfaction  in stores through expanded partnership  between our retail and Commercial  teams, scheduling effectiveness,  improving on-hand accuracy and training. Finally, I would like to thank our team for their

We have shared with our team one simple objective for the year -- a Company of One -- Focused on Fundamentals. The expected outcome is to deliver on our goals and objectives in terms of our customer experience, sales and profitability. Our priorities for 2013 are biased towards strengthening and executing on the fundamentals that will drive our growth and improve our profitability, including:

commitment to Advance Auto Par ts and our customers. I'm looking forward to the great outcomes we will drive in 2 0 1 3 by working together to provide great service and improve the consistency of our execution. Sincerely, Darren R. Jackson President and Chief Executive Officer

