2011 Annual Report | Service is our best part.®

Letter to our Stockholders

On behalf of our Advance Auto Par ts Team Members, I am honored to present to you our 2011 Annual Report. When I reflect on Advance's 2011 accomplishments, I am proud of our 52,000 Team Members who each played a unique role in our success. Their focus and dedication enabled us to achieve record levels of performance.

how Advance does business, while we consistently deliver our Promise. Our Values are the guiding principles behind every decision we make for our team, our customers and our Company.

In 2011, we simplified our focus around two key strategies, Service Leadership and Superior
Darren R. Jackson, President and Chief Executive Officer (centered) with Team Members

Availability.

We kicked off 2011 by reaffirming Advance's commitment to service with the launch of our customer Promise -- Service is our best part. Our Values -- Inspire , Serve and Grow -- have been, and continue to be, the foundation for

Service Leadership seeks to provide a special interaction with each and every customer. That means delivering on the customers' expectations by saving them time and helping them make wise decisions. We also made investments in the

-- continued on page 2

"OOVBM3FQPSU] 1

development of Service Leadership training and the improvement of our Commercial delivery speed and reliability to ensure we serve the needs of our Commercial customers. Over the last few years, we have made significant investments in Superior Availability because it's absolutely critical to our business to have the right parts available for customers when they need them. To accomplish this, we are focused on building an industry-leading supply chain which includes the expansion of our HUB network, opening our new distribution center in Remington, Indiana and implementing our new warehouse management system. We are pleased with the strategic progress and financial results we achieved in 2011.

r Total sales increased 4.1% to $6.17 billion compared with revenues of $5.93 billion in 2010. r Comparable store sales increased 2.2% on top of an 8.0% increase in 2010. r We opened a net 99 new stores, including nine Autopart International stores, and ended the year with a total store count of 3,662, including 202 Autopart International stores. r We generated $828.8 million in operating cash flow and a record $507.2 million of free cash flow. r Earnings per share increased 29.4% to $5.11 on top of a 31.7% EPS increase in 2010. r Our 19.5% return on invested capital, which increased from 17.5% in 2010, reflected our disciplined approach to managing our balance sheet and capital structure.

2 ]"OOVBM3FQPSU

r We reached new highs in Team Member engagement and Customer Satisfaction. Our values continue to guide how we approach our business and reflect the pride we have in serving our communities. Among our many charitable efforts in 2011, our team worked together to raise over $4 million for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), remaining JDRF's number one corporate partner. Thanks to the support of our team, customers and vendors, Advance has raised more than $30 million since 1994 to fund the search for a diabetes cure. In addition, we support and encourage our Team Members to give back to the communities in which they live and work.

over seven years old. Both the number and age of vehicles continue to be catalysts for our industry's long-term growth and stability. The current economic environment remains challenging due to high unemployment and escalating fuel costs. As a result, we continue to expect consumers to save by using local garages or performing needed repairs themselves.

In 2012, the Advance Team's focus will remain on Service Leadership and Superior Availability as the key strategies to drive our business. Our success will be determined by our ability to run our business with excellence by providing outstanding service, improving delivery times, effectively managing inventory availability, and increasing our investment in Team Member training and development.

As we look ahead to 2012 and beyond, we believe strong industry fundamentals help position us for continued success. The 240 million vehicles on the road in the U.S. have an average age of nearly 11 years. Of those vehicles, nearly two thirds are

-- continued on page 4

"OOVBM3FQPSU] 3

The result, we believe, will be increased sales, customer satisfaction, profitability and financial returns.

We expect 2012 to be another successful year as a result of our team's focus on delivering on our promise, our simplified strategies and strong industry fundamentals. As we celebrate Advance's 80th year in business, our Team Members' commitment to our customers will continue to make Advance a great company.

Our 2012 priorities remain focused on accelerating the growth of our Commercial business and steadily improving the trends in DIY. Our success in these areas will be driven by our efforts to retain our existing Commercial customer base and grow the business we have with them, aggressively acquire

new and larger Commercial customers through
the continued rollout of our Commercial programs and enhanced e-commerce offerings for both DIY and Commercial customers. We will continue to increase our in-market availability through our HUB store expansions and the completion of our new distribution center in Remington, Indiana. Finally, we will remain focused on providing our team members the necessary tools and training to maximize every customer interaction and meet our customers' expectations of both service and availability.

Sincerely,

Darren Jackson President and Chief Executive Officer

4 ]"OOVBM3FQPSU

