Letter to our Stockholders

2008 Annual Report

3

I am honored on behalf of over 48,000 Advance Auto Parts Team Members to update you on our progress in 2008 and our opportunities for 2009 and beyond. During my first full year at Advance Auto Parts we have made measureable strategic and financial progress on our turnaround and transformation which are in their early phases. 2008 was a year of dramatic volatility in the economy, in the automotive industry, and in our business. Clearly, change is the only constant in business. Those who lead and embrace change survive and grow, while those who fight it or wait for it to pass become obsolete. Part of embracing change is identifying and pursuing possibilities even in the worst circumstances. Despite significant industry and economic challenges, our team is aggressively investing and driving the transformation of our business and revitalization of our culture and values. We believe the current economic conditions continue to produce opportunities for us to grow our business long-term. Decreasing gas prices in late 2008 will take some pressure off our customers' pocketbooks. In addition, fewer new car sales means customers are keeping their vehicles longer, which increases the average age of vehicles and fuels the need to repair and maintain these vehicles.
Continued on next page

4

Adapting to market conditions speaks to the ability of a company to thrive and grow. We are adapting by continuing to focus on the following four key strategies that we launched in 2008 that will allow us to thrive in 2009 and beyond: · Commercial Acceleration ­ Serving Commercial customers better than anyone else through superior delivery times, order accuracy and parts availability. · DIY Transformation ­ Serving retail customers better than anyone else by providing products, services and support tailored to local market needs. · Availability Excellence ­ Delivering the right parts to the right place at the right time ­ every time. · Superior Experience ­ Consistently providing trademark "Legendary Customer Service" through a relentless focus on execution. These strategies will enable us to become the leader in the automotive aftermarket in the face of turbulent economic times. Despite the current economic challenges, we are committed to meeting the expectations of our Team Members, customers and shareholders.
Continued on page 7

5

Donna Clinger, General Manager

Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania

If there's one Team Member who knows a thing or two about attachment selling, it's General Manager Donna Clinger. Donna understands the value of engaging with customers. When you understand the customer's project, it's easier to work with them and suggest additional items they'll need. One of her most memorable moments was turning a $173 transaction into a solution that totaled over $600 just by asking a few questions. That's how you keep the wheels turning!

6

Danny Clark, General Manager

Chelsea, Alabama

General Manager Danny Clark knows how to run a well-oiled machine. In his case it's the #2 ranked store in the country based on the Team Calibration and Customer Satisfaction surveys. Danny believes it all comes down to good communication. Through listening and communicating, Danny's built an all-star team that knows how to work together. Every morning his team reviews the reports, where the store stands and what they can do to achieve their potential. Ask anyone on Danny's team and they'll tell you plain and simple--he keeps the team informed to keep the wheels turning.

7

Overall, I am pleased with our accomplishments in 2008 despite a tough economic environment that significantly deteriorated throughout the year. We celebrated many strategic and financial accomplishments in 2008 such as: · We increased our market share primarily driven by four straight quarters of double-digit Commercial sales growth · On a comparable operating basis, we achieved EPS growth of 16% · Free cash flow increased 19% to $280 million · Our Company's footprint was expanded by opening 109 new Advance stores and 18 new Autopart International stores · We added trusted brands such as MOOG®, Wagner® and BWD® to our inventory assortment · We added over $100 million in hard parts inventory upgrades in approximately 1000 stores · Our first ever Team Member engagement and customer satisfaction surveys were completed · Team Member retention improved to 61.3% from 41% in 2007 · We revolutionized our Team Member reward and recognition "systems" and focused our Company on unlocking our full human and financial potential to accelerate growth · We took the first step towards creating a selling culture in our stores with the launch of customerfocused programs such as attachment selling · We launched a new brand promise, "Keep the wheels turning"

Continued on next page

8

These achievements were driven by the hard work and dedicated efforts of our 48,000 Team Members who helped us grow our Company's success and serve our customers better than anyone else. Throughout this Annual Report, you can see photos and read stories about some of our Team Members who are living examples of how we are growing and transforming our business. 2009 is the start of the second chapter of the AAP transformation story. With the changes in our Team Member reward and recognition systems and our continued emphasis on our four key strategies and living our core values, we are focused on unlocking the potential and accelerating the success of Advance and its' stakeholders. We will continue to drive change, rather than be driven by it, and focus on reaching our full potential ­ for every store, every Team Member, with every customer. Our full potential can only be realized by having our Team Members focus on our customers, work together to embrace change and live our Company values: 1. 2. 3. Inspire and build the self confidence and success of every Team Member Serve our customers better than anyone else ­ help them succeed Grow the business and profitability with integrity

I'm excited about the opportunities ahead as we focus on accelerating to full potential! Sincerely,

Darren R. Jackson, Chief Executive Officer

