 13NOV201221365766
Dear AbbVie Stockholder,
When AbbVie launched in 2013, we began our journey with a commitment. A commitment to all stakeholders to build an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving sustainable top-tier performance with a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. Through our first four years, we’ve made great strides on that mission and are well positioned to continue our record of performance and progress.
By nearly any measure, our results over our first four years place us solidly in the top tier of our peer group. Since inception, we’ve delivered compounded annual revenue and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) growth of 11 percent and 15 percent, respectively. Over the same period, our dividend has grown 60 percent, contributing to a total shareholder return of 111 percent, the highest among our peer group. In addition, we’ve launched more than a dozen new products or expanded indications and built one of the strongest pipelines in the industry with the potential for leadership across many therapeutic areas.
In 2016, AbbVie delivered its best year yet, with strong growth performance, new product launches and the addition of Stemcentrx to advance our work within oncology. AbbVie delivered revenue growth of more than 13 percent to $25.6 billion and adjusted EPS growth of more than
12 percent to $4.82, placing AbbVie’s performance in the top tier of the industry peer group. We delivered this level of performance while achieving continued improvements in operating margin amid record levels of investment in research and development. As a result of our confidence in our strong long-term outlook, we increased our dividend by 12 percent to $0.64 per share, the third consecutive annual dividend increase since inception.
In addition to financial results, AbbVie continues to deliver on its mission to develop innovative medicines. In 2016, we launched several new products or expanded indications across immunology, oncology, virology and neuroscience, many of which are expected to be significant long-term growth drivers. We also advanced our research in oncology with Stemcentrx and its novel compound, rovalpituzumab tesirine (Rova-T), which is currently in late-stage clinical trials for solid tumor cancers. The addition of the Stemcentrx team and expertise complement our oncology development program of more than 200 clinical trials across more than 20 tumor types.
AbbVie’s investment in our pipeline began to reap significant dividends in 2016. We added an important new immunology program, risankizumab, to late-stage development, enrolled several Phase 3 clinical trials and advanced several early- and mid-stage clinical programs with compelling data that will support regulatory submissions over the coming years.
Despite significant change across our industry, our approximately 29,000 employees remain united in our mission and we will continue to strive to increase options and access for patients to elevate the standard of care in many challenging diseases. We’re committed to achieving these goals while operating responsibly and continuing to deliver a meaningful contribution in the communities where we operate. We thank you for your continued support in our company.
Sincerely,
4DEC201212233206
Richard A. Gonzalez
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 