13NOV201221365766

Dear AbbVie Shareholder: 2015 was another outstanding year for AbbVie, with considerable growth of our business and improved efficiencies across the organization. AbbVie's revenues increased more than 22%, to $22.8 billion in 2015, and our full-year adjusted earnings per share was up more than 29% to $4.29. Both of these increases place AbbVie second in our peer group for 2015 growth. We also expanded our operating margin to 42% of sales--up 610 basis points--and improved gross margin to 83% of sales--up 280 basis points since 2014. In just three years, AbbVie has become a leading biopharmaceutical company with top-tier business performance, financial results and return to shareholders, with compound annual growth in revenues of more than 10% and EPS growth of approximately 17% since inception. AbbVie's total shareholder return of 92% over this period is also in the top of our peer group. We have continued to drive significant growth from our leading product Humira, with 2015 net sales of $14 billion, an increase of 19% operationally compared to 2014. We also expanded our flagship therapies to include our HCV franchise and oncology product Imbruvica, a first-in-class BTK inhibitor, which positions AbbVie as an oncology leader in this rapidly growing market segment. Additionally, we announced FDA approval of Duopa for patients with Parkinson's diseases in the U.S. The outstanding performance of these and other products in our portfolio have allowed AbbVie to reinvest in our pipeline and build on our platform for the future. AbbVie has a record number of programs in mid- and late-stage development, and we continue to make significant pipeline advancements. AbbVie submitted regulatory submissions for Venetoclax for relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL); Imbruvica for first-line CLL; Zynbryta for multiple sclerosis; and Humira for uveitis. We also successfully transitioned several mid-stage pipeline assets into latestage development, including our JAK-1 inhibitor, ABT-494, in rheumatoid arthritis; a pan-genotypic, next-generation HCV combination therapy; elagolix for uterine fibroids; and ABT-414, an antibody drug conjugate for glioblastoma multiforme. Our exciting pipeline will bring much-needed therapies to patients around the world in the coming years. AbbVie is delivering on our initial promise to shareholders--to be an innovation-driven, patientfocused specialty biopharmaceutical company that delivers top-tier financial performance and brings a stream of innovative therapies to the market. Our performance and ability to execute, as demonstrated in our first three years as an independent company, gives us great confidence in our future, and we look forward to sharing our success with you. Sincerely,

4DEC201212233206 Richard A. Gonzalez Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

