1

Steven H. Collis, President and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Stockholders:
Fiscal 2014 was an historic year for AmerisourceBergen, and I could not be more proud of the way the whole company pulled together to deliver the stellar financial and operational performance we achieved together in fiscal 2014. Over the last few years we have examined our industry with fresh eyes, and we have taken bold steps to enhance the role of the wholesaler in the marketplace. The knowledge and expertise we have developed, our partnership philosophy, and our increasingly global reach enable us to influence and shape healthcare delivery by providing unique solutions for both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers. Through innovation and execution, we creatively address the current challenges in healthcare, and grow our business by driving value for all of our stakeholders.

In fiscal 2014, we exceeded all of our financial objectives. Our revenues for the full year were up 36%. Our adjusted earnings per share were up 24%, and we generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion. We made substantial investments in our infrastructure, acquired a minority stake in Profarma Distribuidora de Produtos Farmacêuticos S.A., in Brazil, and also invested in a specialty joint venture with Profarma. We successfully refinanced $500 million of our long-term debt, and taking both of our share repurchase programs together we bought back over $750 million of our common stock. As a result of our thoughtful stewardship of the Company's capital, we enter fiscal 2015 with tremendous financial flexibility. Our execution was equally as strong from an operational perspective. We successfully implemented the largest and most complex contract in our history, the distribution of pharmaceuticals to all Walgreens stores, and did so ahead of schedule. We opened a new state-ofthe-art pharmaceutical distribution center in Florida, and expanded and augmented several other facilities all while improving service levels to all of our customers. Furthermore, we enhanced our relationships with suppliers through the introduction of new

2

solutions and through our participation in the Swiss procurement joint venture with Walgreens Boots Alliance. Fiscalyear 2014 was a transformational year for AmerisourceBergen in which we substantially strengthened our core business, and we head into the coming year with excellent momentum. It is an exciting time to be in pharmaceutical services. Over the last year, our entire industry has transformed itself in an effort to better address the changing needs of the healthcare landscape. Wholesalers continue to demonstrate that the value we provide to the channel goes well beyond the aggregation of demand and the logistics of getting products from one point to another safely and securely. We help ensure efficient pharmaceutical care and broad access to products while making it easier for our customers to focus on caring for their patients. Organic growth rates in the US pharmaceutical market are improving, driven by a better economic conditions, health reform initiatives and successful launches of new brand products. Some of those new products have the ability to cure previously intractable disease, and the R&D pipeline is full of innovative products that hold the potential to make great strides across many disease states. The combination of advanced therapeutic medicine and expanding access to healthcare drives growth opportunities in our industry, and more importantly, meaningfully improves patient lives. AmerisourceBergen is uniquely positioned to help these products get to market as efficiently as possible, and to support efforts to ensure patients have access to both these complex

new medications as well as long-proven therapies across all sites of care. With each passing year our individual business units become less distinct from one another and instead focus their efforts on collaboratively meeting the needs of suppliers and customers. The different perspectives and expertise they each bring to the table creates unique opportunities to deliver value in a fast-changing market, and our suppliers and customers appreciate the ability to achieve a comprehensive solution with AmerisourceBergen. The strength of our results in fiscal 2014 is no doubt a benefit of that collaborative approach. AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC) had a very strong year. Revenues were up 42% as we onboarded the new Walgreens business. Solid organic market growth driven by an improving economy and the positive impact of federal healthcare reform efforts, as well as a contribution from the sales of the very successful new hepatitis C therapies also contributed to ABDC's revenue growth. Brand pharmaceutical price inflation remains quite strong, and price inflation on a portion of the generic pharmaceutical market was beneficial as well. During the year, we brought our new Orlando distribution center online, launched two new state-of-the-art customer service centers and made substantial infrastructure improvements to nearly every facility. I commend our ABDC associates for the incredible job they did in making these changes while implementing the Walgreens pharmaceutical distribution contract.

Fiscal 2014 was an historic year for AmerisourceBergen, and I could not be more proud of the way the whole company pulled together to deliver the stellar financial and operational performance we achieved together in fiscal 2014.

3

This challenging project was completed ahead of schedule and on budget, and was done without disrupting our existing business. On behalf of the entire management team, I applaud and appreciate their efforts. We are also pleased with the progress we have made improving our sourcing of generic pharmaceuticals by working with the Walgreen Boots Alliance Development joint venture. We began to recognize financial benefits from the joint venture ahead of schedule in March of 2014, and the contribution increased over the remainder of the year. We expect the benefits to continue to ramp over the course of the first half of fiscal 2015. Throughout fiscal 2014 we continued to invest in the next generation of programs and services for our suppliers and customers. We introduced key enhancements to our Good Neighbor Pharmacy® program, and successfully launched a new pharmaceutical private label program called BluePoint Laboratories®. Through the BluePoint Laboratories private label program, we bring a number of products to our customers at a compelling value. These and other programs demonstrate our ongoing commitment to community pharmacy, and driving value for all of our customers and the patients they serve. In December of 2014, we opened our new national distribution center in Columbus, Ohio, which will drive increased supply chain efficiency for both drug manufacturers and for our

own distribution network. This new facility will streamline certain brand manufacturer contracts by providing a single ship-to point for products for suppliers who wish to utilize the service. Through integration with our SAP infrastructure and other advanced warehouse management and materials handling tools, it also enables us to redistribute products within our network and support our future growth more efficiently. We have also made important investments in a multi-year effort to enhance supply chain security. Our innovative solutions efficiently link our supply chain partners and effectively track products as they move through the marketplace. AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group (ABSG) also had solid results in fiscal 2014 as strong performance in our plasma, vaccine, and specialty pharmaceutical business offset modest performance in our community oncology business. While reimbursement issues persist for community oncologists, we believe the provider market has stabilized. We believe that oncology care will continue to be provided across different sites of care and we are investing in new technology and services to ensure that our customers remain in the forefront of the evolution of cancer treatment. Our expertise extends far beyond oncology, as ABSG is very well positioned to benefit from new specialty drug launches in virtually any disease state, whether they are new brands, generics, or biosimilars. The services we provide

across the entire lifecycle of a product, from discovery and clinical trials through commercialization and eventually patent expiration give us a strong base upon which to continue to grow our business with both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers. The extensive network of providers we serve enables us to drive patient access in unparalleled ways. From third party logistics to fully customized inventory management and shipping to physician practices, hospitals, and other providers, ABSG offers unmatched expertise in supporting the most advanced, and often the most expensive and life-changing therapies. Our manufacturer services businesses performed well in fiscal 2014, with World Courier coming in especially strong. Since being acquired in 2012, World Courier has brought tremendous value to AmerisourceBergen. It has meaningfully expanded our global footprint, strengthened our relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers, and increased our exposure to future products early in their lifecycle. World Courier has continued to invest in its infrastructure, and remains the premier provider of premium logistics services world-wide. In addition, it gives us knowledge of local healthcare markets across the globe, and provides a platform through which we can expand our specialty offerings into new markets. The unrivaled service offerings in our consulting businesses are a clear

4

driver of value for both our manufacturer and provider customers. The expertise we bring to bear in the regulatory, compliance, and policy area along with our experience in developing patient adherence, reimbursement, and assistance programs is a clear differentiator. With the management of pharmaceutical spend becoming increasingly important as payors strive to contain healthcare costs, demonstrating the value of pharmaceutical therapies is vital, not just for the most sophisticated or newest products, but for virtually any prescription product. In order to more effectively manage activities on a global scale, we have launched AmerisourceBergen Global Manufacturer Services, GmbH, in Bern, Switzerland. Also known as AmerisourceBergen Switzerland, this new entity represents an important step to support global manufacturer relations and our commercialization strategies. Peyton Howell, our President of Global Sourcing and Manufacturer Services, has moved to Bern and she and her team are developing and implementing the next generation of commercialization services for healthcare manufacturers. It is no coincidence that AmerisourceBergen Switzerland is located in Bern, which is also where the Walgreens Boots Alliance Development

JV is located, as being in close proximity facilitates collaboration and communication. With the dramatic changes in the pharmaceutical manufacturer landscape, AmerisourceBergen Switzerland is positioned to function as an intermediary for all types of pharmaceutical and healthcare manufacturers fostering strategic relationships and focusing on specific new value-added activities. This new business will provide data analytics and market intelligence to assist manufacturers with their supply chain effectiveness and will serve as a platform to manage and grow PRxO Generics, our proprietary generics formulary and other global generic programs. AmerisourceBergen Switzerland represents a critical step in the process of expanding our international presence and the services we offer our partners. Our unique knowledge base combined with the immense scale of our distribution businesses and our increasingly global reach make us the ideal partner for those who don't just want to tackle current challenges but see greater opportunities on the horizon. One of the most gratifying things about the performance we had in fiscal 2014 is that we meaningfully expanded our ability to shape healthcare delivery and to positively impact the communities we serve. We have the means not only to continue

to make important investments in our business but also to launch and fund the AmerisourceBergen Foundation. This new foundation will primarily support charitable, non-profit organizations that address the needs of the patients we serve, fund scholarships for the deserving children of AmerisourceBergen associates, and support our own associates in extraordinary times of need. We will formally roll out the foundation over the next few months. Looking ahead to fiscal 2015 and beyond, we are well-positioned to continue to deliver on our long-term goals. We aim to grow revenues with the market, grow adjusted earnings per share in the mid-teens, earn a return on invested capital that exceeds our weighted average cost of capital, generate free cash flow that exceeds net income, and return a minimum of 30% of our free cash flow to shareholders. We will continue to invest in our infrastructure to support the growth potential in our business and ensure a secure supply chain, and we will look for external opportunities to grow our business and enhance the services we provide to manufacturers and providers. Our company has an excellent track record of meeting or exceeding those objectives, and we continue to strive to be excellent stewards of capital, redeploying it wisely to both grow our business and enhance shareholder returns. We remain keenly focused on the pharmaceutical services space

5

which we believe has excellent opportunities for growth in the years ahead, both in the US and international markets, and ample opportunities for AmerisourceBergen to continue to differentiate itself. To that end, on January 12, 2015 we announced a definitive agreement to acquire MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc., the leading animal healthcare distribution company in the US for $2.5 billion. MWI is a premier distributor in the large and attractive global animal healthcare market, with an impressive management team that has grown the company organically through differentiated products and services, and through thoughtful investments in select acquisitions. With annual market sales growth of 6%, the $23 billion dollar global animal health market offers a compelling opportunity to diversify our business into new markets while staying within the pharmaceutical channel. With its strong presence in both the companion animal and production markets, and its dedication to operational excellence, MWI is the ideal partner to help us drive growth in animal health. Utilizing AmerisourceBergen's knowledge of manufacturer and provider services, our global reach, and our partnership philosophy, combined with MWI's legacy of success and innovation, we will launch the next generation of superior animal health products and services together. We anticipate that the transaction will close in the March quarter of fiscal year 2015.

One final word about fiscal 2014. As I look back over the year, I am pleased with our outstanding financial and operational performance. I am even more pleased, however, with how we achieved it. Through bold thinking and unmatched execution, we established unprecedented ways to create value for all of our stakeholders. We have a great partner in Walgreens Boots Alliance, and our innovative, long-term strategic relationship has driven tremendous value with more to come in the years ahead. We also have many other outstanding and mutually beneficial relationships with our manufacturer partners, our long-term customers, and our stockholders. Our greatest assets, however, are our diverse base of associates and our collaborative culture that brings together the strengths of different backgrounds and varied areas of expertise drawn from increasingly international markets. Our success in these areas gives me great confidence that we will continue to make vital and differentiated contributions to the marketplace and thereby provide excellent returns to our stockholders while continuing to provide increasing value to our customers. Thank you for your investment in AmerisourceBergen.

Sincerely,

Steven H. Collis President and Chief Executive Officer January 23, 2015

