Fellow Stockholders
  AmerisourceBergen again delivered solid financial performance and excellent returns to our stockholders in fiscal 2013. Among other things, management entered into an innovative strategic relationship with Walgreens and Alliance Boots which notably strengthens nearly every aspect of our business and its potential for future growth. The collaboration with Walgreens and Alliance Boots also helps advance our long-term strategy of thoughtful international expansion.
Company’s long-range strategic plans and encourage management to take a broad view that promotes new business opportunities while at the same time assessing those opportunities in the context of our overall enterprise risk tolerance. The complex and rapidly changing healthcare landscape requires astute assessment of evolving regulatory environments and international business dynamics, and we and management continue to focus on and further develop expertise in these areas.
Board of Directors
Richard C. Gozon 5*
Chairman of the Board, AmerisourceBergen Corporation Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Thomas Jefferson University
Steven H. Collis 5
President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerisourceBergen Corporation
Douglas R. Conant 2,3
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Campbell Soup Company
Richard W. Gochnauer 3,4 Retired Chief Executive Officer, United Stationers Inc.
Lon R. Greenberg
Retired Chief Executive Officer and current Chairman of the Board of UGI Corporation
management has continued to
be a disciplined steward of shareholder value. While growing revenues and adjusted earnings per share and generating solid cash flow, we repurchased over $480 million of our common stock in fiscal 2013, and raised the dividend 62% in november 2012 and 12% in november of 2013. part of the strategic relationship with Walgreens and Alliance Boots included granting them the opportunity to purchase a minority stake in the Company through a combination of open market purchases and warrant exercises to help ensure interests are properly aligned. management intends to mitigate
a portion of the potentially dilutive impact of the warrants through hedging and other means. We are keenly focused on realizing the full potential
of this new relationship, which will yield significant benefits for many
of our stakeholders.
We also continue our efforts to be transparent and responsive to our stockholders. For example, we publicly describe how we engage in the political and legislative process on behalf of our stockholders. We have also taken steps to adopt governance changes over the last several years that are favored
by our investors, such as providing
for a stockholder right to call special meetings (which will be subject to stockholder approval at our upcoming annual meeting of stockholders in march 2014).
1,3
In fiscal 2013, we added two exceptional executives, Douglas R. Conant and Lon R. Greenberg, to our Board of Directors. mr. Conant’s and mr. Greenberg’s extensive business experience and strategic vision make them both valuable contributors to our Board. Your Board remains focused
on ensuring that we work to advance the Company’s strategic vision and long-term stockholder interests. In addition to reviewing the business plans and strategic objectives for the fiscal year, we regularly review the
On behalf of the Board, thank you for your continued support.
Executing the Company’s fiscal 2014 financial and operational objectives and completing several important capital investment projects remain
the primary focus of our management team. As always, we will continue to seek appropriate acquisitions or other investment opportunities in an effort
to position our business for sustainable future growth. To gain further understanding of AmerisourceBergen’s performance in fiscal 2013 and our plans to continue to grow our businesses in the years ahead, I invite you to read this Summary Annual Report.
Jane E. Henney, M.D. 2,4*,5
Former Professor, College of Medicine, University of Cincinnati
Kathleen W. Hyle 1*,3,5
Former Senior Vice President,
Constellation Energy and Chief Operating Officer, Constellation Energy Resources
Michael J. Long 1,2*,5
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Arrow Electronics, Inc.
Henry W. McGee
Former President, HBO Home Entertainment Senior Lecturer, Harvard Business School
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
1 Audit and Corporate Responsibility Committee
2 Compensation and Succession Planning Committee 3 Finance Committee
4 Governance and Nominating Committee
5 Executive Committee
* Denotes Committee Chair
Edward E. Hagenlocker
2,3*,4,5
Retired Vice Chairman, Ford Motor Company
1,4
  Richard C. Gozon Chairman of the Board january 24, 2014
15
