  To Our Shareholders:
AmerisourceBergen achieved record operating revenue of $50 billion and record cash flow from operations of $1.5 billion for fiscal 2005. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.73, including $0.60 in special charges and before the cumulative effect of an accounting change, were disappointing and below our expectations. It was a year dominated by
a major transition in how our Company is compensated by brand-name manufacturers for our distribution services. The good news is that we are now largely through
this business model transition, and our strengths in distribution and related services in the pharmaceutical supply channel, and positive industry trends, provide substantial growth opportunities as we look ahead. >
-1-

  We are focused on the
Pharmaceutical Supply Channel.
R. David Yost,
Chief Executive Officer

 >
Pharmaceutical distributors historically relied upon
the buy-and-hold model of managing inventory and generating gross profit. Typically, a distributor bought extra inventory ahead of an expected manufacturer price increase and then sold the inventory at the higher price. In the last year,
we have nearly completed our transition away from the buy-and-hold model to a fee-for-service model where we are compensated more directly by branded drug manufacturers
for the distribution services we provide and are relying less
on manufacturer price increases to drive gross profit. In fiscal 2006, we expect that 75 percent or more of our branded pharmaceutical manufacturer gross margin will not be contingent on manufacturer price increases.
We have already benefitted from the fee-for-service transition by dramatically reducing the amount of inventory
we need to carry. The model transition has positively impacted our balance sheet as inventories have dropped from nearly
$7 billion during fiscal 2003 to about $4 billion at the close of fiscal 2005, helping deliver cash from operations of $2.4 billion in the past two fiscal years. Today, we are net debt free with over $1.3 billion in cash, and debt of about $950 million.
Over the last two years we have invested nearly
$400 million in improving our distribution network, repaid over $650 million in debt, repurchased about $930 million worth of our stock, made modest acquisitions totaling about $70 million and paid out $22 million in dividends. During fiscal year 2005, we refinanced all our remaining debt, achieving lower interest rates, extended maturities, and better terms.
In December 2005, we doubled our dividend and split the stock two for one. Both Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings now rate the Company’s debt as “investment grade.” We continue to look at potential acquisitions in the pharmaceutical supply channel and, while we focus on opportunities in the $100
to $200 million range, our financial flexibility enables us to consider larger prospects if opportunities arise.
Our AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group (ABSG) continues to be a strength. ABSG once again outperformed the overall pharmaceutical market in fiscal 2005, growing to more than
$7 billion in revenue. Approximately two-thirds of our specialty business is in oncology distribution and services. With more new oncology drugs in the pipeline than any other disease state, the oncology market’s growth is expected to continue
     -3-
to exceed overall market growth.
In October 2005, we ventured
outside the U.S. market for the first time, entering the Canadian drug distribution market with the acquisition of Trent Drugs (Wholesale) Ltd., which is changing its name to AmerisourceBergen Canada.
The US $13 billion Canadian market provides growth opportunities and our entry into Canada, with its large number of independent community retail pharmacies, has been well received.
’01* ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05
Operating Revenue
(in Millions)
FY Ended September 30 *AmeriSource merged with
Bergen Brunswig in August 2001.
In AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC),
the Optimiz® program, through which we expect to create the lowest-cost pharmaceutical distribution network in the industry, continues on schedule and on budget. In fiscal 2005, we consolidated six distribution centers and opened two new 300,000 sq. ft. facilities. In October 2005, we opened an additional new distribution center in Kansas City, MO and expect to complete the sixth and final one in Bethlehem, PA in late spring of 2006. Installation of our new warehouse management system is already driving productivity improvements ahead of our expectations.
Our packaging business, AmerisourceBergen Packaging Group (ABPG), continued to grow both revenues and earnings. Today ABPG provides packaging services for 14 of the 15 largest pharmaceutical manufacturers. We expect large manufacturers to increase their outsourcing of packaging services, and ABPG is in an excellent position to benefit.
Our PharMerica long-term care business faces difficult market conditions. In fiscal 2005, margins were negatively impacted by aggressive market pricing and Medicaid reimbursement cuts. The business responded by lowering costs and introducing new technology to improve efficiencies and differentiate itself. While we believe PharMerica can improve >
$15,769
$40,163 $45,463
$48,812 $50,013

  Fellow Shareholders:
 Fiscal year 2005 was a challenging year for AmerisourceBergen as we navigated a change in the way we are compensated by manufacturers for our services. That transition is largely behind us, and I am confident that Dave Yost and the management team have a solid strategy for improving shareholder value.
In addition to its active involvement in overseeing the Company’s strategic direction, your Board continues to carry out its governance duties. This year under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act we spent considerable time addressing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. I am pleased to report both management and our independent registered public accounting firm found no material weaknesses in those internal controls.
On a personal note, I have reached mandatory retirement age and will be
stepping down from the Chairmanship and the Board at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in February. I have truly enjoyed my tenure as Chairman and as a Board member. You have an excellent Board that participates in rigorous discussions of the Company’s issues and represents the shareholders’ interests well. Dave Yost and the management team have been a pleasure to work with. I am pleased that the Board has elected Dick Gozon to follow me as Chairman pending his reelection to the Board at the Annual Meeting. The interests of shareholders will be well served under Dick’s leadership.
On behalf of your Board, thank you for your continued support.
James R. Mellor Chairman of the Board December 23, 2005
  >over time, fiscal 2006 will be a difficult transition year as the business adjusts to Medicare Part D.
Looking ahead, the fundamental drivers of our business continue to be excellent. The population of America is aging and with that comes increased demand for the products and services we distribute and provide.
Over time, we expect to benefit from Medicare Part D, which provides drug coverage to American seniors starting
in January 2006. We see a gradual build up, with little significant impact on our fiscal year 2006 and increasing volume in later years.
Another driver of note is generic pharmaceuticals. Generics offer our Company the opportunity to provide expanded services to the manufacturer in marketing and demand creation and to deliver significant value to our customers. More than $70 billion in branded pharmaceuticals may lose patent protection over the next five years and potentially enter the market as generic equivalents, providing AmerisourceBergen with significant opportunities.
The strongest performance driver continues to be the associates of AmerisourceBergen. Their disciplined execution,
creativity and customer focus continue to position our Company for future growth. Day in and day out, the work
of AmerisourceBergen associates reflects the fact that people’s lives depend on what they do.
As you know, Jim Mellor is stepping down as a Board member and as Board Chairman. Jim has provided me with valuable counsel and insight during his tenure. His perspective and experience have been extremely beneficial, and our Company is clearly better positioned due to his input and Board leadership. At the same time, I welcome Dick Gozon as the Chairman-Elect. Dick brings a solid background in distribution, long-time Board membership and strong leadership skills.
I look forward to working with him.
AmerisourceBergen is well-positioned in an industry with strong growth trends. Our future is bright. Thank you for your interest and continuing commitment to AmerisourceBergen.
R. David Yost
Chief Executive Officer December 23, 2005
 -4-
