     12
To Our Stockholders:
The associates of AmerisourceBergen delivered extraordinary results for the fiscal year that ended September 30, 2010.
The details of that performance are noted elsewhere, but here are the highlights: Record revenues of $78 billion, up 9%; gross profit up 12%; expenses as a percent to revenue at an historic low; operating income up 25%; and EPS from continuing operations up 31%. We continued to do an outstanding job in managing our receivables and inventory, driving cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion, up 41%. We had $1.7 billion of cash at our fiscal year-end. Lots to like about our year.
Our compounded growth of EPS is over 17% since the company’s inception in 2001. This year AmerisourceBergen was included in Bloomberg Business Week’s list of 50 Best Performing Companies for the last five years and ranked #22 by Fortune for our Total Return to Investors over the last ten years. Again this year we received a credit rating upgrade.
We raised our dividend again in November 2010, and we have raised our dividend by at least 25% per year for the last six consecutive years. And, we bought back $470 million of our outstanding shares, an additional return to our stockholders.
While we were achieving all the above, we were also building for our future.
We began implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system in July for AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC) that will ultimately provide our customers and suppliers enhanced efficiencies and information technologies to enable them to meet future market demands. We have completed the implementation of the back office segment of our new system, and look to convert the first distribution center during fiscal 2011, to be followed by all other drug distribution centers, one at a time. We expect the ABDC project to be totally complete in the 2012 timeframe.
We worked on capitalizing on the talent and resources within our company by tearing down the walls within our business units. As fiscal 2010 began, Steve Collis, the founder of our Specialty Group, moved to ABDC as its President. James Frary, previously a Regional Vice President at ABDC, moved to the Specialty Group and assumed the leadership position there. Peyton Howell, a founder of our Lash Consulting Group, moved from the Specialty Group to the new position of President, AmerisourceBergen Consulting Services, and Senior Vice President, AmerisourceBergen Business Development, reporting to me so the entire company could benefit from her expertise and leadership.
Recognizing the changing workforce and customer and supplier landscape, we named a Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, Michelle Bridges, to keep the important principles of diversity and inclusion in high profile, though diversity and inclusion are everyone’s job at AmerisourceBergen —starting with me.
After FY10 concluded, an additional step was taken to tear down the walls as all operating units (Drug, Specialty, Consulting and Packaging) were consolidated under the leadership of Steve Collis in his new role as President and Chief Operating Officer.
Steve and I, together with Mike DiCandilo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Chou, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and June Barry, Senior Vice President, Human Resources continue as the senior leadership of our company and as members
of the Executive Management Committee.
A key reason for our extraordinary results this year was our intense focus on two critical success factors—generics and specialty pharmaceuticals and related services. Long-term stockholders will recognize that these critical success factors have been our focus since the company’s creation in 2001.
R. David Yost Steven H. Collis Michael D. DiCandilo June B. Barry John G. Chou
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
R. David Yost* CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Steven H. Collis* PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Michael D. DiCandilo*
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
June B. Barry* SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, HUMAN RESOURCES
John G. Chou*
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, GENERAL COUNSEL AND SECRETARY
James D. Frary SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENT, AMERISOURCEBERGEN SPECIALTY DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICES
* MEMBER OF THE EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
OTHER CORPORATE OFFICERS
Thomas H. Murphy SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER
David M. Senior SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT
Antonio R. Pera SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Tim G. Guttman VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE CONTROLLER
J.F. Quinn VICE PRESIDENT AND CORPORATE TREASURER
Vicki L. Bausinger DIRECTOR, STOCKHOLDER RELATIONS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY
New generic launches were an integral element of our success in fiscal 2010, and the same will be true in fiscal 2011. Our fiscal 2012 will begin with the launch of the generic version of the largest selling drug in the U.S., followed by several other high volume products. Generics provide AmerisourceBergen the opportunity to provide value both up and down the supply channel: up-channel to the manufacturers who look to us to provide marketing functions in addition to distribution and receivables management, and down-channel as our customers look to us to search the market for the best generic product value. Our PRxO® Generics Solutions Program, with over 7,000 stock-keeping units from over 100 quality manufacturers is outpacing the market growth
as our value proposition is recognized.
Our specialty business continues to differentiate us from our peers in both size and scope. Through superb customer service and innovative programs, we enjoy a market share estimated to be over 50% on some products in the space. The benefit from generics and specialty can intersect as occurred in FY10 with generic introductions in the specialty space, and will repeat in FY11.
Many of the new and innovative products entering the pharmaceutical market will be through the specialty space due to complexity and demands for patient follow-up. Many of these complexities and patient demands create opportunities for AmerisourceBergen with our vast array of commercial and clinical products targeted to the physician and manufacturers operating in the specialty space.
AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation had another successful year as it, too, benefited from generic introductions, while effectively leveraging their cost base. The retail sector, particularly the approximately 3,700 independents comprising our Good Neighbor Pharmacy® network, hospitals, and alternate sites all made strong contributions under new leadership. We enjoy a diverse and strong customer base in our Drug Corporation—an additional differentiator from our peers.
As I look to the future, with over three and a half decades of experience in the industry,
I am convinced that our best years are yet to come. We have communicated to our Board and Wall Street analysts that we will follow-up our 31% EPS increase of fiscal 2010 with an EPS growth in the 7-12% range in fiscal 2011, net of a litigation gain we enjoyed in fiscal 2010. Fiscal 2012 will feature the aforementioned generic introductions. Fiscal 2013 should begin to reflect the benefits of our new ERP system. Fiscal 2014 is expected to benefit from the 32 million or more uninsured Americans entering the healthcare system (a population the size of California or Canada) with pent-up demand for the products we distribute. And the ABC Circle of Life—the older people get, the more drugs they take, the more drugs they take, the older they get—continues to describe the inherent growth and resiliency of our industry.
We enter our new fiscal year with a strong and diversified customer mix, outstanding suppliers, a disciplined cost structure, a solid balance sheet, a deep leadership team, and a dedicated work force.
Our associates work hard every day, knowing that people’s health depends on what they do, and it is a great pleasure to work with them.
Thank you for your continued support and interest in AmerisourceBergen.
R. David Yost
Chief Executive Officer January 14, 2011
              