   A decade of delivering results
I am pleased to report that AmerisourceBergen completed its first decade with a strong performance in fiscal year 2011. As I begin my first full fiscal year as President and Chief Executive Officer, I have been privileged to assume the leadership of an outstanding and financially successful organization from my predecessor, R. David Yost. With the help of our talented management team and the support of our Board of Directors, Dave did an excellent job preparing the Company not only for the transition to new leadership following his retirement in July of 2011, but also in laying the foundation for our future success in the next decade
and beyond. I would personally like to thank Dave for his many years of dedicated service to AmerisourceBergen, his leadership in preparing the Company for future growth, and his personal commitment to ensuring a smooth leadership transition.
I would also like to thank our associates, our senior management team, and our Board of Directors for the support and counsel that they have given me in my new role. I am very proud of AmerisourceBergen and
the healthcare services industry in which we participate. I am excited
about the opportunities that lie ahead, and I am very confident that we have the management talent in place to maximize those opportunities and to meet any challenges that we may face as we look ahead into AmerisourceBergen’s second decade and beyond.
During our first decade, we achieved excellent financial results while continuing to make significant investments and improvements in our core businesses that have built a firm foundation for further growth into our next decade. Over the course of our first
decade, we grew our earnings per share from continuing
operations at a compound annual growth rate of 17%,
improved our balance sheet and credit ratings, integrated
two large companies into a highly efficient distribution
network, built a market-leading specialty distribution
business, implemented a new enterprise resource planning
system, and delivered tremendous value to stockholders.
In our fiscal year 2011, we grew our earnings
per share 14%, increased our revenues, expanded
our operating margin and generated cash flow from
operations of $1.2 billion. We also increased our dividend
rate twice and repurchased $841 million of our common
stock in fiscal year 2011. Our corporate credit ratings
were upgraded by all three major credit rating agencies
in 2011. Performance in our two key growth areas,
generic pharmaceuticals and specialty distribution and
services, combined with our well-established operational
continued
Steven H. Collis President and Chief Executive Officer
     3

 2
continued from previous page
discipline, drove outstanding results that met or exceeded all of our performance goals for our businesses. We capitalized on unprecedented specialty generic opportunities in AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group (ABSG), had strong revenue growth and generic performance in AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation (ABDC), and had outstanding results in our consulting and packaging businesses, which were consolidated into one business unit at the beginning of our new fiscal year in October 2011.
Our performance was all the more noteworthy because during fiscal year 2011 we continued to implement our new SAP enterprise resource planning system in ABDC and in our corporate functions.
In addition, we reorganized the sales force in ABDC, our largest business segment, to better reflect current market trends and align our resources with the changing healthcare landscape. We have also been successful
in adding new business in geographical areas we have targeted, such as the New York metropolitan area and in Canada, and we are planning to continue to support these growth opportunities with capital investments in infrastructure we will make in fiscal year 2012.
The Company’s superb cash flow has given us tremendous flexibility to both fund our strategic growth and return cash to stockholders. In late calendar year 2011, we strengthened market-leading segments of our business with three acquisitions that bolster our core competencies and increase the value we deliver to customers and suppliers. The acquisitions of Premier Source in September 2011 and TheraCom®
in November 2011 meaningfully expanded the offerings of AmerisourceBergen Consulting Services (ABCS)
to include reimbursement consulting for molecular diagnostics and emerging biotechnology therapies and increased the reimbursement service capabilities for pharmaceuticals that are covered by the pharmacy benefit. The acquisition of IntrinsiQ® in September 2011 enhanced the informatics and data analytics offerings provided by ABSG, particularly to our oncology distribution and services customers and suppliers. We expect these acquisitions and other investments we are making in our businesses to continue to help drive growth and deliver value to our stockholders in the years ahead.
As we look ahead into our next decade, we
see many exciting opportunities on the horizon. Demographics continue to drive organic growth for the products we distribute and the services we provide.
The Company’s superb cash flow has given us tremendous flexibility to both fund our strategic growth and to return cash to stockholders.
The tremendous wave of brand to generic drug conversions, which benefitted ABSG in 2010 and 2011, will continue most specifically to impact ABDC, which will face an unprecedented number of generic conversions in 2012. This so-called patent expiration wave represents one of the most compelling opportunities ABDC has ever had to demonstrate value to generic manufacturers and healthcare providers. As payers
and consumers seek to contain the costs of healthcare, our world-class proprietary generic programs deliver excellent value for healthcare providers and patients alike.
As advances in medicine and pharmaceutical research lead to new, complex therapies, we are well positioned to assist manufacturers with commercializing their products as efficiently and effectively as possible, and most importantly to ensure patients have immediate access to advanced therapies. Our consulting expertise helps manufacturers ensure that the products they bring to market are covered by a patient’s pharmacy, medical or other healthcare benefit, that patients are equipped with the information they need to properly adhere to the therapy regimen, and that the medications themselves are delivered to the healthcare provider for administration to the patient in a timely and safe manner.
Over the next few years, health reform initiatives are likely to significantly increase the number of patients seeking access to healthcare services, which will increase the pressure on public and private payers alike to provide for more services with the same or fewer resources. Pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers will face renewed pressure to contain costs and will continue to look to AmerisourceBergen to provide efficient ways to bring products to market and to help ensure that the value of pharmaceuticals is demonstrated to both payers and patients. We believe that demand for generic products will continue to increase, both because more brand names are converting to generics, and because generics represent an excellent

    way to help control costs. Similarly, it is likely that biosimilars will also come to market at some point over the next few years, which we believe will further help to keep costs down and open up new opportunities for AmerisourceBergen to provide value-added commercialization services to biosimilar manufacturers. We also expect that as new innovative, highly targeted therapies come to market, our specialty and consulting groups will lead the way in assisting manufacturers with commercialization and other services to ensure their products are available to the patients who are most likely to benefit.
In this time of economic uncertainty, we are fortunate to be part of a vibrant and growing industry. We play an essential role in the pharmaceutical supply channel, and we’ve positioned ourselves well to benefit from the growth areas of the markets we serve for many years to come. As we look ahead to fiscal year 2012, our team is focused on four key challenges we must meet to drive continued success: we must execute well on the unprecedented number of generic conversions in fiscal year 2012; we must continue to successfully convert our distribution centers to the new SAP system; we must find ways to help our customers meet the financial challenges of healthcare reform; and we must overcome difficult comparisons in our future financial results with our record-setting fiscal year 2011.
Our five key methodologies to meet those challenges are: we will collaborate within our Company to drive innovation for all of our stakeholders; we will always strive to increase customer and supplier value; we will seek to expand our business in targeted markets; we will attempt to maximize operating efficiency;
and finally, we want to maintain a high performance culture. I believe our focus on the pharmaceutical supply chain and related services and our exceptional and innovative associates set us apart in our industry, and will enable us to deliver excellent value to stockholders for many years to come.
Thank you for your support and your investment in AmerisourceBergen.
Steven H. Collis January 20, 2012
We play an essential
role in the pharmaceutical supply channel, and we have positioned ourselves well to benefit from the growth areas of the markets we serve for many years to come.
 3
