DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER:
Our purpose at Abbott is to help people live the best lives they can, through better health. In 2014, through our strong performance and strategic actions, we positioned ourselves to do so for more people than ever before.
MILES WHITE
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
ABBOTT 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 
ABBOTT 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In 2014 we saw the new Abbott in full. 2012 was our year of separation, 2013 a year of establishing the template of the new company we’d become. Last year was our first opportunity to run that company flat out. And we were very happy with what we saw and how we performed. 2014 was a very good year for Abbott — one that clearly demonstrated how we’ll compete and succeed in the years ahead.
STRONG CASH FLOW
$3.5 Billion
Returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases
Throughout the year, we built for the future in multiple ways. All of them made our company stronger, more competitive, and better able to help more people in more ways. Our strategic actions in 2014 significantly enhanced our established competitive strengths:
BALANCE
Well-balanced diversity is the foundation of Abbott’s strategy and success. Our four major businesses are of roughly equal size, and that balance extends across geographies and our mix of payers. We constantly shape our portfolio to ensure that we’re in the
right markets and that our success isn’t over-reliant on any single therapy, technology, or country.
This year, we took several actions in
our Established Pharmaceuticals business, strengthening its product portfolio, building its geographic presence, and increasing its focus on growth markets. First, we expanded
this business through our acquisitions
of CFR Pharmaceuticals and Veropharm, which significantly enhanced our product portfolio and our presence throughout Latin America and Russia, respectively, making Abbott a top-ten player in both regions. At the same
time we agreed to sell our developed- markets branded-generics business to Mylan Inc., focusing this business entirely on faster-growing markets.
We further focused our company on enhancing human health by agreeing to sell our Animal Health business to Zoetis and by entering a large and growing new therapeutic area — electrophysiology for people with atrial fibrillation — through our acquisition of Topera.
GLOBAL PRESENCE
Today’s Abbott is one of the most globalized of all healthcare companies, with about half of our sales now in faster-growing geographies. To support our strong global growth, we’re expanding infrastructure around the world. In 2014, we added a new vaccine facility in the Netherlands, nutrition plants in China, India, and the United States, and are adding a new optics facility in Malaysia to meet growing demand in those regions.
In a highly innovative move, we also agreed to co-develop a dairy-farm hub in China, which will deepen our roots in the country and strengthen our supply chain. These investments are
a reflection of the strong underlying demand for high-quality adult and
pediatric nutrition products. Our intent is to design and manufacture products around the world to ensure that they’re geared to local needs and preferences, that we can produce them efficiently, and that we build our presence and strengthen our relationships with key stakeholders in every country in which we do business.
RELEVANCE
Abbott is well positioned to grow with the major trends in our business and the broader global environment.
The growth of developing economies and the global middle class has vastly expanded our markets and ability to help more people around the world. A related and equally powerful trend driving
our business is the aging of the global population. Today, about 23 percent of the people in the key markets we serve are age 50 or older; the United Nations projects this to grow to 40 percent
by 2050.
Abbott has a wide range of leading products designed specifically for older people — who use more healthcare than others. Cataract removal, for instance,
is the world’s most-performed surgery; we’re currently the No. 2 provider of cataract surgical instruments and lenses, and are gaining market share through the introduction of new products such
as our new Catalys system. This patient group also often requires intraocular lenses to help them focus their sight. To that end, this year we began the global rollout of two new Tecnis Symfony lenses.
And in our Vascular business we launched our MitraClip device in the U.S. to treat mitral valve regurgitation, a heart condition that is strongly correlated with age.
    2

 ABBOTT VISION
WE ARE BUILDING
A NEW ABBOTT FOR THE 21ST CENTURY, WITH MARKET-LEADING BRANDS AND TARGETED INNOVATIONS.
10-YEAR SHAREHOLDER VALUE CREATION
OUR FIVE-POINT APPROACH FOR SUSTAINED SUCCESS
• Productive R&D
• Well-Managed Intellectual Property
• Gross-Margin Improvements
• Expanding Presence in Fast-Growing Markets • Compelling Corporate Brand Identity
OUR INVESTMENT IDENTITY
A durable growth-and-income investment, delivering top-tier growth and steady margin expansion, with strong cash flow and increasing returns to shareholders.
Shareholders who have owned Abbott since
the end of 2004 have seen a 165% increase
in the value of their investment, significantly outperforming the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial indices.
ABBOTT 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
    TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (%)
200 — 150 — 100 — 50 — 0 — -50
165%
             ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
‘07 ‘08 ‘09 ‘10 ‘11 ‘12 ‘13 ‘14
 MANAGING FOR DURABLE GROWTH
   ADAPTING TO:
CHANGING MARKET DYNAMICS
WITH:
• STRONG MARKET
TO DELIVER:
DURABLE, RELIABLE GROWTH
POSITIONS
  • CONSISTENT PERFORMANCE
• STRATEGIC DIVERSITY
3

ABBOTT 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
LEADING
Abbott intends to lead — both scientifically and commercially — in the markets in which we compete. 2014 underscored that leadership across our businesses. For example:
• In Diabetes Care we launched our game-changing new glucose-monitoring technology, Freestyle Libre, in Europe. This revolutionary, first-of-its-kind product solves our customers’ biggest problem in this therapeutic area: having to stick their fingers repeatedly to draw blood for testing. Libre allows the user to read the data wirelessly by simply passing an electronic reader over a disposable sensor worn on the body.
• Our Nutrition business has averaged more than 70 new-product launches annually over the past several years. This includes innovations customized for the markets we serve, such as Eleva, a new formula designed to promote absorption of key eye and brain nutrients for infants in China. And we brought our world- leading adult nutrition business to China with the launch there of Ensure.
• In Diagnostics, our Iridica molecular- testing platform — another revolutionary new technology — has been approved in Europe to more quickly diagnose serious infections, such as sepsis. At the same time, we’re also updating our full range of existing diagnostic platforms — both systems and tests.
DURABLE
These strengths add up to the fundamental advantage that we offer investors: Durability. Abbott is built strong and built to last; that’s how we’ve succeeded in delivering superior innovation, productivity, and growth
with such remarkable consistency and reliability.
FOCUS ON FASTER- GROWTH MARKETS
12.5%
Operational sales growth in emerging markets
We build and manage our company to navigate environmental volatility and keep providing the performance, the return, and the dependability that you look to us for.
PERFORMANCE
For the full-year 2014, we achieved
sales growth of 5.5 percent, excluding the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Our operational sales growth rates, again excluding the impact of exchange, improved sequentially over the course of the year, as expected, and operational sales in emerging markets, including the impact of 2014 acquisitions, increased 12.5 percent. At the same time, we expanded our operating margin
and achieved year-over-year strong, double-digit operating earnings growth. In addition to this strong performance, we raised our quarterly dividend by 57 percent versus 2013 and by more than
9 percent in December 2014.
LIFE. TO THE FULLEST.
The highlights I’ve discussed above exemplify well-established ways in which Abbott has succeeded for many years. In 2014 we also took a strong
step in a new direction for us, adding a major new dimension to our competitive capability.
With half our sales today direct to consumers and half in emerging markets where we’re often establishing our presence, it’s more important than
ever in Abbott’s history that we have
a powerful, highly-recognized global identity to help us connect more strongly and directly with the people who use our products. To do so, last year we launched our new corporate brand identity: Life. To the Fullest.
Life. To the Fullest. symbolizes our belief that health is the foundation
for everything we can achieve in life. It’s the great enabler — the thing that makes all else possible. And it expresses our commitment to helping people get as much out of their lives as possible through better health.
Through actions like those we took last year, this is exactly what we’re doing. Today’s Abbott is helping more people in more ways than ever before. We intend to make Life. To the Fullest. the most recognized brand in our business, and make Abbott synonymous with not just healthcare, but with health itself and all that it means for the people we serve.
Miles D. White
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2015
     4
