   Dear Fellow Shareholder:
MILES WHITE Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (right) ROBERT FORD President, Chief Operating Officer (left)
Our performance in 2018 demonstrated the Abbott model in full. We built on strategic vision, organic innovation, and managerial discipline to deliver superior results. In the face of global volatility, Abbott again provided the reliability, stability, productivity, and growth that you expect from us.

ABBOTT 2018 ANNUAL REPORT
 >100%
5-YEAR TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN
THE COMPANY
Our excellent 2018 was a microcosm of AbbottÕs long history of sustained success and of the focused strategic shaping weÕve done in recent years to take it forward. And thatÕs exactly our intent Ð we manage Abbott in a very deliberate way in order to accomplish very clear goals.
Our foundational goal Ð the companyÕs purpose since its beginning Ð is to create life-changing technologies that help people live fuller lives through better health. We think thatÕs the
best mission a company can have.
WeÕre mindful of the privilege and responsibility we have in producing solutions that mean so much to so many.
Because of this keen awareness of
the importance of our work, and of
the legacy we carry, we view our business through the lens of long-term, sustainable success. While we work to deliver high-quality results quarter by quarter, we think in generational terms and build Abbott to succeed for the long haul. To do so, we manage the company with unwavering concentration on four pillars that uphold our leadership:
RELEVANCE
The first and most important decision we make as a company is what businesses to be in. We have shaped Abbott with great intentionality, choosing to compete in fields that offer the highest potential for breakthrough in healthcare and return on investment. This is how we keep Abbott current with its evolving environment and deliver the greatest impact Ð for the people who use our products and for our shareholders. Through purposeful management of our portfolio, we are now more innovative and better aligned
with the future of health technology than ever before, as youÕll see through this reportÕs discussion of our leadership in connected care Ð todayÕs most advanced and most personal medical technology. As a result, more than 50 percent of our sales today are from products and businesses that are new to the company in just the last six years.
BALANCE
Abbott has been a diversified company for generations. WeÕve always sought
to have a broad range of opportunities
Ð both because this provides more
ways to win, and because it insulates the company from volatility in any particular market. Over time, each of our major businesses has been affected for better or for worse by factors in their environments. But the balance amongst them has produced successful overall performance by Abbott, year after year.
PRESENCE
We intend for Abbott to be a strong and recognized presence worldwide Ð known by all our stakeholders for the contributions we make to individuals and to society. We do this through our broad geographic reach, with business today in more than 160 countries.
Our decades of experience in key international markets have given us deep local roots, with the majority
of our more than 100,000 colleagues located outside the U.S.
And weÕre further building presence by advancing our corporate identity to new audiences in new ways. Through high-visibility sponsorships, such as the Abbott World Marathon Majors, and through innovative multimedia advertising, weÕve reached more
than three billion people around the world and have achieved the number-
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
    Leading in Connected Care
Abbott is helping to build the future of healthcare with devices that let doctors remotely monitor chronic conditions, helping reduce costs and improving patientsÕ quality of life.
+ Diabetes:
+ FreeStyle Libre
Cardiac Rhythm Management:
+ Confirm Rx Heart Failure:
CardioMEMS HF System
  2

WEÕVE BUILT A SUSTAINABLE GROWTH PLATFORM THAT WILL CONTINUE TO DRIVE SUCCESS FOR MANY YEARS TO COME
one reputation rank with our target audiences in China and India. As
a result, Abbott is better known and respected than at any time in our history.
EXECUTION
Achievement is deep in AbbottÕs culture; but itÕs not just an intangible Ð itÕs built in through systems that guarantee sharp focus on the factors that keep
the company successful. Our operating systems Ð financial, quality, regulatory, compensation, and others Ð are designed to keep our standards high and the bar rising.
For instance, thanks to our highly successful cash-flow-improvement initiative Ð which helped us generate more than $6 billion in operating cash flow last year Ð weÕve been able to pay down debt from our recent acquisitions much faster than originally planned. The resulting balance sheet gives us renewed strategic flexibility.
LEADERSHIP
The result of this structured
approach is leadership across multiple dimensions of our business. Our goal is to have the number-one or number- two position in our markets. Thanks to the breakthrough success of FreeStyle Libre, our glucose-monitoring system that has become our latest billion- dollar product, we are now the worldÕs leading company in glucose testing
for diabetes. This is in addition to our global leadership positions in coronary stents, transcatheter mitral-valve repair, left ventricular assist devices, spinal cord stimulation, branded- generic medicines, adult nutrition, blood transfusion and screening, and point-of-care diagnostic testing.
Leading positions allow us to drive
the markets in which we compete. But our reputation rests on our excellence across the critical dimensions of
our operations. In 2018, Abbott was recognized as a premier employer,
as a top innovator, and as a leading global citizen, being named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 14th consecutive year, the last six as the leader in our industry. As a result of this success across our business, Abbott has now been named FortuneÕs Most Admired Company in our industry for the past six years.
THE YEAR
2018 provided a textbook example of how Abbott works. With our recent strategic additions now fully integrated, our focus was on running the company weÕve built. The result was an excellent year by every key measure.
All four of our major businesses performed well, leading Abbott to deliver strong organic sales growth
of more than seven percent, (11.6%
on a GAAP basis), which exceeded
the expectations we established at
the beginning of the year. This drove earnings-per-share at the top end of the range we forecast, despite headwinds from international currency.
We returned $2 billion to shareholders last year and, in December, announced a dividend increase of more than 14 percent. Abbott has now paid dividends for 95 consecutive years and has raised them for the last 47 years in a row. Combined with share-price growth of more than 25 percent, this produced a total shareholder return of nearly 30 percent, which was at the top of our peer group of companies.
ABBOTT 2018 ANNUAL REPORT
   Aligned with Important Trends
As healthcare needs grow and change around the world, Abbott works to stay ahead of those trends and respond with relevant, localized solutions.
By understanding the challenges, tastes, customs, and environments that impact the health of
people in each market, we can target uniquely local problems.
Today, Abbott is well positioned in markets where healthcare needs are great and growing fast.
     3

ABBOTT 2018 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Growth of this magnitude is rare for companies of our size, particularly as it follows an increase of more than 50 percent in 2017.
THE FUTURE
For the past 20 years we have consistently pursued a vision of the company we want Abbott to be and the impact we intend to have on the world. The result is a sustainable growth platform that will continue to drive success for many years to come.
Sustainability is the guiding principle in our management approach. Our commitment is that Abbott will be here, delivering the many benefits
it provides to the people we serve. This commitment takes many
forms. It means that we invest in capabilities for the future, not only
in our pipeline of market-leading innovations, but also in ways such
as the additional manufacturing capacity weÕre building to support the dynamic growth of FreeStyle Libre and our Alinity family of diagnostic systems. It means that we continually refine our operations to reduce our environmental footprint. It means that we invest in our people to attract and develop the talent we need to maintain AbbottÕs high standards, and that we continually strengthen our organization for optimal performance.
In 2018, we enhanced our leadership structure with the appointment
of Robert Ford as President and
Chief Operating Officer. WeÕve had COOs from time to time, when the business has called for that role in our structure; with the increasing scale and complexity of our business, we deemed this to be such a time. Robert is a long-time Abbott veteran, with broad experience across our global businesses, who most recently led our largest business, Medical Devices, and oversaw our integration of St. Jude Medical, our largest-ever acquisition. Having our businesses report to him gives us more managerial flexibility and strengthens us operationally.
>50%
of 2018 sales came from products and businesses new to Abbott in the last six years.
As this report and our strong 2018 performance make clear, Abbott has learned from its successful past, stands at a new peak in the present, and is poised for a future that goes farther and higher still. The future of healthcare is extraordinary Ð and Abbott is leading the way.
MILES D. WHITE
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2019
      Shaping Our Future with Life-Changing Technologies
Next-generation products and services are helping Abbott increase share
and generate above-market growth in important treatment areas
 4
