Chairman's welcome

AECOM is an organization that is focused on achieving growth by delivering outstanding client service. As the business results within this Annual Report clearly indicate, we continued to deliver on our vision of creating value for our shareholders, while being perceived by our clients, employees and peers as one of the leading global providers of professional technical and management support services.
In its 2006 rankings, Engineering News-Record places AECOM at #1 in Pure Design Firms, #2 in Top Design Firms, and #1 in Transportation and Facilities. Every AECOM employee has the right to be proud of these achievements. Our financial and professional results are indicative of the successful year we've had. But I am most proud of the way the chief executive role has been transitioned to John Dionisio, who has been my partner in various executive roles within AECOM for the past 20 years. John and his management team have enabled AECOM to continue building momentum, while also enhancing our areas of employee engagement, professional development, and the strengthening of our financial and administrative infrastructure. Significant growth As a company, we have continued to grow our market leadership positions throughout the world. Our growth in organic gross profit exceeded 10% over last year. The year also included the effective transition of the strategic mergers of ENSR and EDAW, both of which have exceeded our expectations in terms of business performance. At the end of FY06, we joined forces with Cansult, substantially enhancing our presence in the Middle East. Subsequent to year end, we closed our merger with HSMM, a multi-disciplinary firm that primarily offers design and project management for facilities and water resources planning throughout the U.S. We have executed strategic alliance agreements with four major Chinese companies to undertake major infrastructure projects. We also closed our agreement with Crédit Agricole's Private Equity group forming Meridiam, an infrastructure development company in which we have a 25% ownership stake. Meridiam has already closed its initial fund of $260 million. Board of Directors We would like to recognize and thank John Downer who retired from our Board this December. We have had the benefit of his global insights for six-and-a-half years. John is an icon in our industry, having proven his skills as a professional and a businessman. He was chairman of Maunsell when we merged our two companies in 2000. Having started his illustrious career as a project engineer on world-class bridge and dry dock projects for Maunsell Australia, he subsequently became the founder of Maunsell Asia and, later, CEO of the Maunsell Group. John and his wife, Rose, have been great friends and wonderful global ambassadors for AECOM, and we are sure that we will continue to maintain a close business and personal relationship with them for years to come. I'm also pleased to report that Jim Fordyce, Managing Director of J.H.Whitney Capital Partners LLC, and Lee Stern, Managing Director of GSO Capital Partners, joined our Board in February when their private equity firms became stockholders in AECOM. Pacific Corporate Group Capital Partners also became an investor when we repurchased the dividend-paying preferred stock of two former private equity partners. Since AECOM was launched in 1990, the company has made consistent progress toward its objective of being the most diversified, global professional services firm with a leadership role in all its markets. I am delighted that our concept has provided both a strong financial return for our 8,500 employee shareholders, and professional growth for our 28,000 staff. As proud as I am with what we have achieved during AECOM's initial 17 years, I am even more excited and confident about our future.

Richard G. Newman

01

