    1
Impact. Transform. Improve.
Fiscal year 2014 was a truly transformational year for AECOM — and the future of the engineering and construction industry.
During the year, AECOM announced the combination with URS, which closed in the first few weeks of
the current fiscal year, and began laying the groundwork for the firm’s integration process. With URS on board, the new AECOM — which has nearly 100,000 employees serving clients in more than 150 countries — is nearly twice as large by measures such as revenue and employees
and has unsurpassed design, build, finance, and operate capabilities to serve clients on a global basis.
In addition, during fiscal year 2014, AECOM announced the acquisition of stadium construction management leader Hunt Construction Group, complementing AECOM’s strength in the design of sports arenas and venues, and hospitality-industry facilities, Spain-based international development firm ACE International Consultants
S.L. Aligned by a common purpose — to positively impact lives, transform communities and make the world a better place — AECOM employees dedicate themselves to delivering solutions that draw upon its combined global expertise and local knowledge as we bring opportunity, progress and vitality to the communities in which we work and live.
Growth and financial performance
During fiscal year 2014, AECOM delivered solid results, meeting the evolving needs of its clients, supporting the professional development of its employees and strengthening its standing as a valuable investment. The company continued to expand its services — while advancing its organizational structure and capital- allocation strategy — to remain a trusted partner to clients, a great place to work, and a results-focused business for shareholders.
Despite uneven macroeconomic trends, the firm advanced toward its long-term financial and operational goals, while strengthening its competitive position. AECOM’s diversified services, paired with its global execution capabilities, are critical factors in the company’s ongoing success in construction services, its international design business and its management support services segment.
This success, combined with the company’s demonstrated commitment to meeting clients’ evolving needs, positions AECOM well to capitalize on future opportunities. For fiscal year 2014, the firm recorded US$13.8 billion in new wins. This contributed to a backlog of US$25.1 billion, representing 52 percent total growth and 33 percent organic growth.
AECOM’s capital-allocation priorities continue to be of high importance as the company focuses on stockholder
value and organic growth during fiscal year 2015. The firm generated US$298 million in free cash flow during fiscal year 2014 — a non-GAAP measure equal to cash flow from operations of $361 million less capital expenditures of $63 million. AECOM’s near-term priority is to deploy cash to pay down debt. As communicated during its earnings calls, AECOM expects free cash flow of the combined organization to be quite strong, with debt expected to be paid down to approximately two times debt to EBITDA by the end of 2017, compared with approximately 4.5 times at the close of the URS combination.
AECOM also expects to deliver on its synergy targets related to the URS transaction, having increased its initial guidance of US$250 million in synergies to US$275 million.

    2
Designing for success
Now that the combined firm is operating as one company under the AECOM brand, we have implemented an operating structure that reflects the strength of both companies and positions us to successfully meet the design, build, finance and operate needs of clients globally.
AECOM’s three reported segments are Design and Consulting Services; Construction Services; and Management Services. In addition, AECOM Capital continues to support its integrated-services platform
and differentiate its competitive offering through direct investments in real estate and public-private partnerships. Through the end of fiscal year 2014, AECOM Capital had committed $150 million to 13 projects that have driven approximately $1 billion in Construction Services backlog.
There are very few companies in the world that can execute at the scale and technical level that AECOM
is known for delivering, and its capabilities are enhanced with this new structure.
Ethics and integrity
AECOM remains dedicated to sustaining a high-performance, engaging work environment that reflects the shared cultures of a long legacy of industry- leading firms. The company’s core values — people, clients, excellence, safety, innovation and integrity — are paramount to AECOM’s continued success.
Through ongoing, transparent partnerships with all stakeholders, AECOM builds trust, which is a fundamental ingredient for long-term success. While business results are
a critical measure of this success, how employees achieve those results is every bit as important. For this reason, the firm’s reputation of trustworthiness and integrity has resulted in accolades such as being named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute for four consecutive years, and being recognized by the New York Stock Exchange Governance Services as a finalist in the “Best Governance, Risk, and Compliance Program at Small to Mid-Cap Company” category.
     
    3
Impacting communities
AECOM understands that aligning business values, purpose and strategy with the social, environmental and economic needs of all stakeholders creates a competitive advantage
for the company. Corporate social responsibility (CSR) encompasses many areas — from good corporate citizenship to business imperatives such as integrity, safety, governance, sustainability and other components.
CSR is viewed as the collective energy and effort of the company
and its employees to benefit society and the environment through the contribution of labor, financial support and facilities as well as social and community networks. That’s why, in an effort to transform the world around us, the heart of AECOM’s
CSR program focuses on impacting communities and improving the lives of the people it touches every day.
AECOM and its employees have a rich history of contributing to society and the environment by supporting pro- bono, philanthropic and charitable activities in the places where they work and live.
During 2014, employees logged thousands of volunteer hours helping
disadvantaged communities through groups such as Engineers Without Borders, Water For People, Just a Drop, the International Committee of the Red Cross and its affiliates around the world, the Maasai Wilderness Conservation Trust, the Wounded Warrior Project,
the Yellow Van Food Rescue, the Sabre Charitable Trust and the construction and property industry’s charity for homeless people (CRASH), as well
as natural-disaster-relief efforts and a variety of other philanthropic organizations around the world.
AECOM also reaffirmed its commitment to helping those in need during critical times by providing relief efforts for those affected by the Oso landslide, earthquakes in China, devastating floods in the Western Balkans, and other disasters. As an example, during the flooding in the Western Balkans, AECOM employees already working in the area responded immediately by participating in on-site flood-protection activities across the region. AECOM employees also showed their support through fundraising activities across Europe
and Asia to help residents resume to normalcy. The company matched staff donations to the Red Cross Disaster Appeal.
Developing a sustainable future
With a vision of contributing to a more- sustainable future, AECOM employees incorporate sustainability as part of their integrated solutions, enabling clients to secure business continuity, reduce their impact on the environment, and improve the lives of the project’s end users. AECOM defines sustainability as helping clients, society and the firm address complex challenges by managing financial, natural, social and human capital, with minimum risk. Examples of these efforts include:
- The Masdar Siemens Headquarters
in Masdar City, Abu Dhabi, is the first Leadership in Energy and Environmental design project in the United Arab Emirates with a Platinum rating.
- AECOM was selected as a finalist in the “River of Life” competition to further develop the company’s initial master plan submission to rejuvenate the Klang River and its surrounding area into an iconic waterway — facilitating the continued growth of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
- AECOM employees analyzed the potential long-term implications of climate change and population growth on the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Flood Insurance Program in the United States.
- The firm’s work on South Africa’s Strumosa Urban Agriculture and Waste Education Centre incorporates an interconnected system optimizing the use of waste and water to create jobs, improve the livelihood of local community members and boost the country’s economy in the long term.
- Australia’s Townsville Port Access Road aims to support significant regional economoic development during the next 20 to 25 years.
 
    4
Safety for Life
Safety is an essential part of AECOM’s DNA. That’s why its definition of safety — one of the firm’s core values — encompasses everything from
how employees work inside the office to every decision made on a project site. This includes maintaining a healthy, vibrant workplace; protecting facilities, property, equipment, the environment and, most important, people — such as employees, clients and the end users of AECOM’s work. The firm’s safety commitments are outlined in its Safety, Health and Environment (SH&E) Policy Statement and Life Preserving Principles. The policy statement establishes and maintains a framework for the firm’s overall SH&E program and drives operations to proactively incorporate these safety standards into all aspects of the business.
First introduced in 2013, AECOM’s “Safety for Life” program has played
a crucial role in strengthening the company’s deep SH&E culture.
This “Culture of Caring” means that employees are always watching out for others and gently pointing out when
anyone is at risk — taking responsibility for the safety of their colleagues and ensuring everyone returns home to
their families in the same condition
that they arrived for work. The program also features processes and tools such as comprehensive online training and management system assessments, regular communications, and company- wide recognition of programs such as the United Nations’ World Day for Safety and Health at Work.
As a global company, AECOM addresses the differing needs across varying countries with regional safety leaders who ensure that safety remains a priority everywhere. All applicable safety rules and regulations are followed, and employees are encouraged to make
recommendations for improvements. Following are some highlights of AECOM’s 2014 safety successes:
- Total recordable injury rate, a measure of the frequency of all work-related
injuries and illnesses, reduced by 61 percent.
- The Gold International Business Award (IBA) for Health, Safety & Environment in the Middle East and Africa — following last year’s achievements, where the firm won two IBAs for safety in Asia, Australia and New Zealand, as well as Canada and the U.S.
- The Royal Society for the Prevention
of Accidents’ Gold Medal Award — for receiving nine- consecutive gold medals for occupational health and safety.
- Five Industry Leader Awards from the U.S. National Safety Council (NSC)
for outstanding safety achievements measured by lowest total incidence rate and employee work hours. Since 2010, AECOM has received this recognition from the NSC 18 times.
AECOM continues to utilize innovative processes, procedures and tools to safely deliver some of the world’s most challeng- ing projects. The firm remains committed to becoming the industry SH&E leader as well as achieving its ultimate goal of zero work-related injuries and/or illnesses as it strives to transform industry standards.
 Our capabilitites
Markets
Buildings + Places Civil & Infrastructure Industrial
National Governments Oil, Gas & Chemical Power
Services
Design Build Finance Operate
  