Page 08

Chief Financial Officer's Statement

Our finances in fiscal year 2009
I am pleased to report that fiscal year 2009 brought another record-breaking year of financial performance for AECOM. Throughout the year, we focused on executing our business strategy, which resulted in strong growth while improving our profitability, balance sheet and liquidity position.

We achieved 18 percent growth in revenue to a record US$6.1 billion. Net service revenue increased 16 percent to US$3.8 billion with constant-currency organic growth of 8 percent. Our earnings per share from continuing operations were US$1.70, up 21 percent from last year. We have been driving a companywide margin improvement initiative for the past three years while continuing to streamline our global operations and rapidly integrating the companies we have acquired. In fiscal year 2009, these efforts resulted in a 20-percent increase in operating profit to US$287 million. Going forward, we will continue to execute our margin improvement plans. Wins across all our global markets propelled backlog to a record US$9.5 billion, a 10-percent increase over last year. Our backlog represents a diversified pipeline of new opportunities, including stimulus-funded projects in the United States and around the world, which positions us well for the future.

We closed the year with US$291 million in cash, cash equivalents and total debt of US$171 million. Our strong balance sheet reflects the quality relationships we have established with our clients as they continued to make timely payments during a global economic recession. This provides us with ample liquidity to invest in organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions in fiscal year 2010 and beyond. Looking ahead AECOM is well positioned for fiscal year 2010 and beyond. Our diversi fication strategy will continue to be a key driver of our leading market position. We have a solid book of business, a strong balance sheet, and our record financial performance in fiscal year 2009 speaks to our ability to execute our business strategy in a challenging market. We are very pleased with our accomplishments during fiscal year 2009 and are excited about the oppor tunities ahead.
Michael S. Burke Chief Financial Officer

Michael S. Burke Chief Financial Officer

