2017 Annual Report
 Dear Stockholders,
Letter from Michael S. Burke
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer AECOM
AECOM’s accomplishments and strong performance in fiscal year 2017 reflect our progress in building a company that offers unparalleled value in our industry. Our ability to integrate design, build, finance and operate (DBFO) services through the full lifecycle of a project, along with our experience across a range of global markets, means we can imagine the exceptional and deliver it more efficiently.
Our competitive advantages are evident in our strong financial results. We delivered four percent organic1 revenue growth in the year, including industry-leading nine percent organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter, the highest in several years. Additionally, we generated a record more than $23 billion of wins in the year and substantially increased our backlog by 11 percent to an all-time high of nearly $48 billion.
Importantly, the profile of our backlog is stronger than ever, with
record backlog in our higher-margin Design and Consulting Services
(DCS) and Management Services (MS) segments, including a number
of key wins that leverage our fully integrated capabilities. These
include the contract to decommission the San Onofre Nuclear
Generating Station in Southern California (SONGS), a more than
$1 billion win led by our Construction Services (CS) segment that
integrates capabilities from our DCS and MS segments. In addition, in the fiscal fourth quarter, we were awarded a substantial, multi-year global design-build contract with a leading multi-national pharmaceutical company that also included capabilities from our DCS and CS segments.
With substantial infrastructure and defense funding momentum — including $200 billion of ballot measures passed in the November 2016 U.S. elections, the passage of a more than $50 billion highway bill in California, a strong outlook for significant increases in U.S. Department of Defense spending, and over $700 billion of infrastructure initiatives underway in Canada and the United Kingdom — we are confident this momentum will continue to drive strong financial results.
We also continue to generate strong cash flow with approximately $2 billion of free cash flow2 over the past three years. Our industry-leading cash flow is a clear differentiator and has
allowed us to reduce our debt by more than $1.4 billion, execute the acquisition of Shimmick Construction and invest in growth, including investments in AECOM Capital, the financing arm of our differentiated DBFO capabilities.
Furthermore, we announced in September 2017 a new capital allocation policy that provides clarity into our intended use of capital and focus on creating additional stockholder value. This policy includes a commitment to continued debt reduction to achieve 2.5x net leverage3 and thereafter returning a substantial portion of capital to our investors through the execution of our $1 billion stock repurchase authorization.
1 Organic growth is at constant currency and excludes revenue associated with actual and planned non-core asset and business dispositions. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Items.
2 Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures net of proceeds from disposals. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Items.
3 Net debt-to-EBITDA is comprised of EBITDA as defined in the Company’s credit agreement, which excludes stock-based compensation, and net debt as defined as total debt on the Company’s financial statements, net of cash and cash equivalents.
  2
OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES ARE EVIDENT IN OUR STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS.

We also celebrated significant project milestones in fiscal year 2017:
– Leveraged our best-in-class approach to large-scale transit projects to complete the first phase of the Second Avenue Subway for the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), which will serve approximately 200,000 daily riders and met the completion deadline set in 2009.
– FinishedtheconstructionofanNBAarenainDetroitandanNFLstadiuminAtlanta,broke ground on another NFL stadium in Los Angeles, and also broke ground on the substantial One Vanderbilt project, which expands our resume that includes nearly 60 percent of all towers taller than 1,000 feet under construction in New York in the past decade.
– AchievedtherestartoftheWasteIsolationPilotPlant(WIPP)fortheU.S.DepartmentofEnergy (DOE), which contributed to the restart of the DOE National Transuranic Waste Program and a three-year contract extension for the AECOM-led LLC, Nuclear Waste Partnership.
– Concluded numerous transformative engineering and project management projects for large public-sector clients in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region across a variety of sectors, including healthcare, energy, hospitality and media.
– Completed numerous iconic infrastructure projects in the Asia-Pacific region, including the Stadium Station Alliance in Perth, Australia that allows train access to the new Perth Stadium, and the opening of Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit Line 1 in Kuala Lumpur.
– Closed on our first AECOM Capital property sale for an approximately 30 percent internal rate of return, which was in addition to fees earned by our CS segment and marked a major milestone in the advancement of our DBFO vision.
I’m not the only one taking notice of AECOM’s accomplishments. Reflecting our leading brand across our global markets, in 2017, we were ranked the No. 1 design firm by Engineering News-Record for the eighth consecutive year, named one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies for the third consecutive year, and named Construction Dive’s Company of the Year for the second consecutive year. In addition, I was very proud to see AECOM receive a perfect score in the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index, as we strongly believe that the diversity of our workforce is fundamental to our success as a company.
WE HAVE BUILT A COMPANY THAT
IS UNRIVALED IN OUR SCALE AND CAPABILITIES, AND WE ARE ADVANCING TOWARD OUR GOAL OF BECOMING THE PREMIER INTEGRATED DELIVERY FIRM.
AECOM
  Importantly, we have achieved these goals while operating with an unwavering commitment to ethics and safety. We closed fiscal year 2017 with our strongest safety results to date, achieving a best-in-class performance in our Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR) and nearly the same result in our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), as based on the Construction Industry Institute’s rankings. And with our focus on global ethics, compliance and quality, we are benefitting from a culture of trust, accountability and flawless execution.
The 10-year anniversary of our initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange this year gave us a moment pause and reflect on our progress. Since 2007, we have quadrupled our revenues and nearly tripled our number of employees. We have built a company that is unrivaled in our scale and capabilities, and we are advancing toward our goal of becoming the premier integrated delivery firm. We are proud of what we’ve accomplished to date and confident that AECOM will continue to set the standard for excellence in the industry.
On behalf of AECOM’s 87,000 employees, aligned on our mission to build a better world, I thank you for continuing this journey with us.
Best Regards,
Michael S. Burke
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
