Transforming our vision of the future
With approximately 45,000 employees serving clients in more than 125 countries, AECOM has a long and proven track record of winning and managing the world's most complex and demanding projects. A trusted partner to our clients, we provide the innovative technical expertise that creates, enhances, and sustains the world's built, natural and social environments. As a leading provider of professional technical and management support services for government and commercial clients around the world, we can link AECOM's ongoing success to three key factors: -- Our talented, dedicated employees around the world -- A diversified growth strategy that positions AECOM well to withstand financial cycles and unforeseen market impacts -- Committed shareholders who enable our growth strategy to succeed This combination of hard work, critical long-term planning, and dependable financial resources has laid a foundation for our many successes since AECOM was established in 1990 and became a publicly traded company in 2007. The value of these characteristics during fiscal year 2010 was clear. Now, as we begin to see an economic recovery in a number of our markets around the world, we look toward the future.

Vision 2020

Our Vision 2020 strategic growth roadmap charts a course to a bold, ambitious target. Built on our Purpose and core values, Vision 2020 provides a laser-like focus to ensure that AECOM flawlessly executes a business strategy that: -- Turns the industry's ever-growing need to attract and retain the most-talented and dedicated staff into an opportunity that differentiates AECOM from its competitors -- Drives the innovation required to effectively distinguish AECOM as the leader in our industry -- Delivers excellence and continuous improvement, as we provide our clients with the highest quality services We are proud to say that our actions during 2010 place us in a favorable position to achieve the goals of Vision 2020.

The plan's initial targets reflect our continued commitment to executing a strategy that has enabled AECOM to grow and prosper for the past 20 years -- a strategy built on four pillars: People Our future success starts with our people. Professional development, succession planning, diversity and inclusion, and employee engagement are the critical success factors required to achieve Vision 2020. Through our people, we will leverage a more diverse, global leadership team to work across the enterprise. To reinforce the strength of our leadership team, we will advance a culture of professional and leadership development that promotes and values continuous learning. Innovation Everyone at AECOM must be prepared to successfully meet the rapid changes occurring in our industry. Innovation will be at the core of how we do our work, where we do our work, and what types of work we will perform. We must also look to develop new services that will better enable our clients to achieve their goals. And we will continue to strive to deliver new technologies in order to solve the complex problems facing the world now and in the future.

Excellence Since our company's inception, delivering excellence has been the differentiating factor in the services that we offer to our clients. As we move forward with Vision 2020, excellence will assume even greater importance in order for AECOM to meet the evolving -- and increasingly demanding and complex -- needs of our clients, which will intensify the competition for key projects around the world. Our future success depends on our ability to be recognized as an indispensable partner that provides true service excellence. Growth We will leverage AECOM's diversified business model to pursue and nurture a healthy balance of profitable organic and acquisitive growth. We will expand our global expertise through our existing operations and attract new merger and acquisition partners that complement AECOM's service offerings and global footprint. This will benefit our clients and staff as our expertise grows and new opportunities become available for our employees. Through the pillars of our Vision 2020 strategy, AECOM will maintain an advantageous position to effectively and efficiently navigate the rapidly changing markets during the next decade. By creating value for our clients, employees, stakeholders, and the communities in which we live and work, everyone involved with our company's success will benefit from the goals of Vision 2020.

Financial performance

Pursuing growth

Our people

As of September 30, 2010, the end of our fiscal year, our revenue grew by 7 percent to a record US$6.5 billion. In addition, operating income rose by 19 percent to US$340 million. At the same time, net income from continuing operations was US$237 million, up 27 percent from the same period of fiscal year 2009. Earnings per share were US$2.05, a 21-percent increase. At the close of fiscal year 2010, AECOM had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of US$613 million. We also achieved a record backlog of US$14.7 billion, a 55-percent increase over the previous year. Overall, we delivered strong business results by leveraging a diversified business model and key acquisitions that balance -- and optimize -- our capabilities, end markets, geographies, and client base. Along with our financial performance during fiscal year 2010, AECOM's reputation for excellence and innovation continued to be recognized outside of our traditional client base. Engineering News-Record magazine ranked AECOM in the top spot in 12 market sector categories, in addition to being named the number one design firm overall. We also advanced 106 places to number 352 on Fortune magazine's Fortune 500 listing of America's largest corporations.

The past fiscal year saw AECOM add many achievements to an already significant list of notable accomplishments. Between the beginning of the calendar year and November 2010, we advanced our diversification strategy with important acquisitions across our transportation, facilities, government services, and energy end markets. Looking ahead, we are focused on capturing significant shares in each of our end markets through organic and acquisitive growth. As a result, AECOM will be positioned to maintain its forward momentum in 2011 and beyond with our balanced business model, global platform of integrated services, and focus on high-growth end markets and geographies.

By investing in career and professional development opportunities for our employees around the world, we will advance our commitment to being the best at what we do. During the past year, we evolved as "one AECOM" into a stronger company that opened a new universe of professional development and business opportunities for our employees and clients. Coupled with innovation and deep technical expertise, our global reach and local knowledge firmly establish AECOM as one of the largest, most respected providers of professional technical and management support services in the world. Nothing better illustrates the excellence and innovation that define us than the projects on which our employees work, including several of the world's largest mega-projects. By aligning our focus across operations, our people play a vital role in strengthening our direction for the future so that we can continue to achieve great things. Our social responsibility report Innovations and excellent services don't spring to life on their own. At the heart of every successful project and solution, you will find the employees who make AECOM a great company and an engaging place to advance a career. We embrace corporate social responsibility, committing to give back to the communities in which our employees live and work. And through their global and personal investment, the people of AECOM truly do make the world a better place. During fiscal year 2010, AECOM employees gave their time, expertise, and financial resources to Engineers Without Borders, Water for People, and numerous other philanthropic organizations around the world.

Ethics and corporate governance

One AECOM

Our capabilities

Our Core values define who we are, what we do, and how we do it. By embracing these values, our commitment to ethics and compliance guides how we conduct business every day. We embrace the fact that everyone at AECOM has a personal responsibility to make certain that we, and those who work with us, always provide our services ethically, safely, and in compliance with the law. While business results are a critical measure of our success, how we achieve those results is every bit as important. Our integrity will never be compromised -- no matter how large the potential financial gain.

AECOM entered fiscal year 2011 as a stronger, more unified company. Our performance speaks to our significantly enhanced abilities to meet our clients' growing need for turnkey, integrated services. As we grew our business during fiscal year 2010, our performance was strong. This was not an easy accomplishment. Most certainly, we made some difficult decisions. Yet, because of the hard work and dedication of our staff around the world, we continued to grow -- and emerged at year's end stronger than ever. Although there are surely some economic challenges ahead, we are confident about what we can achieve as a unified AECOM team. Our solid balance sheet, outstanding backlog, and enhanced market diversification give us the confidence to say that we are well positioned for fiscal year 2011 and beyond. Going forward, we will continue to focus on delivering excellent levels of service to our clients, solidifying our reputation as the place for our employees to grow professionally, and maintaining our position as a valuable investment for our shareholders. We are proud of AECOM's evolution during the past year and excited that we have the right people, business model, and key relationships in place around the world to ensure our continued success as we progress closer to our goals of Vision 2020.

Architecture Building engineering Construction services Design + planning Economics Energy Environment Government Mining Oil + gas Program, cost, consultancy Program management Transportation Water

