02 AECOM Annual Report 2008

President / Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's statement

President / Chief Executive Officer Chairman John M. Dionisio Richard G. Newman

President / Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's statement Our business model, based on diversification and growth, performed strongly in 2008. We will continue to build market share by leveraging our existing client relationships to win new projects, and to pursue the goal of delivering sustainable solutions across all our business lines.

Fiscal year 2008 was highly successful for AECOM. We continued to deliver strong business results in all our end markets and across all our geographic regions, expanding our service proposition around the world. We welcomed 10 new companies into the AECOM family in FY08. This included our largest acquisition to date ­ Earth Tech ­ which added more than 4,000 employees to our North American operations and enhanced our position in the environmental and federal government markets. As we continue to grow and evolve our business, we remain committed to the disciplined execution of our growth strategy and a business model that emphasizes the delivery of world-class levels of service to our clients and professional development for our employees. This focus on core values and culture has enabled AECOM to become a global leader in professional technical and management support services, while leveraging a distinct global footprint that differentiates us in the marketplace. At the heart of our business is a commitment to using our technical and professional expertise to create and deliver sustainable solutions that benefit the global community as a whole. Today, AECOM has over 43,000 employees serving clients in more than 100 countries around the world. These people are the engine of our success. It is their skill and determination that generates the growth rates that characterize our business.

03 AECOM Annual Report 2008

President / Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's statement

Financial performance During FY08, which ended September 30, 2008, our revenue grew by 23 percent to a record US$5.2 billion. Operating income rose by 53 percent to US$239 million. Net income from continuing operations was US$146 million, up 46 percent. Earnings per share were US$1.40, an increase of 22 percent. At the close of the year, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of US$276 million. We were very successful at winning new projects that advanced our reputation as a global leader in professional technical services. Our total project wins exceeded US$6.3 billion, reflecting a 20 percent increase year-on-year. Our total backlog increased to more than US$8.6 billion, which equates to 1.7 years of FY08 revenue. Pursuing growth Our business model is based on the development of an organization that is diversified by end markets, funding sources and geographies, and the pursuit of a balanced combination of organic and acquisitive growth. A number of factors give us confidence that AECOM will continue to grow, even in a challenging economic environment. We are a global company with a broad geographic footprint and strong local ties, generating 80 percent of our work from repeat clients. Our strong organic growth is driven by a pipeline of large, well-funded projects. With excellent liquidity and a strong balance sheet, we are well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities as they emerge.

The Canadian market remains strong, especially in infrastructure and energy. We significantly strengthened our Canadian water, transportation and power businesses during 2008, and we anticipate that the country's infrastructure programs will provide us with long-term growth opportunities. The Canadian government intends to continue its capital spending through the current slowdown with a combined US$60 billion worth of infrastructure programs either in place or being proposed. In the U.K., construction activity in the private sector has been negatively impacted by the economic crisis, but public sector investment, accounting for more than 60 percent of our U.K. business, remains strong, particularly in the healthcare, education and environmental sectors. We are working on several major projects in the U.K., including the 2012 Olympics. In recent months, we have successfully moved work to the U.K. and temporarily re-assigned some U.K. staff to work on Middle East and North Africa projects. This load-shifting strategy is working well, demonstrating yet another benefit of our global approach. Our key markets in the Middle East are Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Qatar and ­ increasingly ­ Saudi Arabia. This region remains strongly committed to more than US$1.3 trillion in infrastructure projects as part of its economic diversification strategy. We recently won new facilities and transportation contracts worth more than US$350 million in the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. These projects include Saadiyat Island Cultural center in Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah Financial District, and Doha Port in Qatar. These three projects have an estimated construction cost of more than US$40 billion. The Middle East will continue to be a strong growth market for AECOM.

Diversification Our largest end market practices are transportation, facilities and environmental, which comprise 28, 26 and 22 percent of our business, respectively. The remaining 24 percent is split between government services (17 percent) and energy and power (7 percent). In North Africa, the Libyan infrastructure project in which we are This broad footprint gives AECOM a stable commercial foundation. currently engaged will generate nearly US$600 million in fees during the next five years for AECOM. We have been mobilizing staff to Libya Our funding sources are also well diversified across state, local, and will continue to increase staffing levels during 2009 and 2010. federal, non-U.S. government and private sources. During 2008, 64 percent of our global revenue came from government funding, In China, the economic outlook remains strong, with a forecasted of which 23 percent was attributable to the U.S. federal government, growth rate of over 8 percent in 2009. China clearly offers a large a solid source of infrastructure funding. number of untapped opportunities for AECOM, and our acquisition of CityMark gives us the necessary platform and local expertise to In response to the financial crisis, governments around the expand our presence and grow market share. world are considering stimulus packages valued at more than US$1 to $2 trillion. As these packages are approved and rolled out, In November 2008, the Chinese government announced a it is likely that infrastructure spending will increase globally. US$586-billion stimulus program. A significant amount of this money is expected to be spent on infrastructure projects. Global markets We continued to expand our presence in key markets around the In Hong Kong, we continue to build market share. We have recently world, generating higher revenues for our stakeholders and helping won five key transit projects, as well as the city's 2030 airport master our clients to achieve their goals. plan. Looking ahead, the Hong Kong government has announced its Despite challenging financial markets in North America, we did not experience a material impact on our business results. In fact, our backlog in the United States and Canada has grown significantly. We anticipate that this strong backlog, which includes several multi-year mega-projects, will sustain our forecasted growth through any nearterm economic slowdown. The U.S. election in November 2008 produced good news for AECOM, as voters approved more than US$54 billion of state/local bond issues, and over US$60 billion of tax measures. We expect that a large portion of this money will be used to fund infrastructure projects in transportation, healthcare and environmental work in markets and geographies where we have a well-established presence. In addition, we anticipate that the U.S. economic stimulus and infrastructure packages will be focused on the type of programs that are at the core of our expertise and experience. intention to launch new infrastructure projects valued at approximately US$32 billion in the coming years. We are well positioned to win our fair share of this work.

Our business in Australia remains strong, particularly in water, mining and transportation. The economic engine in Australia is being fueled by the US$15-billion Build Australia Fund, which will invest in capital projects in the transportation, environmental and facilities sectors, where we are a major player.

04 AECOM Annual Report 2008

President / Chief Executive Officer and Chairman's statement

Mergers & acquisitions Strategic acquisitions have been a key driver of our growth. During FY08, we concluded 10 strategic acquisitions. Five of these acquisitions expanded our facilities business line in Asia and North America, with a particular focus on Canada. Three acquisitions, including Earth Tech, strengthened our environmental and transportation position in North America. We also acquired Tecsult, a Canadian firm, which gave us significant hydro-electric expertise that we intend to expand globally. We continue to target acquisition opportunities that will enhance our market share and provide access to new markets. Our acquisition priorities include energy/power and government services companies. Geographic priorities include Western and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, India and China. The AECOM culture AECOM is a people business. To maintain our position as a global market leader, we have to create a great work environment that truly engages our people. We actively pursue this concept by investing in areas that matter most to our employees. This includes creating career and professional development opportunities for our people. Over the past year, we have continued to evolve the AECOM organizational structure to create a more agile and client-focused company that can better serve our clients' needs and adapt to a rapidly changing marketplace. We also laid the groundwork for a FY09 initiative to strengthen and build the AECOM brand globally. AECOM's commitment to corporate social responsibility is reflected in our purpose statement: to enhance and sustain the world's built, natural and social environments. As professionals, our people play a defining role in shaping the communities in which we live and work. As global citizens, we are committed to giving something back to our communities. Through the efforts of the AECOM Community Trust as well as the active involvement of our people in philanthropic and community projects around the world, we are striving to make a positive difference in our world. Corporate governance AECOM continues to be guided by a value system that emphasizes integrity and trust at all levels of the organization, shaped by a framework of policies and practices to ensure that the company is managed in our shareholders' best interests. This year we validated our existing control structure which will form a solid foundation on which we will create an even stronger system of operational and financial controls. We also updated the AECOM Code of Conduct which reflects our collective commitment to conducting our business in accordance with the highest standards of business ethics and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

Conclusion During the past 18 years, our business model and strategies have enabled us to grow our revenues by more than 20 percent annually, achieving an even balance between U.S. and non-U.S. sources. We recognize that it is the professional and technical skills of AECOM people all around the world that have enabled us to achieve our success. We'd like to take this opportunity to thank them for their commitment, dedication and hard work. We remain committed to recruiting and retaining the best talent, and deploying their skills to best advantage. The combination of our strong cash flow from operations, solid balance sheet and healthy backlog gives us confidence that we can continue to execute our business plan in the years ahead. We will continue to build market share by leveraging our existing client relationships to win new projects, and pursue our goal of delivering sustainable solutions across our entire business. We feel positive about our position in the market, as the fundamentals of the AECOM business model remain strong. We have an excellent team that is positioned for continued success by winning new projects, delivering world-class levels of service to our clients, and looking after the interests of our people. Thank you for your interest in AECOM ­ a company focused on being recognized as the true global leader of professional services by our clients, the place to grow professionally by employees, and a valuable investment by our shareholders.

John M. Dionisio President and Chief Executive Officer

Richard G. Newman Chairman

