AECOM Annual Report 2007 04

Business review Chairman and President / Chief Executive Officer's statement

Welcome to AECOM's first annual report as a publicly traded company. Our initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange on May 10 was a historic milestone in AECOM's evolution. The success of our IPO represented public and financial community recognition of what we have achieved since AECOM was formed as an independent company in 1990. Clearly, our long and proven track record of delivering value through a healthy combination of organic and acquisitive growth has resonated with the investment community. While the IPO changed our corporate ownership structure, it has not changed the business model, strategy or culture that have enabled AECOM to become a global leader in professional technical and management support services. We continue to create shareholder value by delivering to our clients a unique combination of technical expertise and thought leadership, while leveraging a global footprint that differentiates us in the marketplace. During the year, we achieved strong organic growth, while also welcoming twelve new companies into the AECOM family via our M&A strategy. Our acquisitions during fiscal year 2007 significantly strengthened our positions in Canada, China and Australia. We also augmented our presence in the U.S., particularly in the Midwest and Southeast regions.

A diversified organization Diversification is a key component of our business model. AECOM's unique diversification ­ by end markets; by our global footprint; by our technical skills; and by our healthy balance of organic and acquisitive growth ­ positions our company well to seize growth opportunities and mitigate potential risk. For AECOM clients, diversification fosters our ability to deliver exceptional depth and breadth of global technical expertise on a local basis. The ever-expanding scope of the types of projects we undertake also benefits AECOM professionals, who are able to work on exciting and professionally fulfilling iconic projects within AECOM's diverse portfolio of work. AECOM reports its business results in two segments. Professional Technical Services (PTS) provides architectural, engineering, planning, design, program management, and construction management services. Management Support Services (MSS) provides outsourcing and logistical support services, primarily to U.S. government agencies. We serve a broad range of public and private clients spanning the facilities, transportation, environmental, energy, mining and government agency markets. Within these areas, we deliver an extensive range of services from infrastructure design to sustainable development, from transportation planning to major transit program management, from environmental permitting for energy companies to remediation of contaminated sites, from master planning to architecture and building engineering for major facilities. Geographically, our operations now span more than 60 countries, with revenue split evenly between U.S. and non-U.S. work.

John M. Dionisio, President and Chief Executive Officer Richard G. Newman, Chairman (right)

"Our initial public offering (IPO) on the New York Stock Exchange on May10 was a historic milestone in AECOM's evolution."

Financial performance In fiscal year 2007, which ended September 30, our revenue grew by 24.0 percent to $4.2 billion and our net earnings increased by 86.8 percent to $100.3 million. For the year, we delivered cash flow from operations of $137 million, an increase of 13.4 percent year over year. Our total backlog ­ work for which we have a signed contract (contract backlog) plus those projects for which we have been selected and are awaiting signature ­ increased to more than $6 billion. These results represent a continuation of the solid performance we have historically delivered, reflecting the company's ability to execute its business strategy effectively and deliver consistent growth during each of the last 18 years.

AECOM Annual Report 2007 05

Business review Chairman and President / Chief Executive Officer's statement

Global opportunities The world is currently facing serious challenges. Climate change is forcing entire industries to adopt new business models. Developed countries are recognizing that they have a collective responsibility to protect the environment from harmful emissions. Globally, accelerated urbanization is threatening existing energy, water and transportation infrastructure. Growing countries need new infrastructure, while established economies are realizing that they have a duty to renew aging national infrastructure. Our work brings us face to face with these global issues ­ and we welcome the challenge. Our skills as architects, engineers, planners, consultants and project managers are in high demand as we look to develop innovative, cost-effective and sustainable solutions to these problems.

Engineering News-Record ranks AECOM as the No.1 pure design firm in the professional and technical services sector, as well as the consultancy with a broad global footprint. The scale and scope of our professional expertise, combined with our global reach, give us the opportunity to undertake any project or contract that we pursue around the world.

We would like to thank Lee Stern for his contribution as an independent director of AECOM. Mr. Stern, a Managing Director of GSO Capital Partners, resigned his position in September due to his other substantial business commitments. We would also like to thank all of the members of AECOM's Board of Directors for their support and guidance, which has contributed to our continued success.

Corporate social responsibility As part of our commitment to give something back to the communities in which we work, AECOM donates approximately two percent of net profit to projects and causes that benefit society and local communities. In addition to our corporate financial commitment, our people are actively involved in charitable and community projects around the world, and we are glad to provide a structure and funding system to encourage these efforts. Corporate governance Throughout its history, AECOM has been guided by a value system that emphasizes integrity and trust at all levels of the organization, shaped by a framework of policies and practices to ensure that the company is managed in our shareholders' best interests. In addition, we are committed to upholding sound principles of corporate governance and to meeting the requirements of federal and state law and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. AECOM's Board of Directors comprises renowned thought leaders and experts who are well respected for their accomplishments as well as their values. During fiscal year 2007, Norman Y . Mineta, former Secretary of the U.S. Department of Transportation under President George W. Bush, and former Secretary of the U.S. Department of Commerce, under President Bill Clinton, joined the AECOM Board of Directors. The appointment of Secretary Mineta as an independent director provides an additional source of strategic advice that will significantly strengthen the Company. Early in fiscal year 2007, John Downer retired from the Board after over six years of invaluable service. We thank him for his contribution to AECOM's growth.

Our future AECOM is a global company capable of delivering its services locally throughout the world. We have a strong management team, a highly qualified and motivated workforce, a well-balanced portfolio of projects, and a broad mix of public and private clients on seven continents.

Employee engagement AECOM, which was originally formed by its own employees, has always been a company focused on its people ­ because we recognize that our future is dependent on our ability to attract and retain skilled professionals. The results of our first global employee survey showed that our employees ranked AECOM highly in the areas of leadership, communication, teamwork and collaboration when measured against the relevant benchmarks. These findings are already helping us to shape employee engagement strategies for the future.

Our business model of diversification in terms of end markets, global footprint and client base ­ combined with a healthy balance of organic and acquisitive growth ­ has proved to be consistently successful. The future for AECOM is exciting ­ for our clients, for our employees, and for our shareholders.

Richard G. Newman Chairman

Client focus As a service organization, it is vital that we maintain our focus on clients. In practice, this means consistently delivering solutions that meet or exceed our clients' expectations, both in terms of responsiveness and technical excellence. It also means adhering to the highest standards of integrity, sharing global best practices, adapting to change, and pursuing innovation. These factors enable us to differentiate AECOM in all of our global markets.

John M. Dionisio President and Chief Executive Officer

