DEAR FELLOW SHAREOWNERS,
For ADC, 2007 was an exciting year where we delivered
on our commitments of competitive transformation and
operating earnings momentum. Strategically, we took
steps to better position ADC for global fiber infrastruc-
ture leadership, growth in a new generation of wireless
capacity and coverage solutions and expansion in devel-
oping country markets. In addition, through our com-
petitive transformation initiatives to improve our customers’ experiences while increasing our prof- itability, we enhanced our market position while substantially growing operating profits and cash provided by continuing operations. We also demonstrated the ability to leverage our operating model when our business units deliver higher sales volumes in the future.
 COMPETITIVE TRANSFORMATION GROWS OPERATING PROFITS AND CASH FLOW
Our sales of $1.3 billion grew 3% in 2007 compared to 2006, yet our operating income grew 44% to $68 mil- lion and our cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations grew 63% to $153 million in the same comparable period. Continuing merger consolida- tion and integration activities among some of our key communications service provider customers contributed to a reduction in the overall sales growth rate of both ADC and our peers in 2007 compared to recent years. Despite this fact, we experienced much higher growth rates in the strategic growth areas of our business — fiber connectivity sales grew 13%, wireless sales grew 34% and enterprise connectivity sales grew 8%. These areas offset the slower growth rates in some of our core legacy product lines — copper connectivity sales declined 5% and, as expected, high-bit rate digital subscriber line sales declined 17%. We will continue to invest resources for research and development, as well as go-to-market initiatives and acquisitions, in the fast-growing fiber con- nectivity, wireless and enterprise areas of ADC.
Positioning ourselves to capture the many opportuni-
ties that lie ahead, we worked aggressively in 2007 on our competitive transformation initiative — a multiyear program designed to achieve significant competitive advantages, establish cost leadership in our businesses and allow us to serve our customers better. This initiative
4
Robert E.
(Bob) Switz
President and
Chief Executive Officer
was a significant factor in improving our gross margins to 33.5% in 2007 compared to 32.2% in 2006.
As part of our competitive transformation, we are con- tinuing to implement the following important measures to expand upon the momentum we achieved in 2007:
• migrating sales volume to customer-preferred, leading
technology products and retiring end-of-life products; • improving our customers’ ordering experience
through a faster, simpler and more efficient inquiry-to-
invoice process;
• redesigning product lines to gain efficiencies from
the use of more common components and improve
customization;
• increasing direct material savings through strategic
global sourcing;
• improving cash flow from supplier-managed inventory
and lead-time reduction programs;
• relocating certain manufacturing, engineering and
other operations from higher-cost geographic areas to
lower-cost areas; and
• focusing our resources on core operations and, where
appropriate, using third parties to perform non-core processes.
ADC GROWS AS NETWORKS CHANGE AND EVOLVE
The entire company remains focused on our strategic effort to build ADC’s long-term value and become a leading global network infrastructure company. We
 Global Reports LLC

grow by bringing our worldwide customers reliable, cost-effective solutions that deliver high bandwidth and valued content to their residential, business and mobile subscribers. As our communications service provider and enterprise customers build and upgrade their broadband and high-speed Ethernet networks, ADC supplies the needed wireline and wireless connectivity for video, data and voice communications infrastructure.
Networks are evolving to provide broadband content over any connection in any place and consolidate wireline and wireless services through a single provider. With this evolution, new equipment is being connected to new and existing networks in innovative ways. ADC’s com- prehensive network infrastructure solutions are used from network service offices through outside networks and into business enterprises. We have tremendous opportu- nities to deploy our connectivity products as video, data and voice services converge in the wireline and wireless networks of communications service providers and busi- ness enterprises. We also have opportunities to provide our connectivity solutions when networks are intercon- nected in the numerous mergers and consolidations of long distance wired, local wired and wireless telephone companies.
ADC’s 2007 GROWTH HIGHLIGHTS
Throughout the year, we were very successful in providing product solutions to most of the major service providers and to hundreds of our other customers. Our solutions are tailored to meet the needs of each customer’s particu- lar network with reduced installation costs, cost-effective reliability and innovative design.
In 2007, communications networks in the United States were upgraded with our fiber connectivity solutions to support deployments in both fiber-to-the-x (FTTX) — for residential high-speed data and video services — and high-capacity data centers — to serve business, resi- dential and wireless subscribers. Similarly, our copper connectivity solutions were used to support wireless in- frastructure providing data services and to upgrade cable and telephone networks offering video services.
Our enterprise connectivity solutions were deployed to provide high-speed Ethernet and data center solutions in new buildings worldwide. Digivance®, our wireless coverage and capacity solution, continued its deploy-
ments with existing customers. With deep experience in multivendor, multitechnology and multiservice networks, our professional services’ increasingly were involved in the build out of fiber optic networks for business communi- cations.
Internationally, we also made significant progress. Results in 2007 were especially strong in the Asia-Pacific region, where sales of fiber and copper connectivity solutions for network service offices, as well as our enterprise connec- tivity products, experienced significant growth.
LONG-TERM GROWTH POTENTIAL IN GLOBAL NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE
The success that we generated in 2007 — along with
the investments that we made to transform our business competitively — have positioned us to achieve our long- term goal of becoming the leading network infrastructure company in the world. ADC will successfully achieve this goal by continuing to anticipate and pursue the growth opportunities created by the industry’s migration to next- generation networks. Leveraging the strong foundation that we have established over the past year, we are focus- ing on the following three strategic growth areas:
1 - Global fiber connectivity leadership.
We are taking aggressive steps to bolster our leadership position as a provider of high-performance fiber connec- tivity solutions. Across the globe, deployments of fiber- intensive broadband networks are accelerating to meet market demand for enhanced communications services. To meet these demands, network operators increasingly are installing fiber optic lines beyond the network service office and closer to the subscribers of communications services. Fiber optic lines deployed directly to a home or business can provide Internet speeds in excess of 1 giga- bit-per-second. To put this into perspective, that gigabit speed permits the download of a feature-length movie in less than eight seconds. With a comparable 1.5 megabit DSL connection, the same movie would take more than an hour to download.
ADC has a strong market position worldwide for the infrastructure that supports these fiber-intensive deploy- ments. We enjoy excellent customer relationships with nearly every major wired service provider in the world and increasingly are selling fiber connectivity solutions to wire- less service providers, cable operators and large business
 Global Reports LLC
5

 enterprises. Our leadership posture with these blue-chip companies positions us to be a global fiber connectivity leader in the future.
2 - New wireless capacity and coverage solutions.
We are positioned to grow our next generation products to address problems with coverage (signal strength) and capacity (sufficient network resources for the desired service) that wireless network operators wish to improve. All of us are familiar with the frustration of being in
a location where there is no wireless signal when we need to make a call. And those of us who have wireless devices that can transmit emails or access the Internet know the frustration of having a signal but being unable to access a data channel to send or receive messages. Our solutions are focused on solving these problems for several areas that are more prone to coverage and capac- ity issues in buildings, public sites such as campuses and outdoor venues, and hard-to-serve areas like tunnels, islands and canyons.
In 2007, we moved aggressively on two fronts to ad- vance our wireless coverage and capacity solutions. First, our research and development efforts resulted in the release of our new FlexWaveTM solution that uses small, compact radio transmitters that utilize the Internet to cost effectively provide coverage and capacity where it is needed. Second, in November 2007 we acquired LGC Wireless, a global leader in wireless coverage and capac- ity solutions for large buildings and other hard to serve areas. This strategic acquisition more than doubles our wireless product sales and greatly expands our go-to- market team globally for these solutions. The in-building wireless market is estimated to be $1.6 billion in 2007 and is expected to grow to $2.9 billion in 2010 — a 23% compound growth rate.
3 - Growth in developing country markets.
We are poised to accelerate our sales growth and lever- age our operations in developing country markets. In January 2008, we acquired Century Man Communica- tion, a leading provider of connectivity distribution frame solutions in China. This acquisition significantly increases our go-to-market resources in China, expands our mar- ket product offerings, enhances our low-cost manufac- turing capabilities and provides us a with a price and fea- ture competitive platform for gaining sales in China and other developing markets. Developing countries in Asia,
6
Eastern Europe, Latin America and Africa are important to ADC as these areas are investing in communications infrastructure at higher rates than developed countries to meet significant demand for communications services. In many cases, these countries need products designed for their unique application and installation requirements.
As a result, we are investing in research and develop- ment, as well as examining potential acquisitions that can capture the strong potential of faster growing mar- kets outside the United States and Western Europe.
OUR GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES IN 2008
We expect to grow sales and operating income in 2008 at or above the average rate globally for our industry for several key reasons. First, we anticipate that normal- ized spending patterns will resume in 2008 when the merger integration among some of our key customers
is completed. Second, we believe that we are very well positioned to grow our market share in the fiber, cop- per and enterprise connectivity markets, as well as in wireless capacity and coverage solutions and developing country markets. The combination of these sales growth expectations and our continued efforts to transform our operations toward competitive global leadership drives our belief that we can grow operating income in 2008 at a rate faster than sales. Ultimately, delivering these kinds of results will lead to meeting our commitment to grow long-term shareowner value.
On behalf of the entire ADC board of directors, I thank you, our shareowners, for your continued support of ADC’s strategic plan to build long-term value by execut- ing our vision of becoming the global leader in network infrastructure. I also thank our customers for the privi- lege of helping them reach their goals with our innova- tive network infrastructure products and services. And finally, I want to express my appreciation to ADC’s highly talented employees for the passion and dedication that they demonstrate everyday in serving our customers and achieving our business objectives.
Robert E. Switz
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Global Reports LLC
