  Dear Fellow Shareowners,
ADC delivered a
solid year in 2008 despite substantial headwinds from an increasingly challenging global macroeconomic environment.
In fact, there were many highlights across our business this past year that give us confidence that we enter 2009 well prepared to face the uncertainties that lie ahead.
 Robert E. (Bob) Switz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6

 Given the weakening economy, perhaps our most important accomplishment in 2008 was our ability to further strengthen the company’s balance sheet. We begin the new fiscal year with $631 million in cash, after generating operating cash flows of $174 million in fiscal 2008.
Sales of $1.46 billion grew 14% in 2008 compared to 2007. This success leaves us well poised for the future and also merits a look back at our results over the past five years. Since 2003, we have been building ADC as a leading global fiber and wireless growth company by establishing many market leading po- sitions within our industry. During this time period, ADC has among the best growth rates in the com- munications equipment industry. For the five-year pe- riod ending with fiscal 2008 our compound annual growth rate was approximately 22% in sales and ap- proximately 36% in operating cash flows.
These results demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy to position ADC in the high growth segments of fiber-based and wireless communications networks. This is where our customers worldwide are investing in the infrastructure that delivers broad- band services to business, residential and mobile subscribers. ADC’s more than 10,000 employees worldwide are focused on becoming the preferred infrastructure partner for broadband information networks by delivering quality and value to our cus- tomers. Based on our experience, knowledge, prod- ucts and services, our customers look to us for the best way to plan, execute and scale next-generation networks cost effectively.
STRONG FINANCIAL POSITION
Over the past several years, we have built and remained committed to maintaining a strong financial position with ample liquidity, allowing us to maintain operational and strategic flexibility. We believe this strong financial position provides us with a competitive strength and makes ADC a valued company to work with in these uncertain times.
Over the past year, the stock market experienced one of its worst periods in history, resulting in the significant decline of many companies’ share prices, including ADC’s. Based on our strong financial growth, our high confidence in the long-term potential of our business and our commitment to maximize shareholder value, we launched a $150 million share repurchase program during our third fiscal quarter. We executed the program from September through early December 2008, buying back approximately 21.3 million shares, or approximately 18% of our outstanding common stock at an average cost of $7.04.
With a secure foundation of leading market positions and a solid balance sheet, ADC is well poised to build on its strong position in the global network infrastruc- ture market. Despite the challenging macroeconomic and industry environments, we plan to continue making focused investments for long-term growth in our fiber, wireless and enterprise businesses in target markets and geographies.
ACTIONS TO REALIZE OUR LONG-TERM GROWTH POTENTIAL
Our belief in ADC’s continued long-term growth potential can be attributed to the unrelenting global demand for broadband capacity. Wherever subscribers need increased bandwidth, whether it is from wireline or wireless carriers, cable TV operators, municipalities
7

 or large business customers, ADC not only is creating the products to build the next-generation networks but we have the experience, knowledge and services to help our customers successfully design and deploy these networks.
One high-profile example of how ADC solutions are deployed to meet the needs of high-bandwidth, next-generation networks was the use of our fiber connectivity and wireless coverage products at both the Democratic and Republican National Conventions. The intense voice and data bandwidth needs of the tens of thousands of visitors at those conventions were served by ADC fiber and wireless solutions. This is a great illustration of how ADC is positioned for future success in a world demanding expanding broadband anytime, anywhere.
While we presently expect lower revenues in fiscal year 2009 based upon declining industry forecasts, we are taking necessary measures to better align our business with the needs of our global customer base and to deliver strong operating earnings and cash flows to our shareowners during these challenging times.
As we entered fiscal 2009, we took significant steps to restructure our business with plans to divest our European professional services business and to discontinue certain unprofitable, legacy outdoor-wireless products in our network solutions business. We streamlined the organizational structure of our global connectivity solutions business to better align with customer needs and marketplace trends and to reduce costs. Additional changes were made to ADC’s global go-to- market organization, as well as general and administrative support areas in order to reduce costs and improve organizational efficiency. These restructuring efforts included reductions in ADC’s workforce, most of which took place in
North America. Collectively, these actions were designed to reduce costs, improve profitability and ensure alignment with our target markets. We are confident that these efforts will enable ADC to gain an even sharper strategic focus on the high-growth areas of our business going forward.
STRATEGIC GROWTH INITIATIVES
We remain focused on our four long-term strategic growth initiatives:
• Fiber connectivity throughout the network;
• Wireless capacity and coverage;
• Rapidly-growing markets outside of the United States;
• Competitive transformation.
1 – Fiber connectivity throughout the network.
Much of our long-term growth potential can be attributed to continued momentum in our fiber business. In 2008, we grew our sales of global fiber connectivity solutions more than 15% due to growth in central office, data center and outside plant deployments. Wherever fiber is being deployed in next- generation networks, ADC is playing an important role.
Wired and wireless carriers and cable TV operators are pushing fiber deeper into their networks to offer a “quadruple- play” of video, data, voice and wireless services. ADC is a leading strategic partner in major fiber-to-the-premise networks with over 350 customers and an estimated 11 million homes passed with ADC equipment, including central office, outside plant and multiple dwelling unit (MDU) solutions. The world’s leading carriers are looking to leverage ADC’s fiber connectivity experience, knowledge, products and services to help them deliver high-bandwidth services to their customers. In 2008,
 8

 trials of ADC’s FTTX solutions were initiated with carriers in Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Data centers are another high-growth fiber area for ADC where facility consolidation is driving a need for high-end structured cabling. ADC is a leader in data center cabling infrastructure solutions and will benefit from the market shift toward higher-end ca- bling solutions like augmented Category 6 and fiber optics. As a result, we believe the potential growth in this market is very attractive.
Going forward, ADC will focus on expanding our market-leading fiber connectivity positions with the world’s leading carriers, enterprises and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).
2 – Wireless capacity and coverage.
Our microcellular wireless capacity and coverage solutions are meeting the challenges our customers are facing in their macrocellular networks and continue to be trialed and deployed successfully around the globe. ADC provides a complete portfolio of cost- effective and ubiquitous solutions for coverage, capacity and backhaul using Internet Protocol (IP) networking in and around buildings.
In 2008, ADC’s Network Solutions business unit’s wireless sales increased to $170 million, including $98 million of sales resulting from the LGC Wireless acquisition. The acquisition of LGC met or exceeded its objectives throughout 2008 and has fueled ADC’s network solution’s growth. This business achieved strong growth in each of the North American, Asia Pacific, European and Middle Eastern markets during 2008.
With more than 11,000 systems shipped to more than 140 countries, ADC is one of the market leaders in active in-building distributed antenna systems (DAS) and outdoor pure digital distributed antenna systems. We have completed installations at nine of the Fortune 10 and 56 of the Fortune 100 companies. In fact, three of the largest U.S. wireless operators use ADC systems in their headquarters.
Globally, the number of worldwide mobile phone subscribers is forecast to reach over four billion by 2010, the number of global cell sites worldwide is estimated to increase by 50% in the next three to five years, and the bandwidth required for these cell sites is expected to increase tenfold due to smart phones and mobile broadband applications. Given these expectations, we remain more convinced than ever that our investment in our IP-RAN wireless capacity and coverage solutions will deliver profitable growth for ADC.
3 – Rapidly-growing markets outside of the United States.
We continue to develop ADC successfully as a global company, again experiencing strong international growth in 2008. Sales outside of the United States were $594 million, or 41% of total ADC sales during the year, an increase of 26% compared to 2007. For the five-year period ending with fiscal 2008, our compound annual growth rate for sales outside the United States was approximately 37%.
Our broadening revenue base is demonstrating the successful diversification of ADC’s business as we grow in other geographies. While we expect lower international revenues in 2009 due to the combina- tion of global economic weakness and the strength- ening of the US dollar in late 2008, ADC’s success across the globe this past year positions us well for long-term international growth.
In the Europe, Middle East and Africa region (EMEA), we had a very good year. We believe that ADC is becoming recognized as a top provider of fiber and outside plant solutions in EMEA for our capabilities in passive infrastructure with next gen- eration network transformation projects that require our fiber and copper solutions. EMEA sales of $300 million in 2008 were up 24% year over year.
In the Asia Pacific region, sales totaling approxi- mately $187 million in 2008 were up a strong 38% compared to 2007. We are seeing particularly strong
9

 demand for connectivity solutions in the Pacific Rim countries and India.
Finally, Latin America’s robust growth is primarily driven by wireless 2G and 3G network builds, as well as wireline network demand. Latin America sales of $63 million increased 39% in 2008 compared to 2007.
4 – Competitive transformation.
We are committed to executing on our business priority of operational excellence, which we believe will drive low cost industry leadership and provides our customers with superior products and support. As a result, we are continuing our competitive transformation programs of product portfolio management, smart innovation/design, enhanced customer interactions, improved operational structure and processes, and integrated supply chain.
These programs have yielded significant cost savings to our operations throughout the last three fiscal years, which generate leverage in our operating model and help offset pricing pressures and unfavorable mixes in product sales that can have negative impacts on our operating results.
While our competitive transformation efforts have been fo- cused on our cost of sales over the past three years, we are now expanding the program to achieve operating expense efficiencies in every area of the company.
BUILDING LONG-TERM VALUE
In closing, I want to emphasize our strong focus on building ADC as a leading global fiber and wireless growth company that is positioned to achieve impressive financial results in the next five years just as we have delivered in the past five years. We expect to accomplish this by leveraging our financial strength and market- leading industry positions.
While there is no question that we are facing a difficult external environment in 2009, we are always adapting our business to ensure that we remain strong financially while continuing to grow in our target markets. The unrelenting global demand for bandwidth continues to offer strategic opportunities for ADC in the fastest-growing segments of our customers’ networks. We will continue to make targeted investments in these areas to improve our long-term growth potential and maximize shareholder value.
On behalf of the entire board of directors, I thank you, our shareowners, for your continued support of ADC’s strategy to build long-term value by executing our vision of becoming the global leader in network infrastructure. I also thank our customers worldwide for the opportunity to help them design, deploy and scale next-generation networks offering video, data, voice and wireless services to businesses and consumers.
Finally, I want to recognize ADC’s highly-talented employees for their focused efforts on our long-term goal of becoming the leading global infrastructure supplier for broadband networks. It is critically important that we continue working smartly and efficiently in managing and growing ADC through a continued focus on our customer relationships, and I appreciate your diligence in this challenging macroeconomic environment.
With an unwavering commitment to our customers, along with ADC’s strategic alignment with our industry’s high-growth markets and geographic opportunities, we are confident that we will further build upon our competitive strengths and deliver shareholder value for many years to come.
Robert E. Switz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  10
