  Dear Fellow Shareowners,
ADC enters fiscal 2010 ready to emerge from the severely weakened economic environment in a strong financial and competitive position.
While much uncertainty remains around the macroeconomy and within our industry, ADC is confident in the long-term demand for our fiber-based and wireless broadband network infrastructure solutions, as well as our ability to take the actions necessary to improve our financial results and shareowner value.
Robert E. (Bob) Switz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6

 In some ways, the global recession of the past year has presented challenges unlike anything we have faced before. However, as in prior dif- ficult times, ADC has been very effective navi- gating the course in front of us. We have main- tained a strong balance sheet that enabled us to get through the depths of the downturn. We also have taken aggressive measures to align our company with the realities of the marketplace, implementing dramatic changes to our organization and business model. This company-wide realignment effort is establish- ing operational efficiencies on a global basis that will create sustainable leveragability for the long term.
Collectively, these initiatives position ADC to compete more effectively in our areas of strategic focus and strengthen our financial outlook. Our improved performance as 2009 progressed and ability to generate meaningful cash for the year are evidence of the successful results that we have been able to achieve in a tough business environment. Our efforts to re- align our business operations and reduce costs are positioning us to improve ADC’s financial results further and increase our earnings poten- tial as we move forward.
No matter how uncertain the outlook for the global economy, the demand for broad- band is simply not going to diminish. While there are differing estimates on the number of global broadband users, most put the num- ber at over 500 million and growing. Rising demand in emerging markets and an overall increase in the use of online video and high- bandwidth applications remain very encour- aging and show that the use of high-speed Internet continues to grow – even during the global recession. Based on our innovative solu- tions and global market presence, we expect to continue capitalizing on the key market trends across our industry.
HIGHLIGHTS FROM A CHALLENGING YEAR
Looking back at a difficult 2009, it can be easy to lose sight of the progress we made as a com- pany. The reality is that we made gains in stra- tegic business markets and were highly effec- tive in transforming our business in a way that has maintained and built upon our strengths.
Strategically, we continued to build mo- mentum in our global fiber business that will enable ADC to capture growth opportunities in the years ahead. For example, our OmniReach® Rapid Fiber product has helped us establish a market-leading position in multiple-dwelling unit (MDU) applications and provides a solu- tion that will be critical for other high-density FTTH applications around the world. In addi- tion, we have secured spec positions for our fiber portfolio and participated in major FTTX trials worldwide. We also had a very good year in emerging markets, led by the performance of our Century Man brand in China where we doubled our connectivity business over the past year. And finally, we captured several large data center wins – domestically and abroad – in ver- tical markets where fiber is being deployed to help deliver essential network services for pub- lic and private enterprises.
On the wireless side of our business, we had strategic wins despite a significant fall off in spending globally. In fact, among enterpris- es and service providers in the United States, our business was relatively flat year-over-year. We also won several significant projects in Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, India and Kenya and introduced our FlexWaveTM Prism solution, a compact, multi-frequency distributed antenna system (DAS). Prism improves wireless network performance and eases service migration in outdoor locations and large venues, and makes such enhancements more cost-effective than ever before.
7

 Additionally, our Professional Services organization made substantial progress in returning to profitability this year, largely through strong efficiency improve- ments. This business is now making a positive contri- bution to our bottom line while maintaining a focus on delivering complete customer satisfaction on every job site.
And finally, in the face of a 20 percent decline in revenue, our margins remained stable due to actions we took in anticipation of the recession’s impact. We also maintained a strong liquidity position throughout the year, adding cash to our balance sheet in each of the last three quarters and implementing aggressive cost reduction initiatives that lowered our adjusted operating expenses by over $50 million compared to the previous year.
As we took measures to improve our per- formance amid the economy’s dramatic slide, ADC proved itself again to be nimble in dealing with a severe downturn – much like we did earlier this de- cade and just as we have done in previous times of great challenge for nearly 75 years. Over the course of 2009, we steadily improved our financial performance and made changes that give us confidence in our abil- ity to compete and win as we enter a new fiscal year.
ALIGNED WITH GLOBAL BROADBAND TRENDS
At ADC, we will continue to face the challenges the global recession has presented head-on while pursu- ing ongoing market opportunities in fiber-based and wireless networks. There is room for optimism in our industry for those like ADC who are well positioned to take advantage of key broadband market and tech- nology trends.
THE MIGRATION TO FTTX NETWORKS
As broadband becomes increasingly essential in our daily personal and business activities, enterprises and
consumers are demanding higher network speeds, better service and ubiquitous access. Whether deliver- ing broadband to homes, businesses, or cellular radio towers, fiber optics is the only technology able to sat- isfy bandwidth requirements today and long into the future. This demand will drive the need for high-qual- ity, next-generation fiber-to-the-X (FTTX) networks that ADC is able to help design and support around the world.
An estimated 11 million homes worldwide have been passed with ADC’s industry-leading fiber-to-the- home (FTTH) equipment, giving us the ability to help our customers maximize their network investments. We believe our technology innovations deliver signifi- cant competitive advantages by optimizing “plug-and- play” network design, which defers capital equipment expenditures, lowers operational costs, and aligns cost to revenue. Additionally, these capabilities groom the network for long-term growth, provide flexibility and reliability, and enhance customer satisfaction.
Based on our demonstrated ability to help tele- communications carriers build and deploy high-quality, economically-smart networks, we are participating in FTTX field trials and proof-of-concept studies both in Europe and emerging markets such as Latin America. We also anticipate that our strong position in China, largely due to our Century Man operations, will enable us to support the country’s planned, stimulus-support- ed FTTX build. In Australia, we foresee an opportunity with that government’s plan to bring broadband to every home through a National Broadband Network (NBN). Finally, with a strong heritage of supporting rural and municipal networks, ADC is working with our customers on ways the U.S. broadband stimulus program can drive their FTTX deployments.
MOBILE BROADBAND PROLIFERATION
In the U.S., fiber continues to be a key driver in pow-
 8

 ering the Mobile Internet and emerging 4G mobile broadband networks. To truly deliver on the promise of 4G, service providers likely will need to upgrade most cell sites to a fi- ber infrastructure over the next three-to-five years. Their number one priority is to expand bandwidth as quickly as possible by increasing cell-site capacity through fiber backhaul. ADC estimates that there are 200,000 cell sites in the U.S. alone, with less than 10 percent cur- rently fed by fiber. We expect most of these sites will require upgrades within the next few years due to the unabated demands of the Mobile Web.
Increasing reliance on the Mobile In- ternet also presents growth opportunities for ADC’s in-building wireless solutions. A reliable signal will be required to achieve the data rates necessary to support 4G services such as LTE and WiMAX. Furthermore, data usage most commonly occurs inside of buildings, where next-generation technology service suf- fers the most. ADC is a leader in this space and we anticipate our wireless technology will gain further traction as users demand better indoor coverage for wireless devices, such as smartphones and netbooks.
ADC’s in-building and outdoor wireless solutions are critical network access enablers as bandwidth-intensive applications drive the need to “split” large, macro cell sites into mi- crocellular networks to manage increased ca- pacity effectively. Smartphone users constitute an increasingly large group, with some stud- ies showing that device sales and data usage have more than doubled over the past year. This trend is impacted by the reliance on wire- less network infrastructure to support safety
and security applications, asset management and other applications that are streamlin- ing and improving the customer experience across multiple industries. As service providers respond by upgrading their network capabili- ties, further driving the smartphone explosion, they’ll be presented with new network ca- pacity challenges that ADC is poised to help solve.
DATA CENTER CONSOLIDATION
Just as ADC has done throughout the current economic downturn, many of our enterprise customers are seeking ways to consolidate operations and reduce costs. A key area of consolidation is within corporate data centers, which continue to present a strategic growth opportunity for ADC. While IT budgets remain tight and numerous large projects have been deferred, many enterprises are still investing in their data centers worldwide to meet looming migration challenges. To keep pace with grow- ing data transmission and application needs, data centers today are experiencing increased bandwidth and server requirements. ADC’s high-density fiber portfolio features best-in- class cable management and connector access to ensure unmatched performance and quality in today’s fiber-rich data centers.
In 2009, ADC had success with a num- ber of healthcare, university and government data center customers who continue spend- ing on high-quality solutions in this environ- ment. This includes large projects in Australia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the U.S. We also have been able to leverage our spec positions with multi-national companies to expand our data center business into other
9

 geographies. As the migration to fiber continues, our solutions are designed to provide the necessary performance and reliability to support flexible, glob- al enterprise networks that adapt to ever-changing communication needs.
FOCUSED ON CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
Within our own organization, ADC remains focused on driving continuous improvement so we can in- crease efficiency and deliver products and services more effectively to our customers worldwide. Spe- cifically, we have taken steps to improve productivity without incremental costs, shortened supply chain and cycle times for better customer service and in- ventory turns, and consolidated several manufactur- ing and support functions to sites in low-cost loca- tions.
Our improved efficiencies were recognized re- cently by a leading IT publication, InformationWeek, which ranked ADC 34th on the 2009 Information- Week 500 for innovative uses of business technol- ogy to execute on our strategic goal of streamlining operations. Specifically, we were recognized for our implementation of a virtualized environment for our data centers that reduced the number of servers by 53 percent and eliminated another 15 percent of new server purchases. Virtualization also reduced our overall data center power consumption by 25 per- cent, allowed us to realize a 20 percent reduction of our data center cooling systems, and, more impor- tantly, reduced our CO2 emissions by more than 1 million pounds.
The actions ADC is taking to become a leaner and more efficient organization are not simply exer- cises in cost-cutting or deferments. We believe these are sustainable improvements that will translate into ongoing operational leverage enabling us to capital- ize on the many long-term growth opportunities that are available. At ADC, our focus is on future growth. With a global recession that has shaken the economy,
our industry and our customers, we are concentrat- ing on leveraging the strengths of our products, mar- ket positions, and people as we work aggressively to compete and win in 2010.
On behalf of the entire board of directors, I thank you, our shareowners, for your continued sup- port of ADC’s strategy to build long-term value. Our strategic course is clear: we are solving network chal- lenges for carriers and enterprises globally and es- tablishing market leadership positions by leveraging our competitive advantages in executing our vision of becoming the global leader in fiber connectivity and wireless coverage and capacity solutions.
I also want to recognize ADC’s highly-talented employees for their focused efforts on our long-term goals. We made many difficult decisions this year to rise above the uncertain economic outlook and improve our financial results while still meeting and exceeding our customers’ expectations. As an ADC team member, you understand how critically impor- tant it is that we continue working smartly and ef- ficiently in managing and growing ADC through a sustained focus on our customers. I sincerely appreci- ate your continued dedication and diligence in this challenging macroeconomic environment.
At our core, ADC maintains a strong com- mitment to our customers and shareowners. Based on our strategic alignment with our industry’s high- growth markets and geographic opportunities, as well as an organization that is poised to leverage our transformed operations, we are confident that we will further build upon our competitive strengths and deliver shareholder value for the long term.
Robert E. Switz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  10
