2012 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders: Fiscal 2012 was a good year for ADI despite the difficult and uncertain economy that affected much of the semiconductor industry. Reductions in capital spending for industrial and infrastructure equipment, which is the primary driver of our business, resulted in our revenue declining from 2011 levels. Nevertheless, where there was opportunity to be captured and focus to be gained, we did so, generating $2.7 billion in revenue, 64.5% gross margins, operating cash flow of more than $800 million, or 30% of revenue, and free cash flow of $682 million, or 25% of revenue. During 2012, we returned over $500 million to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. As a result of this performance and increasing confidence in our long-term prospects, our total shareholder return was 10% for the year -- at the high end of our peer group.1 In cyclical industries, such as ours, we continue to believe that clarity of purpose and strategic intent are critical to long-term success. Our mission has remained the same over many years: to be the world's best signal processing company. By providing game changing technology to our customers and ensuring world-class service and quality, we remain the preferred partner to the most innovative customers in the markets we serve. We focus on markets, customers, and applications that have the potential to grow faster than the aggregate semiconductor market. We consistently generate strong profitability and cash flow to enhance shareholder returns, despite industry volatility. And, most importantly, we have created an environment at ADI where the most talented engineers can explore new ideas and train under the most knowledgeable and respected mentors, many of whom enjoy international recognition. This model has worked well for us for over 45 years, allowing us to accumulate organizational experience and a portfolio of proprietary high performance signal processing technology that has created one of the most profitable franchises in the semiconductor industry. We will continue to follow this approach in the future. Organizational focus and renewal are as important as clarity of purpose and strategic intent in ensuring continuing high performance at ADI. During 2012, we promoted Vince Roche to President of ADI, reporting to me, ADI's CEO. Vince is an extraordinarily talented executive with whom I have worked closely for many years. He knows our business well, has a good blend of technology and market insight, and has been instrumental in building relationships and partnerships with our largest customers around the world. In this new role, Vince has responsibility for all product development, sales, marketing, and business development, which will provide better alignment of our technology and resource allocation with customer and market needs. Vince has set very aggressive goals for raising investment returns at ADI by better focusing our innovation process, and I am confident that he will lead his organization to achieve these objectives. We also promoted several other long-term ADI executives to take on increased organizational responsibility. Robbie McAdam now leads our market segment strategies and organization and Dick Meaney leads all product development resources worldwide. We also promoted Thomas Wessel, formerly our head of European sales and the automotive segment, to Vice President of Worldwide Sales. These executives, together with the rest of our executive leadership team, have the collective vision and experience to lead ADI to the next level of performance, and we are all invigorated to make that happen. A proven strategy, a clear sense of purpose, and strong and experienced leadership are key advantages for ADI in a semiconductor industry that continues to evolve at a rapid pace. In fact, I believe it will be the companies that can focus on the best opportunities, and whose people innovate and create real value for customers, that will continue to prosper and, by earning good returns, will be able to afford to continue to invest heavily in the development of new technology. Even within the high performance analog market, which has been a very stable market for many years, competitive strategies have begun to diverge much more than in the past. Only ADI has both the breadth of technology and the integration capability required by the largest customers, while simultaneously maintaining the best brand with tens of thousands of customers around the world. While we are a key partner to the largest customers, we typically supply these customers with hundreds of unique products. This broad and diversified customer base gives us an enviable strength and stability: in fiscal 2012, our largest single customer represented only 3% of our revenue; we sold over 10,000 unique products to our customer base; no single product comprised more than a few percent of our sales; and our 10 highest revenue products, in aggregate, accounted for only 9% of our revenue for the year. Our market leading converter technology remains the critical bridge between the analog and digital worlds and is the starting point for most highly integrated signal processing systems. Our radio frequency and other linear components, MEMS, power, and DSP portfolio are the right technologies for the next decade in the highest growth applications. These technologies provide the building blocks that allow our customers to innovate in sensing, conditioning, conversion, and processing. These are key enablers of diverse applications, such as smart energy grids and smartphones, advanced automotive safety and fuel efficiency systems, high bandwidth communications, nonintrusive medical diagnostics and patient monitoring, and robotics and industrial controls in the factories of the future. Despite all the economic uncertainty and challenges, we are more enthusiastic than ever before about ADI's prospects for the future. We continue to out-innovate our competition, have built important strategic relationships with the market share leaders in our customer base, and have the enthusiastic support of all our employees around the world who continue to believe that ADI is the best company at which to build their careers. While we have accomplished a great deal over many years, there is so much more to do to make ADI an even better company in the future and to add to your returns as an ADI shareholder. And I am happy to report to you that we have the capability and the will to do just that. Sincerely,

Jerald G. Fishman Chief Executive Officer

1

Total shareholder return equals year-over-year price appreciation plus cash dividends paid as of October 31, 2012. ADI peer group is listed in the 2013 Proxy Statement.

