2010 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders:
Fiscal year 2010 was a year of significant achievement for Analog Devices across every dimension. We delivered record revenue, profitability, and cash flow, became an even more focused and competitive company, and excelled at meeting our customers' needs for innovation, quality, and service. Most importantly, the key factors that drove ADI's success this past year have coalesced into a strong foundation for the execution of our strategic priorities for 2011, as I will describe in this letter.

Optimized Operations
Throughout the fiscal year, we took a series of steps to structure our operations such that we could "capture the upside while protecting against the downside." Capturing the upside is about capitalizing on key strategic opportunities and ensuring that we deliver the right products to our customers, at the right time and the right cost, with high levels of service and support. In fiscal 2010, we executed well in all these areas and our new organizational structure, which fundamentally reorganized ADI into market groups in addition to product groups, played an integral role in this success. Specifically, this structure has increased our alignment with customers and heightened our understanding of their applications and system architectures, thereby enabling us to provide more complete solutions and further focus our investments on the most strategically relevant opportunities. As a result of this new structure and key actions we have taken over the last few years to rebalance our product portfolio, we now have a better mix of businesses than ever before.

A New Business Model
In fiscal 2010, we also continued to implement a lower, more variable cost structure that not only optimizes our profitability under favorable market conditions, but also affords us considerable downside protection if the market turns negative. Over the last couple of years, we have significantly lowered our fixed costs by consolidating two wafer fabrication locations, reducing overhead costs across the company, and instituting a performance incentive plan that is very reactive to business conditions and our success in achieving our goals. As a result, variable costs now represent a larger portion of our operating expenses, providing us with much greater flexibility to modulate spending in response to changing market dynamics. This allows us to protect against the downside, which we believe will continue to be an important competitive advantage for ADI moving forward.

2010 Results: Evidence of the Model's Effectiveness
All of our efforts to fundamentally and permanently improve our business model during the last couple of years came together during 2010 to produce impressive results. ADI's revenue grew 37% to $2.8 billion in 2010, as we capitalized on the upswing in the market with our optimized structure and product portfolio. Our sales growth was broad-based across all product lines, end markets, and geographies. We also kept lead times short throughout the year, truly distinguishing ADI in the semiconductor industry. We continued to prove ourselves to be one of the industry's most reliable suppliers -- an important competitive advantage not only in the short term, but also for the future as our customers make longer term vendor selections.
Revenue ($M) $800
$770

FY2010 Revenue and Diluted EPS From Continuing Operations

Diluted EPS ($) $0.80

$700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 $0 1Q10 2Q10
$0.39 $668 $603 $0.55

$720 $0.65

$0.73

$0.70 $0.60 $0.50 $0.40 $0.30 $0.20 $0.10 $0.00

3Q10

4Q10

President's Letter
During fiscal 2010, ADI also achieved excellent gains in profitability. Gross margin for the year was 65.2% of revenue, up from 55.5% in fiscal 2009, due in large part to strong sales growth, a better product mix, lower manufacturing costs, and increased factory utilization. ADI generated operating income from continuing operations of $900 million, or 32.6% of revenue, compared to $285 million, or 14.1% of revenue, in fiscal 2009. Notably, the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 marked the seventh consecutive quarter in which we expanded operating margins, which are now more than 1,200 basis points above the prior peak in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations nearly tripled from fiscal 2009 to $2.33.

FY2010 Gross Margin
% of Revenue 70% 65% 60% 55% 50% 45% 40% 61.1% 66.7% 65.0% 67.0%

1Q10

2Q10

3Q10

4Q10

Operating Income From Continuing Operations
($M) $350 34.9% $300 $250 22.5% $200 $150 12.2% $100 16.0% $149 $128 $79 $58 32.0% $286 37.1%

% of Revenue 40% 35% 30%

24.7% $214

$251 25% 20% 15% 10%

$50 4.1% $0 $20 1Q09

5% 0%

2Q09

3Q09

4Q09

1Q10

2Q10

3Q10

4Q10

Finally, our balance sheet remains extremely strong. In fiscal 2010, we generated 36% of our sales, or $991 million, in operating cash flow and our free cash flow was $880 million, or 32% of sales. Net cash and short-term investments at the end of fiscal 2010 totaled $2.3 billion, an increase of $851 million from the previous year. During the year, we continued to demonstrate our strong commitment to returning cash to shareholders, paying a total of $250 million in dividends. In addition, during fiscal 2010, the Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 10% to $0.22 per share and in early fiscal 2011 authorized the repurchase of an additional $1 billion of ADI common stock under our existing repurchase program.

Focus for 2011: Drive Growth and Sustain Profitability
Going forward, we see opportunities across our strategic markets that should enable us to deliver average revenue growth of 8% to 12% per year. We believe we can achieve this objective by capitalizing on broad-based macro trends that converge with ADI's market and technology focus, continuing to build our market leadership position across core products and technologies, and further enhancing our service and support to customers. Equally important, as we enter 2011 with our strengthened business model, we believe that we can operate the company at the margin levels at which we exited 2010, assuming our fourth quarter revenue level, with some remaining leverage as revenue increases.

2010 Annual Report
Capitalize on Macro Trends That Converge With Our Market and Technology Focus
We have identified five key strategic markets where we are focusing our investments in R&D to address critical customer, application, and technology needs and capitalize on macro trends to drive growth: the industrial market, the healthcare market, the automotive market, the communications market, and the consumer market. In the industrial market, where we sell thousands of products to tens of thousands of customers and our technology is often a differentiator in end products, we believe that ADI has an excellent opportunity to be the leading supplier in each of the areas we serve. Driven by our customers' needs for increased energy efficiency, industrial productivity, and security, demand for ADI's high-performance signal processing technology continues to accelerate, not only in newer areas such as energy and building automation, but also in traditional areas such as factory automation and instrumentation. We are also seeing strong growth opportunities in the Asian markets as customers build out factory automation infrastructure, social infrastructure, and energy management systems, and we expect that this trend will continue to drive growth in industrial revenue for ADI. Within the industrial category, healthcare presents an extremely strong growth opportunity for ADI. We have long been a market leader in medical imaging and patient monitoring, have built a solid position in medical instrumentation, and are also now developing technology for emerging consumer and home health applications that are bringing highly accurate and cost-effective patient monitoring devices into the home. In the healthcare market, we expect a number of trends to continue to increase demand for ADI's technology. Among these are: an increasing need for higher speed and channel count in medical imaging systems to improve image resolution and throughput while achieving a lower cost per channel; the drive for improved measurement performance to increase diagnostic accuracy; the advent of telemedicine and the requirements for portability as well as the inclusion of secure communications capabilities in healthcare applications; and requirements for patient safety and system reliability. The automotive market presents another attractive growth opportunity for ADI. We expect that macro trends in automotive, including safety, fuel efficiency, and convenience, should continue to increase the need for higher electronics content in cars, and consequently, result in higher dollar content for ADI. There are now dozens of applications within vehicles where ADI's technologies are being used to drive major innovations in safety systems, infotainment (entertainment, communications, and navigation systems), and powertrain electronics. For example, in the area of safety systems, stability control continues to gain market adoption due both to legislation and increased consumer awareness, creating sustained growth opportunities for our micro-electro mechanical systems, or MEMS, gyroscope and inertial products, which provide a highly reliable and cost-effective solution for meeting this requirement. Consumers are also gaining interest in FY2010 Revenue By End Market advanced driver assistance features such as lane departure warnings and reverse Communications 22% camera console views, many of which use Industrial  Wireless Infrastructure 46% ADI's digital signal processing, or DSP,  Other Communications  Industrial Automation converter, and radio frequency, or RF, Infrastructure  Instrumentation  Wireless Handsets  Defense/Aerospace products. Likewise, the performance of  Security/Surveillance in-car infotainment systems is expected to  Building Automation  Energy mirror that of in-home entertainment  Healthcare systems, driving demand for ever-increasing performance of our audio and video technologies. In addition, in Consumer powertrain solutions, we are seeing 19% excellent progress with respect to the use  Digital Cameras of ADI's high-precision data conversion  Home Entertainment  Games/Portable products in battery monitoring and control systems used in hybrid and Computer Automotive electric vehicles. These applications are a 2% 12% particularly attractive opportunity for ADI, due to the complexity of the signal Total Revenue: $2.8 Billion processing challenge and the anticipated unit growth of hybrid and electric Note: The sum of the individual percentages does not equal 100% due to rounding vehicles.

President's Letter
The communications infrastructure sector is another strategic market which has been, and which we expect will continue to be, a major growth engine for ADI. In fact, our revenue from wireless infrastructure products reached record levels in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. Given ADI's penetration in this area, virtually every call, placed anywhere in the world, intersects with ADI technology. ADI's position in this market continues to strengthen, as we are a leading supplier of solutions based on our converters, amplifiers, and RF products for radio cards at the world's largest global infrastructure equipment manufacturers. As the insatiable appetite for data and video has continued to accelerate, the need for more advanced basestation systems based on 4G/Long Term Evolution, or LTE, which are increasingly complex, plays directly to ADI's signal processing strengths. Higher performance radios to support multiple communications standards, higher density of channels to support increased data payloads, new form factors in hard-to-reach places, and the need for improved power efficiency, smaller footprints, and lower cost per channel are all trends that we anticipate will drive future growth for ADI in the communications market. Finally, in the consumer market, we are focused on solving the most difficult multimedia and human interface challenges in products such as digital cameras, portable media devices, and home entertainment systems. For example, many generations of digital cameras have relied on ADI technology for the signal conversion between the image sensor and processor. The signal processing content in digital cameras has steadily increased as ADI has solved multiple challenges associated with auto focus motor drivers, high-definition content capture and sharing, and advanced user controls such as image stabilization and touch screens. Furthermore, an emerging trend in camera applications to provide high-definition audio has continued to expand the available bill-of-materials for ADI's high-performance signal processing technology. We expect that ongoing careful selection of those applications where our technology differentiates our customers' products and provides performance improvements that allow end users to realize a richer experience will result in growth opportunities for ADI in the consumer market.

Continue to Build Our Market Leadership Position Across Core Products and Technologies
Across all of our strategic market segments, our customers increasingly rely on ADI to address their most difficult signal processing challenges. Whether at the component or the system level, our market-leading core technologies are a key differentiator. Nowhere is this more evident than in data converters, which was a $1.3 billion business for ADI in fiscal 2010. Data converters are at the heart of our mission to be the premier signal processing company in the world, as they are the essential building blocks that bridge the analog and digital worlds. We continually push the limits of data converter technology and today have an extremely valuable portfolio of thousands of converter products spanning the range of permutations needed to deliver the performance and functionality required by tens of thousands of customers. Furthermore, we continuously develop and introduce new converter technology, adding a wide array of new products across multiple architectures and process technologies every year.
Converters 47%

FY2010 Revenue By Product Category

Amplifiers/RF 25%

Other Analog Signal Processing 12%

Power Management & References 7%

DSP 9%

A majority of analysts who cover the converter market Total Revenue: $2.8 Billion estimate our market share to be between 40% and 46%, and we are well recognized as the leader in this product area in every region of the world. We expect demand for our converter technology to continue to be driven by the proliferation of digital systems that need data conversion, the increasing number of channels of signal processing in many key applications, and the fact that performance of data conversion technology determines the overall performance of customers' systems. Amplifiers, our second largest product category, is another area of strength for ADI and we have gained significant share of the high-performance amplifier market worldwide. Going forward, we will focus on enhancing our market position as a leading supplier of high-performance amplifier technology and will continue to drive innovation in this product category to enable our customers to improve their end products.

2010 Annual Report
RF, another area where ADI has built a strong market position, is a natural fit for our expertise in signal conditioning technologies. ADI has chosen to compete in the high-performance portion of the large, fast-growing RF market, where differentiated performance attributes like lowest noise, lowest power, best sensitivity, and most stable performance over time and temperature make a difference in the end application and are innovations that customers highly value. Today, our expanding portfolio of RF products allows us to address a greater portion of our customers' overall signal processing needs, and thereby provide more complete solutions. We have had marked success in the communications infrastructure market, where by supplying innovative RF technology, combined with high-performance converter and signal conditioning technology, we are providing superior system-level solutions for our basestation customers. As a result, we have significantly increased the number of ADI products per basestation and this has been an important revenue driver for us. In addition to the success we have had in the wireless infrastructure arena, ADI's ability to innovate in RF is driving growth in a variety of other markets. For example, ADI has become a leading provider of RF transceivers in smart meters for electric, water, and gas and we expect to continue to expand in this area as more smart meters are deployed around the world. The automotive market is another example of an area where RF opportunities are growing rapidly as many infotainment, remote control, safety, and collision avoidance systems are now utilizing RF technology. There is also an increasing number of industrial and instrumentation, healthcare, and consumer applications that are beginning to use ADI's RF technology, creating further growth opportunities. In the power management space, our strategy is to develop products for markets where we already have a strong signal processing presence and can leverage existing customer relationships and our early involvement in the design process to capture the power business. As such, over the past few years, we have developed a wide array of power management products for markets such as industrial, wireless infrastructure, and digital cameras, and in 2010, our power management business grew 65% from 2009. We plan to drive future growth in power management by continuing to leverage our current product portfolio in a range of applications and markets where we already have a strong position. MEMS, a market that is expanding rapidly, represents another high potential growth area for ADI. In MEMS, we plan to drive growth by continuing to focus on the automotive market, selectively pursuing opportunities in the consumer space, and extending our reach into other strategic markets where there is a need for this technology. For example, ADI's complex precision MEMS technology and our high-performance mixed signal and analog circuits present a formidable combination in addressing critical system performance parameters, such as safety, reliability, and highly precise measurements and diagnostics in healthcare and industrial applications. Finally, our DSP and processor business is now aligned more closely than ever with our overall signal processing strategy, which we believe will help us better serve our customers. Over the years, our innovations in DSP technology have helped us establish our SHARC® and Blackfin® brands across a diverse set of applications -- very much in line with the applications served by the rest of our signal processing portfolio. Going forward, we plan to continue to extend the successful SHARC and Blackfin processor families as well as expand our processor portfolio to include embedded industry standard microprocessor cores in application-specific signal processing products. Notably, in 2010, we announced a device for industrial applications which spans the signal chain on a single chip, integrating an ARM® microcontroller for processing with an analog-to-digital converter, RF, and memory.

Further Enhance Customer Service and Support
Across all our product categories and served markets, providing premier quality, service, and support will continue to be a critical factor in achieving our revenue growth goals. For our core base of over 60,000 customers who utilize ADI's vast array of components, we are expanding our offering of web-based tools, with the goal of easing product selection and the design process for our customers and allowing them to get to production rapidly and with reduced risk. We are investing in search and selection tools that will help us effectively cross-sell products and make product recommendations that are tailored to customers' specific designs. ADI is also developing design and simulation capabilities that will enable our customers to simulate sets of products, as well as individual components, with a high level of precision and confidence. And lastly, we are continuing to bolster our solutions and reference design initiative, known as "Circuits From the Lab," which offers customers verified, tested, and documented ADI solutions, including evaluation boards. We believe all of these initiatives will benefit our customers by decreasing their time-to-market, reducing their risk, and lowering their overall costs. At many of our larger original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, customers, engineering teams are under more pressure than ever before and, as a result, they increasingly want ADI to supply more than just silicon. In fact, in more and more cases, we actually act as an extension of our customers' engineering teams. As such, we are focusing on a "whole product" orientation. This approach focuses on not only producing the highest-performance components and possessing a deep understanding of our customers'

President's Letter
applications and system architectures in an effort to provide more complete solutions, but also providing the software drivers, reference boards, and other value-added support and services that will make it even easier to do business with ADI. In addition, we have been adding critical field resources to help deepen relationships and collaboration with our largest OEM customers. For customers both large and small, we will also continue to refine and improve our product development and delivery process. By improving our product development capabilities, product launch capabilities, and our overall time-to-market, we will be able to better serve our entire customer base and deliver the technology they need.

Positioned for Continued Success
We ended 2010 on a high note, which propelled us into fiscal 2011 with momentum and energy. We now have an optimized business model that we believe allows us to effectively take advantage of favorable market trends, while also providing some protection from market fluctuations that may occur. As a company, we are now more profitable than ever before in our history. We enjoy leadership positions in a range of markets and technologies and have identified excellent opportunities for growth. We continue to benefit from a broad customer base and our diverse portfolio of products. ADI has distinguished itself as a reliable supplier and we believe that our brand is the strongest it has ever been. We have the best engineers, who are innovating not only in our core technologies, but also in designing complete solutions, in manufacturing, and in customer service and support. And finally, we are benefiting from our new organizational structure that is helping us to not only meet and exceed customers' expectations, but also achieve even greater clarity in our investment strategy. This structure has produced a solid plan for 2011 -- one in which we believe our investments are squarely focused on those products and markets where our innovations can produce significant value for our customers, and solid growth and sustainable margins for ADI. In summary, we believe ADI is in the strongest competitive position in the company's history. I am extremely proud of what our employees have accomplished this past year and believe that by building on these areas of strength, ADI can continue the upward trend into 2011 and beyond. Sincerely,

Jerald G. Fishman President and Chief Executive Officer

This letter may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements which include, among other things, our statements regarding expected revenue, earnings, earnings per share, operating expenses, backlog, inventory levels, gross margin, operating margin, and other financial results, expected market trends, growth opportunities and business strategy, our competitiveness, expected customer demand for our products, and expected results of our ongoing expense management efforts, that are based on our current expectations, beliefs, assumptions, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industry and markets in which Analog Devices operates. The statements contained in this release are not guarantees of future performance, are inherently uncertain, involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and do not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in such forward-looking statements, and such statements should not be relied upon as representing Analog Devices' expectations or beliefs as of any date subsequent to the date of this letter. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements made by us. Important factors that may affect future operating results include: any faltering in the apparent improvement of economic conditions and financial markets following the recent crisis in global credit and financial markets, erosion of consumer confidence and declines in customer spending, the effects of declines in customer demand for our products and for end products that incorporate our products, competitive pricing pressures, unavailability of raw materials or wafer fabrication, assembly and test capacity, any delay or cancellation of significant customer orders, changes in geographic, product or customer mix, inability to license third party intellectual property, inability to meet customer demand, adverse results in litigation matters, and other risk factors described in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

