ANALOG DEVICES, INC.
  Dear Shareholders:
Fiscal 2000 was by every measure the best year in our history. Revenues grew by over 75% and profits tripled from the previous year. Equally important, throughout the year we significantly strengthened our tech- nology base and our organization to prepare for what we believe will be continued strong growth in the future.
For many years, we have believed that in the Internet age, signal pro- cessing would become enabling and defining technology; that is, the ability to process real-world analog signals such as voice and video in both analog and digital formats would ultimately become the main growth driver for the semiconductor industry. As such, at ADI we invested heavily to build one of the strongest analog and digital signal processing (DSP) teams in the industry. Our results in fiscal 2000 give credence to that claim: our analog and DSP sales grew more than twice as fast as the market. Our strategy to provide the best high-performance analog technology coupled with leadership DSPs, sometimes as components and often as systems-level solutions, is working well. Our newest products fueled our growth in fiscal 2000: new product revenues accounted for 25% of sales for the year, or over $600 million. We added over 600 analog and DSP engineers during the year, further strengthening our ability to continue to develop next-generation products for our customers.
To capitalize on these opportunities, we focused our research and development investments on emerging markets in wireless and broad- band communications, enhancing the functionality of personal computers, providing key technology to high-end consumer products, and enabling many new applications for our industrial customer base. As a result, our sales mix has now shifted to approximately 45% com- munications, 25% consumer products and personal computers and 30% industrial products. Each of these markets is growing at impressive rates for ADI, as signal processing technology is becoming a more signifi- cant portion of the bill of materials of the end products within these markets. The increased value added by our technology has raised the secular growth opportunity available to ADI.
PAGE2
  
ANNUALREPORT2000
  We increased our operating margin to record levels during fiscal 2000. By the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, our operating margin approached 35% of sales, up from 21% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. These gains resulted not only from the value created by our products and cost improvements throughout the company, but also from a relentless belief throughout our organization that these gains were both possible and necessary. Our exceptional sales and margin growth resulted in $80 million in bonus payments for the year to those who made these gains possible—our employees.
We are proud of our many accomplishments during the past few years.The body of this annual report describes the opportunities that we believe will continue driving our future growth. We take special pride in the strength, breadth of talent and enthusiasm of all our people around the world who believe that we can continue to win and are committed to making that happen.
Ray Stata Jerald G. Fishman
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
CHAIRMAN RAY STATA (LEFT) AND PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER JERRY FISHMAN
   PAGE3
  