ADI's fiscal 2015 revenue grew by more than 20 percent to a record $3.4 billion, and we made excellent progress toward reaching our stated goal of achieving up to $5 in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share by the end of 2020. We also continued to generate strong cash flow that we used to enhance shareholder returns. In fact, since 2004 we have returned over $8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. I am also pleased with the consistency of our financial model. Over the last three years, despite an uneven macroeconomic backdrop, revenue has grown at an 8% compounded rate, and our total shareholder return over this period is 16%, which is higher than the S&P 500 return over the same period.

DIVIDENDS AND STOCK REPURCHASES SINCE 2004

BILLION

$8+

AHEAD OF WHAT'S POSSIBLETM: NEW OPPORTUNITIES FOR GROWTH
As we begin our sixth decade in business, the elements of our culture that have allowed us to thrive over the past half century are firmly in place. In 2015, we codified our foundational values in the launch of a new brand, Ahead of What's PossibleTM, which encapsulates all that we have been and strive to be in the future. The four tenets of this brand--passion for customer success, impactful innovation, applied imagination, and entrepreneurial mindset--represent our most deeply held aspirations and are consistent with the values we have nurtured since our founding. Every day at ADI, we creatively apply our engineering excellence and applications expertise to solve problems that others cannot. We enable our customers' market success through a high level of collaboration: listening carefully, anticipating needs, and delivering unmatched technological solutions. We act with urgency, pursuing growth opportunities that allow us to reinvest for the future, as well as creating an environment that attracts the best people and keeps them engaged and inspired.

3 YEAR TSR PERFORMANCE ADI VS. S&P 500

16% 14%

ADI

S&P

TSR calculation is share price appreciation plus cumulative cash dividend payments for the three years ended October 31, 2015 utilizing the 90 day average of the beginning and ending closing prices.

To drive ADI's future success, we have invested over $4 billion through research and development, mergers and acquisitions, and capital additions over the past three years. One of our most significant investments in recent years was the acquisition of Hittite Microwave, which is already producing a multitude of new opportunities for ADI in many diverse applications across the communications infrastructure, aerospace & defense, industrial instrumentation, and automotive markets. During fiscal 2015, we completed the integration of Hittite Microwave, creating a powerhouse radio frequency and microwave franchise that strategically complements our mixed signal technology portfolio.

THE FUTURE TURNS 50
ADI's technologies enable our customers to reliably sense, measure, interpret, and connect physical, chemical, and biological phenomena to the computational domain. Our leadership position in signal processing, combined with our algorithm heritage and deep domain and applications knowledge, is becoming ever more critical as the world becomes increasingly connected and machines become more autonomous. In our terminology, we believe the Information and Communications Technology sector has entered its third wave, which will be dominated by the pervasive use of artificial sensory and computing power to allow people and machines to see, hear, and feel throughout physical space. This new phase of technological transformation, which is sometimes referred to as the Internet of Things (IoT), plays directly to our core capabilities and it is creating attractive growth opportunities for ADI.

50 YEAR HERITAGE IN SENSING, MEASURING, AND INTERPRETING REAL WORLD SIGNALS PLACES ADI AT THE CENTER OF THE 3RD WAVE
1T UBIQUITOUS SENSING

3RD WAVE

TABLET 1G INSTALLED BASE SMARTPHONE LAPTOP CLOUD 1M SERVER MAINFRAMES PC 1K

2ND WAVE

1ST WAVE

1950

1960

1970

1980

1990

2000

2010

2020

2030

As we move more deeply into the information spectrum, the opportunity increases for ADI to create and capture additional value by delivering complete sensor-to-cloud solutions that allow a real-time understanding of what is occurring in our world and enable the ability to act, react, and predict. Already customers are asking us to collaborate with them to build new virtual bridges that we believe will unlock latent value and create new revenue streams in several high-value applications across our core markets of industrial, healthcare, and automotive. In the years ahead, we will continue to build momentum in these novel growth applications and many others, while also ensuring that we continue to strengthen our technologies and customer engagements in our core business. As we navigate this new world of opportunity, we will continue to be guided by our long-term strategic objectives. First, we believe that innovation drives business success. We focus on sizable markets that value the performance we deliver in high value areas at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds. Second, we believe in diversity of markets, applications, and customers. We believe diversity ensures sustainability and resilience, as has been proven by our ability to successfully manage the extraordinary transitions in the semiconductor industry over the past 50 years. Third, by focusing on innovation and diversity, we believe that our business model can deliver superior and sustainable financial results and superior returns for our shareholders. ADI's first 50 years were filled with innovation, profitable growth, and superior shareholder returns. But I firmly believe that ADI's best years lie ahead. I invite you to join us on our continuing journey as we help our customers--and the world--move Ahead of What's PossibleTM. Sincerely,

Vincent T. Roche President and Chief Executive Officer Analog Devices, Inc.

