Dear Shareholders:
Revenue for our fiscal year 2006 grew to $2.57 billion, up 8% from the previous year. Diluted earnings per share
(EPS) grew to $1.48, up from $1.08 the prior year. Revenue from our analog products surpassed $2 billion and
digital signal processing (DSP) product revenue was approximately $500 million for the year. Our highest revenue
growth in fiscal 2006, compared to the previous year, was derived from sales of our core analog products, namely
converters, which grew 10%, amplifiers, which grew 19%, and specialized analog products, which grew 24%.
Our business model continues to produce significant cash flow. During fiscal 2006, we repurchased approximately
9% of our outstanding shares for approximately $1.03 billion. Our dividend payments totaled $201.5 million in
fiscal 2006, 69% higher than the prior year’s payments, and our December 2006 announcement of a dividend
increase makes ADI’s dividend yield among the highest paid by a semiconductor company. At year end, our cash
and short-term investments totaled $2.1 billion.
Once again, the competitive advantage for ADI in fiscal 2006 was our diversity of markets, products and customers.
As high performance signal processing technology increasingly permeates electronic products in virtually every
end market, our breadth of analog and DSP technology provides a unique opportunity for our customers to align
their development and sourcing efforts with a single supplier, representing a significant advantage for ADI over
many of our competitors with much narrower product offerings. Nevertheless, our largest customer in fiscal 2006
represented approximately 3% of sales and purchased over 1400 different ADI products for use in industrial,
medical, communications and automotive applications.
Our goal continues to be the transformation of the user experience in terms of sight, sound and connectivity using
our signal processing technology. New medical, security, industrial, consumer, computer and communications
products are capturing more of the real world in digital form. The opportunity for analog and DSP to convert and
reconstruct real world signals for higher speed, real time transmission, high fidelity audio or full motion video
images provides significant growth opportunities for ADI.
For example, new medical applications are changing all of our lives in noticeable ways. Advanced medical
diagnostic equipment such as MRI and CT scanners enable early and rapid medical intervention with little risk or
discomfort for patients. New portable medical equipment for home use enables patients to be monitored and treated
outside the hospital setting. And these digital images can be stored and sent electronically to other locations. High-
speed analog and DSP technology is a critical enabler to this functionality. Our sales to medical customers increased
to over $100 million in fiscal 2006, up 24% from the prior year, and we have a strong product pipeline going
forward.
One of our largest automotive customers was recently quoted as saying that new automobiles are now becoming a
platform to deliver innovative electronic sensing and control functions, as well as living room-quality entertain-
ment. We agree. Over the past five years, the semiconductor content in cars has grown at many times the growth rate
of the automotive market as a whole. New features have quickly migrated from high end cars to the mainstream of
the automotive market. Today, ADI’s converters monitor battery capacity, manage power distribution, and digitize
information gathered by battery, fuel and oil sensors. Our accelerometers and gyroscopes improve the performance
of GPS and airbag systems and enable electronic stability control. Our amplifiers monitor brake lights, power liquid
crystal displays (LCDs), provide maximum transmission efficiency and deliver precise fuel injector control. And
our DSPs process speech for hands-free applications and enable high-quality audio and driver information systems.
Our sales to automotive customers have grown at a compounded average rate of 14% over the past three years and
comprised approximately 8% of sales in fiscal 2006.
Innovative consumer electronics products continue to be a driving force for the worldwide economy. According to
the Consumer Electronics Association, global sales of advanced LCD and plasma televisions surpassed sales of
older CRT TVs in 2006 as prices have become competitive with older TV technologies, providing even the most
advanced 1080p image quality at very reasonable prices. ADI content in new standard definition and high definition
(HD) televisions includes audio and video signal processing and the technology behind new HDMI connectivity
which allows for simple connection of HD sources to HD TVs. In addition, our high speed converters power a
majority of digital cameras and we are introducing new functionality to capture more of the camera bill of materials.
Late in 2006, new video game platforms captured consumer attention. Our success in providing 3-axis motion
sensing for the innovative Nintendo@ Wii‘ video game controller is helping Nintendo change the user experience in
a fundamental way that makes video games entertaining for the entire family. ADI’s sales to consumer electronics
customers have grown at a compounded average rate of 19% over the past three years and in fiscal 2006 comprised
17% of sales.
These are just a few examples of ADI technology enabling new user experiences. There are many others. Virtually
every cell phone call made in the world is routed though a base station where ADI has important content. A majority
of TD-SCDMA cell phones soon to be deployed in China use ADI wireless communications technology. Many new
personal computers equipped with a Microsoft@ Windows Vista‘ operating system will use ADI audio technology to provide a better listening experience. And Cisco Systems is redefining video teleconferencing using real-time
HD images in their TelePresence‘ technology, which is powered by ADI’s Blackfin@ processors.
In fiscal 2006, approximately 42% of our revenue was derived from industrial customers designing a wide range of
applications such as factory automation, medical diagnostics and instrumentation, laboratory research, automotive,
security, defense and test equipment. In aggregate, we estimate that we serve 50,000 industrial customers
worldwide. Over the past three years, our revenue from industrial customers has grown at a compounded average
rate of 15%. Our industrial customers continue to be an important franchise for ADI. The market is extremely
fragmented, performance oriented, enjoys very long product life cycles and consistently produces a high rate of
return on R&D (research and development) investments. Very often, core technology developed for industrial
customers is utilized in higher volume applications in other markets.
Many different customers. Many different applications. Many highly differentiated products. This is what we have
set out to do and what uniquely defines ADI today. Looking forward, the opportunities and the priorities for the
future are clear:
1. Our analog core product business is well positioned. For the past three years, despite economic uncertainty,
our converter, amplifier and other specialty analog products, which comprise 73% of sales, have grown at a
compounded average rate of 15%. Our micro-electro mechanical systems (MEMS) products are now in
some of the hottest products in the industry, experiencing unprecedented demand. Our analog brand is
unparalleled in the industry and the capability of our engineering talent is well ahead of the competition. We
have the clear opportunity to continue to grow our core analog product revenue at these rates over the next
several years.
2. Power management, while nearly 50% of the total analog market and contributing significant industry
growth year-to-year, represented only 8% of ADI’s sales in fiscal 2006 and has not accelerated the growth
rate of our analog business over the past few years. Yet, in independent brand preference studies, customers
prefer ADI as a power management supplier compared to most other brands, rating ADI #2 in brand
preference 1. In applications where we are providing converter, amplifier and DSP content, customers are
looking to ADI to address their power needs as well. Our job is to deliver the power management products
our customers want. We have recently refocused our power management efforts toward more value-added
products, raised our investment levels and recruited new leadership to achieve this goal.
3. Our DSP product revenue growth has been disappointing relative to our investment levels. Our general-
purpose DSP revenue has grown at a steady pace, but we have struggled to generate consistent growth in
high-volume, application-specific DSPs. While we have somewhat neutralized the financial impact to our
company by narrowing the focus of our new product development investments and minimizing capital
spending through the outsourcing of all production, there is more to be done and I believe that we are now
on the right path to achieve higher and more consistent growth from DSP.
4. Our performance in most end markets has been strong over the past three years. Looking at the compounded
average growth rates over the past three years, revenue from customers in the consumer end market has
grown at 19%, industrial at 15% and wireless infrastructure at 18%. Revenue growth has been below our
expectations in the computer and wireless handset markets, where we have revised our strategies. In the
computer market, we have evolved our power management portfolio to include laptops and servers. In the
wireless handset market, we are focusing our audio, video, connectivity and power management expertise
on a broad range of portable media devices that require analog-rich technology to enable high-quality
sound, more camera functionality, and new features such as mobile TV and video processing.
5. Our cash generation capability remains significant. Our sizeable stock repurchases and increasing div-
idends have been primarily financed by cash flow generated from operations. In December 2006, our Board
authorized an additional $1 billion for our ongoing share repurchase program. Fewer outstanding shares
provide the opportunity for higher earnings leverage as sales and profits grow in the future.
In aggregate, our plan going forward is for ADI revenue to grow at a compounded average rate of 15% over the next
several years, which we believe, given our size and leading market share, is a challenging but very realistic
objective. We are currently investing over $500 million per year, or approximately 20% of sales, in R&D, amongst
the highest in our industry. We have significant sales and marketing resources aimed at top line growth. By virtue of
our relentless focus on cost improvements, we continue to reengineer our expense structure to maximize earnings
leverage as revenue grows. The breadth of applications turning to signal processing technology to enable a new user
experience continues to expand. The ADI brand continues to command the first call from customers facing signal
processing challenges. The rest is up to all of us here at ADI.
Sincerely,
Jerald G. Fishman
President and Chief Executive Officer