2009 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders:
While fiscal year 2009 proved challenging across virtually every market in the world, we continued to steer Analog Devices on the path to enduring success. There is much work left to do in 2010, but we enter the new year a stronger and more competitive company. In this letter, I will describe the actions we have taken, the impact that we believe these actions will have, and why we remain very enthusiastic about ADI's future.

Focused Innovation Remains the Lifeblood of ADI
It is intuitive that innovation will separate the best technology companies from the mediocre ones, and that innovation is not a spigot that can be turned on and off in response to short-term order trends. Given the proliferation of signal processing into virtually every end market, we have historically invested in many diverse product and market opportunities; some investments resulted in innovations that have produced significant and sustainable returns, and others have not met our expectations after many years. During 2008 and 2009, we refocused our investments on those products and markets where our innovations can add significant value for our customers over many product generations and thereby achieve high and sustainable market share at attractive margins for ADI.
FY2009 Revenue By End Market
Wireless Infrastructure

Industrial & Instrumentation  Process Control  Motor Control  Energy  Building Controls  ATE  Defense/Aerospace  Security/Surveillance

Other Communications Infrastructure Wireless Handsets

Automotive Healthcare

Computer

Consumer  Home Entertainment  Digital Cameras  Games/Portable  Display

Note: Industrial & instrumentation, automotive, and healthcare applications comprise ADI's industrial market, which represented 52% of revenue in FY2009; the communications market represented 25% of revenue, aggregating wireless infrastructure, other communications infrastructure, and wireless handset applications. The consumer and computer markets represented 20% and 3% of revenue, respectively.

The results of our more focused investment strategy were clear in 2009. During the year, we introduced approximately 300 new products, many of which have shown excellent momentum right out of the gate and are expected to be strong growth drivers over the coming quarters. In addition, our better mix of products should provide the opportunity for higher returns, since our customers highly value the architectural and design advantages, and ultimately the differentiation, that ADI's technology enables.

Innovation is Not Enough . . . Costs Also Matter
Many market surveys identify ADI as one of the most innovative technology companies amongst very tough competition. This view has been perpetuated over many years as a result of the most creative engineering minds at ADI remaining relentlessly focused on solving customers' toughest signal processing problems. But while developing innovative technology is of paramount importance, it is also vital for ADI to continue to reduce our manufacturing cost structure by focusing on manufacturing improvements, including new assembly techniques and new test technology, and by ensuring that our capacity is reflective of estimates for current and future demand. Offensively, lower costs allow ADI to earn higher margins and penetrate many new markets; defensively, lower costs allow ADI to earn attractive margins in the face of periodic competitive pressure to replicate our technology. We also took advantage of the economic slowdown in 2009 to complete two highly complex wafer fab consolidations. Analog fab consolidations such as these are very challenging to accomplish, given both the diversity of manufacturing processes we use to produce our high-performance analog products and the extremely long life cycles of these products, which can often span 10 to 20 years. We established a goal very early in the process that these consolidations would be transparent to our customers and our service levels would remain high.

President's Letter
We successfully and seamlessly completed both of these consolidations by the end of October 2009, giving us a step function improvement in manufacturing cost efficiency. Despite significantly lowering our capital and period costs, we continue to have ample capacity in place to respond to large increases in volume, such as the one we experienced in the last quarter of fiscal 2009. In the process, we also reduced our inventories from 141 days in the first quarter of 2009 to 92 days by year end. We expect that these actions will provide significantly higher gross margins in 2010 and beyond. During 2009, we also took actions to reduce our operating expenses by continuing to focus our product portfolio, reducing infrastructure costs, exercising very tight control over discretionary costs, and lowering our variable compensation expense. While variable compensation will increase as our operating margins increase, many of the cost reductions we made during 2009 are permanent.

A New Organizational Structure Aligned with Our Business Strategy
ADI has built its reputation as a product company, offering the highest performance signal processing components to more than 60,000 customers around the world. Increasingly, however, customers are asking ADI to offer more integrated solutions that bring to bear the full breadth of our technology to solve unique application problems in particular markets. To ensure that we stay at the forefront in component technology but also offer our customers a path to more integrated application-specific solutions, we revised our organizational structure in 2009 to optimize both aspects of our business. At the highest level, our new organization is comprised of two groups. The Core Products and Technologies (CPT) group is focused on core technology development and leadership in converters, linear and radio frequency (RF), micro-electro mechanical systems (MEMS), power, and digital signal processing (DSP). Robert McAdam, a long-term ADI executive and formerly responsible for our analog business, heads up this group. We have also created a parallel organization that is focused on understanding, selecting, and resourcing initiatives that are more customized to a particular market or application area. The focus of this team, the Strategic Market Segments (SMS) group, is to apply the full expanse of ADI's broad technology portfolio to more integrated and targeted product strategies for the automotive, industrial, healthcare, consumer, and communications infrastructure markets. The SMS group includes our sales organization, which is very much aligned with the customers in these markets. Vincent Roche, another long-term ADI executive and formerly the head of Worldwide Sales, leads this organization. These two new groups will collaborate at the highest levels. On the one hand, our CPT group will develop key technology for use by the SMS group, which will integrate these technologies into application-specific solutions. Equally important, the segment applications expertise within the SMS group will be used to enhance core technology development. We will be managing ADI using this structure in 2010 and beyond. It has already begun to yield benefits, including the facilitation of an improved strategic planning and resource allocation process and the elimination of organizational overlaps. In addition, as a result of this new structure, we have promoted many ADI people into new responsibilities, which has invigorated and re-energized the entire company.

The Numbers ­ Fiscal Year 2009
ADI's 2009 revenue totaled approximately $2 billion, down 22% from the prior year, as the worldwide economic crisis heavily impacted the electronics industry. While some of the decline was related to reduced sales at our customers, another meaningful portion was caused by customers in every market and geography significantly decreasing their inventories. In response to these unprecedented revenue declines, we substantially decreased production levels to reduce our inventory levels. This action, of course, had the effect of temporarily lowering our gross margins, which reached a trough of 54.1% in the third quarter. We reacted quickly to the business environment, reducing
Revenue ($M) $600

FY2009 Product Revenue and Diluted EPS
From Continuing Operations by Quarter Diluted EPS ($) 0.60
$572

$500
$477 $475 $492

0.50 0.40
$0.36

$400 $300 $200
$0.18

0.30 0.20 0.10

$0.22

$100
$0.08

$0 1Q09 2Q09 3Q09 4Q09

0.00

2009 Annual Report
FY2009 Cash Flow From Operations
($M) $200 % of Revenue 30%

operating expenses by over $100 million for the year, with the majority of these reductions occurring in the first two quarters of the fiscal year. As a result of these actions, ADI remained solidly profitable during the worst revenue decline we have experienced in many years. For the year, we generated operating profit before taxes of $285 million and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.85, including special items. Operating cash flow for 2009 totaled $432 million, or 21% of revenue, and we paid $233 million in dividends. At the end of 2009, we had approximately $1.8 billion in cash, including $370 million of net proceeds from an offering of 5% five-year notes completed during the third quarter.

27.1%
$150

28.5% $572

$477

$475
16.0%

$492
$134

$163
20%

$100

12.6%

$76
$50

10%

$60

$0 1Q09 2Q09 3Q09 4Q09

0%

The impact of the recession was most severe in the first half of the year for ADI and as 2009 progressed, revenue began to recover. In our fourth quarter, revenue increased 16% sequentially and earnings increased more than 60%, demonstrating the significant leverage we built into our model during the past year.

Looking Ahead: Industry Trends Play to ADI's Strengths
As we look ahead to 2010 and beyond, the external environment remains challenging and somewhat unpredictable. It is also clear that customers are becoming more demanding across every dimension as they face increased competition in global markets and greater price pressure from their own customers. Yet, there are great opportunities for innovative companies such as ADI to continue to grow and earn attractive returns on our investments. In fact, we believe that ADI is uniquely positioned to benefit from prevailing trends in the semiconductor industry that are well aligned with our technology and market competencies.

As the World Goes Digital, Analog Growth Rates Could Exceed Digital Growth Rates
As digital and processor technology continues to advance, the requirements for high-performance analog technology increase ­ perhaps at an even greater rate ­ as the interface to real-world analog signals such as voice, video, temperature, motion, and many others often differentiates the end application. Most importantly, analog-to-digital (A-to-D) and digital-to-analog (D-to-A) converters are the essential building blocks that bridge the analog and digital worlds. Today, data converters remain our largest and most diverse product family at ADI and represent close to 50% of our revenue. We are well recognized as the leader in this product area in every region of the world and our market share has grown over the years to approximately 40% to 45% ­ more than two times that of our closest competitor. We sell over 2,000 different converters to many thousands of customers and many of these products break performance barriers, thereby enabling exciting new applications.

FY2009 Revenue By Product Category

Amplifiers 25% Converters 48%

Other Analog Signal Processing 13% Power Management & References 6%

DSP 9%

Total Revenue: $2 Billion
Note: The sum of the individual percentages does not equal 100% due to rounding.

President's Letter
An excellent example of our converter expertise is our recently introduced ADAS1128, a 128-channel, 24-bit analog-to-digital converter developed for medical imaging applications such as CT scanners. New scanners require as many as 250,000 channels to deliver four-dimensional images that can capture a heart beating in real time or provide an evaluation of a stroke victim's brain in a few seconds. The combination of the high level of integration, conversion speed, accuracy, and low power featured in this ADI converter helps our customers create unprecedented levels of innovation in their end products and could ultimately provide better outcomes to potentially devastating illnesses. Beyond converters, other analog technologies such as amplifiers, RF, MEMS, and power management are playing an increasingly important role in supporting new applications powered by the digital revolution. The communications infrastructure market provides a good example of how the breadth of ADI technology creates system-level solutions for our customers by supplying innovative RF technology alongside high-performance converter and mixed-signal technology. During 2009, we introduced a series of highly-integrated RF products designed for Long Term Evolution (LTE) and fourth generation cellular base stations that provide breakthrough levels of integration, reduce board space by 60%, and lower costs for our customers. These new RF products are designed to work together with our new 1.2 giga-sample per second, 16-bit D-to-A converter to support the high data rates and complex modulation techniques required for multi-carrier wireless and broadband communications equipment. Energy management is another market where ADI is innovating to connect the analog and digital worlds. Our products address the challenges of converting electrical energy parameters ­ an analog phenomenon ­ into digital format for measurement, monitoring, control, and communication purposes. For example, our energy metrology solutions integrate converters and fixed-function digital signal processing, providing unparalleled levels of performance, reliability, and ease of use in over 250 million energy meters worldwide. Likewise, our RF transceivers enable the secure and robust transmission of energy consumption data for smart grids; and our data converter, amplifier, and DSP products provide critical monitoring and control functions for power line transmission and distribution systems.

The Future Belongs to the Innovators
As global markets become more competitive, the need for our customers to differentiate their products will accelerate and this trend provides a meaningful advantage for the most innovative semiconductor suppliers such as ADI. In addition, we see a trend at customers to reduce their pool of suppliers to more manageable numbers and innovation is the characteristic most often cited as their selection criteria of greatest importance. At ADI we are well equipped to step up to this challenge. A few examples provide insight into the ADI innovation engine: In the past, the automotive market, with the exception of high-performance models, did not generally embrace new high-performance semiconductor technology as a key differentiator in designing and selling cars. But over the past five years, many new cars have begun to offer features that require very sophisticated electronics. Anecdotally, cars have been described as a mechanism to deliver advanced electronics. To address these changing market characteristics, ADI has collaborated with leading automobile manufacturers in three key areas ­ safety systems, power train electronics, and infotainment (which includes entertainment, communications, and vehicle information systems). Auto manufacturers rely on ADI technology to bring differentiated features to market and to meet government mandates for safety, emissions, and energy consumption. From our MEMS accelerometers and gyroscopes, which provide highly reliable and cost-effective solutions for airbags and electronic stability control, to our SHARC® and Blackfin® processors that optimize hands-free communications and other infotainment features, to application-specific products that improve vehicle efficiency and safety, ADI is helping manufacturers design the safer, environmentally friendly, and enjoyable vehicles that consumers desire. Our engineers have also worked closely with customers to develop technology that enables the most in-demand features in consumer applications. Again, the ability of ADI's signal processing technology to bridge the analog and digital worlds by converting real-world phenomena such as audio, voice, and video into digital form is enabling extraordinary innovation in products such as digital cameras, digital media devices, and smart phones. From our new generation of high-performance analog and digital output MEMS microphones to our audio processing products to our lens driver solutions, ADI's technology allows end users to speak, hear, and see with greater clarity and precision, redefining the user experience. Ultimately, we are confident that we can maintain our position at the innovative high ground. ADI has a very defensible position given our engineering talent and our brand, which are both amongst the strongest in the industry. Furthermore, our reputation for innovation also extends beyond product design to the manufacturing realm, where we have forged new ground in cutting-edge manufacturing processes, packaging, and test techniques.

2009 Annual Report

ADI is Ready for the Challenges Ahead
As we look ahead to 2010, we believe that we are in a very strong position to deliver superior results. We have the strongest signal processing technology portfolio in the industry. We have an institutional knowledge base within our organization that is the envy of many within the semiconductor industry. Our extremely large and broad customer base is already very familiar with our innovative technology, applications expertise, outstanding service levels, quality and reliability, and consistent delivery of products and systems solutions. We have a dedicated employee population that embraced the challenges of 2009 with purpose and determination. We look forward to continuing to execute our strategy to drive innovation, growth, and leverage and to produce excellent results for all of our stakeholders. Sincerely,

Jerald G. Fishman President and Chief Executive Officer

