2011 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders:
Fiscal 2011 was an excellent year across multiple dimensions for Analog Devices. Notably, ADI's sales approached three billion dollars for the first time in our history and earnings per share grew more than twice as fast as sales. Operating margins were 35.8% of sales and we ended the year with $3.6 billion in cash. Underlying both our success in 2011 and our plans for 2012 and beyond is a consistent set of principles that form the blueprint for how we operate our business and make decisions, regardless of the external environment. First, we are managing a growth business and a product portfolio that is essential to myriad applications, resulting in a long-term compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for ADI that is greater than that of the overall semiconductor industry. We outgrow the industry by ensuring that ADI carefully targets markets where our technology creates a competitive advantage for our customers. Second, to sustain this growth, we must continue to create the very best signal processing products available by investing in research and development at high levels, which are very affordable given the exceptional margins our products earn. Furthermore, we continually optimize and refine these investments to most effectively direct resources to opportunities that offer ADI the strongest prospects for differentiation, growth, and profitability. Third, we work hard to live up to our reputation as one of the highest quality and most reliable vendors in our customers' supply chains. By keeping our product delivery lead times short and rapidly scaling our production levels to meet demand, we provide high levels of service and remain responsive to our customers' needs. Fourth, we place a priority on preserving the Company's profitability, regardless of the cyclicality of our industry. Our operating model now includes significant variable costs that have helped ADI achieve record high margins during the upturns in recent business cycles and, equally as important, during the inevitable downturns. Regardless of where we are in the cycle, we generate significant cash, which provides a clear measure of the quality of our profits and affords ADI great stability and flexibility. We use the cash to reliably enhance shareholder returns through cash dividends, share repurchases, and strategic technology acquisitions. Lastly, we are committed to remaining the place where the most innovative signal processing professionals choose to build their careers. Ultimately, it is the expertise and motivation of our global workforce that separates ADI from the competition, as evidenced by the many outstanding supplier, innovator, and company awards that ADI received this year. In 2012, these principles will continue to guide our actions as we pursue our singular mission: to be the world's best signal processing company. The fundamental elements of ADI's business--our customer relationships, our technology portfolio, our market focus, our service levels, and our financial model--remain strong and collectively create a solid foundation from which to create our future. Our employees remain energized and engaged, aligned behind our strategy, and enthusiastic about the role they continue to play in ADI's success. We look forward to the coming year and to continuing to share our accomplishments with our shareholders, our customers, and our employees. Sincerely,

Jerald G. Fishman President and Chief Executive Officer

