President's Letter
Dear Shareholders: As we reflect on our company's performance in fiscal 2005, we are once again reminded of the importance of two factors in ADI's success: our high level of innovation and our strong business model. Our fiscal 2005 revenue totaled $2.4 billion, which was somewhat lower than the record revenue of $2.6 billion we achieved the previous year. Still, due to the high value placed on ADI's innovative technology by our customers, our company's profitability remained high and we earned nearly 58% gross margins on these sales. Through diligent control of spending, we achieved operating profits before taxes of $516 million, or approximately 22% of sales. Net income totaled $415 million, or approximately 17% of sales. ADI Revenue Growth and Cash Flow Likewise, the strength of our business model FY 2003 FY 2004 FY 2005 was illustrated in our 20% 29% -9% 13% Revenue Growth cash flow performance. $433M $778M $673M Cash from Operations Our company generated 21% 30% 28% 27% Cash from Operations as a % of Sales $673 million of cash ($68M) ($146M) ($85M) from operations, which Capital Expenditures was 28% of sales. After ­ ($75M) ($119M) Dividends Paid spending $85 million ­ ($137M) ($525M) Stock Repurchases on capital expenditures, our free cash flow for fiscal 2005 totaled $588 million, or 25% of sales. Confident in the long-term strength of our business, we paid shareholders a total of $119 million in dividends, an increase of 59% over the previous year. We also repurchased 14.6 million shares of our common stock, approximately 4% of outstanding shares, for $525 million, nearly four times the amount we spent on repurchases in fiscal 2004. We ended fiscal 2005 with approximately $2.7 billion in cash and short-term investments.
3-Year Average

ADI Revenue By End Market Our customer base continues to be diversified across a wide range of applications for high-performance signal processing. From factories to hospitals, homes, and automobiles, Analog Devices is everywhere.
FY2005
Consumer 15% Automotive 8% Industrial Instrumentation 19% Wireless Handsets 13% Defense 5%

Wireless Base Stations 10%

Medical 4% ATE 3%

Computer 15% Networking 5% Other Communications 3%

1

Since 2003, consumer electronics customers have represented our fastest growing end market. The consumer appetite for digital photography, digital video, flat-panel televisions, and home theatre is illustrated by ADI's consumer end market sales, which had a compounded annual growth rate of 21% between fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2005. Our signal processing technology continues to enable unique sight, sound, and imaging features in a wide array of new consumer products. In fiscal 2005, consumer customers represented approximately15% of sales.

ADI Consumer Applications
Compounded Annual Growth Rate FY2003 through FY2005
$400 $300 $200 $100 $0
21% CAGR

Revenue ($M)

Revenue from our broad base of industrial customers, representing factory automation, medical instrumentation, defense and security systems, as well as automotive electronics, has also performed well over the past several years, growing at a compounded annual rate of 13% since fiscal 2003. The industrial end market, which comprises thousands of ADI products sold to tens of thousands of customers worldwide, is an important barometer of the strength of our core technology position. Strong growth, coupled with high market share in key product areas and clear trends that many industrial customers are using more and more signal processing technology, indicate ADI's core technology is solidly positioned. In fiscal 2005, industrial customers represented approximately 39% of sales. In fiscal 2005, we saw a reversal in the growth trends exhibited by customers in the computer end market compared to previous years. With the slowing unit growth of the desktop market, we continue to expand our product offering for laptops and handheld computers. The computer end market, which includes enterprise, storage, and gaming, will continue to rely on high-performance analog technology to manage power usage, monitor temperature, play and record sound, and sense motion. Computer applications and power management devices, which account for a high percentage of sales in this end market, represent additional revenue growth potential for ADI going forward. In fiscal 2005, customers in the computer end market represented approximately 15% of sales. We believe that trends in the communications end markets, which totaled 31% of sales in fiscal 2005, are best understood by dissecting the primary technology platforms and analyzing infrastructure equipment apart from subscriber equipment. Revenue from customers producing base stations, which provide the infrastructure for wireless networks, has grown at a compounded annual growth rate of 20% per year since fiscal 2003 and represented approximately 10% of sales in fiscal 2005. Virtually every base station manufacturer in the world relies on leading-edge signal processing and control products from ADI, which means that virtually every cellular telephone call made anywhere in the world passes through an ADI chip. Revenue from customers producing cellular telephones, which accounted for approximately 13% of sales in fiscal 2005, declined in fiscal 2005 after growing 39% in the prior year, primarily as a result of high volatility in the Asian market. As cellular telephones transition from voice-centric devices with simple displays to portable media devices, the high-performance signal processing challenge intensifies, creating new opportunities for innovative analog and digital signal processing (DSP) technology.

FY2003

FY2004

FY2005

2

Improving conditions across broadband networking customers have been gradual since the rapid deployments witnessed in 2000 and as a result, relatively modest growth in fiscal years 2003 and 2004 was offset by declines in fiscal 2005. Optical equipment, while today a relatively small percentage of our sales, has been growing at very high rates, more than doubling since fiscal 2003. Increasing analog and DSP content in enterprise equipment has fueled some growth as well, while residential broadband infrastructure and subscriber equipment revenue has declined, hampered by slow unit growth and commoditization. These end market trends illustrate the fact that analog is, quite literally, everywhere. The world we live in is a place filled with analog signals. And as digital technology moves to higher speeds and multimedia, more and more applications will need to leverage high-performance converter, amplifier, DSP, microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and power management devices to interface with the analog world. The core technology platforms that form the basis of these devices have been ADI's sole area of focus for decades. ADI Revenue By Product
FY2005
Converters 43% Amplifiers 19%

DSP 19%

Other Analog 19% Converter products, ADI's largest product category with sales of more than $1B, represented 43% of sales in fiscal 2005. Over the last three years the compounded annual growth of converter sales has been 17% per year. ADI remains the market share leader by a wide margin and it is our top priority to continue growing our converter sales. We are aggressively engineering customer solutions along every dimension of performance: speed, accuracy, power efficiency, value, and system performance.

Amplifier products also continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue. At nearly half a billion dollars in sales, amplifiers continue to emerge not only as a growing product category in and of themselves, but also as an enabling technology embedded in signal processing solutions we design for consumer, communications, and industrial applications. In 2005, we continued to expand our technology portfolio into key analog areas such as high-speed clocks, which are found alongside most data converters, and phase-locked loops used in base stations and wireless industrial environments. We continue to innovate in radio frequency devices, as well as power management, temperature monitoring and MEMS motion sensors. In total, revenue from analog products climbed to 81% of sales in fiscal 2005. The remaining 19% of sales was derived from DSP products. In 2005, we made good progress against our strategy to develop a broad franchise of DSP customers that replicates the diversity and fragmentation which we have built in our analog franchise. General-purpose DSP revenue climbed to 35% of our DSP revenue in fiscal 2005. The end market profile of our Blackfin® DSP design wins now spans a wide range of industrial instrumentation, robotics, test and measurement, imaging, defense, and communications applications.

3

This year, many customers released their products in the market. These included: a portable video player that relies on the Blackfin to play 8 hours of high-quality video on a single battery charge; a wireless music system where a single Blackfin runs numerous audio formats as well as the communications protocols that enable a wireless connection; a professional camera with a dual core Blackfin that does color interpolation, auto exposure, white balancing, and gamma correction on 10 mega pixel images; a fingerprint recognition-based security system; and an automobile that uses Blackfin processors to run complex radar algorithms that help identify objects in the driver's blind spot. These are just a few examples of the many diverse Blackfin design wins that we expect will be introduced throughout the coming years. For ADI, one of our primary objectives in 2006 will be to continue the focus on products and end markets where our technology is unique and where we can earn high and sustainable returns because of this uniqueness. We took steps toward that objective in late 2005. We reorganized several business units to provide greater focus on our most promising programs. We also decided to consolidate our wafer fabrication operations at our two largest facilities in Massachusetts and Limerick. When completed at the end of fiscal 2006, the consolidation is estimated to result in savings of approximately $44 million per year and will make future expansion of our manufacturing infrastructure more cost effective. In 2006, we will continue to pursue opportunities to better focus our investments as we continue to innovate within the realm of signal processing. The need to control and monitor temperature, pressure, motion, video, audio, and images provides ADI with the opportunity to outgrow the overall semiconductor industry and produce above average returns for our shareholders. We believe our company can be even more successful in the future than we have been in the past. We are enormously proud of all that has been accomplished over ADI's 40-year history. And no discussion of our past, present, or future would be complete without recognizing the dedication, ingenuity, and energy of the people of Analog Devices. Our people innovate. Our people deliver. Our people satisfy customers. We have always asked much of our people, sharing in the rewards and the burdens. Despite the many challenges and the volatility since 2000, our people resoundingly agree that providing value to our customers and trust and respect for co-workers are what they like most about being a part of Analog Devices. These sentiments, coming from the most talented people in the signal processing industry, will be the fuel for our very bright future. Sincerely,

President and Chief Executive Officer

4

