2008 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders: While the world changed a great deal during fiscal year 2008, particularly during the last few months, we remain confident that ADI's unique competitive advantages will enable us to endure throughout the current downturn and ultimately thrive over the long term. We entered 2008 bolstered by a refined product portfolio and a heightened focus on market opportunities that offer attractive growth and profitability. Throughout the year, we continued to benefit from this strategy and to build upon our reputation for designing innovative products that create a competitive advantage for our customers. As a result, ADI's financial performance for the fiscal year was again solid. During fiscal 2008, our product revenue increased by 6% to $2.6 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations increased 17% to $1.77. Throughout the year, our balance sheet remained stable and we continued to generate strong and predictable cash flow. Operating cash flow totaled $669 million, or 26% of revenue, in fiscal 2008, after a reduction of $110 million of taxes associated with the sales of two businesses. We ended the year with $1.3 billion in cash and short-term investments and no debt.
Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS)
From Continuing Operations $2.00 $1.77 $1.50 $1.40 $1.51

$1.00

$0.50

$0.00 FY2006 FY2007 FY2008

During fiscal 2008, diluted EPS from continuing operations increased 17% to $1.77.

While no company remains unaffected by the turmoil in the world markets, we believe these unique competencies provide ADI with the strength to thrive over the long term: · ADI occupies a distinct, enviable position within the semiconductor industry. Our company's focus on real-world signal processing spans more than four decades. As a result of our relentless focus on developing a wide array of products to serve this market, we have built the strongest signal processing brand in the industry. Most importantly, we are gaining or maintaining market share in our strongest product areas: data converters and amplifiers. · The broad diversification of the markets, applications, and geographies we serve is a hallmark of the company. We serve over 60,000 customers worldwide with more than 10,000 standard products. Our product strategy is to develop core technologies that can enable significant levels of differentiation across a broad range of applications. This strategy has produced a portfolio of products that consistently allows ADI to win design-ins in multiple generations of applications across extremely diverse markets. This diversity provided a measure of stability in our results despite a challenging economic environment in fiscal 2008, and we believe it will continue to be an asset for us. · We are continuing our long-term strategy of targeting our investments to produce growth and profitability. As it has been for many years, our core signal processing business remains our highest investment priority. We've also extended our analog technology portfolio with investments in fast-growing areas such as radio frequency (RF), micro electrical mechanical systems (MEMS), and power management, all of which have the potential to be key contributors to our future growth. · We have the very best engineers in the industry whose consistent delivery of new products has helped to build an enduring franchise for ADI. Our engineering force is a stronghold of talent and provides a significant competitive advantage for ADI. Our people relish the opportunity to delve into and solve challenging technical problems, and our customers rely on our exceptional engineering talent as they design and produce their own products. Our engineers continually push the technological edge, adding to and supporting our diverse product portfolio to meet our customers' broad spectrum of high-performance signal processing needs.

President's Letter
· For more than four decades, we have focused on building strong, long-term relationships with our customers, and our level of service is without comparison. ADI has often been recognized as an outstanding supplier and we have developed a reputation for going the extra mile, whether the challenge is designing innovative signal processing technology that gives our customers' products a competitive advantage, partnering with customers on cost initiatives, meeting supply deadlines, or providing exceptional product support. We have long enjoyed the confidence of our customers and, as a result, ADI often gets the "first look" at emerging design-in opportunities. We believe our strength and stability will prove to be an important competitive asset, as manufacturers increasingly value suppliers that can be relied upon year after year. We will continue to work to strengthen our partnerships with our customers, constantly looking for ways to add value and to help them solve their most difficult technological issues. · We have financial strength and flexibility, borne of a strong business model and a tradition of fiscal conservatism. We believe that our sizable cash position, coupled with no debt and our continuing ability to generate strong cash flow, will allow us to continue working toward our long-term growth and profitability goals, even in the current difficult economic climate.

A World Leader in Signal Processing
ADI's continuing strength reflects the robustness and longevity of our analog technology portfolio. Sales of analog products grew 6% during fiscal 2008 and have grown at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11% over the past five years. One of the most significant attributes of our analog technology is Long Life Cycles Characterize ADI's Analog Products that many of these products have long and predictable life Sales by Year of Product Introduction cycles that often span a decade or more. Within our analog portfolio, data converters remain our largest and most diverse product family, and ADI continues to be the company that customers most often choose for the essential function of analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog conversion. Innovation has been the key to our decades of market leadership in converters, as our technology has been integral to enabling customers to differentiate their products and achieve competitive advantage. In fiscal 2008, our data converter revenue was $1.2 billion, or 46% of total revenue, which represents an increase of 8% from fiscal 2007. ADI's converter revenue has grown well ahead of the market with a five-year CAGR of 12% and we continue to gain market share in this important product category.
ADI Converter Revenue
Revenue ($ Millions) $1,400
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200 0 FY2003 FY2004 FY2005 FY2006 FY2007 FY2008

11

r Yea ive%F

R CAG

Year Product Introduced 2000-2008 1990-1999 1989 or Earlier

FY2003 FY2004

FY2005

FY2006 FY2007 FY2008

Many of ADI's analog products have long and predictable life cycles that often span a decade or more.

ea Five-Y 12%

r CAG

R

Amplifier products, the next largest area within our analog portfolio, contributed 23% of total revenue in fiscal 2008. Sales of our market-leading high-performance amplifiers grew 6% in fiscal 2008, and have grown at a five-year CAGR of 10%. Together, our amplifier and converter product categories represent thousands of products sold to tens of thousands of customers worldwide. Our "other analog" product category, which includes RF, principally for the communications market, and MEMS, primarily for the automotive and consumer electronics markets, represented 15% of total revenue in fiscal 2008 and has grown at a five-year CAGR of 13%.

ADI's converter revenue has grown well ahead of the market with a five-year CAGR of 12%.

2008 Annual Report
Power management and reference products make up the balance of our analog sales, comprising 6% of our total revenue in fiscal 2008. We believe that expansion of our power management portfolio affords us an opportunity to provide a greater share of our customers' analog bill of materials. As such, our strategy is to leverage our position with customers for whom we are already a leading supplier of signal processing technology, with the goal of creating a power management franchise to complement our leadership position in amplifiers and converters. Every year, we continue to build upon our existing analog technology portfolio and many of our new products break performance barriers. For example, in medical imaging applications, where size, speed, and power are critical considerations, ADI's new high-precision AD7626 PulSAR® ADC (successive approximation register analog-to-digital converter) is already being selected for high-performance digital X-ray systems. This latest addition to our extensive PulSAR® family is 2.5 times faster than other 16-bit SAR ADCs, 70% smaller, and offers the lowest power consumption in this class of converters. Other analog products we introduced in 2008 also continue to expand our existing technology families and take performance to new levels, such as the ADA4898 amplifier, which is the latest addition to our portfolio of low-noise operational amplifiers. It offers designers a unique blend of low distortion, low noise, and high speed for applications that also require high accuracy, such as radar-based collision avoidance systems and medical instrumentation. Also in 2008, our engineers completed work on a new continuous-time sigma-delta (CTSD) converter architecture for wireless infrastructure, medical, and other highperformance systems that demand uncompromised data resolution and wide bandwidth. The introduction of this architecture is particularly significant, as we believe it will serve as the core technology foundation for dozens, and possibly even hundreds, of new ADI data converter products over the next decade.
2008 Revenue By Product Category: $2.6 Billion
DSP 10% Other Analog · MEMS · RF · Other Analog Signal Processing 15%

Converters 46%

Power Management & References 6%

Amplifiers 23% During fiscal 2008, ADI's total product revenue grew 6% to $2.6 billion.

Digital signal processing (DSP) products complete our technology portfolio, and sales of our general purpose DSP products grew 10% in fiscal 2008. Within our well-established general purpose DSP product families, our Blackfin® processors continue to gain traction in a variety of automotive, industrial, and consumer electronics applications, and our SHARC® processors continue to set the standard for the professional audio market. Over the past five years, sales of our general purpose DSP products have grown at a CAGR of 8%, and as a result of the divestitures of our more commodity-like products, our DSP product line now more closely resembles our analog portfolio in terms of revenue growth rate, gross margin, and end market diversification.

Innovating Across a Range of End Markets
The complete design experience that we create around our products is another key aspect of our market leadership. Technically, signal processing integrated circuits (ICs) convert, condition, and process real-world phenomena such as light, sound, temperature, motion, and pressure into electrical signals. But that description doesn't begin to describe the essence of what ADI does for our customers and for our customers' customers ­ our true value is provided through collaboration with our customers to define the very best in the quality of the user experience. Our products enable the best possible images, sounds, interface, size, and performance in thousands of end applications. The industrial market, which accounts for almost half of our revenue and has grown at a five-year CAGR of 11%, provides a compelling example of the breadth and diversity of our business and the reach of our signal processing expertise. Spanning such diverse areas as industrial instrumentation, healthcare, automatic test equipment (ATE), automotive, and defense, industrial applications require our highest performance technology. The ADI brand is extremely strong amongst our industrial customers, and while historically the majority of our industrial growth has been derived from customers in the U.S. and Europe, we are now penetrating the market for new high-growth industrial applications throughout Asia.

President's Letter
Within the industrial category, healthcare is an exceptionally good fit for our 2008 Revenue By End Market product mix and engineering resources Consumer because this market is highly fragmented,  HDTV with diverse segments ranging from high Home Theater Industrial end medical imaging to consumer medical  Video & Still Cameras Instrumentation  Audio/Video Systems  Factory Automation devices. In the early stages of this  Video Games market's development, our engineers  Robotics  Process Control recognized that signal processing  Motor Controls innovations could help equipment  Energy Metering producers meet the industry's need for Computer higher-resolution imaging, faster Healthcare processing, and greater accessibility to Wireless Handsets diagnostic equipment. As a result, we ATE committed significant resources to Other Communications developing products for this market and Automotive our high-performance signal processing technology has enabled numerous Wireless Defense advances in products, such as ultrasound Infrastructure and CT (computed tomography) scanners, MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) equipment, PET (positron emission tomography) scanners, and digital X-ray devices. For example, our technology is widely used across multiple ultrasound platforms, as medical imaging designers strive to meet new and varied demand for a better balance between image quality and power efficiency. In a continuing effort to address this need, ADI announced two new eight-channel (octal) ultrasound receivers in 2008, the AD9272 and AD9273. The AD9272 features the industry's lowest terminated noise for high- and midend cart-based ultrasound machines that need superior image quality for patient diagnosis. Our new AD9273 is the most power-efficient device in its class for addressing the requirements of portable ultrasound systems. Both products follow our award-winning AD9271, which was the first device to integrate a complete octal ultrasound receiver on a single chip. In fiscal 2008, ADI further strengthened its commitment to the medical instrumentation market by creating a full-time team to focus on the healthcare market. This new team has been charged with both developing high-performance components for this market and assisting our customers with creating system solutions. Automotive is another area within the industrial category where ADI has achieved significant market penetration. The automotive industry relies on electronics to quickly bring differentiated features to market and, as a result, electronic equipment content in automobiles now accounts for over 25% of total vehicle cost. At ADI, we set out to identify opportunities in the automotive industry where we could deliver sustainable, differentiated innovation. As a result, we have been able to leverage the signal processing expertise we gained in other markets to develop new products for key automotive subsystems. There are now dozens of applications within a car where ADI's technologies are being used to drive major innovations in safety systems, infotainment (entertainment, communications, and navigation systems), and power train electronics. While automotive manufacturers have been dramatically affected by the global economic downturn, they continue to have active programs underway, such as the development of hybrid and electric vehicles and governmentmandated pollution and safety systems, that should result in even more electronic content in new cars. For example, government mandates for electronic stability control in the U.S. and Europe are creating demand for MEMS sensors, such as our accelerometers and gyroscopes, which provide a highly reliable and cost-effective solution for meeting this new requirement. ADI's share of the cellular communications infrastructure market also continues to increase. Our broad technology base and engagement with leading manufacturers has led to the pervasiveness of our products among wireless infrastructure applications. While we have long enjoyed a leading market position in high-performance data converters for base stations, we have also expanded our offerings for this market to include RF products, which has significantly increased ADI's available market opportunity. Revenue from base station customers, which is the largest portion of our communications sales, has grown at a five-year CAGR of 18%.

2008 Annual Report
In the consumer electronics market, where our revenue has grown at a five-year CAGR of 15%, our customers are using ADI technology to differentiate their end products and improve the user experience. Our technology is setting new standards in visual quality, sound, and motion sensing for the latest and most advanced digital cameras, high-definition televisions, highend home audio systems, and video game applications. Though our revenue from this market decreased in fiscal 2008 as a result of the broad-based decline in consumer electronics spending, we believe there are opportunities to continue to expand our footprint in the top brands by providing new functionality that changes the user experience. For example, in digital still cameras, where we are the leading provider of analog front-end components, we also now provide stereo codecs, as cameras have begun to feature motion video; HDMI connectivity for connecting to high-definition televisions; and lens drivers to control focus to enhance optics and zoom.

Looking Ahead to 2009
While no one can predict what course the global economy will take over the next year, we have managed through periods of economic uncertainty many times in our long history and in 2009, we will continue to take the necessary actions to position the company for revenue growth and earnings leverage when business conditions improve. We will continue to concentrate our investments on product areas that offer the best opportunities for differentiation, growth, and profitability and reduce spending on those areas that do not meet these criteria. We are also continuing to execute our wafer fab consolidation in Ireland which began last year, and plan to consolidate our two remaining U.S. wafer production sites into one facility at our existing Wilmington, Massachusetts location. Once completed, these consolidations will permanently reduce ADI's manufacturing costs. Through this combination of our strategic rebalancing of product investments and fab consolidations, along with reductions in variable and discretionary costs, we believe we can achieve short-term savings as well as a fundamentally lower cost structure. We are fortunate that we have the financial strength to enact strategic, targeted measures to reduce costs in response to the current economy, rather than being forced to take more radical actions that might weaken our company long term. Over more than four decades, we have established a foundation of signal processing innovation and market leadership, and created a culture of discipline, operational excellence, integrity, and financial transparency that is woven into the fabric of ADI. We have built our company to last and we are confident that our prospects in the marketplace remain strong. In the coming year, we will continue to use our collective energies and talents to create an even better future for our shareholders, our customers, and our employees. Sincerely,

I would like to thank Joseph McDonough, who has retired from his position as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) after 25 years with ADI, for his many contributions to our organization. Joe is a respected leader who helped to develop ADI's strategic focus and business model and also worked with purpose and dedication to create a finance organization that is a pillar of strength for the company. In the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we announced that we had appointed David Zinsner as our new CFO, and believe that his knowledge of the semiconductor industry, combined with his broadranging financial expertise, will be essential to our future success. We also recently announced the promotion of Seamus Brennan, a longtime ADI employee, to vice president, corporate controller, and chief accounting officer. Seamus has been instrumental in implementing world-class systems and processes that have helped ADI maximize efficiency and comply with the highest standards of financial reporting and corporate governance.

Jerald G. Fishman President and Chief Executive Officer

