     Dear Stockholders:
In my letter to you one year ago, I wrote:
“We believe that ... the headwinds we faced in 2015 may extend into 2016. As such, we are pulling the levers within our control. ... focus[ing] on managing run-rate costs while reducing invested capital and growing synergies and sales in recently acquired businesses.”
With relatively few exceptions, 2016 unfolded as we expected. The macroeconomic and industry conditions that weighed down our financial results in 2015 — including large global crop supplies, and both low prices and volatility that limited merchandising opportunities — persisted through much of the first half of 2016.
During this period, we implemented operational efficiency projects that, by year’s end, resulted in over $300 million in run-rate cost savings. We captured nearly $540 million in incremental revenues from recent investments. And, we mone- tized nearly $700 million of assets that were no longer strategic for ADM, which allowed us to redeploy this capital toward more productive uses. We anticipate reaching $1 billion in monetized assets by the end of 2017.
When conditions in some of our key businesses began to improve toward the end of the second quarter, we were well- positioned to capitalize. Operating performance in the second half of the year improved significantly compared with the same period in 2015, and we entered 2017 a more efficient, more agile, more confident organization capable of delivering stronger results in what we expect will be a better operating environment.
For calendar year 2016, net earnings were $1.28 billion compared with $1.85 billion in 2015; adjusted earnings per share totaled $2.16 compared with $2.61 in the prior year. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted return on invested capital was 5.9 percent, 70 basis points below our 6.6 percent weighted average cost of capital. And, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases as part of our balanced capital-allocation framework.
Even though we faced headwinds during the year, we were not satisfied with our overall 2016 financial results. However, we hope to see significantly improved results in 2017 as we begin to realize the benefits of the work we’ve already done to implement our three-part business strategy, outlined below.
Advancing our strategy
Each year, our leadership team carefully assesses the competitive landscape, economic outlook and long-term growth pro- jections for our various markets to ensure that our business strategy remains sound and relevant. In the process, we take into account the major global trends shaping our industry, including increased protein demand driven by a growing global population with higher incomes; soaring consumer interest in foods that promote health and wellness; and the increasing use of technology to drive product innovation and improved customer service.
In 2016, this process of reviewing the overall operating environment reaffirmed my confidence in our three-part strategy, which is to optimize our existing businesses; drive operational excellence to reduce costs and improve efficiency companywide; and grow strategically through the expansion of our customer base, product portfolio, geographic footprint and production volumes.
Following are highlights of our 2016 accomplishments in each of our areas of strategic focus.
1. Optimize our existing businesses: Our Ag Services business unit sold our 19.9 percent stake in GrainCorp, making the capital available for more productive uses. And, the team upgraded several North American elevators to handle record U.S. grain exports. The Corn Processing business unit completed the divestiture of our sugarcane ethanol operations in Brazil, and the Animal Nutrition team made substantial cost and yield improvements to strengthen the performance of our lysine business.
 
 Our Oilseeds Processing team engineered successful turnarounds in our Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts subsidiary, our India operations, and our European specialty oils and fats business. Oilseeds also added switch capacity at more facilities in North America and Europe to enable them to process different feedstocks and capture margins in a variety of operating environments. In WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, we drove cost and revenue synergies from recent acquisitions, and we began to restructure and better integrate our specialty commodities business to improve its performance. In addition, our corporate teams did an excellent job of managing costs and supporting our business units in a year of active portfolio-management.
2. Operational excellence: Our operations and R&D teams joined forces to reduce our run-rate costs by over
$300 million, and we successfully implemented important components of our 1ADM business process-transformation project with a successful deployment in our North American Ag Services business. We will expand this initiative to the rest of the organization over the next few years.
In addition, early in 2017, we broadened our approach to operational excellence to include our entire organization through an initiative called “Project Readiness.” This effort will reduce costs as we standardize solutions to address deviations from accepted processes and practices. Customers will also experience better and more timely service as we increase our use of data, analytics and automation.
3. Growing strategically: Our Ag Services business unit increased its destination-market activities through, among other things, our acquisition of a 50 percent stake in Egypt’s Medsofts Group, which will enable us to offer commodity merchandising, transportation and delivery services to customers in this growing market.
The Corn Processing team continued to grow its Animal Nutrition business, opening a new production facility in Glencoe, Minnesota; announcing the expansion and modernization of plants in Quincy and Effingham, Illinois, and Columbus, Nebraska; and, in early 2017, acquiring Crosswind Industries, a Kansas-based pet treat producer.
Meanwhile, after acquiring full ownership of Eastern European sweetener producer Eaststarch C.V. in 2015, we announced the expansion of former Eaststarch facilities in Bulgaria and Turkey and acquired an additional sweetener plant in Morocco.
Our Oilseeds Processing business worked with Wilmar International Limited, a leading Asian agribusiness, to turn the Olenex oils and fats marketing partnership into a full-function joint venture, while our Stratas JV with Associated British Foods acquired New Jersey-based Supreme Oil Co., which will significantly strengthen Stratas’ northeastern U.S. business. We also increased our ownership stake in Wilmar, which enables us to participate in the growth of food demand in emerging markets, including China.
WFSI expanded its portfolio and footprint by acquiring Amazon Flavors — Brazil’s leading producer of natural extracts, emulsifiers and compounds — and Caterina Foods, a producer of specialty high-protein and gluten-free pas- tas. The team also opened a customer innovation center in Cranbury, New Jersey.
Finally, to help accelerate the organic-growth component of our strategy, we established ADM Ventures to oversee select high-potential new-product development projects in all four business units; nurture promising, early-stage start-up companies in which ADM may wish to invest; and invest in more mature, proven start-ups with strong growth potential.
We believe the combined impact of these various accomplishments, initiatives and transactions will further our efforts to set the competitive standard in all of our businesses while driving profitable growth.
Safety and sustainability
Our goal is to reduce our recordable- and lost-workday incident rates every year. While 80 percent of ADM’s 750 facilities experienced no recordable injuries in 2016, and while our injury rates are less than 15 percent of the U.S. food- manufacturing industry average, the fact that our incident rates did not improve year-over-year has heightened our teams’ resolve to make 2017 our safest year ever.
In sustainability, we reached our “15-by-20” goals for 15 percent reductions in energy and water intensity by 2020, and we’re on track to meet our emissions and waste goals. We are also advancing work to implement both our Respect for Human Rights Policy and the No-Deforestation Policy covering our soybean and palm supply chains. These achievements underscore our insistence on doing business the ADM Way: safely, responsibly and with integrity.
Our people make us great
Credit for the past year’s accomplishments goes to my 32,000 colleagues worldwide, who once again demonstrated their commitment to excellence through their hard work in 2016. We are committed to investing in training and continuing education to develop the skills of our current workforce even as we attract a diverse base of new talent to round out our capabilities and help create a leadership bench for the future.

 Looking ahead
In 2017, we will continue working to extend our value chain to capture margins in a variety of ways:
• WewillkeepgettingclosertoourcustomersbyfurthergrowingAgServices’destination-marketingbusiness;
• Wewillincreaseourprocessingcapacityinregionswheredemandforourfoodandfeedingredientsisgrowing;
• Wewillcontinuetocapturesynergiesandtop-linesalesinourWFSIspecialty-ingredientbusinessasweincreaseour capabilities and expand our portfolio.
This year, we will begin commercialization of products from our two newly built value-added ingredient plants — a soluble-fiber production facility in Tianjin, China, and a specialty proteins complex in Campo Grande, Brazil — as well as some smaller greenfield investments. We believe that together, they will make important contributions to future earnings.
At the same time, we will continue to focus on reducing costs and invested capital, and on driving revenues from new acquisitions and major projects. Specifically, we have targeted an additional $225 million in run-rate cost savings, $300 million in monetized assets, and a $500 million increase in revenues from certain recent investments.
As we continue advancing our strategy, we are encouraged by many of the new U.S. administration’s priorities, including regulatory and tax reform and infrastructure investment. We are also optimistic about the potential for modernizing exist- ing free-trade agreements. Today, the U.S. exports more than $130 billion in agricultural products each year. Those exports generate an additional $170 billion in domestic economic activity and support roughly 1.2 million U.S. jobs. So few issues are as critical for our industry as healthy, robust free and fair trade in agriculture.
In summary, we are confident about our prospects for significantly improved financial performance in 2017. Our experi- ence working through the challenges of 2015 and the first half of 2016 made clear that some of the most important drivers of future performance are in our own hands. We will continue to drive efficiencies, cost-savings and customer excellence. We expect increased contributions from new facilities and projects as they ramp up during the year. And we are optimistic that our work to grow and diversify our geographic footprint, manage our business portfolio, expand our product offerings, and add adjacent businesses when appropriate will benefit our customers and shareholders well into the future.
Sincerely yours,
Juan Luciano
Chairman, CEO and President
* This letter refers to non-GAAP, or “adjusted,” financial measures that exclude certain items from the comparable GAAP measure. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP items to GAAP, please refer to Annex A to the enclosed proxy statement and page 32 of the enclosed Form 10-K.
     