TO THE SHAREHOLDERS AND EMPLOYEES OF ADM:
Since the first of May, when I became Chief Executive Officer, I have been asked about my view of the future for our Company. My view can be summed up in the title of this annual report:

We See Opportunity...
Most dynamic, successful companies on a trajectory of growth inevitably encounter critical points of change that present unprecedented opportunity for positive, long-term growth. ADM has arrived at such a point. Two major world developments are before us: the growing demand for food to feed a rising world population and the quest for alternative fuel sources to supply expanding energy needs. ADM is uniquely positioned in the intersection of these two developments, with the expertise and capacity to address both. To do so, ADM and our partners along the supply chain must aggressively pursue technological advancements to make agricultural or dormant land more productive, to process renewable resources more efficiently, and to create new fuel and industrial products. These technological advances are already occurring. At the same time, our Company must choose to move forward with a sense of purpose. We must have
Patricia A. Woertz Chief Executive Officer and President



Archer Daniels Midland Company / 2006 Annual Report

the desire and ability to drive growth simultaneously in both food and biofuels. Without question, we have that desire and ability. Clearly, this is the opportunity we see. Record Performance Our performance last year provides strong momentum to capitalize on these opportunities. In fiscal 2006, we achieved our second consecutive year of record earnings and extended our record of uninterrupted dividends to 74 years. Net earnings increased 26% to $1.3 billion, or $2.00 per share. Credit for this performance goes to ADM employees. In a year of change, they continued to focus on capturing opportunities through market insight, technological savvy and commitment to customers' needs. Their efforts--aligned with our Company's sound strategy, well-positioned portfolio of global assets and strong leadership team--enhanced our foundation for future growth. Strategic Progress In 2006, we executed strongly against our key business strategies. We announced expansion of our U.S. ethanol capacity to 1.65 billion gallons annually, building new dry-milling facilities adjacent to existing corn wet-milling plants. Leveraging our experience and success in the biodiesel market in Europe, we are building biodiesel plants in the U.S. and South America. We continue to increase the flexibility of our processing capabilities to meet changing market conditions. In Europe, we are modifying our Netherlands soybean crushing facility to process both rapeseed and soybeans. We are also building a palm oil refinery at our facility in Hamburg, Germany, which will become Europe's largest refinery capable of simultaneously refining rapeseed, soy and palm oils. We continue to enhance our strong, legacy position in food processing through investments to serve growing markets, including building a new cocoa processing facility in the U.S. to meet increasing needs for high-quality cocoa ingredients. We are also investing in new areas that have the potential to grow into legacy positions. The convergence of factors that is stimulating the quest for renewable fuel



sources--constrained oil supply, rising energy demand, geopolitical uncertainty and environmental concern--is also creating enhanced opportunities for bio-based industrial products. In partnership with Metabolix, we are building the first commercial plant to produce PHA plastics. And we announced plans to build a propylene glycol facility to create renewable alternatives to petroleum-based industrial chemicals. We continue to align our assets to balance capacity with demand and rationalize our portfolio. We completed the consolidation of our specialty fats business in the U.K. and closed our citric acid facility in Ireland. In Brazil, we closed two of our oilseed processing plants to adjust to changing market conditions. As an energy producer, we take seriously our responsibility to be an energy conserver. We are building coal-fired co-generation plants in Nebraska and Iowa to help our corn milling operations become even more energy efficient. Our planned capital spending program for fiscal years 2007-2008 is over $2.4 billion. This substantially increased level of investment is well-supported by our financial strength and aligned with a strong portfolio of growth projects matched to a remarkable set of opportunities. Accelerating Performance Remarkable opportunities require remarkable people to bring them to fruition. At ADM, we have such people. Their extraordinary range of talents and expertise is a fundamental strength of our Company. Our leadership team has defined the key operational priorities that will facilitate our growth. Chief among them is continuous learning, to accelerate the already strong performance of our people. We also recognize the need for our Company's leadership to provide the foundation for
The ADM Strategic Planning Committee (from left: Brian Peterson, William Camp, Steven Mills, David Smith, Patricia Woertz, Douglas Schmalz and John Rice) discusses corporate growth initiatives. 



Archer Daniels Midland Company / 2006 Annual Report

a culture that fosters strong ethics. Staying safe, managing costs and enabling capital discipline round out the priorities that will enable us to arrive at our ultimate destination: sustained profitable growth. I have asked each member of our senior leadership team to champion a key area to drive this progress. Our goal is to create the conditions where our people can contribute the best that is in them, where they unite around deeply held values and a shared view of what we want to accomplish, and where they feel supported, appreciated and inspired to do the best work of their lives. Looking Forward As the world's need for food and biofuels grows, competitive advantage will go to companies that recognize and are able to respond to the interconnected nature of these needs. We are such a company. Our strengths include: strong relationships with farmers, access to crops, agricultural processing expertise, the ability to produce a variety of products, the agility to align production with changing market needs, innovative partnerships with customers, and the extensive logistical capabilities to link crops to products and products to markets. In the pages of this annual report, you will read about some of the actions we are taking to build on these strengths. More importantly, you will meet some of the people through whom we see and realize opportunity. A discussion of opportunity would not be complete without expressing our gratitude to Allen Andreas, Chairman of the Board, whose leadership positioned our Company to capitalize on our opportunity. I am grateful for the encouragement and wise counsel he has given me. I also want to thank all of our directors for their support and for the enthusiasm with which they view our future. Finally, this letter began with the message: We see opportunity. By focusing on the unprecedented opportunity in both food and biofuels and by emphasizing ADM's historic and emerging strengths, we move forward with a new sense of purpose--one that invigorates the long-running performance of our Company.

Patricia A. Woertz Chief Executive Officer and President



