Archer Daniels Midland Company

2005 Annual R e p o r t

Dear Shareholders:
This past year ADM reported record earnings of $1 billion, producing doubledigit returns on shareholders' equity. These results reflect the application of our intellectual capital to the management of our network of global assets. Our strong cash flows were reinvested in our businesses, used to strengthen our balance sheet, and returned to our shareholders as dividends and share repurchases. Our financial condition is solid and we are positioned to seize future opportunities in our markets. The foundation for our business is agricultural processing. Whether we are creating ethanol from corn, protein meal from oilseeds, flour from wheat, or producing hundreds of other products, ADM is the essential link between the local farm and the global economy. We recognize the sustainable value to be derived from nature's bounty. This value can be expanded and we are greatly encouraged by the confluence of global trends that exists today. First among these trends is the growth of major economies in the world's most populous nations, specifically China and India. In these nations, and across much of Asia, economic development is following a predictable pattern. Development leads to expanded incomes, a growing middle class and increased demand for protein. ADM is currently positioned with global investments that serve these growing needs. We have invested in crop sourcing, distribution and processing facilities that support rising consumer expectations. The same holds true in Eastern Europe, where we have invested in facilities to serve growing markets. Economic growth also drives demand for energy and ADM's investments in ethanol and biodiesel production appear timely. Led by growing energy

P a g e

2

demand from China and India, along with expanded requirements in North America and Europe, global energy markets are creating new opportunities for fuel derived from renewable crops. Technology completes the equation for expanded agricultural value. In addition to ADM serving as an essential link between the farm and the global economy, we are increasingly becoming an essential link between innovative technologies and production expertise. Higher petroleum prices and tight energy supplies create new constraints in many industries. ADM is expanding its research partnerships to develop alternative products from renewable, agricultural feedstocks. As we close out the summer of 2005, we see increasing evidence that agriculture's value will rise sharply around the globe, driving both long and short-term opportunities for ADM. There is no direct route from the opportunities we discover today to the fiscal results of tomorrow. We are confident that long-term trends are emerging to support significant growth potential in our industry. Just as we have committed to you in the past, we will invest in the future with discipline, to create growing returns for our shareholders. Sincerely,

G. Allen Andreas Chairman and Chief Executive

P a g e

3

