 to the shareholders and employees oF adm,
adm’s strength has long been in the synergy of acumen and assets. the deep experience and insight of our people, combined with our global network of large-scale assets—balanced across the agricultural processing value chain—allow us to identify and then add value to opportunities as they arise. in 2008, we deployed our unique combination of acumen and assets against
an exceptional set of global opportunities and challenges and again delivered excellent financial results. even as strong demand for crops and commodities challenged the global supply chain, we continued to capture value for our shareholders as we met our customers’ needs for food, feed, fuel and industrial products.
2 adm 2008 annual report
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Patricia A. Woertz at ADM’s offices in São Paulo, Brazil.

 FY 08 FY 07 FY 06
3.44 3.16
For the year, net earnings reached $1.8 billion, or $2.79 per share, compared to 2007 results of $2.2 billion in net earnings, or $3.30 per share. net earnings for 2007 included after-tax gains on asset sales of $665 million, or $1.01 per share.
results for the year were highlighted by record segment operating profit of $3.4 billion, a 9% increase over 2007. this was our third consecutive year of record segment operating profits. net sales rose 59%, to $70 billion. this increase reflects higher average selling prices due primarily to increases in underlying commodity prices. and we increased our dividend and extended our record of uninterrupted payments to 76 years.
our commitment is to achieve the right results, the right way, which includes working safely. in 2008, we reduced lost work day frequency by 22%, and total recordable incidents by 12%, from 2007 totals. this was our eighth consecutive year of double-digit improvements in safety, as we pursue our commitment to zero incidents, zero injuries.
vital to the world
excellent earnings and record segment operating profits underscore the vitality of our business model, which spans the agricultural value chain from procurement
and transportation, through processing, to distribution, marketing and sales. With this model, we serve a critical function of reliably connecting crops to domestic and global markets. We produce the right products and deliver them at the right time to serve vital needs.
to say that adm today is vital to the world is not a boast; rather, it is an acknowledgement of the role we fulfill as one of the world’s largest agricultural processors.
in a world where global demand for food is projected to double by 2050, adm’s ability to source, store, transport and transform crops into essential nutrients for people and livestock grows more vital every day. and in a world where energy demands are rising while traditional supplies
are constrained, adm’s ability to produce renewable alter- natives becomes essential.
to fulfill our vital role requires something of “bifocal” vision. We must look ahead to the future—planning and investing now to ensure we continue to have the scale and reach
to serve growing global needs. at the same time, we are mindful that each quarter and each year external factors— volatile commodity prices, planting decisions, weather conditions — present new sets of challenges and opportu- nities. that’s why we devoted effort this year to building our internal capacity and our collaborative culture to sustain the growth of our global enterprise well into the future. We strongly believe that the positive steps we’ve taken stand to enhance our profitability now and for years to come.
aligned For growth
our actions to build success align with our historic core strengths:
• An unpArAlleled globAl network of crop procurement and transportation assets. adm’s procurement network includes more than 300 facilities on six continents, and we continue to add capacity in strategically important geographic areas as customer demand and new opportunities warrant. For example, last year we acquired a large network of grain elevators and rail shipping terminals in illinois. this additional infrastructure enables adm to increase service to local farmers while ensuring a steady flow of commodities for adm’s own food, feed and fuel production, and merchandising needs.
• processing scAle And A product portfolio of depth And breAdth serving diverse mArkets. our more than 230 processing plants around the world generate
a remarkable array of products made from corn,
wheat, cocoa, oilseeds and other feedstocks, and the breadth of our operations gives us flexibility to adjust our manufacturing activities to respond to shifts in
a dynamic global marketplace. in 2008, we continued expanding our oilseed processing capacity to meet increasing demand for protein meal and for low-transfat and transfat-free oils. We recently acquired a rapeseed crushing facility in Germany, giving us new access to markets in Central and eastern europe. We are continu- ally investing in our corn wet mills to expand output and lower operating costs. and we are increasing our cocoa processing infrastructure with the addition of new plants in Kumasi, Ghana, and hazelton, pa., both of which are expected to commence operations in fiscal 2009.
   2.06
segment operating proFit
(in $ billions)
vital to the World 3

 our insight into crop availability—combined with our global sourcing network, delivery capabilities and processing efficiencies—helped to keep products moving to customers despite market- and weather-related disruptions.
• pArtnership with food And feed customers to deliver ingredients with the nutritional proFile they need. in a changing world, with volatile commodity prices and evolving consumer preferences, we work
with customers to provide cost-effective solutions from among the array of ingredients we create from the
crops we process. this year, as crop prices rose, we collaborated with feed customers to identify affordable nutrient blends using alternatives such as canola meal, soybean meal and distiller’s dried grains combined with advanced nutritional additives. our insight into crop availability—combined with our global sourcing network, delivery capabilities and processing efficiencies—helped to keep products moving to customers despite market- and weather-related disruptions.
• Adding new product streAms thAt leverAge our Assets And network to enhAnce totAl vAlue. For a well-balanced company like adm, with existing scale in corn wet milling and oilseed processing, the bioenergy business presents unique opportunities. With key crop inputs leveraged across the product chain, total value is enhanced. in 2008, we continued to build to capture this value. our two new u.s. corn dry mills will come on line in 2009 and 2010, and will initially increase our annual u.s. ethanol production capacity to 1.65 billion gallons. in fiscal 2008, we opened biodiesel plants in velva, n.d., and rondonopolis, brazil. and, we advanced our collab- orative effort to develop renewable transportation fuels derived from biomass.
• continuous drive for efficiencies. We continually deploy technologies to reduce resource consumption
in our manufacturing processes. For example, over the past five years, we have reduced water consumption for ethanol production by more than 35%. our two new coal cogeneration plants, which will cost-effectively provide steam and electricity for two large integrated corn pro- cessing complexes, are scheduled to be fully operational by year-end 2009. and our research into technologies
such as cellulosic fermentation, liquefaction, pyrolysis and gasification is pointing the way to second- and third- generation renewable fuels with the potential to foster greater energy efficiency and environmental benefits.
• An experienced mAnAgement teAm dedicAted to Applying Acumen And Assets to build shAreholder value. in 2008, we reorganized to streamline our opera- tions, enhance accountability across the Company, and provide leadership opportunities for more colleagues. We also chartered several cross-functional, international teams focused on areas such as sustainability and risk management, and we created development plans for more than 3,000 colleagues.
as we consider the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead for our Company, i want to touch on an issue of importance to the agribusiness sector as a whole. this past year, there was considerable public discussion
about the ability of agriculture to provide for both food and energy needs in a responsible, sustainable manner. adm shares the view of many that farmers in the u.s. and around the globe have the ability to increase productivity to meet growing global demand. that ability will be en- hanced in coming years by technological advances that will boost crop yields, reduce waste, improve processing methods, and reduce water and energy usage. We are confident that, with these advances, agriculture can effectively and sustainably meet global needs for food and feed and play an increasing role in the production of renewable fuels and chemicals.
•••
“as variable as the weather” is just a figure of speech to many. to us, it is a reality we address every day. We look ahead knowing that, whatever may come, our assets
are well positioned and our people are ready to seek out and capture value—with integrity, responsibility and an abiding commitment to the interests of our shareholders, customers, employees, communities and the world at large. We are vital to the world. and we intend to fulfill our role, with passion and vitality.
patricia a. woertz
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President September 2008
 4
adm 2008 annual report
