LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
DP had a terrific year in í98. We had good revenue and earnings growth, made important strategic investments in our future, and significantly strengthened our organizational leadership. Our strategies are sound and our future looks bright. The market rewarded us with a large increase in shareholder value. ADP had a terrific year. Let me tell you more.

A
2

FISCAL í98

In í98, ADP continued its unique growth by reporting its 148th consecutive quarter of record revenue and earnings per share (EPS) and its 37th consecutive year of double-digit increases in EPS. I am especially pleased with the acceleration of our internal growth rate in Employer Services (ES), ADPís largest ó and oldest ó business. With strong sales and improved client retention, our ES internal growth rate increased by about 3% to 14%, our biggest uptick and best growth rate in several years. With this acceleration, consolidated revenue increased 17% to $4.8 billion. Excluding a small one-time write-off in í97, pretax earnings increased 17%, net earnings were up 15% and EPS

increased 13% to $2.04 from $1.80 last year. All of these growth numbers are higher when compared to the reported data for í97, which included the write-off. This year, all of the per share amounts we discuss refer to basic earnings per share. Starting in í99, our disclosures will focus primarily on diluted earnings per share which have been about 3% lower, but have had growth rates similar to basic earnings per share. In recognition of these strong operating results, our Board declared its twenty-fourth consecutive annual dividend increase, from $.46 to $.53 per share, effective January 1, 1998.

ADP has significant financial strength and liquidity. Cash flow from operations exceeded $850 million and year-end cash and marketable securities approximated $1.7 billion, after spending of $379 million in í98 to acquire businesses and ADP shares. We purchased 896,000 ADP shares on the open market to fund employee equity plans. Shareholdersí equity exceeds $3.4 billion. More than half of the holders of our convertible debt converted to equity this year, reducing our already low, long-term debt to equity ratio to 6%. Our return on shareholders equity is a healthy 20%. Capital expenditures for the year were $199 million, about 4% of revenue. This compared to $175 million last year.

LOOK AT THE FUTURE

í98 was also a year of investment. We invested significant amounts in growth opportunities, product and service enhancements, a reengineering program and, along with everyone else, in Year 2000 software fixes. We spent in excess of $30 million in Year 2000 fixes in í98 after having started the process several years ago. We are in excellent shape. Virtually all of our core systems changes are completed. The remaining ancillary systems should be completed in calendar 1998, and calendar 1999 will be dedicated primarily to testing to make sure the transition goes well. Our í98 investments, many of which will continue, position us well for future growth. They are consistent with our growth strategies, which focus primarily on expanding our positions in each core business where we already have leading market positions and lots of remaining opportunities. Our priorities are: ï Deliver world class client service to enhance value and increase client retention. ï Increase market penetration by broadening product lines and distribution channels. ï Provide ancillary products which create incremental value. ï Expand existing businesses internationally.
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

In Employer Services, the acquisition of Royal Bank of Canadaís $50 million payroll and human resource services solidifies our position as the premier provider of payroll, human resource, and related employer services in Canada. The acquisition of a majority interest in a $60 million provider of payroll, human resource and accounting services in Brazil gives us an excellent platform for further expansion in Latin America. The acquisition of William M. Mercerís $50 million benefits administration service enhances our position as a major provider of benefits administration outsourcing. In Europe, we acquired Audatex. Their revenue of $80 million clearly makes us the leading provider of automotive claims services in Europe. We also review each business and product line and dispose of those that are no longer strategically relevant. In í98, we sold several businesses with $95 million of annual revenues. We will continue this process in í99.
INCREASING SHAREHOLDER VALUE

ADP supplements its internal growth with strategic acquisitions that extend our markets or add applications to our product sets. In í98, we acquired 11 separate businesses.

We are firmly committed to increasing shareholder value. That is why Iíve been so pleased to see our substantial share price increase in fiscal í98. Our priority in increasing shareholder value is to accelerate our internal growth rates. While there are many components to internal growth, achieving World Class Service is our single most important objective. It will increase client retention and sales to new and existing clients. World Class Service begins with the initial prospect contact and includes product quality, installation effectiveness and client responsiveness.

This year, we spent more than an incremental $30 million in tools, processes, and staffing to move toward our World Class Service goal. We improved significantly with record client retention and sales in most of our businesses. Despite this strong performance, we did not yet achieve our desired returns on investment. To do this, we will further increase our service commitment and our investment, because this goal is so important. I am confident that we will make further improvements and achieve our desired results. This year we are going to weigh our World Class Service investment more toward making ADP the employer of choice for our present and future associates. Toward these objectives, we will improve associate training and development, communication and career pathing. We will also create a more flexible and supportive work environment. Being an employer of choice is a building block to providing World Class Service. This supports an accelerating internal growth rate which is a key to increasing shareholder value.
LEADERSHIP MAKES IT HAPPEN

I added the title of Chairman to my CEO responsibilities. Gary Butler, a 23-year ADP associate, and most recently the leader of Employer Services, was named President and Chief Operating Officer. Russ Fradin was promoted to lead Employer Services-North America, Mike Martone to lead Dealer Services and John Barfitt to lead Claims Services. Eugene Hall joined ADP as Senior Vice President, and John Barfitt and Bill Campbell were promoted to Corporate Vice President in recognition of their important contributions and responsibilities. We have strong leadership.
FORECAST

I am confident that ADP is well positioned for long-term growth and profitability. We have the businesses, the clients, the competencies, technologies, business leaders, and the associates to continue to grow ADP. In í99, we expect another year of double-digit revenue and earnings per share growth. I hope you share my excitement, enthusiasm and optimism. I want to especially thank the 34,000 ADP associates whose efforts and results make it all possible.

98 was also a year of significant leadership change for ADP. Josh Weston, our Chairman and long-time Chief Executive Officer, who laid the groundwork for our recent positive results, retired in April 1998. We are fortunate that Josh will remain on the ADP Board and Board Executive Committee. Everyone at ADP, especially me, owes Josh a lot and we are very grateful.

ARTHUR F. WEINBACH CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

August 13, 1998

3

