 2 ADP 2003 Annual Report
Gary C. Butler Arthur F. Weinbach Dear Shareholders,
 By ADP standards, fiscal 2003 was a difficult year. To help put that into perspective, in fiscal 2003, ADP had revenues in excess of $7 billion, net
earnings of $1 billion, a return on equity of almost 20% and we continued our AAA financial rating by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. Strong results compared to most standards. For fiscal 2004, our forecast is for mid single- digit revenue growth and a decline of 5 to 10% in earnings per share. Our decision to make significant investments in future growth combined with the current interest rate environment are the primary reasons for the earnings per share decline.
The questions are:
1. Why was this a difficult period?
2. Why has ADP chosen to invest more now?
3. How does this affect the long-term outlook for ADP?
We will answer these questions in the text of this letter.
Why was this a difficult period?
The continued weak economy has impacted Employer Services, Brokerage Services and interest rates in a sig- nificant way.
Employer Services has been impacted by the weak- ened economy with fewer new company formations, fewer decisions to change methods of processing, fewer employees employed by our clients and minimal growth in
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
and financial strength provide us the ability to pursue opportunities even in times of economic uncertainty.
  
 ADP 2003 Annual Report 5
In January, we acquired SMS, a market leader in the highly fragmented job tax credit market (an added appli- cation across our Small Business, Major Accounts and National Accounts Employer Services markets).
We also review each business and product line and dispose of those businesses that are no longer strategi- cally relevant. In fiscal 2003, we sold or announced the intention to exit businesses with approximately $65 million of revenues.
Major Initiatives
We remain focused on three major initiatives, which are important throughout economic cycles.
We are committed to providing World Class Service to our clients.
We must provide Product Leadership within our markets.
We cannot succeed unless we attract and retain knowledgeable and committed associates so we must be an Employer of Choice.
While the journey is not always a straight line, we are proud of our progress in each of these areas.
THE MOST CRITICAL
element in ADP’s success and future is our team
of 41,000 associates who make the services we deliver every day superior.
Our Associates
The most critical element in ADP’s success and future is our team of 41,000 associates who make the services we deliver every day superior. We are fortunate to attract and retain motivated, talented people who are committed to our aspirations and who help us win in the marketplace. We particularly want to thank our ADP associates whose efforts and results make our success possible.
The Future
We are confident about ADP’s long-term prospects for good internal growth supplemented by selective acquisi- tions. We have the businesses, core competencies and most important the will, focus, commitment and dedica- tion to succeed.
  Arthur F. Weinbach
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Gary C. Butler
President and Chief Operating Officer
  
 strong. confident. focus
In fiscal 2003, ADP strengthened its market leadership high levels of functionality and flexibility that clients of
position by continuing to invest in innovative products,
services and processes through a down business cycle — confident that robust growth opportunities will return as the economy improves.
While many businesses followed conventional wisdom and opted to wait for the economy to rebound, ADP’s deci- sion was to invest and compete:
• We focused on our core businesses, consistently seeking to leverage their strengths.
• We brought to market a new generation of reliable, efficient and creative solutions in each of our major businesses.
• We supplemented our internal growth through selective acquisitions.
• We made a commitment to accelerate investment in high-growth parts of our business.
• We renewed our long-term commitment to provide World Class Service, ensuring that the client remains at the focal point of everything we do.
• We reinforced our Employer of Choice initiatives, enabling us to attract and retain the best-qualified associates.
Our clients rewarded our performance this year with some of the highest satisfaction scores in almost a decade. Despite the difficult economy, more clients are staying with us and expanding their relationship with ADP. Market acceptance of outsourcing solutions remains positive and future growth opportunities are present in all of our core business markets.
Three specific market differentiators, amplified by cur- rent economic conditions, continue to distinguish ADP from the competition: our financial strength, our premier products and our associates.
Our financial strength gives us the freedom and flexibil- ity to remain on course with key investments in new prod- ucts and services that help us to extend the reach and penetration of our core businesses. We are proud to be one of the most financially stable public companies in the world. Rated AAA by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s, ADP is one of just seven U.S. industrial companies to earn these highest ratings of financial confidence.
Our premier products provide reliable solutions that are accompanied by responsive support and service. Many of our products and services are Web-driven to deliver the
every size and across every industry increasingly expect. Our associates are the engine of our success and embody our commitment to World Class Service. Each and every day, they serve the needs of thousands of our clients all around the world with knowledge, skill, reliability and dedication — professional traits that are essential to a World Class Service environment. Our associates are ADP’s most precious resource because they create, sell and service the business solutions that enable our clients
to focus more time on their own core businesses.
building and leveraging our core business strength.
Clients in 26 countries rely on ADP’s
payroll and other employer-related services.
Core businesses are the heart of any enterprise and are the primary source of a company’s revenues. They gain their strength from core competencies —
what a company does best. Successful core businesses build brand recognition, create value-added services and serve as a portal to new opportunities in adjacent markets.
ADP leverages its core business strengths to gain access to higher growth markets, develop opportunities to increase revenue-per-client, initiate new relationships and enhance our ability to increase client satisfaction and retention.
 
 ed on the future.
Even in an uncertain economy, ADP’s vision remains focused on implementing innovative solutions — and investing in the future.
ADP 2003 Annual Report 7
Employer Services continued to grow core payroll, which is ADP’s oldest and largest business. In fiscal 2003, our key metrics for core payroll — revenues, margins and client population — all increased, despite less-than-ideal market conditions.
Core payroll strength is vital to our future growth, because the payroll process interfaces with many widely used employer-related functions that require extensive processing and recordkeeping, such as benefits and retirement plan administration and COBRA management. With so many companies choosing to outsource the administrative aspects of these requirements, we have built successful, growth-oriented businesses to address these opportunities, which we refer to as “Beyond Payroll.”
This year, our Beyond Payroll businesses represent about one-third of total Employer Services North America revenues. Many of these payroll-related businesses had a successful year:
• ADP Screening and Selection Services, which provides pre-employment background checks, grew its revenue over 50%.
• TotalSource®, ADP’s professional employer organiza- tion (PEO), opened five new offices and increased its revenue 37%.
• Time and labor management revenue increased 18%.
Brokerage Services, in a very difficult sales environment, continued to have success marketing the combined strength and synergies of our back-office processing and investor communications businesses to premier brokerage and financial services companies. This year, we signed a 10-year outsourcing agreement with E*Trade Group to pro- vide the firm with our integrated back-office processing and investor communications solution.
Dealer Services utilized the reliability of its traditional systems and service model to introduce a growing number of auto retailers to a new generation of advanced technol- ogy that efficiently provides business applications and service over the Internet. ADP’s DealerSuite.com e-busi- ness portal gives these clients ready access to an array of Web-based products, services and tools, including links to consumer financial sources, as well as ADP client service.
Claims Services leveraged the market’s confidence in our core estimatics products, enabling us to expand into new and promising geographical venues. For example, this year Audatex®, our international claims processing busi- ness, entered a joint venture with an organization of top insurers to improve the auto repair process throughout Mexico.
ADP provides brokerage transaction processing and investor communications services worldwide.
delivering
reliable and innovative solutions.
Technology — particularly Internet technology — and globalization have changed the way that businesses do business. As a leading provider of information services, our biggest strategic challenge is to continually find new and better ways to apply the increased function- ality and flexibility of technology in order to improve busi- ness applications — and then deliver those solutions to wherever they are needed, across town or the other side of the world.
One way that ADP is responding to these new require- ments is through the delivery of Web-based services:
Employer Services provides Web-based solutions in each of its market segments. All of these products are exceeding sales expectations. EasyPayNetSM is our Web- based payroll for small business employers. Pay eXpert® is part of a suite of Web-driven, employer-related services that serve mid-sized businesses, while Enterprise Payroll addresses the payroll needs of larger companies that desire a Web-based or hosted payroll solution.
In addition, TotalChoiceSM Solutions, a Web-native, ADP- hosted human resources (HR) and payroll offering for mid- market employers, allows in-house users to retain direct control over their processing needs, connect with other ADP value-added services, and off-load the normal in-house bur- dens of performing system upgrades and maintenance.
 