HONORARY CHAIRMAN LETTER
s an addendum to Art Weinbachís CEOís letter to shareholders, this is a ìfarewell letterî of sorts to the many shareholders and associates whom Iíve gotten to know since my ADP arrival in 1970 (when annual revenues were $40 million and our stock price, adjusted for splits, was around $1). Although I remain on our Board and Executive Committee, 1999 will mark my first ADP year in a very long time when I am neither Chairman nor CEO nor COO. For years, I temporarily carried the overblown title of ìChairman, President, Chief

A

Executive Officer, and Chief Operating Officerî as Art Weinbach, Gary Butler, and I moved step-by-step toward our present succession roles. Art and Gary are eminently qualified and already leading ADP to newer and better heights. Iíve been party to many proud and memorable events during the past 28 years. Three stand out: 1. We recently completed our 148th consecutive quarter of EPS growth. Out of 11,000 publicly-owned companies, only one, Abbott Labs, has achieved even 60 consecutive growth quarters. It is tough to do so. We have been very fortunate. 2. During the past 30 years, thousands of hard-working ADP associates

who created the above track records accrued $3 billion of ADP stock profits, as they created $17 billion of gains for our other shareholders. My ADP colleagues are unusually dedicated and capable, and it has been gratifying to help them achieve this special Return on their Efforts (another kind of ROE). 3. The unusual commitment, smarts, experience, open culture, and high ADP longevity of our several thousand managers are a promising foundation for outstanding future accomplishments. My newly-available time permits me to be engaged in many pro-bono roles with universities, museums, the

United Nations, International Rescue Committee, public broadcasting, several hospitals, an orchestra, and economic ìthink tanks.î It is gratifying to have an opportunity to give something back to the society that was so helpful to me and my family. With best wishes to every ADP shareholder and associate,

JOSH S. WESTON HONORARY CHAIRMAN

August 13, 1998

4

