                                         Letter to Shareholders
 ARTHUR F. WEINBACH, (left) Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
GARY C. BUTLER, (right)
President & Chief Operating Officer, CEO-elect
We have completed a very successful fiscal 2006 and have a strong foundation for future growth. This is an excellent time to have this strength as fiscal 2007 will be an important transition period during which we (1) have a new CEO, (2) expect to spin off our Brokerage Services Group, and (3) forecast delivering solid growth in revenues and earnings. We will expand on each of these items in this letter.
FISCAL 2006
Fiscal 2006 was the second year of our rebound. We grew our revenues 11%, had our best earnings per share growth year in over a decade at 25% (assuming stock compensation was expensed in fiscal 2005), and had very strong cash flows.
We also changed the mix of our business units with the sale of our Claims Services business – we had entered this business in 1980 with an investment of about $10 million and sold it in 2006 for about $975 million – and the addition of Kerridge Computer in the U.K. to our Dealer Services business. Kerridge more than doubled Dealer’s international presence with about $150 million of revenue.
“We have completed a very successful fiscal 2006 and have a strong foundation for future growth...We grew our revenues 11%, had our best earnings per share growth year in over a decade at 25%...and had very strong cash flows.”
In May, we introduced the ADP National Employment ReportSM which provides a measure of non-farm private employment in the United States and will add meaningfully to ADP’s overall brand awareness.
2

                                         Also, our key leading indicators of future growth led by Employer Services sales and retention are giving us high confidence in future results.
FISCAL 2007
In early August, we forecast our results for fiscal 2007 with revenue growing about 10%, earnings per share growing at 17% to 20%, and another year of strong cash flows.
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
We also expect to make meaningful progress on our strategic priorities. Our highest priority is increasing share- holder value. We have been disappointed that our recent performance has not been reflected in our market value. Nevertheless, our strategies and future direction are clear. They are discussed in the following Q&A with Gary Butler on pages 5 to 8.
NEW CEO
As we announced in January, Art Weinbach is retiring as CEO effective August 31, 2006 and is being succeed- ed by Gary Butler, a 30-year ADP veteran, most recently as President and COO and before that, among many other positions, as head of ADP’s Employer Services and Dealer Services businesses. This has been a very orderly and expected transition.
“...our key leading indicators of future growth led by Employer Services sales and retention are giving us high confidence in future results.”
SPIN-OFF OF BROKERAGE SERVICES GROUP
On August 2, 2006, we announced the spin-off of our Brokerage Services Group. The spin-off is expected to cre- ate two well-positioned public companies: a double-digit organic growth company focused on the excellent opportunities in the payroll, human resources, and benefits market, as well as the large automotive market; and a steady growth company with excellent cash flows focused on the financial services industry, primarily brokerage. It will permit both companies to focus on the opportunities in their core markets, improve the capital structures required in their respective markets, and, we believe ultimately benefit our shareholders.
We anticipate completing the spin-off before the end of fiscal 2007. While there will be some one-time costs not included in the forecast referred to above, we are striving to have no increase in continuing costs even as we add the additional costs related to a second public entity.
3

                                         IMPORTANCE OF PEOPLE
ADP’s greatest strength is our team of 46,000 trained, dedicated, and committed associates who deliver World Class Service to our clients every day of the year. We are fortunate to attract and retain extremely motivated and talented associates whose most important attribute is that they really care for our clients and for ADP.
We want to especially thank Harvey Krueger, who retired from the Board after serving 39 years. Harvey has been an inspiration and a leader and we will miss his insights and contributions.
CONFIDENCE IN THE FUTURE
These are exciting times. We look forward to the opportunities ahead from a strong financial position, with excellent operational momentum, and strong and deep leadership and, as a result, have high confidence in the future.
Arthur F. Weinbach Gary C. Butler
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer President & Chief Operating Officer, CEO-elect
August 28, 2006
   Farewell
 As I retire after 26 years at ADP, including the last 10 as CEO, there are many people to thank including the Board of Directors, our clients, ADP associates, our shareholders and our executive team. I’m very proud to have been able to work in an environment with so much support, where so many care so much about the Company, and where there was so much for me to learn from each of you.
I look back with pride and satisfaction. Serving you has been a great honor and I have had a ball. As I exit my CEO role, ADP is a very strong and solid company with great leadership and great optimism for a very exciting future. Thank you for the opportunity.
ARTHUR F. WEINBACH
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
4
 