                                           Dear Shareholders,
Changing Times
Fiscal 2001 was an unusual year. After a strong start,
the U.S. economy slowed markedly and the economic
environment changed faster than at any time in the last 20 years.
The slowdown impacted us in three primary areas: Brokerage trades fell behind the prior year’s record high levels with a significant reduction in individual investor trading activity; our Employer Services new business sales results slowed sharply; and fed funds rates dropped 275
basis points in a series of 6 decreases. Since our average daily investable balances are over $10 billion, this interest rate decline is significant.
During ’01, we also wrote off our $90 million investment in Bridge Information Systems. This investment arose from the sale of our Brokerage Services front-office, market
data business to Bridge in 1999. While this is a non-cash write-off and has no effect on our ongoing business, we do not treat these so-called “one-time” write-offs lightly.
2
“Consolidated revenues for the year grew 12% to over $7 billion.”

                                         Despite these macroeconomic changes and the Bridge write-off, ADP had a strong year:
• Consolidated revenues for the year grew 12% to over $7 billion.
• Pre-tax earnings increased 25%, net earnings were up 16% to almost $1 billion, and earnings per share rose 16% (before the previously mentioned write-off of our investment in Bridge).
• Our cash flow from operations was an exceptional $1.4 billion.
• We invested over $900 million by acquiring over 16 million shares of ADP stock.
• Our cash balances are over $2.5 billion, we have a very low debt-to-equity ratio of 2%, and our return on shareholders’ equity is about 20%.
• Our Board increased our dividend for the 27th consecutive year, by 17% to an annual rate of $.41 per share.
• We had an unprecedented level of client satisfac- tion across ADP and record client retention in Employer Services.
• Our associate satisfaction scores increased, and associate productivity and retention ended the year at improved levels over last year.
• Our product positioning is very strong with impor- tant new Web-based products coming to market in the year ahead.
• As the economy slowed, we instituted a series
of cost containment activities enabling us to reduce our expense run rate by about $150 million from where it would have been as we entered fiscal 2002.
How did we achieve such excellent results in today’s troubled economy? The answer lies at the heart of ADP’s uniquely consistent performance over the years. While there are many factors (including knowledgeable, focused leadership in our business units and a growth- and results-oriented corporate culture), the single most impor-
client retention
“We are succeeding with the best quality ratings from our clients and... the highest client retention we
have ever had.”
tant reason is the strength of our recurring revenue model. We have long-term relationships with virtually all of our clients and receive revenue each month for the high quality, value-added services we provide. We do not have to resell our clients to grow. Our growth comes from continuing to add more clients and more services. Because of the recur- ring nature of our revenues, we can also anticipate the costs needed to support our clients and keep our cost structure in line with revenues. It is a powerful model that has served us well through many economic cycles.
Major Initiatives
All of us at ADP are focused on three major initiatives:
World Class Service We have committed our- selves to providing world class service to our clients.
Over the last four years, we have made sizable investments in service in the belief that service quality is the ultimate competitive advantage for our businesses. We are suc- ceeding with the best quality ratings from our clients and, most importantly, the highest client retention we have ever had. While we are proud of these results, we recognize world class service is an ongoing journey. We must ever intensify our efforts to earn market superiority in the eyes
of our clients.
Employer of Choice We also realize that we cannot
succeed as a world class service company unless we attract and retain knowledgeable and committed associates. Three years ago, we embarked on an Employer of Choice initiative to make ADP an increasingly attractive work environment. So far this year, associate retention and asso- ciate satisfaction have improved (excellent results). Clearly, becoming an Employer of Choice is important, and we are committed to making ADP a place where people want – and are proud – to work.
Product Leadership This year, we added a third, very important building block to our strategy – product leadership. Product leadership means delivering the best products to market ahead of the competition on a consistent basis. Similar to world class service, this also is a journey,
a continuous process. It is not about getting any single
3

                                         product to market. While this initiative is still relatively new, our product offerings today and our expectations for exciting new product introductions in ‘02 give us confidence that we are ahead of our competition in most areas. We are working to extend that advantage.
Our Associates
Perhaps there is nothing that differentiates ADP as
much as our associates. We have a team of 41,000
associates who, through their caring, commitment and hard work, provide world class service every day to our over 500,000 clients.
When times get tough, as they did this year, and we need to tighten our cost structure, we ask a lot of our associates. They have responded with a renewed spirit of teamwork and helped to make ADP stronger than ever. We are very proud and fortunate to attract and retain such exceptional individuals. Our associates are ADP’s face to our prospects and clients, and make our success happen every day through their actions.
This year, Jan Colby joined ADP as Corporate Vice President in charge of our Employer Services (ES) Emerging Business Services (EBS) division, and Peter Op de Beeck, Vince Coppola, Andoni Iturrioz and Jay Rising were pro- moted to Corporate Vice President in recognition of their significant contributions to ADP’s success and assumption of increased responsibilities.
Bud Angelus, President of our ES EBS business;
Tim Lamb, President of our ES National Accounts business; Philippe Gluntz, President of ES Europe; and Rich Haviland, ADP’s Chief Financial Officer, elected to retire, each after many years of service. Their contributions were immense. We will miss them and we wish them well in retirement.
Additionally, we are honored to welcome back one of ADP’s founders, Frank Lautenberg, as an honorary director. Frank joined ADP in 1952, rose to chief executive officer
in 1975 and, after a 30-year ADP career, left in 1983 to start a distinguished 18-year tenure as a U.S. Senator from New Jersey.
growth
“ADP is well positioned for long-term growth and profitability.”
Future Forecast
We are very confident that ADP is well positioned
for long-term growth and profitability. In fiscal year
2002, despite macroeconomic changes that are slowing revenue growth, we anticipate our 41st consecutive year of double-digit growth in earnings per share.
These are the times when the ADP business model shines. It is an exciting time for ADP. We look to the future with great confidence.
Results like these are earned by many ADP associates pulling in the same direction at the same time. Our thanks to each and every associate for their contributions.
  4
Arthur F. Weinbach
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
August 13, 2001
Gary C. Butler
President and
Chief Operating Officer
