DEAR STOCKHOLDERS:
2012 was, no doubt, our finest year ever. From a financial perspective, the results were compelling, but perhaps even more exciting were the two key themes that made the year so exceptional. First, our growth was nicely balanced across our three segments, with revenue growth between 9% and 18% for LoyaltyOne, Private Label and Epsilon, respectively; and second, consolidated revenue growth of 15% was driven by approximately 9% organic growth. As the macro-economic environment has shifted away from an historical average annual growth rate of 3.5% and toward a more modest 2% rate, organic growth is much harder to achieve. As such, our ability to generate organic growth at 4 times GDP allowed us to stand out. This was clearly not lost on you, our stockholders, who continued to vote in favor of our model as evidenced by the approximate elevenfold increase in stock value we have realized since our $12 per share IPO in 2001. Thank you for your trust and support.

helped our clients deliver a seamless customer experience across all channels--from bricks and mortar, to online, to mobile for researching, buying, or engaging with brands via SMS/texting and geolocation targeting.
·

Modest economic growth, and macroeconomic conditions continued to stabilize. As consumers regained confidence in the future, businesses also felt more confident in spending for growth. In our businesses, this renewed confidence drove our clients to allocate additional funds for our services. Additionally, interest rates remained at low levels, and we were able to secure favorable financing terms for our corporate and Private Label liquidity needs.

KEY BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
LoyaltyOne, the operator of our Canadian coalition loyalty program, the AIR MILES® Reward Program, had a very solid year, highlighted by over 9% organic growth in revenues. We saw a nice resurgence in AIR MILES reward miles issued (up 6%). We also rolled out AIR MILES Cash, which added consumer excitement by permitting collectors to instantly redeem their AIR MILES reward miles in-store. Additionally, the speed with which our joint-venture program in Brazil, dotz, expanded during the year demonstrated our success in replicating the coalition loyalty model internationally. We opened in new markets and signed new program sponsors, and by year-end we had membership in the program at 6 million-- significantly more than anticipated. Epsilon posted enviable results, with mid-teens growth in both revenues and adjusted EBITDA.

Organic revenue growth of 4% was below expectations as we witnessed a temporary pullback (or "air pocket") in our healthcare/ pharmaceutical vertical. Strong expense management allowed Epsilon to hit its goal of 10% adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding nonrecurring items. Fortunately, by year-end, this air pocket had passed, and Epsilon was poised to enter 2013 with strong momentum. Also, during 2012 we made investments in critical delivery platforms, bolstering long-term prospects, and realigned Epsilon's business to serve industry verticals to more effectively deliver the full suite of Epsilon's marketing services. At the end of the year, we announced the strategic acquisition of the HMI group of companies, an impressive collection of digital marketing agency services that secured Epsilon's foothold as an `agency of the future.' Private Label Services and Credit had an enormous year. Our Private Label business saw record credit portfolio growth of $1 billion--up almost 20%--the best in our history. Combined with strong credit quality and low funding costs, Private Label was our primary driver of overperformance during 2012. We opportunistically used some of this over-performance to reinvest in higher-rate, but longer-term fixed rate funding, giving us nice visibility into future earnings. We achieved record new business signings, including both new program start-ups as well as modest portfolio acquisitions. Additionally, we saw significant increases in credit sales across our core portfolio of brands. And at the corporate level, our war chest of liquidity increased to $1.8 billion, which included completing two high-yield offerings.

WHAT DROVE OUR GROWTH?
Two things: the growing demand for our solutions and an improved macro-economic environment. Specifically, we saw:
·

Increased demand for our loyalty and marketing services. Our consumer-centric clients continued to rely on us to develop and execute highly sophisticated, data-driven multi-channel marketing programs. Deep insight and understanding of our clients' customers and knowing the right channel through which to engage them drove powerful results. We

Our reputation and history of strong performance has served us well in enabling us to amass ample funds for compelling M&A opportunities and/or share repurchases. To date, approximately $2 billion of our stock has been repurchased since 2008.

WHAT'S ON TAP FOR 2013?
I am confident in our future and believe we will continue to deliver strong growth, with superior organic growth. Specifically: For LoyaltyOne, the focus is on AIR MILES reward miles issuance. Partnering with our sponsors to offer compelling marketing campaigns that drive collector spend (i.e., issuance) is the name of the game. Further, we expect to renew some key anchor sponsors, sign new sponsors, and continue to promote the AIR MILES Cash program. Finally, we plan to accelerate our market expansion in Brazil with dotz, expecting to grow to 10 million members by the end of 2013. This country continues to be promising as it has all the critical components of an optimum market for our coalition model: a strong and growing middle class, a stable economic and social environment, and a consumer-friendly culture.

Epsilon will be focused on pursuing new clients and expanding business with existing clients. As I alluded to previously, our operational realignment, combined with a powerhouse of capabilities and services, enables Epsilon to provide the "total offering" to the top global brands. The business is equipped on all levels to deliver the full suite of data-driven marketing solutions across the traditional set of services (data, database, analytics, distribution) as well as the newer, more technologically sophisticated digital services (digital agency products, creative offerings, strategy). As Private Label rounded out 2012 with record performance, in 2013, the continued focus will be on signing new clients. Our goal is to sign new clients sufficient to provide $1 billion in portfolio growth when fully ramped up. That's a big number for us, but we did it in 2012, and the pipeline remains robust. Where's all this demand coming from? Simply stated, we believe that we are witnessing a long-term, positive secular trend toward private label. Why? Because of the high value our millions of cardholders get from our card programs, which are fueled by customer data and how we leverage that data. Private label provides a closed loop network that is linked to the merchant's POS/merchandising systems, allowing

us, on behalf of our clients, to extract category and SKU-level purchase data tied to the individual customer. This is significant, as it enables us to then create highly targeted communications and promotional campaigns that drive incremental sales for our clients.

IN CLOSING
We remain confident that our leadership and our associates are up for both a strong 2013 as well as continuing to build momentum for the future. I want to thank our 11,000 outstanding associates for their dedication and hard work. It's how they do their jobs every day that has given Alliance Data its solid reputation and market-leading position of delivering on our promises to our clients, our stockholders, and our communities. We value the trust and confidence that our clients and stockholders have in us, and we've never felt more optimistic about our Company's bright future. That should do it for 2012--time to get back to work on 2013 and beyond.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

