DEAR STOCKHOLDERS,
  2018 was a pivotal year for Alliance Data. We faced some challenges, made some tough decisions, and powered through. We expect the decisions made in late 2018, and actions taken since, will lead to a strategic evolution of our business model as well as opportunities to unlock greater stockholder value.
We focused on two primary priorities during
2018: first, reduce non-strategic, underperforming portfolios in our Card Services business to better align the segment for more sustainable growth; and second, conduct a comprehensive assessment of Alliance Data’s businesses with the goal of mapping out and implementing a transformational business strategy.
The year ended with revenue increasing 1 percent to $7.8 billion, pro forma revenue1 increasing
5 percent to $8.1 billion, and adjusted EBITDA, net,2 increasing 7 percent to $2.1 billion. EPS increased 24 percent to $17.49, while core EPS grew by 17 percent to $22.72, both aided by a lower effective tax rate.
2018 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Card Services represents the largest portion of Alliance Data’s business, and 2018 saw strong performance in this segment, ending the year
with double-digit growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA, net. Net loss rates were 6.1 percent,
stable with the prior year, aided by an improving recovery rate. Tender share remained strong, average receivables increased 8 percent, and active credit card receivables, which excludes non- strategic clients, increased a robust 23 percent.
During the year, Card Services focused on pursuing brands that demonstrate higher sustainable growth than traditional mall-based specialty apparel retailers — including verticals such as pure online retailers, jewelry, home furnishings and beauty — while also divesting
several non-strategic portfolios. We signed a record new vintage during the year, and by year-end over 30 percent of our total card portfolio consisted of these more attractive growth verticals. The 2015–2018 group of clients represented roughly $4 billion — or more than
20 percent — of our portfolio in 2018, and we anticipate they will reach $11–$12 billion when more fully matured over a period of three to four years. The portfolios we either sold or reclassified to held-for-sale during the year amounted to approximately $2.1 billion — or over 10 percent
— of our total card portfolio. While this will dampen earnings growth in 2019, we expect
to be in a stronger position exiting the year with an anticipated mid-teens portfolio growth rate, a stable loss rate, and a return on equity (ROE) above 30 percent. We believe the total addressable market for our Card Services business is about $50 billion.
LoyaltyOne® reported a 4 percent increase in pro forma revenue to $1.4 billion. Lower redemptions of AIR MILES® reward miles delivered a pro forma revenue decrease of 3 percent compared with the prior year, while strong program momentum in the back-half of 2018 drove double-digit revenue growth for our Netherlands-based BrandLoyalty business. However, the product mix and lower margin programs in key markets kept adjusted EBITDA, net, essentially flat. More positively, our largest AIR MILES Reward Program sponsor, Bank of Montreal, announced a key expansion of the program, and we added Telus — one of Canada’s
 1 Classification of certain redemption revenue at AIR MILES® was recorded net upon adoption of ASC 606, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” beginning January 1, 2018.
2 See Appendix A for a discussion and reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, net, and core earnings per diluted share, to the relevant GAAP financial measures, including net income.

 largest telecom companies — as a new sponsor. BrandLoyalty inked an agreement with grocery retailer Kroger to explore short-term grocery loyalty programs in the United States.
Epsilon®, including its Conversant® business, recorded a 4 percent decrease in revenue to
$2.2 billion, while adjusted EBITDA, net was
$475 million, consistent with the prior year. We achieved our goal of stable growth within the technology business. We also de-emphasized certain lower margin verticals like consumer packaged goods, focusing instead on areas with favorable margins while controlling expenses. Unfortunately, we didn’t see the growth expected in the auto vertical and CRM business.
As we embrace the Company’s new course, we recognize tremendous opportunity in
the rapidly evolving financial services and emerging payments space. With data-driven insights remaining at the core of our offering, we’ll sharpen our focus on developing and leveraging digital technologies to provide credit and payment solutions that engage customers, drive spend and strengthen brand loyalty.
Turning to 2018 corporate highlights, we finished the year with liquidity above $1 billion. We used approximately $250 million to fund growth in Card Services, while remaining free cash flow supported dividends and our stock repurchase program. More than $5.3 billion of our stock has
been repurchased since 2008. Dividends paid in 2018 equaled $125 million. Corporate debt was reduced by approximately $342 million, lowering our corporate leverage ratio from 2.7x to 2.3x, well below our covenant of 3.5x.
BUSINESS STRATEGIC SHIFT
After an extensive assessment of Alliance Data’s business in 2018, our Board chose to explore divesting our Epsilon business. New ownership can better commit the capital needed for Epsilon’s long-term success, while a sale is expected to allow us to recapture unrecognized value in Alliance Data. If consummated, proceeds will be used primarily for further debt reduction and significant share repurchases. Looking into 2019, we will evaluate additional initiatives with the goals of further simplifying our narrative and focusing our capital and resources on our highest earning and growth assets.
Long-term investors will recall that a similar situation about a decade ago required significant changes to our strategy and model. Heading
into the Great Recession, we recognized that three of our lines of business weren’t a fit for the new emerging economy; so, we divested non- core businesses and bought back a third of the Company at recession-level prices, becoming
a global provider of loyalty and marketing solutions. This made us more competitive, relevant and growth-focused. It was a contrarian decision at the time, but our case for making
the shift played out, resulting in numerous years of consistent growth and profitability. Getting ahead of disruption is nothing new to us, and we are confident in our choice to again make the necessary changes for continued viability and future success.

 As we embrace the Company’s new course,
we recognize tremendous opportunity in the rapidly evolving financial services and emerging payments space. With data-driven insights remaining at the core of our offering, we’ll sharpen our focus on developing and leveraging digital technologies to provide credit and payment solutions that engage customers, drive spend
and strengthen brand loyalty. Consumers across the generational spectrum are demanding more choices, features and functionality with their financial tools, and we intend to play a leading role in advancing banking and payment technology to expand those options.
I also want to acknowledge that as a high- performing business, our past performance and future commitments to our many stakeholders would not be possible without the unwavering dedication of our 20,000+ global Alliance Data associates. As a purpose-driven organization, our associates are highly engaged and understand how their contributions are crucial in fueling our success. We have cultivated a work environment built on respect, trust and open communication, and our culture is one that fosters and supports inclusion and diversity, as well as giving generously back to the communities in which we live and work. Increasingly, our stakeholders are paying closer attention to these aspects of what makes us not only a great place to work, but also a sustainably successful business focused on long-term value creation.
In fact, during the year, we were pleased to receive outside validation of our responsible business practices through recognition from organizations that set the standard for measuring sound corporate governance, business practices and sustainability efforts. Alliance Data was named to the global FTSE4Good Index based
on our corporate responsibility performance and disclosures, and the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index based on our commitment to transparency in gender reporting and advancing women’s equality. In addition, I’m proud that the Company was named for the second consecutive year as one of the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For, and was additionally cited as a best workplace for diversity by both FORTUNE and Forbes. We recognize that the real achievement lies not in the awards themselves but in the efforts of our incredibly talented and dedicated associates. I extend my personal gratitude and thanks to each and every one of them.
Looking forward, 2019 will be a year of transition as we continue to execute on our strategic pivot. Change brings disruption, but disruption brings opportunity. Our roots and legacy run deep in leveraging data to drive measurable performance for all our stakeholders, and that will remain at the core of what we do. As we move through 2019 and into 2020, we believe Alliance Data’s transformation will produce the right balance of growth, value creation and sustainability. Thank you for your continued support, and for joining us on this next exciting journey for Alliance Data.
Edward J. Heffernan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 