To Our Stakeholders:
2006 was a year of continued growth for Alliance Data. We celebrated several milestones during the year, including the 10-year anniversary of our founding and the five-year anniversary of our IPO. Both of these provided opportunities to reflect on our past, while simultaneously laying the groundwork for our continued success and growth. This growth reflects our commitment to driving loyalty and can be seen across a number of different dimensions.

­ J. Michael Parks Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Client Relationships

A key ingredient in our growth has been the strength of our client relationships. In 2006 we were pleased to form relationships with a number of new clients, including: Friedman's Jewelers, the third-largest U.S. jewelry retailer Sacramento Municipal Utility District, the sixth-largest publicly owned utility in the United States Southern Union Company, a leading U.S. diversified natural gas company and owner of the country's second-largest natural gas pipeline system Integrys (formerly WPS Resources Corporation), a major energy holding company headquartered in Chicago Cruise Management International LLC, North America's largest retailer of cruise vacations Budget Rent A Car System, Inc., one of the world's best-known car rental brands Green Mountain Energy, one of the leading retail providers of clean energy products Circuit City Stores, Inc., which offers more than 300,000 products through the Circuit City website and its Circuit City Superstores across the United States Beall's and Burke's Outlet Stores, leading retailers of value-priced apparel, accessories and home furnishings Pamida, one of the top general merchandise retailers in the rural United States The Dunlap Company, a department store retailer operating in the south and southwest United States MyFamily.com, a leading online network for connecting families As we add value for these and all our new clients, we expect that we will have long-standing relationships with them, like we do with a number of clients that renewed and, in some cases, expanded their relationships with us during 2006. These included Abercrombie & Fitch, United Retail Group, American Signature, Hudson Bay Co., Jean Coutu Group, The Room Place at Harlem Furniture, Citigroup, A&P Canada, Canada Safeway, New York & Company and Duke Energy.

4 5

Expanded Capabilities and Offerings

Our proven business model provides a strong foundation on which we continue to expand our offerings for clients. One example of this can be seen in the strategic activities we undertook in 2006 to enhance our transactionrich data offerings. Early in 2006 we acquired ICOM, a leading provider of targeted list, marketing data and communication solutions for the direct response, consumer packaged goods and over-the-counter pharmaceutical industries in North America. Very soon after that we brought DoubleClick Email Solutions into the Alliance Data fold. This organization is one of the largest permission-based email marketing service providers in the industry, with operations across North America, Europe and Asia/Pacific. In October we announced the acquisition of CPC Associates, a premier provider of data products used to increase the effectiveness of direct-response marketing programs. And in late 2006 we took another significant step to build out our data offerings with Abacus, a leading provider of cooperative data, data management and analytical services for direct marketing. The acquisition of Abacus, completed in early 2007, is representative of our ongoing commitment to offer a comprehensive suite of services that greatly enhance our clients' marketing efforts and their ability to improve their bottom line. It also provides prime cross-selling opportunities across Alliance Data's businesses. The addition of Abacus will strengthen our data, database and analytics offerings. The combined expertise, products and capabilities obtained from these strategic moves will further solidify our standing as the global leader in multi-channel, data-driven marketing technologies and services. There were other important 2006 expansions to our offerings as well. For example, our Canadian AIR MILES Reward Program added 20 new retail partners to its online shopping mall, www.airmilesshops.ca. This virtual mall features advanced product search capabilities and allows consumers to purchase merchandise from a total of 75 lifestyle, home décor, electronics, entertainment and fashion retailers, such as Disney Shopping, Toys "R" Us Canada, Office Depot and Lands' End. In 2006 we also gained significant traction in our relatively new co-brand credit card offering with the launch of six new programs. Existing clients such as Goody's and New York & Company are now using our co-brand and existing private label credit card programs to help engage a broader customer base, increase sales, strengthen customer loyalty and reinforce their brands.

Financial Performance

Our financial results in 2006 were especially strong. Revenue increased 29 percent to $2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2006 from $1.55 billion for the year ended December 31, 2005. Adjusted EBITDA increased 47 percent to $515.4 million in 2006, compared with $350.4 million in 2005. Diluted cash earnings per share grew by 52 percent to $3.14 per share in 2006 from $2.06 per share in 2005. In 2006 our board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program that authorized the company to buy back up to an additional $600 million of its outstanding common stock through 2008. This new repurchase program extends the two previously approved repurchase programs announced in June and October of 2005, bringing Alliance Data's total repurchase authorization to $900 million. We also took steps to achieve even greater financial flexibility and to lock in favorable fixed interest rates. We completed the issuance of asset-backed notes worth an aggregate principal amount of $500 million, and we completed the placement of $500 million of corporate debt in a private placement offering. We plan to continue utilizing both the public and private markets as needed to position us for continued growth while optimizing capital efficiency and, hence, free cash flow, a key component of our business model.

New Facilities

Our current and planned future growth provided several opportunities for us to create new work environments for our teams. These environments are designed to increase collaboration, reinforce our values and stimulate our top-caliber people in their daily efforts. In 2006 we made plans to move our operations in the Columbus, Ohio and Toronto areas to new facilities in those cities. These facilities, which we'll begin occupying in 2007, will better enable our associates to function as teams and give us the flexibility and capacity we'll need in the future. Additionally, our Epsilon unit completed its move to a new headquarters building in the Dallas area in 2006, and our Utility Services business broke ground on a new call center facility in Ennis, Texas, which will be completed and available to serve Alliance Data utility clients in the first half of 2007. New buildings do not in and of themselves mean anything. But in our case, these migrations to new facilities are a visible sign of our growth, as well as our commitment to provide a work environment that is rewarding for our associates and that results in even better service for our clients.

6 7

Recognition

As we grow, and grow in the right way, Alliance Data is increasingly recognized for the things we do well. Some 2006 examples include: · Our Leadership Academy, designed to bolster the leadership skills of managers at all levels, was named " Best Leadership Program" by Thomson NETg, a provider of corporate learning solutions, which recognized Alliance Data's ability to " internally identify, cultivate and develop management and executive-level employees." ·A  lliance Data was included in BusinessWeek 's " Information Technology 100" annual listing, which ranks the fastestgrowing, most profitable technology-related companies. · Alliance Data was included in the annual Forbes Platinum 400 list, which recognizes the top 400 " Best Big Companies in America." Companies are selected based on their five-year performance, management strength and other factors. · The Dallas Mayor's Committee honored Alliance Data with the Corporate Best Practices award for our employment of people with disabilities. · In Denver, Columbus and several other cities where we have significant operations, Alliance Data was once again recognized best place to work." as a " · The American Society for Training and Development recognized Alliance Data as one of its " best places to learn." · Forrester Research granted Epsilon top honors for database marketing services and email marketing services, saying " Epsilon sets the standard for database marketing services providers."

2007 and Beyond

In looking back at 2006 and the summary of growth examples outlined above, I hope you reach the same conclusion as I ­ namely, that Alliance Data has developed an impressive track record of performance over the past decade, with 2006 being the latest evidence of the long-term attractiveness of our business model. Over the past decade, this once-small, private, $280 million company, employing 2,500 associates in the United States, has evolved into a $2 billion firm with employment approaching 10,000, operations across North America, a presence in both Europe and Asia, and a market value of approximately $5 billion. As we move into our second decade, I am confident that Alliance Data's people, business model and track record of performance will continue to be a source of pride for all our stakeholders. As our Mission states, we " create and manage customized solutions that enable our clients to build stronger, mutually beneficial relationships with their customers." That's driving loyalty, and it will continue to be our focus in 2007 and beyond. Sincerely,

J. Michael Parks Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

8 9

