TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

As I look back at 2009, I have to say the year was every bit as tough in retrospect as it was while living through it. We were in the midst of the greatest recession this country had seen in 80 years, and we had committed to not just surviving, but taking bold moves to emerge as an even stronger company. And we did just that.

Taking a Contrarian Approach
Throughout the Great Recession, we did not let the naysayers take us off course. Despite conventional views and opinions to stop investing, stop spending and cut jobs--we took another course. Since 2008, we spent $1.52 billion to repurchase over a third of our stock while others were refraining from this activity. We aggressively invested in the pursuit of new private label clients--growing our accounts receivables portfolio by over $600 million in the last year. All the while, our private label competitors were retreating or suggesting they were no longer committed to the business for the long term. At every turn, we were being challenged as to whether these two moves were the best use of our capital and liquidity during such uncertain times. And as other companies looked to cut expenses where ever they could, they used massive layoffs of 10% or more of their workforce. This was a tactic we wanted to avoid. In the end, we believe our contrarian approach will pay, and in fact, has started to pay off handsomely. Buying our stock at low prices helped generate stronger earnings growth; and the expansion of our retail and credit footprint will drive strong and pristine earnings in 2010, accelerating thereafter as credit improves. Most importantly, I'm proud that we've managed to keep our 7,000-plus workforce largely intact in the face of the worst job losses in our country's history--giving us the talent and resources needed as the economy emerges from this recession. Clearly, we are a much stronger company today than a year ago.

Our Businesses
Our businesses are focused on providing transaction-based marketing and loyalty solutions that drive loyalty and sustained purchasing behavior for our clients. As the shift from traditional market spend to accountable marketing programs continues, our businesses have capitalized on this trend by adding new clients and significantly expanding relationships with existing clients. Loyalty Services--We announced renewals with key sponsors Shell Canada and Goodyear Canada, and expanded our relationship with our rewards supplier Best Western as a sponsor. Our largest sponsor, Bank of Montreal significantly expanded their commitment to our AIR MILES® Reward Program through enhancements made to their credit card programs that allow collectors to earn double reward miles. And we expanded our global reach, announcing the launch of a Brazilian coalition loyalty program, named dotz. Our AIR MILES Reward Program could not completely avoid the impact of the economy. While miles issued on discretionary spend remained fairly stable, the reduction on credit card spend was felt. In the first half of the year we had declines in miles issued; however, in the third quarter that reversed and in the fourth quarter miles issued grew 9% over the previous period, a return to more historical rates. Epsilon Marketing Services--2009 was a record year in new client signings, as we continue to benefit from the shift in spend from traditional marketing programs to those that drive measurable results. Most notable was our agreement with Visa to develop, host and operate Visa's next generation loyalty platform for its issuers. We also added America's Gardening Resource, as well as 19 new email clients including Scottrade and TCF Bank. There were also some significant expansions including R.J. Reynolds, AstraZeneca, Capital One, KeyCorp, National Geographic and Reed Business Information. We saw solid demand for our traditional database and digital services; however, the effects of the retail industry clearly impacted our data services business for most of the year. In the fourth quarter, Epsilon posted its largest quarter in history, giving it great momentum into 2010.

Private Label Services and Credit--Our aggressive pursuit of new clients paid off in 2009 by securing HSN and Charming Shoppes. We also signed Haband, a multi-channel retailer of men's and women's apparel. We renewed and expanded our relationship with Tween Brands to include its Justice brand. And lastly, we renewed our relationship with PacSun. We also continued to expand our presence in new markets by signing Pacific Dental Services. The biggest challenge since the credit crisis has been to secure the necessary capital to fund and grow this business. We successfully secured $5.5 billion of available funding by tapping into a number of liquidity sources. This provided us with the financial flexibility to invest in our private label business and have capacity for future growth and success. On a final note, energy and resources were focused on managing and mitigating the impact of credit card legislation on this business. At this stage, we believe that we are appropriately managing new requirements.

Our Financial Performance
2009 revenue was relatively flat--just under $2 billion. Any other year this performance would be disappointing, but given the significant economic headwinds that all companies were facing, flat was the new up. Adjusted EBITDA for the year declined 10% to $590 million and operating EBITDA was $640 million. In 2009 our cash earnings per share was $5.16, which included some infrequently occurring events. Given the toll the recession had on overall performance, we were pleased with our increase in cash earnings per share of 17% from the previous year. In addition to the capital raised to support private label credit, at the corporate level we secured over $500 million to support operations and our stock repurchase plan. As I mentioned earlier, since the plan began in 2008, we have repurchased 37% of our outstanding common stock. Specifically in 2009, we repurchased 12.7 million shares for approximately $520 million. We have Board approval to acquire an additional $275 million of common stock through December 31, 2010.

Return to Pristine Growth
It's been a tough few years, but we have built a company that has proven to be very resilient. For the first time in three years, all our businesses will contribute to Alliance Data's growth. More importantly, this will be solid, organic growth delivered at more historical rates. The bold moves we made in the last year or so have given us a head start on many companies as we emerge from the recession. In closing, I want to thank our 7,400 associates for their dedication and commitment to helping our clients and our company succeed. My thanks to our clients, who continue to have confidence and trust in our ability to help them create and build stronger relationships with their customers. To our stockholders, particularly our steadfast supporters, thank you for your continued confidence in our great company. I hope you share in my excitement about the future of Alliance Data.

Edward J. Heffernan President and Chief Executive Officer

Stockholders may visit the following web site for electronic access to our Annual Report and Proxy materials: https:// materials.proxyvote.com/018581

