To Our Stockholders:
When I look back at 2007 two words come to mind-- strong and focused. While there was significant public attention paid to the proposed merger announced last year, by remaining focused on helping our clients become more successful, we remained committed to our mission and had another tremendous year. I am deeply grateful for the commitment and continued support that our stockholders, our board members, our clients and our associates have given to Alliance Data over the last year.

Our Competitive Advantage
Alliance Data's competitive advantage continues to be our powerful and unique business model--transaction-based marketing and loyalty solutions. We understand that past behavior is the best predictor of future actions. We capture, analyze and use existing transaction-based consumer data to gain this insight and formulate strategies for our clients that deliver measurable results. As the shift from traditional marketing vehicles to ROI-based marketing and loyalty programs continues, our business model has taken clear advantage of this change. Our relentless focus on our business model drives exceptional and sustainable financial performance. Our model is recession resilient--and despite the challenging macro-economic environment--has delivered double-digit organic growth year after year. We have successfully capitalized on vertical segments characterized by high frequency, everyday spend. These segments provide the ample, critical transaction-rich data that continue to make our marketing and loyalty solutions robust and successful. In February of last year we completed the strategic acquisition of Abacus, enhancing our marketing services offering at Epsilon. We now offer the most comprehensive database marketing services in North America, and have begun expanding our global reach. Clients and the marketplace see our model as a competitive advantage, as exemplified by our success in gaining new and renewing existing client relationships. We added 12 new clients in 2007 such as Helzberg Diamonds, Charter Communications, Tesco, Gardner-White and Orchard Supply Hardware. We expanded relationships with several of our key clients, including launching new co-branded credit card programs for Redcats USA's catalog brands and launching a private label credit card program for Williams-Sonoma's West Elm brand. In our Canadian AIR MILES® Reward Program, we expanded our relationship with RONA, one of our top 10 and founding sponsors. We are able to build deep and long-standing relationships with our current clients, many of which span decades, thus providing us with high visibility and predictability.

Our Financial Performance
The strength of our financial performance reflects what's unique about us--our superior business model, the competitive advantages that exist within our core businesses and our highly committed and talented workforce. As a result, we delivered a record year for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Our revenue increased 15 percent to $2.3 billion compared to $2.0 billion in 2006. Adjusted EBITDA for the year increased 25 percent to $642.7 million. The company's liquidity, which remains strong, comes from a number of sources, including CDs from our banks, our revolving credit facilities, our conduit commitments and our warehouse facilities. This gives us tremendous flexibility going forward.

Our Future
And with 2007 proving to be a tremendous year, we also remain excited about the opportunities ahead. The future reflects a clear strategy well executed by our associates who are ever committed to our clients' success. Alliance Data has successfully evolved from a traditional transaction processor to a provider of transaction-based marketing and loyalty solutions. This shift has allowed us to help our clients become even more successful and further drives our strategic value. We have an exceptional group of talented and enthusiastic associates whose drive and steadfast dedication have played a critical role in our company's success--and whose energy will continue to transform our company's vision into a reality. They come to work every day with the determination to help our clients succeed, living by our motto, "Delivering on our Promises" . I offer my sincere thanks to all of our associates. My appreciation is also extended to our clients, who continue to have the confidence and trust in our ability to help them create and nurture stronger relationships with their customers. And, lastly, to our stockholders, particularly those who have been with us for the long haul, we thank you for your support and hope that you share in our excitement about the future of Alliance Data. In closing, those two words that embody our company's year in 2007--strong and focused--will also carry us into 2008 and beyond. Whether it's delivering on our stated guidance on financial performance, delivering exceptional results for our clients, developing deep and enduring relationships with our community partners or our associates living our values every day, our business is vibrant, growing, proven and solid. Sincerely,

J. Michael Parks Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

As electronic delivery and acceptance has dramatically increased over the last few years, this year we are pleased to offer electronic voting and delivery of stockholder materials via the internet. Stockholders may visit the following web site for electronic access to Annual Reports and Proxy materials: http://www.edocumentview.com/ADS

