To Our Stakeholders:

Alliance Data recorded another successful year in 2005. As we enter our 10th year, and approach the five-year anniversary of our initial public offering, we continue to experience solid growth in our capabilities, in our client relationships and in our financial performance. Our success is due to the continued confidence placed in us by clients and stockholders, and the dedication and innovation brought to life by our associates every day.

Continued Momentum
For 2005, all three of our growth engines ­ loyalty and marketing services, private label credit card programs, and utilities services ­ once again experienced strong growth: · In our loyalty and marketing services, the AIR MILES Reward Program renewed agreements with Sobeys and with Canada Safeway Limited. We also signed a longterm contract renewal with Amex Bank of Canada, a top-five AIR MILES sponsor, to continue offering Canadians the American Express AIR MILES Credit Cards. Through our Epsilon business, we signed a five-year extension to continue providing integrated relationship management services for the Hilton HHonors ® Guest Rewards Program. Epsilon was also chosen to launch the CompUSA Businessto-Business loyalty program in 2005.

Epsilon was already a strong contributor for us, but it became even stronger with our 2005 acquisition of Bigfoot Interactive (now Epsilon Interactive), an email marketing services provider. Epsilon and Epsilon Interactive provide Alliance Data with a powerful array of direct marketing solutions that combine marketing, transaction, technology and analytical services. Recently, both companies were recognized by Forrester Research as leading service providers in their industries. Our acquisition of DoubleClick Email Solutions in early 2006 solidified our position in this arena even further and gave Alliance Data a more global presence.

J. Michael Parks ­ Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

· Our private label services remain attractive for retailers who want a competitive edge. An example can be seen in top-ten client Limited Brands, which extended our previous agreements to provide services across its Victoria's Secret, The Limited, Express, Bath and Body Works and Henri Bendel brands. Other signings throughout the year included a multi-year renewal with The Dress Barn, Inc. and Maurices Incorporated, and the expansion of our relationship with Spiegel Catalog and Newport News via long-term agreements to provide co-brand credit card programs for both brands. We were successful forming new relationships as well. Several examples include our long-term agreements to provide private label credit card services for Z Gallerie and Blair Corporation, as well as agreements to provide private label credit card and co-brand services for Hanover Direct and a co-brand credit card program for Gander Mountain Company.

· We further strengthened our position in the utility industry in 2005. Alliance Data was selected by First Choice Power to provide a set of comprehensive billing and customer care solutions and by Green Mountain Energy to handle CIS billing. We also signed a long-term renewal agreement with PEPCO Energy Services and expanded our relationship with Cobb Energy, one of the largest Co-op electric utilities in the United States. New agreements with Hampton Roads Sanitation District, for consulting services, and with Greenville Utilities Commission, to provide customer care solutions, are additional evidence that our offerings for this industry are well-received.

4

5

2005 Letter to Stakeholders

Strong Results
Our financial results for 2005 reflect these and many other achievements and activities throughout the year. Revenue increased 23 percent to $1.55 billion for the year ended December 31, 2005 from $1.26 billion for the year ended December 31, 2004. Adjusted EBITDA increased 25 percent to $350.4 million in 2005, compared with $279.3 million in 2004. Operating EBITDA was $382.0 million in 2005, a 25-percent increase from $305.3 million in 2004. Diluted cash earnings per share grew by 34 percent to $2.06 per share in 2005 from $1.54 per share in 2004. We also announced a $300 million share repurchase program in 2005, and increased our credit facility by $300 million, providing us with increased financial flexibility.

The Future
Alliance Data has posted 19 straight quarters of meeting or beating our targets. This kind of performance, over an extended period, is something in which we take pride. Still, we are not content with past successes. We view them, instead, as a foundation on which we can build our future. We have a strong business model that provides good cash flow, high visibility and clear predictability. We have associates who are empowered and passionate about the role they play in driving our continued growth. From this solid platform, we believe we are well-positioned to realize the benefits of our client relationships, industry knowledge, implementation expertise, and unique culture. Our goal: to have great companies call Alliance Data first to create more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Sincerely,

J. Michael Parks Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

6

7

