DEAR STOCKHOLDERS,

2015 was all about staying the course, powering through a difficult global environment and continuing to deliver more growth. In fact, 2015 proved to be one of our best years ever. Alliance Data grew across all three key metrics -- revenue by 21 percent, adjusted EBITDA, net1 by 21 percent, and core EPS by 20 percent. There's a consistency in the results we deliver every year, and that's by design. The Alliance Data model is to achieve organic revenue growth of at least three times GDP, which in turn drives double-digit earnings growth. The critical components underlying our businesses are also the key drivers of value creation for the company: · First, it's about the data. Our specialty is collecting online and offline SKU-level data linked to our clients' customers. · Second, it's about trust. Our clients know we will only use their data to benefit their businesses and their customers, and they depend on us to drive measurable marketing results. · And third, it's about our people. We are both a technology and services organization, so it's also about our 16,000+ associates worldwide who turn this data into actionable insights, which leads to highly personalized messaging across all distribution channels. We believe the combination of our online and offline data assets gives us exceptional understanding of consumers, and our delivery engine reaches those consumers with accuracy and relevance. The result is deeper customer engagement that drives sales and profitability for our clients.

BrandLoyalty once again delivered a record year, and set the stage for expansion into North America. Starting in Canada, BrandLoyalty signed a number of large clients that are expected to drive strong growth in 2016. In Brazil, dotz ­ of which we own approximately 37% ­ continues to grow, with membership up 20% to just under 18 million. The big goal accomplished for 2015 was dotz's successful launch in Rio de Janeiro. Epsilon® entered 2015 with solid sales growth, but with little to no growth in earnings. The team retooled the business model to drive strong earnings growth, which resulted in increases in both organic revenue and adjusted EBITDA of 5% over the previous year. Our biggest bet to date was the 2014 acquisition of Conversant. We viewed their digital platforms as a tremendous opportunity to fill out our end-to-end offering. Conversant's cross-device, anonymized platforms deliver personalized, relevant offers to individuals, leveraging our industry-leading match accuracy rate to deliver powerful response and conversion rates. While we knew Conversant needed to complete some key initiatives that began before the acquisition, we underestimated the time required to complete the transformation. By the third quarter of 2015, however, we started to see the turn, reinforcing our initial belief in the significant cross-sell opportunities within Epsilon and our Card Services' business. By the close of 2015, more than 25 new clients were signed, aggregating an expected $90 million in contract value. Epsilon exited 2015 with strong growth and the momentum to set up the business for a compelling 2016. Card Services turned in its best year ever, adding almost $3 billion in credit card receivables, or approximately 23%, in an industry with average growth rates of 4-5%. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA, net were up 24% and 16%, respectively, and credit sales increased a notable 30%. Most impressive was our ability to grow tender share at our longstanding core clients. While overall sales growth at our core retail customers was about 3%, the ability to leverage SKU-level data to drive personalized marketing programs drove sales growth by our cardholders at triple that rate. Combining strong activity at our core client base with the addition of new client portfolios allowed us to post strong double-digit growth across all of our key metrics. And, as importantly, set the stage for a strong 2016 and beyond. At the corporate level, liquidity was a comfortable $1.2 billion at year-end. When market opportunities arose, we used our share repurchase program and we have repurchased more than $3.8 billion of our stock since 2008.

2015 IN REVIEW
LoyaltyOne®, which includes our Canadian coalition loyalty program as well as Netherlands-based BrandLoyalty, had, for the most part, a solid year. This was no small feat in a weak Canadian economic environment experiencing soft discretionary consumer spending, and coming off a year where our key metric, AIR MILES® reward miles issued, had essentially stalled. On a constant currency basis, revenues of $1.6 billion were up 13% from the prior year, with the Canadian business up 1% and BrandLoyalty surging 30%. Unfavorable foreign exchange rates, however, resulted in a 4% decline in LoyaltyOne's reported revenue. The AIR MILES Reward Program delivered 4% growth in AIR MILES reward miles issued during 2015 -- reinforcing the program's long-term viability.

1 See Appendix A for a discussion and reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, net, core earnings and core earnings per diluted share, to the relevant GAAP financial measures, including net income.

LOOKING AHEAD
In 2016, we expect to deliver another year of double-digit organic growth, despite some concerns about the macro-economic environment. We also expect to continue to benefit from the secular trend of marketers moving away from general marketing spend to data-driven marketing spend. The longer a client stays with Alliance Data, the more precise the marketing efforts become, and the better the results. Our model engenders long-term loyalty for both our clients and their customers, and it's the successful execution of our strategy that will continue to drive value across all Alliance Data stakeholders next year and beyond. For LoyaltyOne, despite concerns about the overall Canadian economy, we nonetheless anticipate a continuation of mid-single-digit issuance growth in AIR MILES reward miles issued, which drives the financials. We will do this by continuing to expand our sponsor base and ensuring a strong value proposition for our collectors. For BrandLoyalty, the North American "invasion" represents a huge opportunity as we build on several successful pilots in Canada last year and make the move into the United States. BrandLoyalty's long runway is not contained only within North America, but also presents the opportunity to enter or expand in other international markets. So, we expect another solid year in 2016. Epsilon should track to its long-term growth rates of mid-single digit top and bottom lines. We will be focused on increasing the existing cross-sell between Epsilon and Conversant. Within Conversant, we'll also look to tap our strong enterprise relationships to further expand Conversant's digital capabilities to additional Card Services' clients. For Epsilon, we expect solid growth in our platform businesses, data and digital offerings. Agency, the remaining piece, will continue to be choppy quarter-to-quarter, but will still be a contributor financially as well as serve as the key entry point to customers. Card Services counts nearly 40 million active cardholders in our loyalty-centric programs, and those consumers shop more often, spend more and are more loyal than their non-cardholder peers. We expect to sign another $2 billion vintage in 2016 ­ new clients that over the course of three years will aggregate up to about $2 billion in portfolio growth. We also intend to continue our investments in mobile and digital platforms, engaging consumers wherever and however they shop. At the corporate level, we will seek to maintain robust liquidity and modest leverage, which, along with expected significant free cash flow, will provide us with the flexibility and resources needed to grow the business, as well as pursue stockholder-friendly opportunities.

THOUGHTS IN CLOSING
For investors used to a company fitting nicely into a specific industry, Alliance Data doesn't fit that mold. We cut across multiple coverage universes due to our strong presence in data, marketing, processing, payments, digital and specialty finance. This at times can cause confusion and volatility in our stock, but we believe this uniqueness allows us to deliver double-digit growth through both good and challenging times. Whether it's the Great Recession or during normal macro growth periods, our model delivers, and we are confident it will continue to deliver despite the current stormy macro environment. I want to thank our stockholders for their confidence in us and their support. I'd also like to thank our valued clients for their partnership. It is our privilege to work with some of the world's best known and respected brands. And to our more than 16,000 dedicated associates, who are simply stated, the best there is. Thank you for making Alliance Data the best it can be, and for extending that high level of commitment to the communities where we live and work. Your efforts to make our company one-of-a-kind, operate responsibly and deliver on our promises fuels my optimism for Alliance Data's future.

EDWARD J. HEFFERNAN
President and Chief Executive Officer

