  Ameren is leading the way– making decisions today that will produce future results for our shareholders, customers and co-workers.
  
03
   OuR pROMISE
to ShareholderS...
 My fellow shareholders,
The world of energy is rapidly changing. In 2011, we showed that Ameren is capable of not only weathering a challenging business climate, but also of leading the way—making decisions today that will produce future results for our shareholders, customers and co-workers.
Enhancing Shareholder Value
The actions we took in 2011 reflect our firm commitment to delivering long-term total shareholder returns in the top half of our industry peer group. We plan to accomplish this by improving the earned returns in our regulated business segments, investing capital in a disciplined manner, and tightly managing our cash flows. In 2011, we invested more than $1 billion primarily in new regulated utility infrastructure, generating enough cash from operations to fund these investments and the common stock dividend while also reducing outstanding borrowings. In October, the Board
of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 40 cents per share. This represented an increase of 3.9 percent and demonstrates our understanding that you expect dividend growth. The resulting annualized equivalent rate of $1.60 per share is well covered by earnings and cash flows from our regulated business segments.
We continue to pursue a disciplined approach to investing. We are moving forward with plans to build more than $1.2 billion in regional electric transmission projects. In December, these projects were approved by the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator. Customers will benefit from improved electric system reliability and efficiency, and these Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-regulated projects are expected to earn timely and fair returns for shareholders.
Our investment discipline is also evident at our merchant generation business,
Ameren Energy Resources. In 2011, we closed two older energy centers and refined
our environmental compliance strategy. These actions enabled us to reduce expected capital expenditures, through 2015, by a total of $270 million from prior plans. In 2012, low wholesale power prices persist, and the timing of required compliance with new federal air emission rules is uncertain. As a result, our merchant generation business further reduced environmental capital expenditure plans—delaying the construction of environmental equipment at our Newton and Edwards energy centers. We continue to work hard to position our low-cost coal-fired merchant generation fleet to weather the current period of low power prices and advocate for fair regulatory and power market policies that will enhance its value.
ameren’s executive leadership team:
(left to right) Scott A. Cisel, Warner L. Baxter, Charles D. Naslund, Daniel F. Cole, Thomas R. Voss, Adam C. Heflin, Martin J. Lyons, Jr., Gregory L. Nelson,
Maureen A. Borkowski, Richard J. Mark, Michael L. Moehn, and Steven R. Sullivan.
   
04
      Modernizing Illinois and Missouri Regulatory Frameworks
Our company plays a pivotal role in fueling our regional economy. We provide competitive rates and reliable service, fostering growth. In addition, we are positioned to create jobs and spur economic growth by investing in needed 21st-century energy infrastructure. However, to modernize our infrastructure we need modernized 21st-century regulatory frameworks that provide timely cost recovery and reasonable opportunities to earn fair returns on these investments.
I’m pleased to report we made significant progress in improving our Illinois regulatory framework in 2011. In October, the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act was enacted into law, which allows for performance-based formula ratemaking in Illinois. This law is a win for the state and customers who will enjoy enhanced reliability and a more predictable electric delivery rate-setting framework. This law provides utilities with timely recovery of costs and an improved opportunity to earn fair returns on investment. As a result, Ameren Illinois expects to invest an additional $625 million in system upgrades and Smart Grid modernization projects over the next decade, creating an additional 450 jobs during the peak program years.
In Missouri, we continue to explore options to reduce regulatory lag and enable much-needed infrastructure improvements. Regulatory lag results from a framework that uses out-of-date cost and investment levels to establish rates. In July 2011, the public Service Commission approved a $173 million increase in electric rates. Importantly, this decision included recovery of air emission reduction “scrubber” technology at our Sioux Energy Center, and it maintained key cost-recovery mechanisms. By the end of the year, we completed a voluntary retirement program that will help align spending with current rate levels and economic conditions.
Achieving Operational Excellence and Innovation
Also in 2011, Ameren continued its focus on operational excellence. Not only did my co-workers increase efficiencies in Ameren’s day-to-day business, but they also pursued innovative ideas to benefit all stakeholders.
A prime example is Ameren Missouri’s new, long-term contract with peabody Energy. As part of a proactive business strategy to meet federal emissions rules, our Missouri utility will purchase 91 million tons of ultra-low-sulfur coal—allowing us to defer significant environmental expenditures. We will improve air quality at a dramatically lower cost to customers, who otherwise might have shouldered near-term electric rate increases of up to 20 percent.

 Ameren’s keen focus on operations bolsters our financial performance
05
   Other operational highlights include:
• The second-longest continuous run of Ameren Missouri’s Callaway Energy Center.
In October, the nuclear energy center refueled after operating continuously for nearly 500 days. This uninterrupted operation between refuelings resulted in lower costs, with a sustained source of clean power for customers.
• Generation records set at coal-fired energy centers. In an industry where reliability
is critical, our energy centers are performing at all-time levels. This year, two of our merchant generation energy centers achieved milestones—with Duck Creek setting an all-time monthly generation record and Coffeen joining the “gigawatt club” by producing more than 1,000 megawatts for an entire hour for the first time ever. In addition, Ameren Missouri’s Meramec Energy Center operated a record 292 days without interruption, and in September, Labadie Energy Center was recognized by Navigant Consulting with an operational excellence award based on performance from 2006 to 2010.
• Completion of a supply chain optimization program. Ameren evaluated inventory levels across the system, thereby reducing purchasing needs. In three years, this program has achieved $35 million in savings, with more to come.
• Consolidation of electric and natural gas billing for customers formerly served by different Illinois legacy companies. We continue to generate increased efficiencies and customer convenience after merging AmerenCIpS, AmerenCILCO and AmerenIp into one entity, Ameren Illinois, in 2010.
In support of operational excellence, our dedicated workforce maintains a fundamental commitment to both physical and cyber safety—ensuring attention to safety in all aspects of our work and protecting our company against data threats.
Realizing Our Vision
The news I’ve shared here is just a glimpse of our progress in 2011. I invite you to learn more by reviewing this report and by attending our Annual Meeting in St. Louis at powell Symphony Hall at 9 a.m. on April 24, 2012.
Ours is a dynamic industry, so my colleagues and I are committed to transparency: sharing with you the opportunities we enjoy, the challenges we face and the plans we have in place to support our vision of Leading the way to a secure energy future.
At Ameren, we carefully craft our culture so that every employee understands his or her
role in realizing that vision. I believe that by educating all stakeholders about our focus, we improve understanding of our company and increase the opportunity to engage in meaningful conversations that result in smarter decisions about energy in our region—today, and for
years to come.
Sincerely,
Thomas R. Voss
Chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Corporation
 