 my fellow shareholders
the theme of our 2008 report is simple: We are on the job, on your side and focused on our strategy.
the evidence of our progress on these initiatives is plentiful, from improved reliability statistics to higher customer satisfaction ratings, from strong power plant performance
to much-needed rate increases for our regulated operations both in Illinois and Missouri.
I will address these later, but one of our most critical 2008 accomplishments is that we acted strategically to respond to the dramatic economic downturn, volatile commodity markets and unprecedented strains in capital and credit markets.
We took timely, prudent actions to increase our liquidity and enhance our financial flexibility, accessing the capital markets and significantly reducing our 2008 and projected 2009 spending. We put in place plans to slash projected capital and operating expenditures by approximately $800 million. We reduced executive management salaries and incentive compensation opportunities and established firm controls on headcount. We have always tightly managed our operations, maintenance and administrative expenses, but we are taking it to a new level.
Ameren’s Executive Leadership Team: (From left) Adam C. Heflin, Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, AmerenUE; Donna K. Martin, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer; Daniel F. Cole, Senior Vice President, Administration and Technical Services, Ameren Services; Scott A. Cisel, President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerenCilCO, AmerenCiPS and AmereniP; Gary L. Rainwater, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Andrew M. Serri, President, Ameren Energy Marketing; Thomas R. Voss, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerenUE; Charles D. Naslund, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Energy Resources; Warner L. Baxter, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Services; Richard J. Mark, Senior Vice President, Energy Delivery, AmerenUE;
Martin J. Lyons, Jr., Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Steven R. Sullivan, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Michael L. Moehn, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Risk Management, Ameren Services.
89
 
 as part of these efforts, ameren’s Board of Directors reduced the common share dividend level by
39 percent in early 2009. your board did not make this decision lightly. ameren’s directors realized that the corporation was faced with the prospect of abandoning a strategic plan that we firmly believe will deliver long-term value to you, our investors. Had we not reduced the dividend, we would have been forced to turn to high-cost financings to support the execution of that plan.
companies, as compared to the 88 percent paid out by ameren in 2008.
By setting a new, more realistic level, we can retain approximately $215 million a year. this additional cash will help us enhance reliability, meet our customers’ expectations and grow our regulated businesses. It will also reduce our reliance on dilutive equity financings, enhance our access to the capital and credit markets and drive solid, long- term earnings-per-share growth.
        AmerenUE is installing weather stations on existing AmerenUE poles in key locations throughout the region to measure temperature and wind speed, among other variables. AmerenUE joined Saint Louis University’s Department of Earth & Atmospheric Sciences to create Quantum WeatherTM, a highly precise weather monitoring, forecasting and response system that improves efficiency and speeds up power restoration.
    some background on the dividend: the previous level was established at a time when ameren’s earnings were fully regulated and more predict- able. In 2008, almost 60 percent of ameren’s earnings came from its non-rate-regulated genera- tion business. these earnings are subject to wide fluctuations based on market-driven power prices. Continued dependence on this volatile earnings stream cannot support a large dividend, and our dividend was sizeable. In recent years, ameren’s annual dividend payout has totaled over half a billion dollars – a payout ratio that was among the highest in the industry and the nation.
our adjusted dividend level provides us with a more sustainable payout ratio, based upon earnings primarily from our regulated businesses. It also
puts our new dividend payout ratio squarely in line with ratios of 50 to 60 percent of earnings for peer
We are FoCuseD on DelIverIng saFe, relIaBle anD aFForDaBle energy, WHIle aCHIevIng solID returns. groWIng our InvestMent In our regulateD BusInesses WIll InCrease CustoMer satIsFaCtIon tHrougH exCellent servICe.
In the end, this action will make ameren stronger and more nimble – able to access the capital markets on more favorable terms.
More importantly, we can use these incremental funds to continue to pursue the following straightfor- ward, long-term business strategies to deliver solid, long-term value to you, our shareholders:
     n

• A Commitment To Investing In Our Illinois and Missouri Regulated Businesses. We are focused on delivering safe, reliable and affordable energy, while achieving solid returns. growing our investment in our regulated businesses
will increase customer satisfaction through excellent service.
In 2008, we succeeded in doing just that. on the delivery side of our business, reliability improved, and customer satisfaction survey ratings rose.
In 2008, we also worked to balance the need to invest in regulated delivery and generation infra- structure with the need to provide reasonable rates. In addition, we aggressively sought recovery of these prudent investments to improve our returns.
• Building Constructive Regulatory Frame- works. Being “on” means recognizing the impact regulatory decisions have on earnings and credit ratings that affect our ability to cost effectively raise capital and invest in our businesses. In both Illinois
  For generating stations across Ameren’s service territory, the Performance Monitoring Center continuously monitors plant equipment performance through pattern recognition software tools and real-time support. The center provides early stage notification of any equipment degradation or pending equipment failure to avoid extended outages that could hurt power plant availability.
   amerenue’s power on reliability program contributed to a much lower number of outages during storms. Both the Illinois and Missouri delivery companies earned top-quartile industry rankings by reducing service interruption frequency – a key reliability measure.
our focus on achieving operational excellence at our regulated generating plants has also yielded strong results – with our Callaway nuclear plant leading the way. In 2008, Callaway completed
a record run of 520 consecutive days – and its shortest refueling and maintenance outage ever. our coal-fired plants also performed well, with another year of solid availability. one notable mile- stone: labadie power plant in Missouri generated more than a half-billion-megawatthours – one of only a few coal-fired plants in the nation to achieve that level.
and Missouri, we have worked hard to achieve constructive regulatory outcomes, given our need
to update rates to levels that reflect today’s much higher costs. our three Illinois electric and natural gas delivery companies were authorized to raise rates by $161 million, effective october 1, 2008. amerenue received a $162 million electric rate increase in Missouri, which took effect March 1, 2009. However, even with this recent increase, amerenue rates remain well below the national average.
the most recent Missouri rate case also granted approval for recovering fuel and purchased power costs on a timely basis. By offering greater stability of earnings and cash flows, this provision bolsters our ability to continue to raise capital and invest in our utility infrastructure.
10 11
 n
 
   • Optimizing Our Existing non-Rate-Regulated Generation Assets. In 2008, core earnings at
our non-rate-regulated generation operations rose almost 11 percent because the plants stayed
on – improving output and margins.
unfortunately, power and fuel markets have recently exhibited extreme price volatility. However, our prudent hedging policies are expected to preserve value in 2009 and beyond. as we manage our investment in non-rate-regulated generation
In 2008, Core earnIngs at
our non-rate-regulateD generatIon operatIons rose alMost 11 perCent BeCause tHe plants stayeD On – IMprovIng output anD MargIns.
For all these reasons, we are focused on this issue. We have been actively working to frame reasonable legislation and regulation, while we have acted to address climate change. our efforts range from participating in research projects on clean coal and
         A new scrubber (left) is being installed at our Duck Creek Power Plant in Canton, near Peoria, Ill. (above). Slated for completion in 2009, the scrubber operates like a chemical plant and, along with an existing selective catalytic reduction system, will dramatically reduce sulfur dioxide and mercury emissions, positioning this non- rate-regulated generating plant to comply with state and federal clean air regulations.
    operations, we will continue to closely monitor market movements and the regulatory landscape. In 2008, we began to install state-of-the-art environ- mental controls at some of our non-rate-regulated coal-fired plants to extend their lives in the face of increasingly stringent federal and state emissions reduction regulations.
• Demonstrating Environmental Leadership. We continue to maintain an active presence in discussions related to the need to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions from our coal-fired plants. our current analysis
of various policy scenarios now being debated in Washington shows that, if implemented, they could cause household costs and rates for electricity
to rise significantly. the Midwest economy is especially vulnerable to economic dislocation given its reliance on coal-fired power.
carbon capture storage technologies to increasing operating efficiencies at our nuclear and hydro- electric plants.
ameren is also “on” when it comes to encouraging energy efficiency. In early 2008, amerenue filed
an integrated resource plan with the Missouri public service Commission detailing how the company expects to supply electricity in coming years. after
a year-long process involving dozens of meetings with stakeholders and intensive analysis, the company filed a preferred plan that calls for increasing efficiency initiatives and renewable energy development. Both in Illinois and Missouri, we are launching a number of programs aimed at helping customers reduce energy use. the ameren Illinois utilities have raised customer energy aware- ness with an award-winning actonenergy Web site (www.actonenergy.com).
 
In Missouri, amerenue plans to add at least
100 megawatts of wind power by 2010 and antici- pates up to an additional 225 megawatts by 2020. the company is working to supply electric genera- tion from wind and landfill gas, while participating in studies on potential biomass fuel sources, looking into hydroelectric generation facilities on local rivers and investigating development of solar generation. amerenue has also launched a voluntary renew- able energy credit customer program, which in 2008, was named the new green power program
growth target of at least 5 percent. Coupled with
the new common dividend rate, this would provide competitive, long-term total return potential. even- tually, our goal would be to grow the dividend level as our earnings from rate-regulated operations increase and our overall cash profile improves.
We are confident that execution of this plan will
deliver solid, long-term returns for our shareholders
as the economy and energy markets recnover. We understand that you – our owners – depend on us
         Shown here are the cooling tower and a simulated control room used for training at AmerenUE’s Callaway Nuclear Plant, where in October 2008, employees completed a record run of 520 consecutive days, which began in May 2007. Callaway is one of only 26 of the nation’s 104 nuclear plants to achieve a record run of more than 500 days.
    of the year by the u.s. Department of energy, the u.s. environmental protection agency and the Center for resource solutions. In Illinois, we are purchasing renewable energy credits.
However, we know this will not be enough. amerenue expects to need new generation by
the 2018 to 2020 timeframe. that’s why in 2008 amerenue moved to preserve the option for a possible second nuclear unit at its existing Callaway plant site. no decision on building a unit has been made. But by applying for a license to possibly build a unit, we began the regulatory process and made the unit eligible for billions of dollars in federal incen- tives established by the energy policy act of 2005.
ameren is on the path to earnings growth. We expect execution of our strategy to enable us to achieve a long-term, annual earnings-per-share
to turn challenges into opportunities for sustained growth. We have the strategies, the people and the assets to do just that. We are “on” it.
We want to thank you for your continued support during this difficult period, and we thank our employees for their dedication and for incorporating our values in everything they do.
I hope you can attend this year’s annual share- holders’ Meeting on april 28 at the Chase park plaza Hotel in st. louis.
gary l. raInWater CHaIrMan, presIDent anD CHIeF exeCutIve oFFICer aMeren CorporatIon
March 2, 2009
 12 13
  