                                To My Fellow Shareholders,
  To my FeLLow ShArehoLderS,
For our linemen, power plant workers and other employees, “geared up” means having the equipment to do the job right and to do the job safely.
But “geared up” is also an attitude – a commitment to being excited about the job at hand and ready
to succeed, despite whatever challenges may be encountered.
It is also how my senior management team and I feel as we head into 2006, a year that will be pivotal for the future of your company.
In many ways, 2005 was a year of setting the stage for the challenges and opportunities ahead. Throughout the year, we again kept the promises we made to you and our other stakeholders.
For 2006, our plan is to stay focused on our core business as we do the hard work needed to:
n Develop constructive solutions to important regulatory matters in Illinois and Missouri;
n Continue to increase power plant availability
and improve operations, while completing our compliance plans for new environmental regulations;
n Continue leveraging the acquisitions of Central Illinois Light Company and Illinois Power Company;
n Continue to improve customer service and reliability; and
n Control costs in all areas of our business.
We also have one other very important job in 2006 – keeping the commitments we have made to our communities, particularly the areas affected by the Dec. 14, 2005, breach at our Taum Sauk pumped storage hydroelectric plant.
The challenges of Taum Sauk are far from behind us. However, our swift response to that crisis demonstrated that we live by our values in the good times and bad. All of our employees stepped up to the plate to show
that they are always “geared up” to meet any challenge and to do so with compassion and integrity.
Illinois: Geared Up for a Changing regulatory Landscape
One very significant issue affecting Ameren in 2006 is the changing regulatory landscape in Illinois.
At year-end, a rate freeze that has been in place in Illinois since 1997 will expire – as will the power supply contracts Ameren’s Illinois utilities currently hold.
When the rate freeze ends, electric rates at our three companies in Illinois will have been fixed or declining for up to 25 years. Since the 1997 rate freeze went into effect, costs have continued to rise, and Ameren’s Illinois utilities have invested about $1.4 billion in transmission and distribution infrastructure.
In December 2005, our Illinois utilities filed proposals with the Illinois Commerce Commission (ICC) to increase the delivery service portion of their Illinois electric rates
by $200 million so that we can begin recovering our increased costs. We expect a ruling from the ICC on these proposals and rate filings in mid-November 2006.
Previously, in February 2005, we proposed a carefully monitored, fully transparent auction process for our Illinois utilities to procure power at the end of 2006 when our power supply contracts expire. The ICC unanimously approved our proposal in January 2006. The auction we proposed would allow us to recover purchased power costs once we begin procuring power in the energy markets. However, the ICC’s approval is subject to appeal.
As we have told our customers and other stakeholders, the switch from artificially low rates to market prices
will mean higher electric rates. Certain Illinois legislators, the Illinois attorney general and the Illinois governor have sought, and continue to seek, various methods, including legislation, to block the power procurement auction or the recovery of related costs for power supply resulting from the auction through rates to customers.
Ameren is focused on its core business of generating electricity, delivering electricity and distributing natural gas for its 3.4 million customers in Missouri and Illinois. Industrial customers, like Keystone Steel & Wire of Peoria, Ill., depend on our reliable supply of energy to fuel their businesses and the local economy.
Ameren 2005 9
   Ameren serves 2.4 million electric and almost
1 million natural gas customers in Missouri and Illinois.

                   Ameren’s rates have been fixed or declining for up to 25 years.
1 0
A m e r e n
2 0 0 5
Druids Woodworking was one of many minority-owned and other businesses to benefit from $5.7 million in Ameren Community Development Corporation grants to date. Created with the 2002 Missouri Public Service Commission-approved settlement of AmerenUE’s Missouri electric rate case, the AmerenCDC grants address critical economic development initiatives in the state.
Any decision or action that impairs our ability to fully recover costs from our electric customers in a timely manner could result in a host of adverse consequences for Ameren. We will continue to take the required actions to protect our legal and financial interests. As we have clearly stated in the past, we are willing to work to ease the burden of higher energy prices on our residential customers through a rate increase phase-in plan, as long as such a plan allows for the full and timely recovery of our costs and does not adversely impact our credit ratings.
missouri: Geared Up for a Potential rate Case
You may recall that following the 2002 settlement of our Missouri electric rate case, approved by the Missouri Public Service Commission, AmerenUE began phasing in $110 million in electric rate cuts for our Missouri customers.
After the final cuts took effect in 2004, rates were frozen through June 2006. It has been about 20 years since AmerenUE’s last electric rate increase. Our Missouri residential electric rates are now about 30 percent below average United States utility rates.
Meanwhile, since 2002 alone we have invested more than $2.3 billion in new lines, generating facilities and other infrastructure to serve our Missouri customers. We have made these investments as fuel, purchased power, benefits and other costs have risen significantly.
As required by the settlement of our Missouri electric rate case, we submitted an electric cost-of-service study filing in late 2005. Also in 2005, a change in Missouri law enabled the Missouri Public Service Commission
to provide utilities with mechanisms to recover fuel, purchased power and environmental costs. We anticipate rules governing how these cost-recovery mechanisms will be implemented to be finalized later this year.
Several factors will determine what course of action should be taken in resetting electric rates for Missouri. These include assessing the appropriate test year to
use in a potential case to set future rates, economic
and energy market conditions, and the status of the
fuel, purchased power and environmental cost recovery rulemaking proceedings, among other things. The Missouri Public Service Commission staff and other stakeholders
will review the cost-of-service study and may also make rate recommendations based upon their analyses.
Ultimately, we will continue to work hard to keep our Missouri customers’ costs among the lowest in the nation, but we will work equally hard to ensure fair and timely recovery of our investments and costs.
Generation: Geared Up to meet Demand
Two-thousand-five was another solid year for our baseload power plants. They generated nearly 78 million megawatthours of power, another all-time record, and six of our Missouri and Illinois coal-fired facilities set new plant generation output records. Just as importantly, our largest coal-fired plant – AmerenUE’s Labadie Plant – had its first year ever with zero lost workday away accidents.
One of the most amazing achievements for our generating fleet was the refueling and maintenance outage at our Callaway nuclear plant.
This outage included replacing all four steam generators and turbine rotors, in addition to thousands of maintenance activities, modifications, inspections and tests throughout the plant.
Despite the massive amount of work, the outage was completed in only 63 days – a new world record for an outage that included the replacement of four steam generators. Significantly, the crews did the work with no accidents.
As a result, we expect the Callaway plant to operate with even greater efficiency, reliability and safety for many years to come – a critical milestone at a time when the need for emission-free power is greater than ever.
Though several of our plants are national leaders in controlling emissions, the federal Clean Air Interstate Rule and Clean Air Mercury Rule, passed in 2005, call for even further reductions in emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury.
We estimate that our costs to comply with these new regulations will range between $2.1 billion and $2.9 billion by 2016, and state plans currently being considered in Missouri and Illinois may add even more to this estimate. Of course, we support keeping our air clean, but we must do so in a responsible manner, making sure the costs of environmental compliance are balanced with the benefits.
 
                                Geared Up
   We create opportunity.
  
                                Geared Up
   We deliver results.
  
                Finally, toward year-end 2005, we also announced AmerenUE’s purchase of three combustion turbine generating facilities, adding almost 1,500 megawatts of generating capacity. These purchases, subject to regulatory approval, will help us meet immediate generating capacity needs and improve AmerenUE’s flexibility in determining its need for future baseload generating plant additions.
AmerenIP: Geared Up to Add Value
Ameren also completed its first full year of ownership of Illinois Power Company in 2005. AmerenIP has added 12 cents per share to earnings since the acquisition date, which was within our expectations. We also kept the commitments we made to the community – including our commitments to invest in improved reliability for
the AmerenIP system and to increase the company’s charitable contributions in the company’s service territory.
AmerenIP is the second Illinois utility we have purchased and restored to investment-grade quality, to the benefit
of customers, communities and employees. Our employees’ commitment to completing the work of integrating AmerenIP into our operation is a great example of teamwork – one of our core corporate values.
As with the 2003 acquisition of Central Illinois Light Company, this deal was conservatively financed and swiftly completed, another demonstration of Ameren’s financial discipline and responsibility.
Ameren: Geared Up to Serve Customers
Finally, in 2005 Ameren continued its initiative to become a performance leader in the critical areas of customer service and reliability.
For example, we have been employing voice recognition software that will allow our first responders to deliver information from cell phones directly into our automated outage analysis system, speeding our response time during major outages.
We are also working with community leaders to improve emergency communication efforts when major storms strike.
Ameren’s Senior Management Team
Seated, left to right: Warner L. Baxter, Thomas R. Voss, Gary L. Rainwater. Standing, left to right: Scott A. Cisel, Daniel F. Cole, Richard J. Mark, Steven R. Sullivan, Charles D. Naslund, David A. Whiteley, Michael G. Mueller, Donna K. Martin, R. Alan Kelley and Andrew M. Serri.
And of course we are committed to tree-trimming – one of our best defenses against outages.
In terms of grid reliability, Ameren is a member of the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, or MISO – a reliability organization for 1.1 million square miles of the upper Midwest.
However, our participation in the MISO and its Day Two energy market has led to higher operating costs. We will continue to monitor these costs and work
to control them – just as we control costs in all areas of our business.
To sum up, I am proud of the work our employees have done to prepare us for 2006 and beyond. I look forward to sharing with you more details about the opportunities ahead at this year’s annual shareholders meeting, which will be held at 9 a.m. on May 2, 2006, at the Saint Louis Art Museum.
Gary L. Rainwater
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
   AmerenUE’s Callaway nuclear plant set a new world record for the shortest time taken to conduct a refueling outage that included replacing four steam generators – the giant “boilers” that produce steam for generating electricity. The plant also replaced its turbine rotors, increasing efficiency and durability for this critical part of Ameren’s generating portfolio.
Ameren 2005 13
  Ameren’s generating plants are industry leaders in controlling emissions and performing at high levels.
