 LETTER FROM THE CEO
             WARNER L. BAXTER
Chairman, President & CEO
 4

 It is a privilege and honor to write to you for my first time as chairman, president and chief executive officer of Ameren Corporation, following in the footsteps
of my predecessor and a terrific leader, Tom Voss.
32.7%
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN IN 2014
14.3%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH IN 2014
2.5%
DIVIDEND INCREASE
I am pleased to report that Ameren continues to execute its well-defined strategy to create long-term value for you, our shareholders, as well as for our 2.4 million electric and 900,000 natural gas customers in more than 1,700 communities in Missouri and Illinois. We completed several critical projects that will produce cleaner and more dependable energy for millions of customers who depend on us. In addition, our reliability and electric rates remained among the best in the country.
Importantly, these actions are powering earnings growth. In 2014, we achieved strong earnings growth that was among the best in the industry, and we also increased our dividend. In addition, we remain on target to deliver solid earnings growth in the future. These outcomes were the result of a focused and cohesive team effort. However, I want to start
by discussing some key principles that guide us at Ameren.
 our vision & mission
Over the last year, I have visited with a large number of Ameren co-workers in Missouri and Illinois — and many stakeholders in the communities we serve — to discuss Ameren’s strategy to deliver value to our customers and shareholders. Key aspects of our discussions focus not only on “what” we do (our strategy), but also on “why” we do what we do. Simply put, Ameren’s vision of Leading the Way to a Secure Energy Future and our mission To Power the Quality of Life describe “why” we do the work we do each and every day. In addition, our vision and mission focus our strategy and inspire excellence and innovation among our co-workers for the benefit of our stakeholders.
  5
AMEREN CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

OUR STRATEGY
Ameren’s strategy is to invest in rate-regulated energy infrastructure which, when coupled with relentlessly improving operating performance and advocating for responsible energy policies, will deliver superior growth in shareholder and customer value. I strongly believe that the sustained execution of this strategy will enable Ameren to be a clear leader in the utility industry in terms of customer satisfaction, operating and financial performance, and thought leadership.
THE EXECUTION OF OUR STRATEGY IS SUPPORTED BY THREE CORE PILLARS:
   Investing in and operating our businesses in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks
In 2014, Ameren successfully executed key aspects of our strategy under each core pillar.
Under our first core pillar, growing amounts of discretionary capital were invested in Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-regulated electric transmission and Illinois electric and natural gas delivery services. These businesses operate under modern, constructive regulatory frameworks that allow for fair, predictable and timely recovery of operating costs and infrastructure investments made to better serve our customers. Other key aspects of this strategy include managing costs wisely, successfully managing and completing key energy infrastructure projects, and achieving constructive rate case outcomes. Examples of how we executed this strategy are on page 3.
Seeking to enhance regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy policies at the federal and state levels
Under our second core pillar, several key events took place in 2014. In December, the Illinois legislature overwhelmingly passed legislation that extended the constructive formulaic electric rates framework by two years through 2019. That legislation has been submitted
to Governor Rauner. In addition, Ameren was very active in advocating for responsible energy policies at the federal level, notably in the environmental area. In particular — working with key industry leaders, policymakers and stakeholders throughout Missouri, Illinois and the country — we raised concerns over the impact on customers’ rates and reliability associated with the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Clean Power Plan. We offered constructive solutions that not only would achieve the final greenhouse gas emissions target proposed by the EPA, but also would significantly mitigate the impact on customers’ rates and reduce reliability risks associated with this proposal.
The EPA is expected to issue its final rule in 2015.
Creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of customers and shareholders
Several steps were taken under our third core pillar in 2014. In Missouri, we announced our Integrated Resource Plan to transition to a cleaner and more fuel-diverse generation portfolio over the next 20 years. Our plan includes meaningful incremental investments
in renewable and natural gas-fired generation, retirement of about a third of our coal-fired generation capacity at the end of its useful life, and offering robust energy efficiency programs that benefit customers and the environment under Missouri’s constructive regulatory framework for such programs. I am pleased to report that our initial three-year energy efficiency program
in Missouri is on track to exceed its goals. In 2014, we also invested more than $600 million in transmission to improve the reliability and efficiency of our system, and we are aggressively competing for future transmission investment opportunities. These actions will position us to “power growth” in our businesses with continued investments in energy infrastructure for the benefit
of customers and shareholders.
     6
