  Building Value for Our Investors
My fellow shareholders,
The dedication of Ameren’s many employees and the loyalty of
the investors who have stayed with us during a difficult time for the economy and our industry have inspired all of us here at Ameren.
I thank you. In this, my first year as CEO, I have worked with a team of talented executives to take important steps to respond to the economic challenges of today and to capitalize on the opportunities of tomorrow. As a result, we believe we are well-positioned to create long-term value for you, our owners.
Ameren’s Executive Leadership Team: (from left) Scott A. Cisel, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerenCILCO, AmerenCIPS and AmerenIP; Daniel F. Cole, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Services; Andrew M. Serri, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Energy Marketing; Adam C. Heflin, Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, AmerenUE; Karen C. Foss, Senior Vice President, Communications and Brand Management, Ameren Services; Martin J. Lyons, Jr., Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ameren Corporation; Charles D. Naslund, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Energy Resources and Chairman and President, Ameren Energy Generating Company; Michael L. Moehn, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Business Risk Management, Ameren Services; Steven R. Sullivan, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Ameren Corporation; Warner L. Baxter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, AmerenUE; Richard J. Mark, Senior Vice President, Customer Operations, AmerenUE; and Thomas R. Voss, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Corporation.
8|9

    Strengthening Our Foundation
During 2009, we continued to proactively address the effects of the global economic and financial crisis—building on efforts begun in 2008. We moved quickly and aggressively to maintain and enhance our financial strength and liquidity position
by issuing new long-term debt and equity, extending our credit facilities, cutting planned spending, eliminating approximately 300 positions, freezing management salaries, and taking the difficult step of reducing
the dividend. That reduction, while essential, was not a step we took lightly. These actions enhanced our credit profile and established a solid foundation to execute our future strategies.
The worldwide economic and financial
crisis has affected businesses around the globe, and we are not immune. We are experiencing lower revenues due to a drop
in demand for electricity, particularly among industrial customers, and to lower wholesale electricity prices. In addition, the infrastructure investments we have made to meet our cus-
tomers’ expectations and higher financing costs have resulted in earned returns in our regulated businesses that are well below levels authorized by our regulators.
All these factors had an impact on our share price, but we are taking necessary and prudent steps to build a stronger company. The Ameren team is dedicated to generating long-term earnings growth and value for
our shareholders.
As part of that commitment, this past summer our utilities in Illinois and Missouri filed for higher rates. These requests were driven by significant investments in service quality and reliability, by higher financing costs and by our continued pursuit of fair returns on our regulated investments. In Missouri, higher net fuel costs accounted for more than half of the requested revenue increase. Rulings on these requests are expected in the second quarter of 2010.
Upon assuming the position of chief execu- tive officer in May 2009, I immediately began a strategic planning initiative to define a bold,

   From exploring solar power technologies to supporting economic development programs and building strong reliability, Ameren employees are engaged in the communities they serve.
Far left is lineman Rob Nguyen— a Vietnamese refugee who became a U.S. citizen and an AmerenUE employee. At right is Ameren Business Development Executive, Glenn W. Smallwood, Jr. (left) shown here with Continental Tire Company Plant Manager, Hank Eisenga. Smallwood helped facilitate the expansion of Conti- nental Tire’s Mt. Vernon, IL, plant.
new vision for Ameren—Leading the Way to a Secure Energy Future. That vision is sup- ported by defined business strategies that anticipate the changing energy needs of our customers and the changing environment
in which we operate.
Focusing on Our Vision
With a solid financial foundation in place, your company is now focused on realizing its new vision—beginning with an even stronger focus on the customer.
Essential to our success is a commitment
to providing our customers with secure, clean and reliable energy solutions. We are working to achieve top quartile customer satisfaction ratings. To help customers man- age the impact of rate increases and, at the same time, to protect the environment, we are promoting more efficient use of energy. We offer programs ranging from financial assistance for home and business improve- ments to energy audits and appliance rebates. In Illinois, we are able to recover the costs of these programs on a timely
basis, while homeowners and businesses realize energy savings. In Missouri, a new law was passed that could allow shareholders to benefit from our investments in energy efficiency programs.
In addition, we are deploying smart technolo- gies across our electrical system to provide greater reliability and safety, increase oper- ating efficiency and offer timely information about energy usage to our customers—again, to help them better manage their costs.
In both Illinois and Missouri, we are pursuing renewable generation projects. In Illinois,
we purchased more than 700,000 renewable energy credits. In Missouri, we are designing and building a new facility that will tap landfill
 We are taking necessary and prudent steps to build a stronger company.
10 | 11

    gas to generate enough electricity to power 10,000 households. Located in the St. Louis area, the facility will be one of the nation’s largest methane recovery projects. We have also purchased 100 megawatts of wind power. In addition, we are installing solar energy systems at our St. Louis headquarters campus and at a location in Illinois.
Clearly our ability to continue to invest in these initiatives relies upon rate case outcomes that provide necessary cash flows on a timely basis.
Our higher customer satisfaction ratings are evidence that our ongoing investment in energy efficiency programs, renewable power, delivery system reliability and responsive service is paying off. We believe strong customer satisfaction can contribute to a more positive environment that could lead
to constructive regulatory decisions and an ability to earn returns that are closer to levels authorized by our regulators.
On the merchant generation side of our business, the year also marked milestones
for our generating units, where we installed environmental controls to vastly reduce emissions from our power plants.
Building Value for Shareholders
Our new vision and supporting initiatives are intended to build value for you, our owners.
We are committed to making disciplined invest- ments and enhancing the regulatory and market framework to support our long-term earnings growth.
While we remain committed to growing earnings in our utility operations, current returns on our
 Your company is strategi- cally poised to benefit from an economic recovery, improved regulatory returns and significant investment opportunities.

   Ameren’s community relations coordinators like Stacey Young (at right) reach out to customers through speaking engagements and workshops on topics ranging from the Ameren Illinois Utilities’ energy efficiency programs to safety. Also supporting our safety messages is Ameren’s Safety Spokesbug, Louie the Lighting Bug (far left), who reached almost 34,000 children in 2009.
regulated investments are unacceptably low. Our rate cases in both states are designed to improve those returns. We know this is a tough time to raise utility rates, but even if we are granted the full amounts we have requested, customer rates would still remain below the national average.
In our merchant generation business, our plants are highly competitive and well-positioned in their market. As the economy recovers, we believe demand for power will rise, lifting power prices and sustaining the profitability of this business.
In the meantime, we are focused on maintaining a low-cost structure and reducing the volatility of merchant generation segment earnings.
Finally, our deep gratitude goes to Executive Chairman Gary Rainwater who retires in 2010 after more than 30 years of service to our company. Gary was the driving force behind the creation of Ameren—a company that now serves 2.4 million electric and nearly
one million natural gas customers—more than double the customer base of a decade ago. His vision and leadership will be missed. His decades of service are appreciated.
I personally thank you for your continued invest- ment and trust in Ameren. Your company is strategically poised to benefit from an economic recovery, improved regulatory returns and significant investment opportunities. All of us here at Ameren are committed to Leading the Way to a Secure Energy Future and delivering solid value to you, our owners.
I also thank our employees for their dedication to our vision and strategies and for incorporating our values in everything they do.
I invite you to attend this year’s annual share- holders meeting on April 27 at Powell Symphony Hall in St. Louis.
Thomas R. Voss
President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation
  12 | 13
