02 | 2012 Annual Report
My fellow shareholders,
Now is a time of great progress and promise in the energy industry. In 2012, we took a number of definitive actions to position our company for enduring success and strong financial performance.
We continue to increase and sharpen our focus on growing our rate-regulated utilities. Reflecting that focus, in December we announced our intent to exit the merchant generation business. The volatility of earnings and cash flows of the merchant generation business as well as the high degree of uncertainty regarding future returns on incremental capital invested in this business do not align with our current strategy. This decision was the primary reason we recognized a $6.42 per share noncash impairment charge related to the merchant generation business in 2012.
As a result, Ameren lost $4.01 per share for the year. However, 2012 adjusted earnings were $2.42 per share after excluding these impairment charges and a $0.01 loss from net unrealized mark-to-market activity. These adjusted earnings reflected positive results from our rate-regulated utilities.
The announcement of our intent to exit the merchant generation business and other actions discussed in this letter reflect our focus on allocating capital resources
to those opportunities that we believe offer the most attractive risk-adjusted return potential and, specifically, our focus on growing earnings from our regulated operations through investment in jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks. We believe that this is a time of great opportunity to invest in regulated energy infrastructure, technology and programs that will deliver superior value to our customers and to you, our owners.
Essential Investments
In each of its rate-regulated utility businesses, Ameren continues to pursue constructive regulatory frameworks that enable much-needed investment
in critical energy infrastructure. In turn, these investments promote reliable service for customers, support jobs and economic growth across our region and generate shareholder returns.
At Our Transmission Business ... November marked a major milestone for Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois’ (ATXI) largest undertaking, the approximately 400-mile Illinois Rivers project, when the project was submitted for Illinois Commerce Commission (ICC) review. This filing was the culmination of our employees’ efforts throughout the summer, when they traveled
the state and conducted nearly 100 public meetings to collect vital input from landowners, business leaders and others to shape the preferred project route. The ICC review is expected to be completed by August 2013.
   Thomas R. Voss
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation
Ameren’s Executive Leadership Team (from left): Mary P. Heger, Mark C. Lindgren, Martin J. Lyons, Jr., Gregory L. Nelson.

Management is hopeful for a positive outcome that will allow the project to move forward—enhancing the electrical grid in Illinois—and creating significant benefits for customers and the regional economy.
Also in November, the Spoon River and Mark Twain projects received federal approval for incentive rate treatment, similar to that previously received for the Illinois Rivers Project, including enhanced cost-recovery mechanisms that facilitate cost-effective financing of the projects. Overall, through the end of 2019, Ameren expects to invest more than $2 billion in transmission projects in Illinois and Missouri. These rate-regulated investments are expected to be a major driver of earnings growth.
At Ameren Illinois ... This was the first year of our multimillion-dollar Modernization Action Plan. It was enabled by a bipartisan majority of Illinois state lawmakers in 2011 through the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act, and it provided for a decade
of investment in reliability, technology, jobs and customer service.
In 2012, we began select delivery infrastructure projects and opened a new smart grid development and training facility. In December, the ICC approved Ameren Illinois’ advanced metering infrastructure initiative—a key component of grid modernization. Although the ICC issued disappointing orders in response to our 2012
Shareholder Letter | 03 electric formula rate filings, we see tremendous potential
in upgrading our distribution system for the 21st century.
So do Illinois General Assembly members—the House and Senate overwhelmingly passed resolutions urging the ICC to implement formula ratemaking as intended by statute, and we are working to achieve that end through corrective legislation and through the courts.
Ameren Illinois is focused on obtaining the constructive ratemaking needed to facilitate investments that will reduce outages and create jobs for the state.
At Ameren Missouri ... The Missouri Public Service Commission (MoPSC) in December approved a
$260 million increase in electric rates for Ameren Missouri. The order preserved important cost-tracking mechanisms for pension and vegetation management and infrastructure inspection costs. It also reaffirmed the fuel adjustment clause, which allows for continued rate adjustments between rate cases for changes in fuel and related costs. In addition, the MoPSC added a new mechanism for recovery of major storm-related costs.
Furthermore, the MoPSC approved meaningful enhancements to the regulatory framework for energy efficiency. Over the next three years, Ameren Missouri will invest nearly $150 million in customer energy efficiency programs. Residents and businesses can take advantage of the largest energy-savings portfolio in state history, which is expected to result in approximately
 Ameren’s Executive Leadership Team, cont. (from left): Michael L. Moehn, Charles D. Naslund, Adam C. Heflin, Richard J. Mark, Warner L. Baxter, Thomas R. Voss, Maureen A. Borkowski, Daniel F. Cole and Steven R. Sullivan.

04 | 2012 Annual Report
$500 million in total customer benefits over the next 20 years. Regulatory framework enhancements allow us to recover, on a timely basis, all program costs as well as revenues to offset sales losses resulting from these efficiency programs. They also provide us the opportunity to earn incentives based on our energy efficiency performance over the three-year period. This is truly a win-win for customers and investors.
Outstanding Performance
I’d like to acknowledge Ameren’s employees, without whom the year’s successes would not have been possible. We work diligently to promote our culture so that every co-worker understands our vision, “Leading the way to a secure energy future.”
Focus on Safety: Ensuring personal and co-worker safety is our “bluest of blue chip priorities.” We have formed a Safety Strategy Team to oversee consistent implementation of improvements across the enterprise. In 2012, we saw the lowest rate of lost workday away incidents in company history; the rate was also among the best in our industry.
Efficient Operations: Each day, employees exhibit their industry-leading approach to operations and maintenance. Highlights include ...
• TheMetropolitanSt.LouisChapteroftheProject Management Institute conferred on Ameren
Missouri its “Project of the Year” award for effective management in building the Maryland Heights Renewable Energy Center. The facility, which began operating during the summer, was completed
17 percent under budget and 108 days ahead of schedule. It uses methane gas—naturally created through the decomposition of organic landfill waste— to power state-of-the-art turbines to produce enough renewable energy to power 10,000 homes.
• InSeptember,theElectricUtilityCostGroup recognized two of Ameren Missouri’s largest coal- fired energy centers—the Labadie and Rush Island energy centers—as “Best Performers” for 2011. This prestigious honor reflects our employees’ dedication to performance, cost efficiency and reliability.
• Afteranextensivereview,theInstituteofNuclear Power Operations awarded the Callaway Nuclear Energy Center its highest rating of Excellence. Callaway performed exceptionally well in 2012, running continuously since its November 2011 refueling.
• Despiteextremesummerheat,distributionreliability for 2012 was the best ever measured at Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri. Excellent reliability combined with affordable rates provided customers with a great value proposition.
East Coast Restoration: Last fall, we all were reminded how vital energy is for life when Hurricane Sandy struck,
   Chad Edwards, underground system trainee (left), and Eric Johnson, underground construction mechanic (right), discuss Ameren’s focus on safety with Dennis Weisenborn, VP of Safety and Supply Services for Ameren.
Dwayne Robinson, gas construction journeyman, Ameren Illinois, helps to ensure the reliability of some of the 21,000 miles of Ameren’s natural gas transmission and distribution mains in Illinois.

knocking out power to more than 8 million people. About 67,000 North American utility workers responded to the crisis including crews from Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri. I am proud of our employees’ performance,
as they responded to this monumental emergency. In January 2013, the Edison Electric Institute presented our utilities with the industry’s Emergency Assistance Award for their extraordinary efforts.
Strategic Priorities
In 2012, we saw the Ameren companies renewing their credit facilities, at lower costs and for five years, compared to the prior three-year agreement. Further, our shareholders, employees and industry peers successfully defended your dividend—maintaining parity between dividend and capital gains tax rates— by contacting elected officials and playing our part in discussions in Washington, D.C.
Looking at 2013 and beyond, our priorities are clear:
• Improvetotalshareholderreturns.
• Pursuegrowthinourtransmissionbusiness.
• Supportconstructiveregulatorypoliciesthatallow a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return on investments.
Safe, reliable and affordable energy is essential. This is why we do what we do. As a shareholder, you help Ameren to power the quality of life.
Ameren is an economic engine with over 9,000 employees and estimated average annual expenditures of more than $2.5 billion. Based on independent studies,* the Ameren companies generate an $8 billion- plus impact on the economies of Illinois and Missouri— supporting more than 47,000 direct and indirect jobs.
On a personal note, I’m gratified to have served as Chairman of the St. Louis Regional Chamber, and I look forward to the Chamber’s continued success under the leadership of President and CEO Joe Reagan. Ameren
is an active member of this organization. Our efforts to attract strong commercial and industrial customers to our service territory are part of our strategy to keep our business strong.
Thank you for your trust. I invite you to learn more by reviewing this report and attending our Annual Meeting at 9 a.m., Tuesday, April 23, 2013, at Powell Symphony Hall in St. Louis.
Sincerely,
Thomas R. Voss
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ameren Corporation
Shareholder Letter | 05
    Ameren linemen maintain more than 86,000 electric circuit miles. By investing in infrastructure, we support jobs and economic growth.
* Independent studies of individual service area states by Development Strategies. (Did not include ATXI.)
