 Summary Report to Shareholders
’03
From left: Michael G. Morris, Dr. E. Linn Draper, Jr.
        Shareholders:
In 2003, AEP demonstrated why it has a well-deserved reputa- tion for overcoming challenges. Responding to substantial changes in the wholesale electricity market, a difficult economy and serious operational disruptions, the company refocused on its core electricity operations, reduced its market risk, and per- formed admirably when confronted with severe storms and the largest blackout in North American history.
 1

 American Electric Power
“We now embark upon a new era for AEP in which we will deliver value to share- holders by doing what we do best: electric utility operations”.
  T he company had ongoing earnings per share of $2.53 Important Progress in 2003
for the year. Adjusted for discontinued operations
excluding impairments, our earnings were $2.21, within our projected range. However, as-reported or “GAAP” earnings were $0.29 per share, reflecting impairments for non-core busi- nesses and losses from discontinued operations. Our share price gained 11.6 percent for the year and total return to shareholders, including dividends, exceeded 19 percent.
AEP’s tradition of accomplishment weighed heavily in my decision to accept the opportunity to succeed Linn Draper as chairman, president and chief executive officer. But I know we cannot rest on tradition. We have large issues and hard work ahead of us.
AEP made an extraordinary financial turnaround in 2003, which we will build upon this year. Those improvements included a $1-billion equity offering in the first quarter and our reluctant decision to reduce the quarterly dividend on common stock from $0.60 to $0.35 per share.
In addition, we refinanced more than $2 billion of long-term debt, converted $3 billion of short-term debt into long-term debt and restructured lines of credit to ensure a strong liquidity position. At the end of 2003, the company had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents on its balance sheet and access to almost $ 3 billion in credit facilities.
 2

 Summary Report to Shareholders
’03
 2003 Shareholder Return
30%
25 20 15 10 5 0
     S&P Electric AEP Utility Index
S&P Index
 Last year the company embarked on a concerted effort to divest assets that are not part of our core utility business – particularly non-core assets that have dragged down earnings. In 2003 we sold our investments in two telecommunications businesses, a distribution company based in Brazil and two U.S.- based independent power projects.
Our risk exposure continued to decline in 2003 as we
further scaled back our energy marketing and trading
activities, focusing only on those areas where we
have assets and customers. The average value at
risk (VaR) for our overall trading operations declined
40 percent from 2002, and average VaR for our ongoing U.S. trading business fell 58 percent. We settled claims with several trading counterparties, and we further lowered our risk profile by placing our enterprise security function – including both physical security and “cyber” security – within the risk management organization.
We saw continued improvement in ongoing earnings from our utility operations in 2003, despite unfavorable weather. Our plant availability was excellent throughout most of the year and our wholesale power sales were strong, allowing us to overcome rel- atively flat retail demand.
Cost control also played a role in improving our financial condi- tion. We reduced our utility segment’s operations and mainte- nance expenses in 2003 by $139 million, or almost 5 percent, despite greater storm-damage costs and higher pension and post- retirement benefits costs. Cost containment must be a consistent practice at AEP, but we know it cannot be the basis for growth. Continual earnings improvement comes chiefly from growing the business while controlling costs. We intend to do both.
Thanks largely to the measures outlined above, AEP maintained an investment-grade rating with a stable outlook – no small feat in our industry’s difficult credit environment.
AEP’s experienced work force carried on our tradition of opera- tional excellence in 2003 with some important accomplishments. It is a point of pride that our people and systems performed prop- erly during the Aug. 14 blackout. Thanks to our large and robust transmission system, our substantial generation facilities and the well-considered actions of our employees, AEP’s system with- stood the severe power disruptions, preventing the blackout from spreading farther. AEP provided support to the U.S.-Canada task force that investigated the blackout and then developed recom- mendations aimed at preventing a recurrence.
AEP workers also distinguished themselves when they were called upon to restore service following several outbreaks of severe weather. Our assistance to Dominion Virginia Power following Hurricane Isabel’s landfall on Sept. 18 earned AEP the Edison Electric Institute’s Emergency Assistance Award.
The year 2003 was not without disappointments, however. Several of our investments continued to lose money throughout the year, hurting our earn- ings. Our United Kingdom operations were especially disappointing, losing $132 million last year excluding impairment charges. Continued unfavorable plant
and trading margins were factors in the UK losses. We reclassi- fied UK operations and our Louisiana Intrastate Gas business as discontinued during the fourth quarter after finalizing plans to exit these businesses in 2004.
In the U.S., sections of our service area, notably in parts of Ohio and Oklahoma, experienced reliability problems. In addition, our D.C. Cook nuclear plant performed below our expectations. We are determined to achieve and maintain operational excellence at Cook, and in 2003 we strengthened our nuclear management team to reach that goal. We also applied to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to renew the operating licenses for Cook’s two units when their present licenses expire in 2014 and 2017. D.C. Cook is an important asset for AEP’s customers and shareholders and we will do what is necessary to operate the plant safely and efficiently.
We were deeply disappointed when the Commodities Futures Trading Commission filed suit against AEP in September for the reporting of false information to trade publications by several former company gas traders. The inappropriate activity came to light as a result of the company’s own investigation in 2002. AEP promptly dismissed the traders, reported the matter to authorities and scaled back gas trading operations sharply, and we have cooperated fully with investigators. It is our hope and intention to bring closure to this matter as soon as possible.
Although troubling, all of these disappointments pale next to the fact that four AEP employees lost their lives in job-related acci- dents during 2003. Such an overwhelming loss cannot be dis- missed simply with a few words of sympathy and a pledge to do better. I will accept nothing less than a total commitment to safety and will take that message directly to all employees. Paradoxically, AEP recorded fewer employee safety incidents last year and the overall severity of those incidents was lower. Many work locations marked impressive safety milestones.
 3

 American Electric Power
 But we must and will achieve a higher state of safety awareness across the entire company to ensure that our employees are as safe as they can possibly be.
2004 Priorities
Despite the significant progress that we made last year,westillhaveplentyofworktodo.Ourdivesti- tureprogramwillacceleratein2004.Inadditionto
actively pursuing the sale of our UK operations
and Louisiana Intrastate Gas, we are making progress on the sale of our coal holdings in Ohio and Kentucky, our remaining interests in several independent power projects and our investment in power generation in Mexico. We expect these actions to sub- stantially reduce the drain on earnings that we have been experi- encing and will use sale proceeds to reduce debt. Our target is to reduce our debt ratio to below 60 percent by year-end.
In 2004 we expect to sell our 4,500 megawatts of generating capacity owned by AEP Texas Central Company, one of our Texas-based operating companies that was formerly known as Central Power and Light. Texas deregulation legislation allows for the sale of assets to determine stranded costs, or the amount by which the book value of assets exceeds market value. Pursuant to a final order by the Public Utility Commission of Texas, the difference between the plants’ sale proceeds and book value can then be securitized, providing cash for debt reduction and other purposes. The loss of this generating capacity will not compro- mise our system reliability in any way due to the sale of a large part of our Texas retail business to Centrica.
We will continue to sharpen our focus on our traditional utility operations. In particular, we will move aggressively to address service quality concerns in Ohio and Oklahoma. We have ear- marked substantial resources for capital costs and operation and maintenance expenses to boost the reliability of our energy distri- bution system. In Ohio, we are embarking on a two-year program aimed at improving the performance of our least-reliable circuits by an average of 40 percent. Actions already taken in Oklahoma have sharply reduced the number of complaints filed with that state’s regulatory commission.
We expect 2004 ongoing earnings in the range of $2.20 to $2.40 per share, a reachable target assuming modest growth in utility operations and continued focus on controlling costs. We will seek opportunities to increase revenues, reduce costs and improve the return on your investment as much as we can.
Environmental and Regulatory Opportunities Among our most important priorities in 2004 will be the drive toward solutions for the significant regulatory and envi-
ronmental opportunities facing AEP.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) strongly advocates that utilities join regional transmission organizations, or RTOs.
However, certain states, including some in AEP’s service territory, have concerns about the potential short-term impact on cus- tomers in their respective jurisdictions. AEP intends to honor the commitment we made as part of the CSW merger to join one or more RTOs because we believe significant long-term benefits will result for AEP’s customers, shareholders, and – therefore – the states in which we provide energy. But we will be sensitive to the concerns of our states. Earnest dialogue among FERC, the states, AEP and other companies is the best way to resolve issues sur- rounding RTO participation, and we will promote that dialogue.
At the state level, we will be working to ensure that our customer and shareholder interests are balanced as we address a wide range of regulatory issues. The 11 states we serve include some that have undertaken utility restructuring and some that haven’t. In some jurisdictions our rates are capped and in others we oper- ate under traditional regulation. In all cases, we will pursue fair rate agreements that provide a reasonable return to shareholders without unduly burdening customers. We will also pursue recov- ery of expenditures for equipment that will improve the environ- ment and allow our power plants to continue to provide low-cost energy for the benefit of our stakeholders.
AEP is the largest consumer of coal in America, using more than 75 million tons a year on average. Coal and lignite fuel 70 percent of our generating capacity. We also use natural gas, nuclear power, wind and hydro, but coal remains the backbone of elec- tricity supply for AEP and for America.
We recognize that our reliance upon coal brings with it important environmental responsibilities. AEP has invested more than $2 bil- lion in pollution control equipment at our power plants since 1990, and we look forward to investing several billion dollars more in the coming years to improve the environmental performance of our plants so that they can continue to serve our customers with cost-effective energy. We have also spent millions of dollars to plant trees and preserve forests to sequester carbon dioxide and
    4

 to research and develop ways to burn coal more cleanly and effi- ciently. In 2003 AEP became a founding member of the Chicago Climate Exchange, the first voluntary program for trading green- house gas emission credits. We believe that creating a market in carbon dioxide credits will provide financial incentive for compa- nies to reduce emissions in a way that is more efficient and flexi- ble, just as it did for sulfur dioxide ( SO2) and nitrogen oxide ( NOx).
AEP supports reasonable multi-emission legislation to further reduce SO2, NOx and mercury emissions. In addition, we have pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 4 percent by 2006.
While the environmental compliance requirements ahead of us may seem daunting to some, we see an opportunity to make strate- gic investments that will keep our generating facilities productive and profitable for many years to come while helping further clean the environment. Our customers will continue to enjoy reliable electricity at very attractive rates compared with our neighbors, even with these environmental investments. And shareholders can be assured that we expect to achieve a reasonable return for them while also improving air quality to benefit the communities in which our facilities are located.
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
As I begin my retirement, I want to tell you what an honor it has been to serve as your chairman for nearly 11 years. During that time there have been substantial accomplishments and difficult challenges, but we have never wavered from our goal of moving AEP forward and providing the highest possible return on your investment.
Today AEP is considered an industry leader by almost any meas- ure. We have one of the largest and most efficient generating fleets in America, an unparalleled transmission system and distribution operations that range from Michigan to the Mexican border. But even assets as rich as ours pale in value compared to our talented and experienced work force. Truly, the people of AEP are extraordinary and I can never thank them enough for the support they have given me.
I want to express my most heartfelt thanks to the AEP Board of Directors for their guidance and counsel. It was my good fortune to be associated with such a dedicated and insightful group of indi- viduals. To the many regulators and elected officials with whom I had the pleasure to work, I am grateful for our constructive part- nership that enabled so many of our achievements. And I’d like to
A New Era
I am honored to have the opportunity to succeed Linn Draper and carry on the proud tradition of achievement at AEP. We are indebted to Linn for his many contributions to the company and the industry, and we wish him a long and enjoyable retirement. We also bid farewell to Linda Stuntz, who is leaving the AEP Board after 11 years of dedicated service. Linda’s sharp intellect and sound judg- ment have been invaluable as AEP has navigated one of the most tumultuous periods in the history of the electric utility industry.
We now embark upon a new era for AEP in which we will deliver value to shareholders by doing what we do best: electric utility operations. Through careful use of our substantial assets, a respectful, productive relationship with government and regulatory officials, and the hard work of a talented, diverse, ethical and safe- ty-conscious work force, AEP’s future achievements can exceed those of its remarkable past.
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2004
say thanks as well to the many environmental and public interest groups with whom we worked to advance our business in a socially responsible manner.
To our customers, the millions of people and businesses we are so proud to serve, it has been rewarding to join you in helping to bring growth and prosperity to our communities. And, finally, my sincere thanks to our loyal shareholders. Many of you have expressed your support when we needed it most and I will always be grateful.
AEP is certain to continue its leadership under the direction of Mike Morris. With his knowledge, deep experience and leadership skills, there is really no telling how much AEP can grow. We have every reason to expect a bright future.
Thank you for your support and for your belief in AEP. Sincerely,
E. Linn Draper, Jr.
Past Chairman March 5, 2004
5
Summary Report to Shareholders
’03
