While the business climate has changed, our chief priorities have not: AEP is committed to protecting your invest- ment and providing reliable, efficient service to our customers.
We also are committed to pro- viding a safe work environment for our employees. I’m thrilled to be able to tell you that no AEP employee lost his or her life while on the job in 2008 – the same as in 2007 – and our overall safety continued to improve.
S&P 500 Utilities Index
S&P 500 Index
common stock, was a disappointing -25 percent. Th is does not compare favorably to the 13.1 percent return that AEP delivered in 2007, but it sur- passed the performance of the electric utility sector and the broader market last year.
Our 2008 earnings also outpaced prior-year results. AEP reported 2008 ongoing earnings of $3.24 per share,
Letter From The Chairman
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
American Electric Power has successfully navigated a challenging year and embarked upon another. We reacted quickly and effectively to the sudden economic downturn in 2008 and were able to maintain our financial strength and flexibility, although our stock value – like that of most public companies – declined markedly. And we intend to remain strong and agile in 2009 despite the continued weakness in the economy.
                   AEP
25%
performance
28.5%
36.6%
      John DesBarres, AEP director and good friend who passed away late last year, was a champion of employee safety efforts. Our progress in this criti- cal area is due in large part to his strong advocacy.
The health of our nation’s economy is inex- tricably linked to a dependable, affordable electricity supply. The value of electricity extends far beyond the conveniences and enhancements it brings to our lives; it is the very lifeblood of our economy and our way of life as a nation.
Clearly, AEP’s well-being is intertwined with that of our stakeholders.
Despite the tough year, AEP shares per- formed better than the overall stock market in 2008. Our total shareholder return, reflecting changes in AEP stock value as well as cash dividends on our
at the high end of our earnings guidance range for the year and up from $3.00 in 2007. As-reported earnings (prepared according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP) totaled $3.43 per share in 2008 compared with $2.73 in 2007. Con- tributing to our 2008 results were increased rates in five of our states, new contracts with municipal utili- ties and rural electric cooperatives and the positive impact of a large industrial customer operating at full capacity.
We are projecting ongoing earnings per share of $3.00 to $3.40 in 2009, reduced from our previous forecast of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. We also revised our long-term growth rate to between 4 per- cent and 6 percent annually, down from 5 percent to 9 percent. These revisions are based on our expecta- tion that the economy will remain soft, that our 2009 sales will be similar to 2008 levels, and that capital
1

American Electric Power Annual Report to Shareholders 2008
investment in our infrastructure will be lower than previously projected because of capital market condi- tions. Our 2009 earnings guidance also reflects the uncertain outcome of our pending rate case in Ohio.
After three consecutive years of increased dividends on AEP common stock, our board late last year elected to maintain the quarterly dividend at 41 cents per share. Our current dividend level provides an attractive yield of approximately 5 percent.
Uncertainty about the timing of an eco- nomic recovery has caused us to tighten controls on spending. We plan to keep operations and mainte- nance costs relatively flat and trim our 2009 capital investment budget by $750 million, a reduction of about 23 percent from our earlier projections and 35 percent from 2008 expenditures. We will match our capital spending to our cash flow as closely as possible.
This plan will delay certain projects, such as some planned new natural gas generation, but will not materially impact our operations and will not sacrifice safety or reliability.
Reducing our capital spending should lessen our need to access credit this year. Our decision last fall to draw $2 billion on our existing credit facilities is helping to ensure a sufficient cash balance for much of 2009, but our cash fl ow has dropped below the level associated with our current credit ratings and must be addressed.
Our ability to access credit, and the cost of that credit, hinge largely on the strength of AEP’s credit ratings. It is absolutely critical that we main- tain or enhance our overall ratings and the ratings of many of our subsidiaries.
Credit quality matters today more than ever in terms of access to long-term capital markets and short-term commercial paper markets. It provides financial and strategic fl exibility and an ability to
manage the impacts of government policy changes. Some of the changes introduced by the Obama administration surely will affect us, but it is too early to know how or when.
We expect that prices of some commodi- ties will remain higher in 2009 than in recent years, although we believe prices will not rise as much as last year. Increased interest expense and pension costs also are likely. But mandatory contributions to our pension plans are not anticipated in 2009.
We continue to strive for a debt ratio below 60 percent of total capitalization on a credit-adjusted basis. AEP’s debt at year-end 2008 represented 61 percent of adjusted capitalization.
Achieving timely regulatory recovery for our investments in electricity infrastructure is key to executing many of our plans for 2009 and beyond, but we recognize that these are challenging times for AEP, our customers and our other stakeholders.
AEP remains among the lowest-cost elec- tricity providers in the 11 states we serve, even with approval of higher rates in some jurisdictions last year. Regulatory activity in 2008 resulted in rate in- creases totaling $527 million, exceeding our target of $518 million.
We expect a decision very soon in Ohio on a pending rate plan that will determine the extent to which Ohio Power Company and Columbus South- ern Power Company can recover generation costs starting this year. The plan stems from legislation en- acted in 2008 to change how the state’s electric utili- ties are regulated. Because Ohio accounts for nearly one-third of AEP’s retail revenues, the outcome is very significant.
We were extremely fortunate last year to gain approval to build the nation’s first ultra-super- critical, coal-fired baseload generating plant. Th e
2

 3
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

American Electric Power Annual Report to Shareholders 2008
600-megawatt Turk Plant in Arkansas will meet the growing demand of our Southwestern Electric Power Company (SWEPCO) customers with greater efficiency and emission reductions than existing pulverized coal technology.
We look to carbon capture and storage, ad- vanced energy storage technologies and demand-side management and energy efficiency measures to help meet demand and lower greenhouse gas emissions over the long term. Our carbon capture and storage demonstration project, using Alstom’s chilled am- monia process, is scheduled to be operational at our Mountaineer Plant in West Virginia this fall.
We have made significant progress on our commitment to add 1,000 megawatts of wind gen- eration through power purchase agreements in our eastern footprint by 2011 – another means of reduc- ing greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, we are already only 100 megawatts from our goal.
One of the two units at our D.C. Cook nuclear plant has been out of service since last Sep- tember, when the main turbine and generator were damaged by severe vibrations likely caused by bro- ken low-pressure turbine blades. We expect the unit to return to service as soon as September 2009 or in 2010, depending on whether the turbine rotors can be repaired or must be replaced. We anticipate that most of the cost will be recovered through insurance, vendor warranty or the regulatory process.
AEP, the pioneer of 765-kilovolt extra-high voltage transmission, advocates formation of a na- tional interstate transmission system to help assure re- liability of the U.S. electricity grid, economic growth and full exploitation of our nation’s renewable energy resources. We believe development of new transmis- sion holds potential for attractive investment growth, given reasonable regulatory policies for allocating and recovering costs.
AEP seeks appropriate policies in Washing- ton to support transmission development. We have made strides in this quest through partnerships with other companies and collaboration with regulators within our traditional footprint and beyond. Th e Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has approved incentive rates for three of our planned transmission projects, and an order is pending on a fourth project.
In the energy distribution area, AEP con- tinues to develop an initiative called gridSMARTSM in conjunction with GE Energy. Our plan, using ad- vanced technologies, will allow customers to better control their electricity usage and will help shorten or eliminate many customer outages.
A gridSMART pilot project launched last year in South Bend, Ind., has provided 10,000 cus- tomers with “smart” meters and associated rate in- centives to help them manage their electricity costs. We need regulatory support from our states before we move forward with a broader deployment.
I have already mentioned our safe work re-
cord last year. Back-to-back years without an employ-
ee fatality represent a “first” for AEP during the many
decades we have recorded safety data. But not every
employee or contractor returned home without harm
during 2008. So, we will focus harder on changing be-
haviors and on preventive and corrective actions to
            Coal/Lignite
66%
Natural Gas
23%
Nuclear
6%
Wind, Hydro & Pumped Storage 5%
     4

improve safety and health.
We continue to recognize
employees whose extraordinary ef- forts help those in life-threatening circumstances. Th e Chairman’s Life Saving Award was presented to Ron- nie Clinton, a SWEPCO employee based in Louisiana, and Jim Clements and Adam Cumings of AEP Ohio’s Ohio Valley District. The trio helped rescue men who were trapped under or inside their vehicles, in two sepa- rate incidents.
pipeline business. Our board misses his leadership, his intelligence, his warmth and his graciousness more than I can express.
The John P. DesBarres Safety and Health Excellence Award will be presented for the fi rst time in 2010 based on business-unit performance in 2009. This annual award will hon- or one AEP business unit based on its employee safety performance during the past year and its effort toward meeting long-term safety goals over a three-yearperiod.
Tom Hagan, executive vice president – AEP West Utilities, re- tired last year. We appreciate his dedicated service to the company. Venita McCellon-Allen, who had been president and chief operating officer of SWEPCO,
succeeds Tom in that post.
Finally, let me say how much I appreciate
your support and that of all our stakeholders, includ- ing our customers, our communities, our employees, our regulators and our policymakers. We are striving to operate as effectively as we can in a very challenging environment, which we have done before during our 102-year history and doubtless will do again. Please be assured that protecting your investment and help- ing it grow – despite the environment in which we are operating – heads our 2009 agenda. Thank you for your patience and your continued support.
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2009
I’m delighted to note
the addition of two new mem-
bers to our Board of Directors in
the past year. John Turner, who was
board in July, was formerly an assistant secretary of state for Oceans and International Environ- mental and Scientific Affairs and also headed Th e Conservation Fund. His expertise in helping busi- nesses operate in more sustainable ways is extremely valuable to us.
Sara Martinez Tucker was elected to the board in January 2009. She has served as undersecre- tary of the U.S. Department of Education, president and chief executive officer of the Hispanic Scholar- ship Fund and regional vice president for AT&T Global Business Communications Systems. Her var- ied experience in the public and private sectors will benefit our board and company greatly.
I am saddened by the passing of John Des- Barres. He had served on the board since 1997 and had chaired the Human Resources Committee since 2001. Before that, he was chairman of the Nuclear Oversight Committee. I have known John since the 1980s, when we worked together in the interstate
Letter From The Chairman
 elected to the
John P. DesBarres
‘Our board misses his leadership, his intelligence, his warmth and his graciousnessmore than I can express.’
 5
