 Our robust and agile wholesale business combined with our stable regulated business provides a balanced, asset-backed portfolio that will continue to deliver value as industry restructuring evolves.
Our Chairman’s Letter
to Shareholders
Dear fellow shareholders: The speed and magnitude of industry change, com- plicated by the California energy crisis and the Enron collapse, are truly astounding. Together with the September 11th terrorist attacks, these events have had far-reaching impact on our nation and our industry.
But our industry showed its strength and its ability to weather the disruptions. And I remain excited about our opportunities. I am proud to report that AEP con- tinues to be strong and successful. Our robust and agile wholesale business combined with our solid regulated business provides a balanced, asset-backed portfolio that will continue to deliver value as industry restructuring evolves. AEP’s diversified portfolio can produce earnings growth of 6 percent to 8 percent over the long term, and our dividend yield currently exceeds 5 percent.
Let me alleviate your concerns at the outset. AEP’s wholesale business contin- ues to be viable and profitable. It’s producing real cash and real profits. And our longstanding conservative and risk-averse culture means that we apply
  2
 
                                           prudent accounting, financial disclosure and risk management practices to the business. We evaluate these practices on an ongoing basis to ensure our financial integrity and minimize adverse effects on our business.
Last October we hosted a meeting for investors and analysts – A Day in the Life of an AEP Energy Merchant – at our Columbus headquarters. For many attendees, it was their first air travel since September 11th. For us, it was the first time our whole- sale business leaders met with the financial community to talk about the breadth and depth of our energy marketing opera- tions and the impressive assets that support them.
We wanted our guests to see firsthand how we have linked entrepreneurial talent, our technical and operational prowess and the strength of our assets, which include:
• More than 42,000 megawatts of worldwide electric generating capacity, including the largest generation
fleet in America,
• 128 billion cubic feet of gas storage,
• 6,400 miles of natural gas pipeline,
• More than 7,000 rail cars,
• 1,800 barges and 37 tug boats, making us the nation’s
fourth-largest inland barge company, and
• The capability of producing 10 million tons of coal annually.
The benefits of this unique integration of resources are reflected in our 2001 results. The company’s wholesale electricity and natural gas marketing activities contributed $968 million in gross margins in 2001, an increase of $290 million over 2000. Cash realized during 2001 accounted for approximately 73 percent of that total, and we expect to receive more than half the balance this year.
In addition, AEP’s nationwide ranking in natural gas volume rose dramatically last year and we remained a leader in elec-
tricity volume. Our domestic wholesale natural gas volume last year was 3,874 billion cubic feet, a 178 percent increase from 2000, and our electricity volume rose 48 percent to 576 million megawatt-hours.
2001 performance
Our 2001 ongoing earnings of $3.38 per share represented
a 25 percent increase over 2000. Earnings as reported totaled $3.01 per share, reflecting – among other items – costs associated with the completion of AEP’s merger with Central and South West Corp. and write-off of Enron obligations related to our purchase of Houston Pipe Line.
Cook Nuclear Plant added 61 cents per share to earnings
over its 2000 contribution. Cook has been a very solid performer since returning to service in 2000, as expected, and has exceeded its capacity factor goals for 2001.
We are seeking a 20-year extension of the two Cook units’ operating licenses, which expire in 2014 and 2017.
Our stock price fell 6.4 percent from year-end 2000 to year-end 2001 and our total shareholder return (stock price plus the value of cash dividends) for 2001 was down 1.2 percent, compared with 54.9 percent growth in total return the prior year. But we performed better than the electric utility sector, which was down 8.2 percent; the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, down 11.9 percent; and the NASDAQ, down 20.8 percent. AEP last year ranked 10th in total return among the 26 companies in the S&P Electric Utilities Index, up from 15th at the close of 2000.
Last year marked the first full year since completion of the merger with CSW. We met our 2001 net merger savings target and are on track to meet our overall savings goal for post- merger initiatives of $2 billion plus another $1 billion saved through process improvements.
 Our tightly controlled risk management processes have contributed to our track record of consistent, steady returns.
  3

                                          Priorities: credit quality, risk management
Credit quality has always been a cornerstone of AEP’s financial strength. We will strive to maintain our overall credit rating of A-/Baa1 by reducing debt, ensuring strong cash flows, closely monitoring risks and potential liabilities and maintaining liquidity.
Our tightly controlled risk management processes have contributed to our track record of consistent, steady returns. In our wholesale marketing business, trading desk managers have prescribed risk limits and several independent risk over- sight committees monitor overall activity.
Last spring we created the position of chief risk officer and appointed Scott Smith to take on that role. Scott brings years of senior-level risk management experience with various corporate and government entities to AEP. He and his team are working to ensure that AEP makes informed and prudent risk management decisions around financial, strategic and operational matters.
Benefits of corporate separation
A year ago, we predicted that the legal and functional separation of our regulated and unregulated businesses would be facilitated by industry deregulation. While progress on deregulation has slowed, due in part to concerns triggered by California’s energy crisis, I am confident that we will complete our corporate separation soon.
Among the 11 states where AEP operates, only Ohio, Texas, Virginia and Michigan have implemented
deregulation legislation. Our unregulated
generation capacity represents nearly half
our domestic generation portfolio of more than 38,000 megawatts. We continue to support deregulation plans that offer benefits to all utility customers, shareholders and the industry overall.
Corporate separation will lead to the creation of two wholly owned subsidiaries,
one containing AEP’s unregulated businesses and the other housing our regulated businesses. The separation makes strategic sense for the company and its constituents. It will allow AEP to comply with restructuring legislation in Ohio and Texas and better meet the wide-ranging needs of our various customer segments. It will also unlock shareholder value by helping investors more clearly assess each business, permit more efficient financing, and pave the way for future reorgani- zation options.
We are working closely with the rating agencies to design appropriate capital structures to help us meet our goals, and we pledge to maintain our credit quality and our commitments to existing debtholders throughout the corporate separation process.
Extracting value along the energy chain
AEP’s wholesale business – which includes our generation and related assets and associated marketing activities – contributed $2.40 per share to ongoing earnings in 2001 before capital costs, up from $1.93 in 2000. This reflects Cook’s return to service and the fast growth of our wholesale gas business.
Our wholesale strategy is simple. We are committed to extracting value all along the “energy chain,” which starts with procuring, storing and transporting fuel and progresses to generating power, marketing energy and managing risk for our customers. Our wholesale acquisitions over the past year show the robust activity along this chain.
Our acquisition of Houston Pipe Line from Enron last June immediately gave us new information about the natural gas industry and expanded our gas business, which we launched in 1998 with the acquisition of Louisiana Intrastate Gas. Our gas assets and the market understanding they give us have helped catapult AEP nearly to the top rung in wholesale natural gas volume. HPL’s Bammel Gas Storage Facility, one of North
   Jefferson Island storage & hub, Jefferson Island Storage & Hub,
Louisiana Intrastate Gas Louisiana
  4

                                           America’s largest storage fields, gives us a competitive edge by allowing our marketers to buy large volumes at low prices and store until selling when prices are high.
In November we acquired MEMCO Barge Line, greatly expanding our transportation resources and, again, providing information to help maximize our merchant operations’ effec- tiveness. In addition to transporting coal for our own plants, AEP barges move a wide variety of commodities for many other customers. We expect our fleet will move some 50 million tons of dry bulk commodities annually along the Ohio and lower Mississippi rivers and their tributaries, and along the Gulf Coast.
AEP sold its affiliate mining operations in Ohio and West Virginia last summer because they had become too costly to maintain. However, several months later we purchased the coal mining operations and associated facilities and reserves
of Quaker Coal Co. We were able to obtain these assets at a very attractive price through Quaker’s bankruptcy reorganiza- tion proceedings, and we are confident we’ll be able to operate them at lower cost. As you know, AEP has many decades of experience in the coal business. Coal remains a critical asset for us, representing roughly 68 percent of our generation.
At the end of 2001 we completed the purchase of 4,000 megawatts of coal-fired generation in the United Kingdom. Waiting to acquire the right properties at the right price has paid off. We paid approximately $200 per kilowatt for the Fiddler’s Ferry and Ferrybridge generating stations, compared with more than $500 per kilowatt paid by the prior owner in 1999. These new AEP assets will link to our London-based wholesale trading and marketing organization, paralleling the relationship between our U.S. merchant organization and domestic generating and gas pipeline assets.
Another important transaction in December 2001 was the acquisition of Enron’s international coal marketing operation, also based in London. The transaction included marketing offices and a 22-member staff with proven track records in the UK, Germany, Australia and China, and contracts in Europe, Australia, Africa and South America.
This January we hired 35 former employees of Enron Nordic Energy and assumed operation of existing energy marketing offices in Oslo and Stockholm. This gives AEP ready-made capability for electricity and weather derivative trading, origina- tion and portfolio management in five European nations where we didn’t have a presence previously.
Our European operations now include power marketing in eight nations, natural gas marketing in the UK and gas and coal marketing throughout northwestern Europe.
Strong, agile, asset-backed and far-reaching – that’s AEP’s wholesale business.
The wholesale generation advantage
We are recruiting the best and brightest for our wholesale marketing team and our plant operators continue to be reward- ed for thinking like business people. Our goal is to make sure information about plant availability and expected demand flows freely between the generating plant floor and the trading floor to permit decisive actions that ensure system reliability and optimize plant economics.
For example, at AEP’s Mitchell Plant in West Virginia last November, plant operators applied keen technical knowledge and ingenuity to returning a generating unit to service several days earlier than projected. This prompt action added about $900,000 to AEP’s bottom line.
 Strong, agile, asset-backed and far-reaching – that’s AEP’s wholesale business.
  5

                                            In recent years, we have taken a contrarian approach to building new generating capacity. We don’t believe investing in new plants is the best use of investor capital. Instead, we look for ways to participate in merchant plant development in specific markets or circum- stances where we can earn adequate returns.
Some projects give us access to the excess megawatts not required by our business partners without having to invest our capital. We can sell this generation in the wholesale market just as we would if we owned the physical assets. The cogeneration projects that AEP Pro Serv, Inc., is developing for such cus- tomers as Dow Chemical (900 megawatts) and Buckeye Power (510 megawatts) offer these benefits. AEP Pro Serv provides engineering, environmental, maintenance and construction management services to external customers.
AEP also is growing megawatts at reduced cost by repowering older generating units, such as our 40-year-old, gas-fired Northeastern Station in Oologah, Oklahoma. By adding two
gas combustion turbines and two heat-recovery steam generators, we were able to increase Northeastern’s capacity from 160 megawatts to 475 megawatts. The project was completed last fall at a cost of $135 million, or $428 per kilowatt. The cost of building new gas-fired combined-
cycle capacity is $500 to $600 per kilowatt. Natural gas fuels approximately 22 percent of AEP’s generating fleet.
Growth in renewable energy
We don’t expect our fuel mix to change appreciably, but one area that saw significant growth this year is our renewables generation. In fact, AEP has become one of the largest wind generators in the nation.
Commercial operation of AEP’s Trent Mesa Wind Project near Abilene, Texas, began last summer. Output of the 150-megawatt project is committed to TXU Corp. We also purchased the 160-megawatt Indian Mesa Wind Power Project from Enron Wind. City Public Service, the municipal electric utility for San Antonio, Texas, will buy all the power generated from
the Indian Mesa turbines under long-term agreements. Wind power now accounts for nearly 1 percent of AEP’s generation. We are evaluating other renewable technologies, such as solar energy and biomass, as well.
Emissions reduction
Our ability to meet federal standards to control nitrogen oxide emissions continues to focus on use of selective catalytic reduction (SCR) technology. We have installed the technology on two 1,300-megawatt units and SCR installation is scheduled
for two more 1,300-megawatt units this year. Another five generating units have been approved for SCR installation.
All told, compliance with nitrogen oxide emission standards could cost the company an estimated $1.6 billion in capital expenditures.
Value creation in the wires business
With its reasonably predictable earnings
and cash flow, AEP’s wires business provides a balance to our wholesale business that makes us even stronger.
Our wires business is focused on value cre- ation, or identifying opportunities to do things better and smarter and then working with regulators to share the benefits with both customers and shareholders. This business
  MEMCO Barge Line
    One area that saw significant growth this year is our renewables generation. In fact, AEP has become one of the largest wind generators in the nation.
    Trent Mesa Wind Project
   6

                                           contributed $2.30 per share to 2001 ongoing earnings before capital costs, up a dime from 2000. Greater revenue and flat operating and maintenance expenses led to the improvement.
Employees in our wires operations are ferreting out ways to reduce capital expenditures by $800 million and annual opera- tion and maintenance expenses by $100 million over the next four years.
Our regulated businesses are coming up with innovative ways to trim costs, raise revenue and – at the same time – improve service. For instance, wires employees are combining extensive training, the latest technology and years of experience to per- form maintenance on energized power lines. The more mainte- nance that can be done safely on lines without
removing them from service, the more trans- mission capacity that’s available to serve retail and wholesale customers.
Use of AEP lines for wholesale transactions
with unaffiliated parties has also become a significant source of revenue for us, growing
to $154 million in 2001 from $60 million five
years ago. And our employees are generating revenue by teaching live-line maintenance procedures to contractors and line personnel from other utilities.
Maximizing return
Maximizing the regulated return we can earn on our substantial transmission and distribution assets is an ongoing goal. Our 38,000-mile transmission network has a net book value of more than $3.4 billion and our regulated distribution assets have a net book value exceeding $5.8 billion.
As I mentioned in last year’s letter, AEP believes for-profit man- agement of the transmission portion of our wires business will enhance its value to investors while meeting customers’ and regulators’ requirements. In our view, this business model will bolster competitive generation markets by providing seamless,
nondiscriminatory transmission access while encouraging capi- tal investment for transmission improvements and expansion.
AEP has been very involved over the past few years in forming the Alliance RTO (regional transmission organization), which is based on this model. We and our Alliance partners, at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission’s (FERC) direction, are exploring whether the for-profit entity can fit under another RTO’s umbrella. FERC has approved a wholly owned subsidiary of National Grid as the Alliance’s independent managing mem- ber. National Grid has extensive background in successfully operating transmission systems in North America and the UK.
Adding to our track record
I’m excited about our prospects for 2002.
AEP has demonstrated it has the resources, expertise and leadership to deliver value to shareholders in all economic conditions. We expect our balanced portfolio of businesses
to provide ongoing earnings per share of $3.60 to $3.75 in 2002. That estimate is based on some confidence the economy will recover and on our potential issuance of equity to sup- port corporate separation, fund new growth and strengthen our balance sheet.
We anticipate our acquisitions of HPL, MEMCO Barge Line, Quaker Coal and the UK generating stations to add approxi- mately 22 cents per share to 2002 earnings.
We are exploring options for our electric distribution and electric and gas supply subsidiary in southeast England (SEEBOARD) and our electricity distribution and retail sales subsidiary in Melbourne, Australia (CitiPower). We will evaluate possible divestiture of these investments, but any divestiture is not likely before the third quarter.
We expect AEP’s unregulated wholesale business to contribute approximately 38 percent of total earnings before interest and taxes in 2002, with our regulated energy distribution business
   Energy Marketing
   7

                                          contributing 26 percent; regulated energy transmission business, 19 percent; and regulated generation business, 17 percent.
Continued strategic acquisitions and development of wholesale products and geographic regions will fuel much of our 6 percent to 8 percent projected growth. A full year of operation of assets we acquired in 2001 also will contribute heavily.
Improving our capital structure and reducing our short-term debt remain goals for 2002. At the close of 2001, short-term debt accounted for 13 percent of our capitalization, down from 18 percent a year earlier. We are targeting a consolidated equity ratio of at least 40 percent.
We’re confident the challenge raised to Securities and Exchange Commission approval of the AEP-CSW merger in a federal appeals court will result in confirmation of the approval — sometime this year, we hope.
Giving credit where credit is due
In closing, I want to thank AEP employees for the dedication, energy and resilience they demonstrated in 2001. Without their efforts and successes, day in and day out, AEP would not be the strong, balanced and agile enterprise it has become. Our nearly 28,000 people worldwide are the face and spirit of AEP.
How very fitting that our employees’ hard work was recognized last year with the Edison Electric Institute’s Emergency Response Award. Two ice storms ravaged the western part of our service territory in the last few weeks of 2000, cutting power to several hundred thousand customers. The EEI award honors the nearly 5,000 AEP employees, contractors, support personnel and visiting crews who worked around the clock to repair damage and restore electric service.
I appreciate the efforts of my senior management team in adjusting to the new duties many of them assumed last fall as part of AEP’s management realignment. Tom Shockley, vice
chairman, has the new additional title of chief operating officer and has overall responsibility for AEP’s regulated and unregulat- ed businesses. Susan Tomasky is now chief financial officer in addition to her responsibilities in the policy and strategy arena. Henry Fayne, formerly chief financial officer, heads our regulated business, filling the very big shoes left by Bill Lhota’s retirement late last year. Eric van der Walde oversees our wholesale line of business.
Bob Powers continues to have executive oversight for our nuclear operations while assuming new responsibilities in non-nuclear engineering and research and development, and Chris Bakken is chief nuclear officer based at the Cook plant site. Joe Vipperman continues to oversee our shared services organization.
No expression of thanks would be complete without noting
my appreciation for the contributions of our Board of Directors. In particular, I want to recognize James Powell, who retires from the board this year. Jimmie joined our board when the AEP-CSW merger was completed and has served on the audit, policy, and directors and corporate governance committees. He had served on CSW’s board since 1987. We will miss Jimmie’s wise counsel and informed guidance and wish him all the best in retirement.
Last but surely not least, thank you to AEP’s customers and investors. Your role in our success cannot be overstated. We will continue to work diligently to earn your business and your loyalty.
E. Linn Draper, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
February 27, 2002
  8
