 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
L ast year was extremely difficult for AEP. Due to
a variety of factors, our earn- ings fell dramatically, as did our
stock price. We deeply regret that our performance was far below our goals and your expectations.
In response to the negative
developments in 2002, we are taking
decisive steps to strengthen our bal-
ance sheet and put the company back
on track for value growth. We remain
dedicated to providing low-cost electricity, superior customer service and an attractive return to investors.
A look back: Disappointing results
Our utility operations performed reasonably well in 2002 despite rising costs, but the withering of wholesale markets in the U.S. and abroad cut into earnings from our wholesale operations. As I’m sure you’re aware, the wholesale arena – including power generation, associated assets and related marketing activity – had been highly profitable for us the past couple of years.
AEP’s ongoing earnings totaled $2.89 per share in
2002 compared with $3.38 in 2001. As-reported earnings were negative $1.57 per share, down from $3.01 the previous year.
Writing down the value of poorly performing investments contributed to charges of approximately $1.5 billion for 2002. Some of these write-offs, such as those related to telecommu- nications assets, were anticipated. Others, such as a $415 million charge related to our generation assets in the United Kingdom, were not. We also incurred an equity reduction of nearly $600 million because of lost value in our pension plan assets. While the latter event lowered the equity on our
balance sheet, the other items also reduced the earnings on our income statement.
On the positive side, despite last year’s very tough market, we strengthened our balance sheet by $2 billion. We did it by selling non-core assets and issuing additional common stock and equity units. In 2002 we completed the sale of SEEBOARD, a regional electric company in the UK, and CitiPower, an Australian electricity provider. AEP’s first visit to the equity market in 20 years occurred last spring. Cash proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from the asset sales and $990 million from the issuance of common stock and equity units were used to pay down debt.
We did not attain our capitalization goal for 2002 of 45 percent equity and 55 percent debt but we expect to
  E. Linn Draper, Jr. — Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
   1
 American Electric Power/2002 Summary Report to Shareholders

    make significant progress this year. Our long-term goal is 50 percent to 55 percent debt.
A look ahead: Focus on the basics
In 2003, we will focus on the basics. We are returning to a more traditional model of a regulated utility with a small commercial group dedicated to maximizing the value of our generation fleet, which is the largest in the United States.
2002 Shareholder Return
executive management will not be paid
0
     this year. In addition, we expect to pare our -5 capital expenditures forecast for this year by
          -10 -15 -20
$200 million, to $1.5 billion.
Our decision to recommend a reduction in
                         the quarterly dividend of about 40 percent -25 to our Board of Directors came after consid- -30 erable analysis and was painful but neces- -35 sary. Reducing the dividend to a quarterly
                                     -40
rate of 35 cents per share, starting with the second quarter, will result in annual cash savings of $340 million. This will immedi- ately improve retained earnings and create
        2
Currently, we think AEP’s traditional utility
business will perform at roughly the same
level as last year and the wholesale business will have a somewhat weaker year. We project 2003 ongoing earnings in the range of $2.20 to $2.40 per share, including the dilution from additional equity issued in this year’s
first quarter.
free cash flow to boost liquidity and pay down debt. We believe the dividend will still have significant value and produce an attractive yield.
We began shedding assets to improve our balance sheet last year and anticipate that process will accelerate in 2003. Non-core assets are the most likely candidates for divestment. This will be an orderly disposition. Proceeds will go toward debt reduction.
Our liquidity position is strong. We have $3.5 billion available in cash and credit facilities, and we had $1.2 billion in cash at the end of last year. During 2003, we expect free cash flow of approximately $130 million after dividends are paid.
In 2003, we aim for year-end capitalization consistent with a strong BBB rating. We will continue to seek
To bolster our balance sheet, we plan to lower costs, reduce the quarterly dividend, dispose of additional non- core assets, maintain our liquidity and current lines of credit, and maximize cash flow.
A company-wide cost reduction program should result in sustainable net savings in operations and maintenance costs of approximately $60 million when compared with 2002 actual expenditures, and more than $300 million when compared with previously projected 2003 expendi- tures. We reduced our work force by approximately 1,300 positions. Based on 2002 performance, bonuses for senior
S&P Electric Utility Index
AEP
S&P Index
   American Electric Power/2002 Summary Report to Shareholders

  “AEP’s regulated operations generate stable, reasonably predictable revenue and earnings. They have been a steady contributor to our performance all along.”
   opportunities for further debt reduction and to work with the rating agencies to ensure we’re addressing their concerns.
With deregulation at a standstill in much of our service area, we are re-evaluating our corporate separation initiative. The legal separation of our regulated and unregulated businesses is provided for in Texas and Ohio, where generation is deregulated and customers in most areas are able to choose their electricity supplier. However, the cost savings and benefits for all customers of a company-wide separation are now uncertain. We are exploring these issues with our regulators. Our intent is to comply with restructuring legislation in the states that provide for a legal separation and to maintain a functional separation elsewhere.
Even with deregulation stalled, many of the nearly 5 mil- lion customers linked to our wires will benefit from rate freezes in their respective states for the next several years.
Utility operations: Stable, predictable
AEP’s regulated operations generate stable, reasonably predictable revenue and earnings. They have been a steady contributor to our performance all along. The mission of our regulated business unit is to provide safe, cost-effective and reliable service to customers.
Ongoing earnings from utility operations in 2002 totaled $3.26 per share, up from $3.19 in 2001. Retail gross margins rose $250 million in Texas, $178 million in Ohio and $91 million in other jurisdictions throughout AEP’s
11-state service territory, thanks in part to increased usage by residential customers.
AEP’s Texas operations were a major contributor to last year’s utility-related earnings improvement. Customer choice was introduced in January 2002 in most areas of our Texas service territory. AEP’s obligation to supply retail electric providers (REPs) in that state last year con- tributed $495 million to gross margin. Sale of our affiliat- ed REPs to Centrica, a leading retail energy provider, near the end of 2002 provided immediate cash proceeds of $146 million. The transaction includes an arrangement through 2006 that allows AEP to share in any increased earnings opportunities that develop in the Texas retail market, protecting us against downside exposure.
Transmission represents a significant piece of our regulated business. AEP, following Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) guidance, continues working toward transferring functional control of its 38,000-mile transmission network to regional transmis- sion organizations, or RTOs.
You may recall that AEP was among the companies deeply involved in recent years in developing a proposed for-profit RTO called the Alliance. Last spring, however, FERC turned down our proposal, so we are pursuing affil- iation with PJM Interconnection for our eastern assets and the Midwest Independent System Operator in the west. At this point, we don’t anticipate divesting our transmis- sion assets. We project RTO-related costs of $30 million to $40 million in 2003.
3
    American Electric Power/2002 Summary Report to Shareholders

  “We are returning to a more traditional model of a regulated utility with a small commercial group dedicated to maximizing the value of our generation fleet, which is the largest in the United States.”
   4
Wholesale investments: Unmet expectations
Our unregulated operations performed well below our projections in 2002. AEP’s wholesale investments lost $45 million or 13 cents per share. Some of these investments, such as our natural gas and barge-line holdings, contributed positively to earnings, but the UK generation we acquired in 2001 – the Fiddler’s Ferry and Ferrybridge plants – posted a $59 million operating loss.
The UK has proved to be a very disappointing and difficult market. The oversupply conditions worsened
as the year progressed, particularly after the British gov- ernment decided to subsidize British Energy. The $415 million write-down of UK generation that I mentioned earlier stems from recent analyses showing that UK power prices won’t recover to levels that will support the carrying value of the plants on our books at the original purchase price of roughly $1 billion.
As I noted above, we will be looking to divest certain wholesale assets and the UK generation certainly will be considered. An even greater loss is possible in the UK in 2003. We’re evaluating the best way to reduce earnings drags and preserve shareholder value in
this investment.
Other unregulated investments not related to our whole- sale business also fared poorly and are candidates for divestment. Our telecommunications business had a $36 million operating loss. We are actively seeking buyers for this business.
Energy marketing: Asset focus
Most of the output of our generating units is committed to our retail customers. The rest is marketed to other utilities and wholesale customers.
Our decision to greatly scale back our energy marketing and trading operations and concentrate on optimizing the value of our assets is reducing our risk exposure and helping to preserve our credit ratings. Net margins from trading activities declined by $349 million last year because of our reduced activity and because earnings from trading in 2001 were exceptionally strong.
The outstanding net fair value of trading contracts has fallen from approximately $450 million to $250 million over the past year. The average duration of our existing trading book is year-end 2003 for gas and second-half 2004 for power.
Our risk management group continues to work closely with the trading group to ensure limits are enforced. We reduced value-at-risk limits by 50 percent last year.
Environmental: Compliance and beyond
Coal-fired generation remains AEP’s mainstay. At the
end of 2002, our generating capacity mix was 69 percent coal and lignite, 20 percent natural gas, 8 percent nuclear and 3 percent wind, hydro and other.
Use of fossil fuels brings with it environmental expendi- tures, but our customer prices remain among the lowest in the regions where we operate.
     American Electric Power/2002 Summary Report to Shareholders

  Our ongoing program to meet federal standards to con- trol nitrogen oxide emissions will cost an estimated $1.3 billion to $2 billion in capital expenditures.
AEP remains a leader in policy discussions and research to address environmental concerns.
We are actively promoting enactment of legislation to further reduce sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury emissions to address air quality issues associated with coal-fired generation. AEP is one of the founding members of the Chicago Climate Exchange, the first voluntary pilot program for trading greenhouse gas emission credits. We’ve committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emis- sions by 4 percent over the next four years. AEP also is participating in a project, led by Battelle, to assess whether deep injection of carbon dioxide into the earth
is a feasible climate-change mitigation technology.
Commitment to improve
I want to thank our employees for their hard work during these unsettling times in the power industry. Assets are AEP’s strength, and our employees are our strongest assets. Their dedication, talent and continued commit- ment to our business mission are at the heart of our plan for recovery in the year ahead.
I also want to recognize the enormous contributions of our Board of Directors and senior management team. Stepping up to new duties last year were Holly Koeppel, who was named to oversee our unregulated businesses after the departure of Eric van der Walde; and Tom
Hagan, head of our shared services organization. Tom succeeded Joe Vipperman, who retired last year after more than four decades of dedicated service.
Last year was indeed difficult and 2003 also holds many challenges. But I believe the measures I have outlined will improve our performance, and we are committed to doing what it takes to rebuild the value of your investment.
E. Linn Draper, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2003
5
        American Electric Power/2002 Summary Report to Shareholders
