  dEAR SHAREHOLdERS: BuILdINg ON OuR SuCCESS
A merican Electric Power enters its second century of operation on firm footing. Our earnings rose in 2006, as did your dividend, and we increased our earnings projections for the next few years. We continue to reap benefits from making
our strong regional utility units the focus of our business strategy. And our employees once again dedicated themselves to safely providing reliable, cost-effective customer service.
   Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 2
Letter from the Chairman

  We intend to deliver value to you, our shareholders,  and  to  strengthen  the  communities  in  which  we  operate,  by  investing  in  our  established  utility  businesses  and  achieving sufficient returns on all of our assets.
  Our  priorities  are  to  upgrade  our  energy  delivery  network  and  invest  in  transmission  projects  that  will  strengthen  the  grid  within  and  adjoining  our  footprint;  to  build  or  purchase  additional  generation  resources  to  meet  customer  demand;  and  to  continue  to  improve  environmental performance at our existing facilities.
We are confident this strategy will serve AEP and our  stakeholders well in 2007 and beyond as we build on our  success of the past couple of years.
Corporate responsibility  I encourage you to watch for AEP’s first-ever Corporate Responsibility report later this spring. It will be available on our website at www.AEP.com. This report will provide  an  overview  of  our  ongoing  efforts  to  engage  our stakeholders and to be a responsible corporate citizen  while  maximizing  our  business  goals,  from  protecting  people  and  the  environment  to  making  our  communities  better places to live and work.
2006 financially strong, outlook favorable
We delivered ongoing earnings of $2.77 per share in 2006,  toward the high end of our earnings target range of $2.65  to $2.80. We also increased our quarterly dividend to 39 cents for a yield of nearly 4 percent. Our as-reported earnings,  prepared  according  to  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  (GAAP),  were  $2.54  per  share,  mainly reflecting an after-tax charge relating to the sale of the Plaquemine Cogeneration Facility to Dow Chemical.
  AEP’s  success  at  regulatory  recovery,  our  load  growth, strong performance by our generation fleet and Commercial Operations organization, and outstanding results  from  our  MEMCO  barge  operations  helped  make  up  for  the  impact  of  mild  weather,  higher  fuel  costs  and 
lower transmission revenue.
  Our  share  price  advanced  nearly  15  percent  during  2006  and  AEP’s  total  return  to  shareholders,  including  cash  dividends  on  our  common  stock,  was  18.8 percent. That figure falls a bit short of the return posted by the S&P Electric Utility Index last year, but it greatly exceeds  our  2005  return  of  12.1  percent  and  the  broader  market’s  return in 2006.
Given this strong performance, our board was gratified to approve a dividend increase for our shareholders for the  second year in a row. The increase of 5.4  percent  in  the  quarterly dividend, effective last December, follows a 5.7 percent increase a year earlier.
  We  expect  annual  growth  in  ongoing  earnings  per  share of 5 percent to 7 percent through at least 2009, up  from the 3 percent growth per year forecasted previously. Fuelingthegrowthwillbeloadgrowthofabout1.5 percent;  disciplined investment in our utility operations; regulatory  recovery  on  new  investments,  including  innovative  rate  plans  that  will  reduce  “lag  time”;  and  continued  success  in controlling costs.
  Our  earnings  prospects  for  2007  are  strong  despite  projected increases in fuel, financing and operational and maintenance costs, as well as reduced off-system sales. The expected lower off-system sales have a positive “flip side” because they stem from greater retail load and  heightened  commitments  to  municipalities  and  rural  electric cooperatives through the efforts of our Commercial Operations group.
Shareholder Return
  3
                                              American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders
   
     Clockwise from upper left: Service installation, SWEPCO; coal pile, West Virginia; line mechanic, Columbus, Ohio; MEMCO barge, Ohio River
We project per-share ongoing earnings of $2.85 to  $3.05 for 2007, $3.00 to $3.30 for 2008 and $3.15 to $3.45  for 2009.
  Using  primarily  cash  from  operations  and  debt  issuances,  AEP  invested  approximately  $3.5  billion  in  its  utility  infrastructure  in  2006  compared  with  about  $2.5  billion  in  2005. This includes nearly $1.4  billion  to  improve our environmental performance, $700 million for  other investments in our generating fleet and more than $1.4 billion to enhance and maintain the reliability of our  energy transmission and distribution system.
  Plans  call  for  a  capital  investment  of  approximately 
$3.5 billion in 2007 and $3 billion in both 2008 and 2009. We reduced our capital investment forecast late last year  when it became apparent that construction of our planned,  and much needed, Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC)  generating  plants  would  be  somewhat  delayed because of regulatory and legal challenges.
We are committed to maintaining our credit quality, which  enhances  our  access  to  capital  and  keeps  our  financing costs lower.
  In  2006,  we  met  our  goal  of  maintaining  our  debt  ratio below 60 percent of total capitalization. Debt at year- end constituted 59.1 percent of total capitalization and, on 
 4
Letter from the Chairman

a credit-adjusted basis, 56.6 percent.
Chief among the debt issuances last year was our
Texas Central Company (TCC)  securitization  bonds,  totaling $1.74 billion. We received approval in June 2006  to securitize our stranded costs and related carrying costs  associated with the sale of TCC generating assets.
Keeping our liquidity strong is another goal, and we have committed to maintain a $200 million minimum cash  balance. Our balance sheet listed $301 million in cash and  cash equivalents at the end of 2006.
Regulatory success
Bringing decision-making responsibility closer to our customers  and  other  stakeholders  has  allowed  us  to  forge stronger relationships. Ultimately, this benefits  our shareholders.
The regulatory outcomes in our various jurisdictions point to the success of our regional utility strategy. We achieved beneficial rate changes in West Virginia, Virginia and Kentucky. Those changes and initiation of a new rate structure  in  Ohio  provided  an  additional  $325  million  in  revenue, a substantial contribution to our bottom line.
Rate relief is central to our continued financial suc- cess as well. Currently, we are seeking an additional $340  million in recovery for 2007 through cases in Virginia, Texas, Oklahoma and Ohio.
  Even  with  approval  of  higher  rates,  AEP  remains  among the lowest-cost providers in the 11 states we serve.
We continue to be a leader in transmission
AEP  has  always  been  an  industry  leader  in  transmission  innovation  and  expertise,  and  the  company  is  emerging  as a leader in transmission-related public policy as well. We  recognize  that  the  nation’s  electricity  grid  needs  enhancements  to  improve  reliability,  make  wholesale  markets more efficient and contribute to economic growth and national security.
  AEP pioneered 765-kilovolt (kV) extra-high voltage
transmission  in  1969  and  today  owns  more  765-kV lines than all other U.S. transmission systems combined.
We made the first major transmission proposal under the  Energy  Policy  Act  of  2005  when  we  unveiled  plans  in January 2006  for  a  550-mile, 765-kV line that would extend from West Virginia to New Jersey. Dubbed I-765,  the  line  would  lower  congestion  costs  and  transmission  line  losses  within  the  PJM  Interconnection,  saving  PJM customers more than $1 billion per year. PJM is the  regional  transmission  organization  that  oversees  reliability of the grid in 13 eastern and Midwest states.    PJM and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission must approve the I-765 project, estimated to enter service  in  2015  at  a  cost  of  about  $3  billion,  which  would be recovered over several decades. We envision other  transmission  owners  within  PJM  sharing  in  this  investment, with opportunities for satisfactory returns.
  AEP also has identified other opportunities for transmission  investment  in  areas  within  or  adjoining  the  company’s footprint.
  We  have  partnered  with  MidAmerican  Energy  Holdings Company to create a regulated transmission utility, Electric Transmission Texas LLC, that will design,  build  and  operate  transmission  assets  within  the  Electric  Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). We look for the first joint-venture projects to enter commercial op- eration  during  2007,  with  proposed  projects  valued  at  $1 billion planned over the next several years. We think this partnership will add to our near- and long-term earnings growth.
  ERCOT  is  experiencing  growth  in  electric  demand,  and  transmission  improvements  are  needed  to  support  the state’s commitment to wind generation development,  merchant generation and transmission congestion relief. ERCOT’s  comparatively  high  degree  of  regulatory  certainty, including its streamlined annual review process,  makes investment in Texas attractive – as does the typical authorized rate of return.
 5
American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders

  In addition, AEP and ITC Transmission of Michigan are  studying  the  feasibility  of  extending  AEP’s  765-kV transmission  system  into  Michigan’s  Lower  Peninsula  to  help  alleviate  transmission  constraints  and  to  support  a  competitive generation market. There is no commitment to build or operate transmission assets at this point.
  AEP also has responded to a request from Southwest Power  Pool  (SPP)  for  proposals  addressing  transmission  congestion, reliability and access to new generation in that  region. AEP’s  service  territory  in  Oklahoma,  Arkansas,  Louisiana and a small portion of Texas falls within SPP,  which  is  evaluating  our  proposal  to  build  600  miles  of  765-kV transmission.
  Our  company  met  a  major  milestone  last  summer  when  AEP’s Wyoming–Jacksons Ferry 765-kV line entered service 16 years after it was proposed. The 90-mile line strengthens the transmission system in southern West  Virginia, southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky. Energy  demand  in  this  region  has  skyrocketed  since  the  previous  major  transmission  upgrades  more  than  30  years earlier.
  AEP’s increased emphasis on transmission is reflected in  the  decision  to  elevate  our  head  position  overseeing  that function from vice president to senior vice president. Mike Heyeck holds this post.
  And we continue to focus on improving the reliability 
 Mitchell Plant
near Moundsville, W.Va. Trona system installation
 6
Letter from the Chairman

  ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROLS THE TRONA PROCESS
A merican Electric Power pioneered the use of dry trona to mitigate emissions of sulfur trioxide at coal-fired generating plants with flue gas desulfurization systems to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions and selective catalytic reduction systems
to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions. Trona, or sodium sesquicarbonate, is the raw material in soda ash, which is used to make glass, paper and detergents. To control sulfur trioxide, trona is injected into the flue gas upstream of the electrostatic precipitator (which removes ash particles created by coal combustion). Here, a contractor works on installation of a trona injection system, which includes a silo for storing the dry trona, several blowers, dehumidifiers, nozzles to disperse trona into the ductwork, and controls.
of  our  energy  distribution  system,  investing  almost  $900  million in it last year. A reliability plan filed in Ohio last fall proposes an annual average investment of $130 million  over five years. In Oklahoma, a rate adjustment took effect that will allow more frequent tree trimming and recovery of  costs  relating  to  conversion  of  certain  overhead  lines  to underground.
Continued investment in generation is crucial
Just as continued investment in the nation’s energy delivery  system  is  needed  to  ensure  reliable  customer  service, adequate generation resources are required to meet customer demand. AEP is pursuing additional generation  in both its eastern and western regions.
  In 2004, AEP was the first utility to announce plans to build large-scale commercial IGCC clean-coal power plants. We are seeking regulatory approval for two 629- megawatt IGCC units, one in Ohio and the other in West  Virginia. We anticipate obtaining the required permits and finalizing engineering in 2007.
  We  continue  to  believe  IGCC  technology  provides  the most environmentally responsible and cost-effective
    7
American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders

            generation  option  for  AEP customers on a long-term basis. The technology will greatly reduce emissions of sulfur  dioxide  (SO2 ),  particulates,  nitrogen  oxide  (NOx )  and mercury. It also will lower carbon dioxide (CO2 )  emissions  and  accommodate  future  capture  of  CO2  at  a  lower capital cost, and with lower efficiency losses, than conventional coal-fueled technologies.
  In the meantime, it is clear that additional generation  will  be  needed  to  meet  peak  customer  demand  in  our  eastern region before IGCC facilities are operating. We have acquired nearly 1,600 megawatts of natural gas- fired generation in Ohio and Indiana and expect those transactions  to  close  this  year  once  regulatory  approval  is received. This generation would be used primarily when electricity demand is higher than average. We are acquiring the plants at a much lower cost than building the equivalent capacity.
  In  our  western  region,  generating  capacity  is  being  added in Arkansas, Louisiana and Oklahoma. Between our Public Service Company of Oklahoma and Southwestern Electric Power Company operating units, more than 2,000  megawatts are expected to enter service by 2012. This new generation will include the nation’s first ultra-supercritical pulverized  coal  facilities,  supplemented  by  natural  gas  combined cycle and combustion turbine facilities.
Ultra-supercritical coal generation offers greater efficiency and emission reductions than conventional supercritical pulverized coal technology. Because IGCC  performance  with  Powder  River  Basin  coal  and  lignite  cannot  be  guaranteed  by  technology  vendors  at  this  time, ultra-supercritical technology represents the best
Fuel
baseload generation option for our western region from an  operational and environmental performance perspective.
Improving environmental performance
Coal, a domestic resource, fuels nearly three-fourths of AEP’s generating capacity, so investment in our coal-fired plants  to  improve  environmental  performance  remains  a high priority. We have invested more than $2.3 billion  since 2004 and expect to invest another $1.3 billion through  2010 to further reduce SO2, NOx and mercury emissions. Retrofit of environmental controls at the Mountaineer and Mitchell plants was substantially completed last year.
  With  the  improvements  noted  above,  we  anticipate  that by 2010 AEP’s coal-fired NOx and SO2 emissions will  be  reduced  by  79  percent  and  65  percent,  respectively,  from  1994 levels. We also forecast a 55  percent  decline  in  mercury  emissions  from  current  levels  by  2010. And AEP will have achieved these reductions while generating  about 17 percent more electricity.
Even with the costs of these emission-reducing investments taken into account, our customers’ costs will  remain among the lowest in the areas AEP serves.
  Reduction of CO2 emissions will be a long-term focus of ours as well. AEP has participated in policy discussions  about  climate  change  since  the  early  1990s  and  is  the  first and largest U.S. utility to join the Chicago Climate Exchange  (CCX), the first voluntary, legally binding greenhouse gas emissions reduction and trading program  in North America. AEP reduced or offset 31 million metric  tons of CO2-equivalent emissions between 2003 and 2005  with  a  commitment  to  further  cuts  through  power  plant  efficiency gains, use of renewable generation, reforestation projects, off-system greenhouse gas reduction projects and direct purchase of emission credits through CCX.
   Last  year,  AEP  received  the  highest  score  for  the  electric utility industry in a Ceres (Coalition for Environ- mentally  Responsible  Economies)  ranking  of  100  global  companies’ climate change strategies.
                     8
   Diversity
                                         Letter from the Chairman

 Cardinal Plant
Brilliant, Ohio
 9
American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders

Ceres is a national coalition of investors, environmental groups and other public interest organizations that works  with companies on sustainability challenges such as glob- alclimatechange.TheCarbonDisclosureProject,acoali- tion of global investors, also named AEP to its Climate Leadership Index.
ABALL MILL PROCESS
ball mill at a coal- fired AEP generat- ing plant equipped with sulfur dioxide
emission controls is used to crush limestone and combine it with water to form a slurry. The slurry is pumped into the flue gas desul- furization absorber tower. There, a chemical reaction results in capture of approximately 98 per- cent of the sulfur dioxide in the flue gas. The ball mill is designed to crush 68 tons of limestone per hour using 195 tons of steel balls in a rubber-lined steel drum.
Initial meetings of the Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate were held last year. AEP,  which  represents  the  U.S.  power  generation  and  transmission sector in this public-private organization, hosted  a  conference  last  fall  exploring  ways  to  improve  efficiency of coal-fired generation and reduce emissions of CO2 and air pollutants. The six partner nations in the Asia-Pacific Partnership are Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea and the United States.
  Momentum  is  building  for  federally  mandated  CO2  restrictions,  and  AEP  intends  to  be  part  of  the  process  to  ensure  that  the  U.S.  approach  to  addressing  global 
     Mitchell Plant
Ball mill construction
 10
Letter from the Chairman

climate change includes a well-considered strategy. Global  warming  is  obviously  a  global  issue  that  will  require a worldwide approach to stabilize atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gas emissions. But we can  support  the  U.S.  reasserting  its  leadership  role  by  enacting a well-designed cap-and-trade approach that features  appropriate  allocation  of  allowances  and  does  not economically disadvantage the manufacturing base of  our country.
  AEP will continue to lead our industry in advancing  clean-coal combustion technologies and associated carbon capture and storage.
While renewable energy represents only 3 percent of  AEP’s  fuel  mix,  we  are  a  large  owner  and  purchaser 
of  wind  generation  and  are  exploring  opportunities  to 
Projected Investment to Reduce Emissions (in millions)
For reductions in sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and mercury emissions
*Actual
                                                           11
American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders

increase  our  use  of  wind  energy  in  our  eastern  operating  area. In late 2006,  we  announced  plans  to  test  the  wind  capacity in several Indiana counties.
  We  also  deliver  energy  from  approximately  2,200  megawatts of wind generation that is directly linked to our  transmission  system,  thereby  providing  the  critical  path- way between wind-capable areas and load centers where energy is needed.
  Our  D.C. Cook nuclear plant continues to deliver strong results. Last fall, the most comprehensive outage ever at Cook occurred as Unit 1 went off line for refueling. Major  work  during  this  outage  included  replacement  of  the reactor vessel head and the three low-pressure turbine rotors,  and  other  major  component  and  system  improve- ments. During the prior 18-month fuel cycle, the unit set a unit fuel-cycle record for net generation, 12,049 giga- watt-hours, and recorded a capacity factor of 98.2 percent. Cook Unit 2 is scheduled for refueling with similar major equipment and system upgrades later this year.
Focusing on safety
No matter how much our overall safety statistics improve, our safety program is not successful if fatalities occur. I am  saddened  to  tell  you  that  a  member  of  our  Regional  Service Organization working at the Mitchell power plant  near Moundsville, W.Va., died in a job-related accident late last year. We have analyzed the incident closely to determine its exact cause and will use this information to  prevent a similar tragedy in the future.
  We  also  regret  the  death  of  a  contractor  who  was  performing work on behalf of AEP last March.
Safety is absolutely paramount in our industry. We know that we must focus on making safety a priority with  every job, every day. To emphasize our commitment to preventing  fatal  accidents,  AEP’s  senior  management  incentive compensation plan was changed two years ago  to eliminate any safety-related award – one-fourth of the plan – in the event of a fatality during the year.
  AEP introduced the Chairman’s Life Saving Award in  2004  to  recognize  the  extraordinary  efforts  of  our  employees to help people in life-threatening situations. Mike Doswell, an employee of Indiana Michigan Power, will  receive  the  award  for  his  fast  action  in  October  2006  that  prevented  an  automobile  accident  victim  from  inadvertently walking into a fallen, energized wire. Nine other employees have been honored with the Chairman’s Life Saving Award since its inception.
Companywide recognition
The company was recognized for a variety of other reasons during the past year as well. Edison Electric Institute, the association of investor-owned electric utilities, honored AEP  with  its  Emergency  Assistance  Award  for  helping  other utilities restore electric service to their customers on  19 occasions during weather-related emergencies in 2006. More  than  1,000  AEP  employees  and  contractors  spent  more than 85,000 accident-free employee hours restoring power in these situations.
  AEP  was  again  honored  for  being  a  good  place  to  work. For the fourth consecutive year, G.I. Jobs magazine  named AEP one of the nation’s top employers for people  with military experience. And Working Mother magazine  recognized the company as one of the best corporations in  the U.S. for women of color.
Management changes
We  reassigned  a  number  of  our  executive  positions  last  September as part of AEP’s succession planning strategy. Our goal was to broaden the collective experience of our  talented  leadership  team  and  provide  new  perspectives  on  how  the  company  can  better  serve  our  customers  and  create greater value for our employees and shareholders.
Susan Tomasky was named executive vice president – Shared Services; Holly Koeppel, executive vice president  and chief financial officer; Bob Powers, executive vice president – AEP Utilities-East; Nick Akins, executive
 12
Letter from the Chairman

     Clockwise from upper left: Environmental retrofit projects at Cardinal, Amos and Mitchell plants; 765-kV construction project in West Virginia
vice president – Generation; and Venita McCellon-Allen, president and chief operating officer, Southwestern Electric Power Company.
We will build on our success
2006 was not without sadness and frustrations, to be sure,  but mainly it was a year of continued growth and contin- ued success in implementing our utility-focused business strategy. It was a year of delivering solid financial results.
This year, like 2006, offers tremendous opportunities  and challenges. We will build on our recent success by engaging our talented, skilled employees to chart the best 
course for AEP today and in the future.
I am confident that you, our faithful shareholders,
will find your association with AEP rewarding as we enter  our  second  century  of  bringing  comfort  to  our  custom- ers,  supporting  business  and  commerce,  and  building  strong communities.
Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2007
  13
American Electric Power –2006 Annual Report to Shareholders
