 Dear Shareholders:
Letter from the Chairman
 After some twenty-one years as Chairman of AES, I am stepping down May 1
to return to the work that I began several years ago, activities principally related to our family foundation. I also will become Chairman Emeritus of AES and will stay on the Board, confi- dent that the company is on the right course and in good hands to succeed in today’s difficult energy markets.
In the brief words that follow, I would like to give you a sense of the highs and lows
of my experience as Chairman, the things I think we got right and wrong, where we are now, and some thoughts about the global challenges that we still face.
Of my many rewarding experiences at AES, the highlight was the successful development and operation of our two power plants in Pakistan. To develop, in a highly disciplined manner, a much needed and affordable power complex in a country as poor as Pakistan, was and
is tremendously satisfying. The low point for me is probably obvious–learning that the series
of large investments we made in Brazil had been rendered essentially worthless.
I think that we were right in our belief that when given the opportunity, ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things. What we also learned is that giving people the authority to make decisions is neither a substitute for providing leadership and training nor a reason to reduce oversight and accountability. Indeed, I believe our notion of decentralization is made more powerful in a framework that provides the strenuous assessment of success and failure.
It is with this knowledge of our failures and successes in implementing our AES culture that we embrace the future. Indeed, the reason I feel comfortable stepping down at this time is that I believe the pieces are now in place to successfully rebuild the Company.
First, we can adequately service our debt. Our cash flows are stabilized, we have begun selling non-core assets which do not complement our business plan, and we have written off investment failures that occurred in the last five or six years.
Second, our new management has developed a clear sense of how we can create share- holder value. We have implemented a turnaround plan that I believe is challenging, yet realistic. A performance improvement program is well underway, new people are being recruited who possess expertise previously lacking at AES, recapitalization is gradually occurring, and we have installed the necessary transition systems to ensure that stability is maintained.
Third, we are beginning to execute some new development projects in a manner consistent with the development theory that led to our early success and upon which AES was built– non-recourse project financing with risks hedged enough to not require significant equity capital.
  2

The AES Corporation
  We also have not abandoned South America and the UK. We remain focused on attempting to create value from assets essentially written off in those areas of the world.
Finally, we have a strong leadership team getting stronger. Dick Darman will, if elected
to the Board by shareholders, become Non-Executive Chairman. While he will not be an employee of the Company, Dick will dedicate a substantial portion of his time to AES matters. He brings his extraordinary experience and skill to his new role as Chairman.
In the last year, in addition to Dick Darman, we also have added Sven Sandstrom and Charles Rossotti to our Board and nominated Phil Odeen for election to the Board at the Annual Meeting. All three are extremely qualified independent directors that will bring new perspectives, enthusiasm, and experience to our task. Their biographies are in the proxy material that you will soon receive.
At the same time, I want to express my deep gratitude to our outgoing directors: Tom Unterberg, Frank Jungers, Bob Waterman (who stepped down several months ago), Hazel O’Leary and, of course, Dennis Bakke. Tom was our first director, and without him we would not have gotten started or kept going. Frank and Bob both were personal advisors as well as dedicated Board members almost from the beginning. Hazel has been a longtime friend along with being
a director. Their advice, guidance, friendship and commitment has been and will continue to
be invaluable. And as you know, Dennis and I started AES. We have had some remarkable experi- ences, good times and tough times and I am proud that what we built together has developed into a Company that will survive the current difficulties and thrive beyond its original founders.
Of course, the most important job belongs to Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO. I have worked with Paul for eighteen years, and side by side for the last ten months. He is resolute, capable, a person of true integrity, and really understands our business. In his new role, Paul enjoys not only my complete confidence, but also that of his AES colleagues and fellow Board members. His letter, which follows, tells you a lot about the direction in which he plans to lead our Company.
While performance is our principal focus, our shared values continue to impact every aspect of the Company. In this vein, I feel compelled to mention two significant global challenges that I believe AES must continue to address. The first is global climate change. Much has been written on this subject, which I will not attempt to summarize here. But I remain concerned about the possible adverse consequences of a continuing delay in the implementation of measures to reduce the threat of increasing global temperatures. As one of the largest emitters of CO2 in the world, AES must continue to strive to economically stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations. Although I am
 3

The AES Corporation
 proud of the voluntary measures that AES has implemented since 1987 to mitigate or offset CO2 emissions, requirements imposed by the free markets and voluntarism will fall short of the measures that I believe are required. This is a problem that demands government and private sector leadership–now.
The second challenge is of equal gravity–finding ways to provide the electricity undevel- oped nations need to provide jobs and economic well-being to billions of people living in poverty. We have clearly had some success in this area–AES’s projects in Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Tanzania, for example–but we faced, and continue to encounter, huge obstacles to our efforts
to meet this goal. To have any real hope, we all have to find a way to develop these projects more systematically. In Uganda we’ve been working on the Bujagali project for eight years and still haven’t turned a shovel of dirt. Despite the disappointment of that project, we continue to work with The World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, and several of the regional develop- ment banks to find a way to satisfy the accelerating need for electricity in the poorer countries.
In closing, to say co-founding AES has been a fabulous experience would be an understate- ment. There have been extraordinary people to work with, captivating problems to solve, and opportunities to make a real difference in the world. Of course, our efforts to instill the AES culture did not always succeed, we did not always stay on the course that we charted when we began AES, and at times we took our vision of the AES culture to exaggerated levels. We did not, however–nor will we–cease our efforts to make a real difference in the world. I believe strongly that we can learn from our failures, and continue to use the foundation of our unique culture
to increase value for our investors and meet the world’s need for electricity. I am glad that as
a Board member I will still be a part of overseeing these challenges.
It has indeed been an honor and privilege to play the role I have been allowed to play for all these years.
With appreciation to all,
Roger W. Sant
Chairman of the Board and Co-Founder
   4
