                CHAirMAn And CEo LETTEr To AES SHArEHoLdErS
This past year AES achieved its key goals despite the myriad of challenges we faced, including one of the most difficult global economic environments in which we have ever operated. As a reflection of investors’ concerns, the S&P 500 reached a multi-year year low in March and credit markets were extremely volatile throughout the year. In addition, the historic global market uncertainty in equities, foreign exchange, commodities, and other markets made hedging risk difficult and limited our commercial options. AES, like all companies, was impacted by this turmoil, and our stock price in 2009 reflected the turbulence of the overall market.
We responded quickly to the financial crisis by establishing a simple, focused and actionable plan. First, we set out to deliver on the operating and financial goals for the year. Second, we moved to improve the way we communicated the intrinsic value of our company to investors. Third, we took steps to ensure we were able to continue to grow, identifying alternate sources of capital to provide the funds necessary to invest in our future.
We are pleased to report that we accomplished all three of these goals in 2009.
Delivering Results
Our most important accomplishment was that we met our operating and financial goals in 2009. Despite weakening foreign currencies and lower commodity prices, we met our key financial targets. Operational improvements in Asia and Latin America helped offset unfavorable foreign currency movements and lower electricity pricing and demand in North America. In 2009, our Proportional Free Cash Flow1 increased by 93 percent over 2008, to $899 million, and Consolidated Free Cash Flow2 was $1.6 billion, an increase of 14 percent over 2008. We also achieved an all- time record for subsidiary distributions3 to AES of $1.25 billion. An important contributor to our success was our drive to improve operations. We reduced our non-fuel operating and maintenance costs across all regions, which further helped drive our strong performance. In addition, we exceeded our cost savings target of $150 million.
Growing Capacity
During the year we brought 1,000 MW projects of new generating capacity into commercial operation in seven countries. The completion of these projects marked an important milestone in our growth plan, but each project
also represented a significant achievement in its own right. In Jordan, for example, we brought a 380 MW combined cycle plant into operation, enabling the country to reach energy independence goals for the electricity sector. In renewable energy, our AES Wind Generation business brought 176 MW on-line in China, Europe and the United States. Our AES Solar Energy business expanded its presence in Europe with projects commencing construction
or entering operations in Italy, France and Greece. In addition, we are now positioned to bring more than 1,400 MW of power projects on-line in 2010 and another 800 MW on-line in 2011 using a diverse range of energy sources
and technologies.
Communicating Effectively
During this period of economic uncertainty, it was even more important to convey AES’ value proposition. With more than 3,400 MW of fully funded projects in construction at the beginning of 2009, we wanted to provide greater visibility into our businesses that would come on-line through 2011. During our Investor Day in May, we introduced proportional metrics, such as Proportional Free Cash Flow,1 in order to better reflect the economic value of our company. Because we do not own 100 percent of each of our businesses, some of which are joint ventures or publicly listed companies, these proportional metrics provide important information about our financial performance.
1 See Note 1 on page 4 for definition and reconciliation. 2 See Note 1 on page 4 for definition and reconciliation. 3 See Note 2 on page 5 for definition.
2

                                                proportional Free Cash Flow
Dollars in millions
$899 $466
2008 2009
We believe that the performance of our stock price reflected, in part, our efforts to increase transparency and communication. Over the course of the year, AES’ stock price increased 62 percent, outperforming both the
United States utility sector, which increased 11 percent, and the S&P 500, which rose 26 percent.
  Blueprint for 2010 and Beyond
1000
800
600
During 2009, we focused on building a growth blueprint for the future. The first step was to prune the development
pipeline in order to maintain those projects with the best returns and prospects for success. Next we had to identify
200
sources of capital to fund the equity investments required for those projects. We succeeded in both of these efforts.
0
In our core power line of business (thermal power projects), we focused our development work on high growth markets such as Asia. We developed our pipeline of more than 4,000 MW, including coal-fired projects in India and Vietnam.
We also continued to pursue renewable projects (hydropower, wind, solar), given their increasingly important role in our strategy. AES Wind Generation developed a pipeline of more than 6,000 MW, of which 1,200 MW is in advanced development across the United States, Europe and China. AES Solar Energy expanded its advanced pipeline to more than 600 MW, focusing on Europe and to an increasing extent, the United States and India. We also continued to identify opportunities where we could pursue platform expansions from our core power into renewables. For example, in Bulgaria, where we are building a thermal facility, we developed and completed construction of a 156 MW wind project and commenced development of several solar opportunities.
In an environment characterized by extreme volatility in the capital markets, it would not have been possible to execute quickly against our development pipeline or search for new opportunities without alternative sources of capital. We pursued two primary routes to identify sources of funding for development pipelines.
First, to monetize value from our existing portfolio, we entered into agreements to sell our equity interests in our Pakistan and Oman facilities for approximately $200 million. While these had been extremely good businesses for AES, and it was difficult for us to consider selling, the valuations were compelling. And second, in November, we entered into an agreement with China’s sovereign wealth fund, the China Investment Corporation (CIC), to purchase new shares for $1.58 billion. Following receipt of all approvals, CIC will own approximately 15 percent of AES’ common equity. This investment will provide us with the capital we need to invest in our pipeline of development projects and to pursue value accretive acquisitions. It will also strengthen our ties to Asia, where the majority of growth in demand for new generation capacity is expected to occur over the next few decades.
Having met our financial and operational goals in 2009, we are well positioned to pursue attractive opportunities that will continue to drive our growth beyond 2011. As we strive to deliver affordable and sustainable power across the globe, serve our millions of customers and reward our shareholders, we thank you for your continued support.
Paul Hanrahan
President and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2010
400
  Phil Odeen
Chairman of the Board February 26, 2010
3
