  151 Farmington Avenue, F265  Hartford, CT 06156  Mark T. Bertolini  Chairman, Chief Executive   Officer and President 
 

 

 

To our shareholders:    In 2012, Aetna delivered another strong year of results for our shareholders, employees and  customers.  Our diversified portfolio generated solid returns as we helped millions of our  members receive care to get and stay healthy.  At the same time, Aetna continued to lead the way  in transforming our health care system in the United States and around the world.  Through our  strategy, Accountable Care Solutions and mobile technology, we are enabling health care  providers to change the way care is delivered and helping to improve the quality of care received.    Our strategy positions our company for future growth.  We are committed to advancing our core  businesses, focusing on new opportunities in public and private exchanges and executing on our  announced acquisition of Coventry Health Care.  After the close of our acquisition, Aetna will be a  company with $50 billion in annual revenues and expanded capabilities and reach to improve the  quality and affordability of health care.    We believe that new care models represent the future of health care.  Accountable Care  Organizations are payment models that change the traditional relationship between health plans,  providers and patients.  Rather than pay health care providers by activity, these models seek to  reward providers for quality of care.  In 2012, we signed several significant agreements with  pioneering health systems and began developing this model internationally.  These delivery  models reorient the health system from volume to value and achieve better quality care and  lower costs for consumers.    In other parts of the world, we are helping governments design smarter health care systems that  focus on keeping people well and making those who are sick healthier.  Nations that are just  developing health systems have the opportunity to be laboratories for the future for developed  systems in the West.  We view these new, modern health systems as vital to sustained economic  growth, both in keeping populations healthier and providing high value jobs in the health care  sector.    As consumer needs have shifted, we have designed our technology to give consumers greater  access to their health care information.  Using only a smartphone, our members can check  medical symptoms, find a doctor, get a cost estimate, make an appointment, pay a bill and check  their health savings account balance.  In the doctor's office, Aetna patients can update their  medical history by downloading personal health information.  Consumerism is fundamentally  changing health care interactions, and Aetna is committed to making the health system simpler,  more convenient and easier to use for our customers.   

These exciting developments would not be possible without our Aetna employees, who continue  to demonstrate their dedication to meeting the needs of our customers and communities.  In  addition to serving our customers with care and compassion, our employees spent more than  380,000 hours volunteering in their communities in 2012.  Our mission is to empower people to  live healthier lives, and our employees live this mission every day.    Thank you for demonstrating your trust in us.  I am confident that our strategy, solutions and  technology will create greater value for health care consumers and help make the world a  healthier and economically vibrant place. 
 

  Mark T. Bertolini  April 2013 
 

 
 

