151 Farmington Avenue, F265 Hartford, CT 06156 Mark T. Bertolini Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders: 2015 was a landmark year for Aetna. We delivered excellent financial results, announced our agreement to acquire Humana for $37 billion and invested in our most important resource by improving wages and benefits for thousands of employees. Aetna made real progress toward building a healthier world, one person and one community at a time. In total, we generated annual operating revenue of more than $60 billion, with year-over-year operating earnings per share growth of 15 percent. Our Government business continues to be a key growth engine for our company. Within our Medicare business, we saw membership increases of more than 13 percent from 2014 due to growth in both our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement products. The sustained growth in our Medicare businesses speaks directly to our top tier Star Ratings and continued investments in programs that our customers value. Our Medicaid business also performed very well and grew by more than 175,000 members. Expanding collaborative relationships with doctors, health care systems, and other health care professionals also continues to be a focus for our company. We believe these relationships will continue to improve health outcomes, lower costs, and build a better health care system. We now have 73 accountable care arrangements, and over the past year, we increased the medical spend running through value-based contracts from 28 percent to 37 percent. We will continue to invest in strong relationships with providers to help build healthier communities throughout the world. In 2015, Aetna also established our organization as a corporate leader in social responsibility. We increased Aetna's minimum base wage to $16 per hour, affecting approximately 5,700 employees, and we introduced an enhanced medical benefits program that lowers out-ofpocket healthcare expenses for qualifying employees. This investment has already generated lower employee turnover and increased engagement. Our success this year proves that we can continue to do well by doing good. We are excited by our proposed acquisition of Humana. In Humana, we have found our ideal partner to accelerate our efforts to help transform the healthcare system. Not only are our companies highly complementary, combining Aetna's strength in commercial products with Humana's strength in Medicare Advantage, but we are also united by a common culture and purpose. After the close of the transaction, we will be able to offer consumers a broader choice of products, access to higher quality and more affordable care, and a better overall experience. We continue to work diligently on planning for the Humana integration,

and we are excited about the value that the combination will create for consumers and shareholders. As we continue our work to build a healthier world, we believe that Aetna has never been better positioned to enable more healthy days for our members. We appreciate your support and continued investment in Aetna.

Mark T. Bertolini Chairman and CEO April 2016

