To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that the past year was a better one for our organization and we look forward to continued improvement in the next couple years. We improved our financial results in spite of a difficult economic environment. We continue to realign our mix of insurance businesses and maintain our pricing discipline, clarifying and strengthening our position as a leading specialty commercial writer within the property and casualty insurance industry. In October, we announced plans for an initial public offering of a new subsidiary formed to own our nonstandard auto insurance companies and our agency-based personal insurance business. In February of this year, we sold 61% (12.5 million shares) of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation to the public for approximately $186 million which provides additional capital to support the growth of our specialty businesses and reduce our outstanding debt. Through our continuing interest in Infinity, we will enjoy a meaningful share of its growth and profits. In February of this year, we entered into an agreement to settle certain asbestos-related litigation from insurance policies issued in the 1970's and 1980's. We believe that the $123.5 million settlement reduces the financial uncertainty related to such claims and provides resolution to litigation that represented AFG's largest known asbestos-related claim and the only such claim that management believes to be material to our financial condition. In a year of several highly publicized corporate scandals, our board members and management team worked together to confirm and strengthen corporate governance policies and processes. We will continue to refine these in the months ahead to meet the dictates of Congress and the SEC, as well as expectations of investors and the marketplace.

2002 Results
Net earnings for 2002 were $84.6 million or $1.22 per share, a major improvement from the loss of $14.8 million or $.22 per share in 2001. The 2002 results included the charges for the transitional goodwill impairment test required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 as well as the asbestos litigation settlement and a benefit from the resolution of certain tax matters. At year-end shareholders' equity was $1.7 billion, book value was $24.97 per share, and cash and investments exceeded $13.6 billion.  Excluding the asbestos litigation charge, the property and casualty group finished the year with an underwriting profit and a combined ratio of 99.9%, a 4.1 point improvement over 2001. Gross written premiums were $3.9 billion, an increase of 12% over 2001. Both segments--Specialty and Personal groups--showed improved combined ratios and underwriting profits for the year.  Statutory premiums of the annuity, life and health insurance operations were nearly 25% higher than 2001, due to a significant increase in sales of traditional fixed annuities. Net operating earnings for 2002 were lower than 2001, reflecting narrower spreads in the fixed annuity operations as well as declines in the equity markets on the variable annuity business and adverse mortality in the life insurance operations.

2

2002 Annual Report

The Future
We will continue to examine and streamline our mix of insurance businesses to take advantage of the specialty market opportunities. We expect to benefit from the hard market conditions and ongoing price firming in the commercial casualty markets. We believe that our current mix of specialty businesses positions us for solid growth and improved profitability for the foreseeable future. We will continue our focus on disciplined underwriting, proper risk selection, and adequate pricing. While we know that the current economic conditions will continue to be a challenge for us, we believe that our strong balance sheet, sound business strategy, and talented team will enable us to realize our objectives for 2003 and beyond. Sincerely,

Carl H. Lindner Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Carl H. Lindner III Co-President

S. Craig Lindner Co-President

Keith E. Lindner Co-President

April 22, 2003

2002 Annual Report

3

