AFG
achieved solid profitability in 2011, reinforcing the strength
of our longstanding focus on business segmentation and prudent risk
selection. Our emphasis on these factors was evident as we look back
on AFG’s manageable catastrophe losses in a year with insurance
industry catastrophe losses exceeding $100 billion. In addition, the
continued low interest rate environment has had an impact across all
of our businesses. We have been rewarded in the marketplace for our
commitment to establishing crediting rates on our annuity products
that provide acceptable returns and value to our policyholders while
allowing the Company to earn an appropriate risk-adjusted return. At
the very least, these current economic conditions, plus the continued
global economic uncertainty, reinforce our focus on underwriting and
product pricing. We are proud of our track record in achieving industry-
leading operating results. Remaining focused and disciplined has
positioned us well to see possibilities and act on them. We believe our
success will make us even more visible and attractive to our employees,
our producers, our clients and our shareholders.
For many years our underwriting margins have been at or near the
top in our industry. We continue to be highly focused, with teams of
insurance specialists who have successfully managed their operations
with the discipline and the expertise that serve as the hallmarks of our
business model. Careful segmentation of our business and an established
specialization strategy have been instrumental in allowing us to identify
and act upon opportunities and to scale business growth at a healthy
and profitable level. As a result, AFG grew its book value per share
and returned over $380 million in capital to shareholders through share
buybacks and dividends in 2011.
A Commitment to Creating Long-Term Value for Our Shareholders
Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder value.
We believe that the considerable ownership of AFG’s stock by our
management team and employees aligns our interests with those of
our public shareholders. We’re proud of our track record of book
value growth. For the five year period ended December 31, 2011,
compounded annual growth in AFG’s book value per share was
approximately 10%, compared to 4% for our peers. Looking at that
same measure over the past three years—arguably some of the most
challenging for our industry—AFG’s compounded annual growth in
book value per share was 13%, compared to 6% for our peers.
On a market value basis, the annualized compounded growth rate of
AFG’s common stock plus dividends for the five year period ended
December 31, 2011, was approximately 2%, compared to a slight decline
in the Standard & Poor’s (S&P 500) Index and a decline of 6% in the
S&P 500 Property/Casualty Insurance Index. These measures serve as
benchmarks as we evaluate our effectiveness in value creation.
Solid earnings and share buybacks contributed to a 7% increase in
AFG’s adjusted book value per share, to $40.23. In addition, in 2011
we announced an increase in AFG’s annual dividend to $0.70 per share.
This was the seventh consecutive annual dividend increase for the
Company. The five year compounded annual growth in dividends paid
to our shareholders has been approximately 13%. This underscores the
confidence of the Board and management in the Company’s business and
long-term financial outlook.
AFG’s 2011 core net operating earnings generated a return on equity of
9%, and over the last five years it has averaged 13%.
Our Business Model
As a premier specialty insurer, AFG is focused on niche specialty
commercial property and casualty markets and on the sale of annuities
and supplemental insurance products. Our business model is focused on
those markets where we can offer our policyholders valuable expertise,
capable distribution relationships and excellent policyholder service.
The following aspects of our strategic focus will help us increase
shareholder value over the long run. We will:
• Operate in specialty niches where we have significant expertise.
• Improve our existing specialty operations through strategic
acquisitions and organic growth of new products or services that
leverage our expertise.
• Maintain our strong underwriting culture through astute risk
selection and pricing discipline which will preserve pricing integrity
and adequate underwriting profits. We will reduce business volume
in select lines, if needed, to achieve appropriate returns.
• Maintain strong risk management practices through appropriate
reinsurance arrangements and the reduction of exposure to
catastrophe risks.
• Maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy that are prudent
for our business and are consistent with our commitments to rating
agencies.
Nurture relationship-based distribution networks that result
in mutually beneficial partnerships and contribute to business
retention and continuity.
• Grow our business internationally, particularly through the use of
our Lloyd’s platform.
• Focus on achieving investment returns over the long-term that
outperform market indices while effectively managing our
portfolio risk.
• Identify, develop and appropriately reward business leaders who
will enhance the Company’s intellectual capital.
• Improve technology capability to make our businesses more
efficient and enhance the services we provide to our policyholders.
Our long-term financial objectives are to achieve returns on equity
in excess of 12%, grow book value annually at double digit rates, and
maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate liquidity to provide
financial flexibility.
2011 Results
Net earnings were $343 million or $3.33 per share for the year.
Non-core items such as net realized gains of $45 million, a charge
for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets of $28 million and a
second quarter net reserve strengthening of $38 million related to the
Company’s asbestos and environmental exposures were included in
these results. Core net operating earnings per share were $3.53 for the
year, 10% less than our 2010 results. Lower underwriting profit and
lower investment income in our Specialty Property and Casualty (P&C)
insurance operations were partially offset by increased earnings in our
fixed annuity operations. Per share results reflect the effect of share
repurchases.
Investment income in our P&C operations was down approximately
13% during 2011, in line with our expectations. The continued
runoff and disposition of higher-yielding securities in our non-agency
residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio, as well as generally
lower reinvestment rates, resulted in continued pressure on investment
income in our P&C businesses. The combined ratio of 92% in our Specialty P&C Group during
2011 was four points higher than the previous year. Lower favorable
reserve development, poor results in our program business and lower
profitability in our crop operations were offset somewhat by improved
results in our excess and surplus businesses.
We were pleased to see positive rate momentum in our specialty P&C
operations toward the end of 2011. More than half of our specialty P&C
businesses achieved rate increases during the fourth quarter of 2011, and
for the first time in almost two years, overall renewal rates were up for
the quarter. Although the overall market remains competitive, we are very
pleased to note that several of our quality competitors are also reporting
rate levels that are providing early indicators of an improved pricing
environment.
Gross and net written premiums in our P&C businesses had double digit
increases during the year. These increases were the result of higher
premiums in our Property and Transportation segment, particularly in our
crop and transportation businesses. Growth in net written premiums also
reflects the impact of a third quarter 2010 reinsurance transaction in our
Specialty Financial group.
The Annuity and Supplemental (A&S) Group reported pre-tax operating
earnings of $224 million, an increase of 11% over the prior year. Higher
core operating earnings in 2011 due to growth in our fixed annuity
operations and higher Medicare supplement earnings were offset by higher
mortality in the Company’s run-off life operations, the impact that the
decrease in the stock market had on our variable annuity line of business
and the impact of lower interest rates on our fixed annuity block.
A&S 2011 statutory premiums increased to a record $3.5 billion, primarily
as a result of increased sales of fixed indexed annuities sold by independent
agents and traditional fixed single premium annuities sold through banks.
Both increases are primarily the result of adding new products and agents.
Capital and Liquidity
Capital management remains a priority for us. AFG’s financial condition
is strong, with $785 million in excess capital as of December 31, 2011. We
are positioned to expand our businesses through strategic acquisitions and
organic growth. We are also positioned to make opportunistic purchases
of our shares and to maintain a prudent cushion of capital against the
unexpected.
Our shares traded at a meaningful discount to book value throughout
2011. We viewed that as an opportunity to purchase $315 million of AFG’s
common shares at an average price that was approximately 84% of year-end
book value, an effective means of increasing shareholder value. Our 2012
earnings guidance, discussed later, assumes share repurchases at about the
same level as in 2011.
In addition to buybacks and dividends, we have added or grown businesses
where it made sense to do so. Smaller targeted business acquisitions, adjustments to premium retentions in selected P&C businesses and
premium expansion in our indexed annuity and bank annuity businesses
serve as examples of capital allocation opportunities. We will continue
to evaluate business opportunities that have the potential to produce
desired long-term returns and align well with our businesses.
The capital in our insurance businesses is at levels that exceed, or are
consistent with, amounts required for our rating levels. Holding capital
in excess of current rating levels allows us to operate confidently in
forming business plans and in maintaining the financial strength to
effectively compete in the marketplace. We were pleased that A.M. Best
changed the outlook on several of AFG’s P&C insurance subsidiaries
from “stable” to “positive” in March 2012 and that Moody’s changed the
outlook on AFG’s core insurance subsidiaries from “stable” to “positive”
in October 2011.
Investments
Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of investment
grade securities providing a predictable, steady stream of income.
Our primary investment objective is to optimize total return from a
long-term perspective. In fact, we view our investment management
activities as a core competency. An in-house team of investment
professionals manages our $26 billion investment portfolio and has had
a consistent strategy executed over many years and diverse economic
cycles that has delivered results exceeding comparable indices.
For the five years ended December 31, 2011, we achieved an annualized
total return in our fixed income portfolio that was over 100 basis points
higher than a composite estimate for the insurance industry during
that same time period. These strong returns were primarily driven by
opportunistic purchases of non-agency residential mortgage-backed
securities. These returns significantly surpassed those of other fixed
income indices over that same time period.
After-tax net unrealized gains on marketable securities were $555
million at December 31, 2011. The vast majority of our investment
portfolio is held in fixed maturities, with approximately 89% rated
investment grade and 96% with a designation of NAIC 1 or 2.
During 2011, AFG recorded pre-tax net realized gains of $73 million.
At December 31, 2011, the Company held 3.2 million shares of Verisk
Analytics, our largest equity position, with an unrealized pre-tax gain
of approximately $120 million. We are very pleased with our returns
on this investment as cumulative realized and unrealized gains total
approximately $300 million on a pre-tax basis since Verisk’s initial
public offering in 2009.
Looking Ahead
As we look forward, we remain committed to the core aspects of our
strategic focus that have enabled us to increase shareholder value over
the long run. We expect our 2012 core net operating earnings to be in
the range of $3.30 - $3.70 per share.
Despite continued economic uncertainty, we believe our business
model positions us well to produce solid results that will continue
to outperform the industry. We recognize the importance of
patience, discipline and agility as we navigate through changes in
economic conditions and phases of the overall insurance cycle. We
remain committed to pricing our business in a manner that produces
appropriate returns and allocating capital in a manner that produces
long-term value. As we look for the P&C insurance markets to
harden, we know that we must be positioned to grow our businesses
when and where it makes sense, while resisting the temptation to
grow through inadequate pricing. Our business leaders understand
that this is a delicate balancing act, and recognize the importance of
providing superior service to policyholders and agents. We know the
value in maintaining our high caliber claims team and keeping our
expenses in line with premium volume. The Company’s financial
strength, diversified specialty insurance portfolio, investment core
competency and underwriting and risk management skills provide
a foundation for success. This foundation is also instrumental in
creating long-term shareholder value.
We thank God, our talented management team and employees for a
successful year and for helping us maintain the financial strength that
allows us to best serve our policyholders, agents and brokers over the
long-term horizon. We also thank you, our shareholders, for your
investment and confidence.
We expect our 2012 core net operating earnings to be in the range
of $3.30 - $3.70 per share.
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer
