To Our Shareholders
The past year was an eventful one for American Financial Group. Some of the events had a direct impact on 2003's results; others will influence our operations and financial strength in years to come. We experienced some successes, and a few disappointments. We will strive to build on the former and learn from the latter. One of the highlights of 2003 would have to be the sales of our entire ownership of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation and our direct auto businesses. These sales allow us to refocus our efforts and to establish a firm identity as a specialty commercial insurance company. To help our investors better understand the new business profile, we will generally report the Specialty operations sub-divided into four new business groupings. They are Specialty Property & Transportation, Specialty Casualty, Specialty Financial and California Workers' Compensation. In a November merger with two holding company subsidiaries, AFG issued 3.3 million common shares and retired voting preferred stock, thereby reducing annual dividends by over $4 million. The merger also increased book value by $170 million through elimination of deferred tax liabilities.

Results of Operations
Net earnings for 2003 were $293.8 million or $4.12 per share compared to $84.6 million or $1.22 per share in 2002. Results for 2003 include a large deferred tax benefit and greater realized investment gains. While net earnings increased substantially in 2003, core operating earnings fell short of our goals due primarily to $50 million of charges for an old property claim arbitration decision and the reduction of estimated future profitability of a block of annuities. Core operating earnings from insurance businesses were $155.8 million or $2.22 per share compared to $165.8 million or $2.40 per share in 2002. Profitability was also hampered by significant loss development on claims filed in prior years and by the effects of the low interest rate environment on our fixed annuities business, both of which should have less effect on us in 2004 and beyond. On the bright side, we enjoyed meaningful price increases and a 20% growth in gross written premiums in our Specialty operations. Further, their combined ratio improved to 96% in 2003 from 98.4% in 2002.

Financial Strength and Investment Quality
Our high quality investment portfolio, with over 93% of its bonds rated investment grade, also had pretax unrealized gains at December 31, 2003, totaling $575 million, including $159 million on an investment in Provident Financial Group. Later this year, when Provident is acquired by National City Corporation, we expect to realize that amount plus an additional $40 million to $55 million. In debt offerings completed in 2003 and early 2004, we issued over $500 million in public debt, with the proceeds used to retire higher coupon trust preferred securities, to repay all of our bank borrowings, and to enhance the capital position of operating subsidiaries. We ended 2003 with a debt to total capital ratio of less than 25% compared to over 30% a year earlier. In a period marked by insurance company downgrades, both the property and casualty and the life and annuity groups maintained their financial strength ratings from key ratings agencies, including A.M. Best and Standard and Poor's.

2

2003 Annual Report

Shareholder Value
Shareholders' equity grew over 20% in 2003 to $2.1 billion, due primarily to the effects of the holding company mergers mentioned above. Our book value per share increased nearly 14% from 2002 to 2003 and AFG's stock price recently reached a new three-year high.

2004 and Beyond
We enter 2004 in solid financial condition and with high expectations. We pledge our best efforts to take advantage of the present day market opportunities. We don't control the economy or the stock market; we do, however, control the basic fundamentals of our own business. Those fundamentals are:      sound underwriting, astute risk selection, adequate pricing, quality claims handling, and clear and open communications among our business leaders.

When we do these things consistently, we generate returns that deliver long-term value to our investors. We also ensure that we will have the financial strength necessary to meet the promises we've made to our policyholders. Our new business structure supports our vision as a sharply focused specialty insurance group, one that will consistently achieve underwriting profitability and substantial returns on equity. We appreciate the efforts of our employees, agents, officers and fellow board members. This talented team will continue its hard work to build on the many successes of the past year. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Carl H. Lindner Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Carl H. Lindner III Co-President

S. Craig Lindner Co-President

March 31, 2004

2003 Annual Report

3

