To Our Shareholders
Last year we wrote about our specialized commercial insurance products group and our retirement annuity, supplemental insurance and life products group. We are pleased to report that both groups were profitable and grew in line with our expectations during 2004. Notwithstanding a few surprises, we were able to achieve record results.

Financial Results
Net earnings for 2004 reached a record $359.9 million ($4.81 per share) due in large part to a $134 million gain on the sale of Provident Financial Group shares to National City Corporation. "Core earnings" from insurance operations were $215.4 million ($2.88 per share) in 2004 compared to $155.8 million ($2.22 per share) in 2003. The Property and Casualty Group continued to benefit from prior year rate increases as its ongoing insurance operations generated an underwriting profit in 2004, fully 78% greater than in 2003, despite one of the worst hurricane seasons in history. Rate increases moderated to about 6% in 2004. After three years of strong growth, market conditions have softened and we expect rates to remain relatively flat throughout the rest of this year. At the same time, we expect our underwriting discipline and balance sheet strength will enable us to continue our long tradition of outperforming industry averages. The Annuity, Supplemental Insurance and Life Group reported strong operating earnings, 28% above those of 2003. Despite the continued low interest rate environment, each line of business in this group reported improved results in 2004.

Financial Strength
We ended 2004 with the strongest capital position in our history. Shareholders' equity is at an all time high. Book value per share increased 13% to $29.35. The record earnings along with the sale of common stock enabled us to improve our debt-to-total-capital ratio by 4 percentage points to 31%. We expect to trim another few points, with the ratio settling in below 30%, over the next 18 months. Our financial flexibility is strong as the parent company currently holds in excess of $100 million in cash and has no borrowings under its bank line. Our strong financial performance and balance sheet strength were recognized by the stock market as AFG's stock price rose 18% during the year, more than twice the increase of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index. Despite gradual increases in short-term interest rates in 2004, yield curves have flattened and long-term rates remain near 40-year lows. Consequently, AFG's yield on investments (based on amortized cost) fell to 5.7%. Investment income increased moderately, however, as cash and investments grew 13% to over $15.6 billion. Our investment portfolio, also at its highest quality ever, had a market value $450 million greater than its cost. Over the past 10 years, we have taken over $850 million in gains on sales of investments. We intend to continue to harvest gains opportunistically in the future.

Corporate Governance
Regulatory requirements associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act proved to be one of the more significant challenges of 2004. In response to this legislation, we reviewed, documented and tested a comprehensive set of internal controls. To ensure compliance, we tested all these processes company-wide. As of year-end, AFG was able to claim, and clearly demonstrate to our auditors, an effective system of internal controls.

2

2004 Annual Report

In December of last year, we received a subpoena from the New York Attorney General's office, as did other insurance companies, requesting information about our legal malpractice insurance. We are cooperating fully with this investigation and continue to reconfirm with our employees the importance of maintaining high ethical standards. Our Board of Directors is comprised of a majority of independent directors who are highly qualified, experienced individuals who share our operating philosophy and professional commitment.

Strategic Focus
We are pleased with AFG's strong performance in 2004 and believe that the strategies we have been following have contributed to improvements and profitability in nearly all aspects of our business. Key aspects of our strategic focus include:        improving and refining our diversified mix of specialty products and businesses, maintaining underwriting discipline through adequate pricing and astute risk selection, competing responsibly and ethically in the marketplace, delivering world class claims handling and customer service, identifying and developing future business leaders who will enhance our intellectual capital, capitalizing on our strong investment capabilities, and managing expenses diligently,

all with the purpose of enhancing shareholder value. By focusing on these long-term business goals, we believe we can continue to generate solid financial performance, both in profitability and balance sheet strength. An important part of our strategy is making sure we have people in place to lead our company. As previously announced, Carl H. Lindner, the Company's founder, has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer, although he remains Chairman of the Board. For more than 40 years Carl has provided the insight, energy and leadership that built American Financial Group as a strong, successful business. He has been a leader in the community and has provided opportunities for people in all walks of life. We cherish his legacy of service to others. We look forward to continuing in that tradition in our new roles as co-Chief Executive Officers. In March, Fred J. Runk retired as chief financial officer. We thank Fred for his many years of dedicated service, insight and counsel. Keith Jensen has assumed the responsibilities of chief financial officer.

A Promising Future
We would like to thank the entire AFG team--employees, customers, providers of goods and services--for their efforts in making 2004 one of our most successful years ever. We would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued interest and support. We're positioned well for continued growth and profitability. We look forward to reporting to you again on our progress. The best is yet to come.

Carl H. Lindner III Co-Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2005

S. Craig Lindner Co-Chief Executive Officer

2004 Annual Report

3

