TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
American Financial Group’s outstanding operating performance in 2007
continued the trend of the past several years. AFG has a strong balance sheet
with excellent fi
nancial fl
exibility and liquidity. Due to our strong earnings,
we are generating excess capital to provide us with a variety of investment
and capital management options. We are pleased with our fi
nancial strength
position and are confi
dent with the company’s long-term business and
fi
nancial outlook. As a result, we increased our 2008 common stock
dividend by 25%.
Notwithstanding the volatility of the equity markets and the impact on our
stock price last year, we are pleased with the increase in our shareholder
value over time. The annual compounded growth rate of AFG’s stock price
plus dividends over the past fi
ve years was 15% compared with the S&P 500
growth rate of just under 13% and the S&P Property/Casualty Insurance
Index of 9.5%. Furthermore, the annual compounded growth rate of AFG’s
book value per share, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fi
xed income
securities, was 14% over the past fi
ve years.
We took advantage of the opportunity provided by the decline in our stock
price during the last half of 2007 through open market purchases of 6.9
million shares of AFG Common Stock at an average price of $28.70 per share.
We believe that repurchasing shares opportunistically is an effective use of
our excess capital, which has a favorable effect on our return on equity. AFG is one of the premier specialty insurers in the industry with a
diversifi
ed portfolio of businesses focused on specialty commercial
property and casualty niches, as well as annuities and supplemental
insurance products.
The specialty property and casualty insurance (P&C) operations
have grown and diversifi
ed over the years, entering new niches,
adding to existing ones and making selective acquisitions. Each of
our business units focuses on distinct markets with unique products,
services and distribution. We seek to optimize our signifi
cant
expertise in each of these markets. We have meaningful diversity
and balance in our specialty operations and many of our businesses
have leading market positions. We are pleased with the pricing
adequacy across our businesses and continue to be encouraged by
the stability of our overall rate levels. Many of our businesses are
affected by fl
uctuations within their own specialized markets and are
not subject to overall industry cycles. We believe this enables us to
have greater pricing stability in our specialty operations. AFG is also
a company with relatively low catastrophe volatility, which helps to
reduce earnings fl
uctuations related to unusual catastrophic events. The previously announced acquisitions of Marketform Group Limited,
which includes a Lloyd’s insurer, and Strategic Comp Holdings, LLC,
were completed in the early part of 2008. The Marketform investment
provides an excellent platform for AFG to grow its specialty P&C
business internationally. The Strategic Comp acquisition supports our
objectives of expanding our penetration in the workers’ compensation
market and increasing our domestic geographic coverage.
Our Annuity and Supplemental (A&S) insurance operations have
also grown and diversifi
ed over the years through acquisitions, new
product initiatives and expanded distribution channels. The annuity
business comprises the vast majority of this group and includes
traditional fi
xed, indexed and variable annuities. We remain a leader
in the 403(b) annuity business, serving teachers in the kindergarten
through high school retirement annuity market, a long-standing niche
business for us. In recent years, we’ve experienced strong growth in
our indexed annuity product line. During 2007, we initiated a new
variable annuity product and we will launch an annuity distribution
channel through financial institutions this year. With the acquisition
of the Ceres Group in 2006, we became a major player in the
Medicare supplement market and expanded our distribution network.
We continue to focus on relationship-based distribution, maintaining
financial discipline in our pricing and increasing the returns on
equity of these operations.
In September of 2007, we completed the purchase of the shares
of Great American Financial Resources, Inc. that we did not own,
making it a wholly owned subsidiary of AFG. This acquisition is
accretive to earnings and provides us with expense savings through
the elimination of a public company. In addition, we have further
simplifi
ed our organizational structure. Investment management is a key element of our profi
tability model
and a driver of our book value growth. Our investment portfolio
is managed internally by a very talented group of investment
professionals who have outperformed various market indices over
time and developed a strong expertise in asset-backed securities.
Over this last year, a considerable amount of attention and concern
has been focused on mortgage-backed securities (MBS), in
particular securities with subprime securitizations. Our investment
philosophy with respect to the securities that make up our MBS
portfolio has been very conservative and cushioned us against
signifi
cant market value declines. Our primary investment objective
is to maximize total return from a long-term perspective rather than
focusing on short-term performance. Over the years, our portfolio
has generated solid returns and provided asset growth. In addition,
we have been very successful in buying and selling real estate
and have harvested signifi
cant gains from opportunistic sales.
We believe that we have signifi
cant unrecognized appreciation in
a number of our real estate investments. Over the last ten years,
sales of investments combined with real estate sales have generated
about $820 million of net pre-tax gains for the Company.
Our Strategy
First and foremost, our goal is to increase long-term shareholder value.
We believe that the signifi
cant ownership of AFG's stock by our
management team and employees provides alignment with that goal.
We are committed to the following strategic objectives and believe they
will help us increase shareholder value:
•
We are focused on specialty niche markets within the property and
casualty insurance and annuity and supplemental insurance industries
where we have significant expertise.
•We will pursue appropriate uses of our excess capital, including:
– internal growth opportunities within our existing portfolio of
insurance businesses,
– acquisition and start-up opportunities that meet our specialty
strategy and fi
nancial objectives, focusing on underserved markets
and on opportunities to improve our geographic spread, both
domestically and internationally, achieve economies of scale or
improve market position, and
– opportunistic share repurchases and changes in dividend policy.
•
We remain committed to our strong underwriting culture, pricing
discipline and risk management philosophy and continually monitor
the adequacy of our rates in all markets. We will reduce business
volume in lines as needed to achieve appropriate underwriting results.
•
We will nurture relationship-based distribution networks that will
result in strong and lasting partnerships and contribute to business
retention and continuity.
•Our investment group will focus on achieving returns over the
long term that outperform various market indices while effectively
managing our portfolio risk.
•We will continue to acquire, renovate and develop real estate assets to
increase their market value and evaluate ways to unlock gains from
these real estate assets over time.
•We will continue to identify and develop business leaders who will
enhance the company’s intellectual capital.
Our long-term fi
nancial objectives are to achieve returns on equity
between 12% and 15% and attain compound growth in book value in
excess of 10% per year. We plan to maintain a strong balance sheet and
adequate liquidity that will continue to provide fi
nancial flexibility.
2007 Highlights
AFG’s success in 2007 reflects the continuing execution of our long-
term strategy by our people and our persistent focus on financial
and pricing discipline and profitable growth. Our focus on the
fundamentals — People, Performance and Profit — contributed to
these outstanding 2007 results:
•Record core net operating earnings were 28% higher than
the previous year and generated a return on equity of 16%.
•Book value per share, excluding unrealized gains and losses
on fixed maturities, of $27.06 was up 9%, versus $24.77 at
year-end 2006.
•Record underwriting profit in the specialty P&C operations
was 57% higher than in 2006.
Net earnings were 15% lower than 2006 due to 2007 charges for
strengthening our asbestos and environmental reserves and write-downs in our equity portfolio. The 2006 net earnings benefited
from major gains on real estate sales which did not occur in 2007.
Nevertheless, AFG’s 2007 net earnings generated a return on equity
of 13% and over the last five years it has averaged 14%.
We are very pleased with our performance in 2007 and believe that
the Company is well positioned for continued growth and profi
tability.
At the end of 2007, we announced AFG’s 2008 core net operating
earnings guidance of between $3.75 and $3.95 per share. This
guidance assumes that the specialty P&C operations will generate net
written premium growth in the range of 4% to 7%, generate strong
underwriting profi
t with a combined ratio in the high 80s, and increase
investment income by 2% to 4%. It also assumes higher operating
earnings in our A&S group, which should represent about one-fi
fth of
AFG’s core net operating earnings. These targeted earnings exclude
the potential for signifi
cant catastrophe and crop losses, unforeseen
major adjustments to asbestos and environmental reserves, or large
gains or losses from asset sales.
Our strategy has served us well over the years. Its implementation
is the reason for our excellent results and is a refl
ection of the
contributions of our employees and business partners. In addition,
our people are given incentives that are directly aligned with the
achievement of our fi
nancial and operational objectives. This align-
ment strengthens our ability to hire, train, motivate, and retain the
talent needed to successfully implement our strategy. We believe
that with the right people in place, performance and profit should
follow. We want to thank our employees for their contributions to the
Company’s success.
With the substantial ownership interest in AFG of our family,
manage
ment team and employees, there is clear alignment between
our shareholders’ interests and us. We are all aware of the importance
of increasing long-term shareholder value.
We’d like to express our sincere appreciation to our customers for their
continuing business and of course, to you, our shareholders, for your
investment and support.
LOOKING AHEAD
CARL H. LINDNER III
Co-Chief Executive Offi
cer
S. CRAIG LINDNER
Co-Chief Executive Offi
cer