To Our Shareholders
We are proud of our Company’s specialty insurance expertise and a history that dates back to
1872 with the founding of our flagship insurer, Great American Insurance Company. We are
especially pleased to be one of the few insurers today with vibrant property and casualty (P&C)
insurance and annuity businesses, an attribute that we believe distinguishes us in the marketplace
and enables us to produce consistent, strong financial results from businesses that aren’t closely
correlated to each other, and in some cases, to the overall P&C insurance cycle.
While it takes patience and discipline to build a reputable business franchise, we also recognize
that agility and flexibility enable us to anticipate opportunities and execute, positioning us for
success in this dynamic industry. Our business model facilitates successful strategic shifts over
time, as well as opportunistic responses to market dislocation or developments. We’ve capitalized
on these market changes to further shape our portfolio of businesses, building market-leading
operations and sharpening our focus on serving the markets that we know best. Today, over
60% of our specialty P&C gross written premium is generated from top 10-ranked P&C
businesses. Similarly, our annuity business has been consistently ranked among the top 10 in
sales of fixed annuities.
Our entrepreneurial business model, a culture of empowerment and effective alignment of
incentives with business objectives form a strong foundation for success. We are pleased to share
a few highlights from the year with you.
2015 RESULTS
Net earnings were $352 million or $3.94 per
share for the year. These results reflect strong
core operating earnings in our specialty P&C and
annuity businesses, and include realized gains and
other non-core items. Included in those non-core
items was a loss of $1.21 per share on the sale of
substantially all of AFG’s long-term care insurance
business; the disposition of this business will
generate approximately $100 million in excess
capital for AFG and allow us to focus our efforts on
our core P&C and annuity businesses.
AFG produced record core net operating earnings
per share of $5.44 for the year, an increase of 13%
from the prior year. Strong underwriting profit in
our specialty P&C insurance operations and record
core net operating earnings in our annuity business
drove these outstanding results.
Our portfolio of P&C businesses grew to 32 last
year with the start-up of Great American Insurance
Group’s Singapore Branch and the start-up of our
U.S.-based Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Liability
Division, which complements our Lloyd’s-based
M&A liability underwriting capacity. Despite an
increasingly competitive market, we have also
grown several of our businesses in response to
market opportunities while achieving or exceeding
targeted returns. In other businesses, we preserved
our underwriting profit margins in lieu of growth.
Well-timed execution and disciplined decision
making allowed us to earn after-tax returns on
equity of approximately 14% in our specialty P&C
business and approximately 11% in our annuity
business during 2015. AFG’s adjusted book value per share grew to
$49.33 at the end of 2015. Total value creation,
measured as the change in adjusted book value
per share plus dividends, was $2.60 per share
during 2015. Superior underwriting results,
exceptional investment management capabilities
and intelligent deployment of our capital have
allowed us to achieve compounded growth in
AFG’s adjusted book value plus dividends of
approximately 9.5% over the past five years. Our
balance sheet remains strong, with nearly $50 billion
in assets at December 31, 2015, and a debt to total
capital ratio of 13%.
PROPERTY AND CASUALTY INSURANCE
Results in our Specialty P&C Group were excellent
in 2015. The combined operating ratio of 93.1%
was an improvement of nearly a point from the
previous year. Higher profitability across each of
our Specialty P&C Group sub-segments, higher net
investment income (due primarily to the investment
of cash acquired in the 2014 acquisition of Summit)
and lower net expenses contributed to core pretax
operating earnings in our P&C Segment that were
19% higher year-over-year. We are pleased with the
improved profitability within several of our Property
and Transportation Group businesses, as well as
a return to historical crop profitability in 2015. We
continue to focus on achieving adequate pricing in
several of these businesses. Our Specialty Financial
Group reported superior profitability during 2015,
with all businesses in this group reporting strong performance. Results in our Specialty Casualty
Group were also excellent, with continued strong
profitability in our workers’ compensation and
excess and surplus businesses, which was partially
offset by the impact of the slowdown in the energy
sector and poor results in our international business.
Following several years of disappointing results at
Marketform, our U.K.-based Lloyd’s insurer, we have
made strategic changes to the leadership team
and initiated a comprehensive review of our mix of
business and underwriting appetite, with the goal of
returning this business to profitability.
Over half of our specialty P&C businesses achieved
pricing increases during 2015, with an average
overall renewal rate increase of approximately 1%
for the year. Excluding the impact of rate declines
in our workers’ compensation businesses, overall
renewal rates increased by approximately 2%.
Loss cost trends remained relatively benign, due
in part to the low inflation environment. We are
pleased that we were able to secure rate increases
in the businesses where we need them the most,
particularly in several businesses within our Property
and Transportation Group.
We reported growth in net written premiums in most
of our specialty P&C businesses during 2015. Net
written premiums increased 8% during the year, with
our Specialty Financial and Specialty Casualty Groups
producing double-digit growth.
ANNUITIES
It was a record year for our Annuity Segment in
2015. Considering the persistently low interest rate
environment and market fluctuations throughout the
year, we were especially pleased to achieve these
excellent results. Core pretax operating earnings
were a record $331 million in 2015. Interest rate
and stock market fluctuations have an impact on
the accounting for fixed-indexed annuities; these
accounting adjustments are recognized through
AFG’s reported core earnings. Although average
annuity assets grew by 12% year-over-year,
the benefit of this growth and the impact that
fluctuations in interest rates had on the fair value
accounting for fixed-indexed annuities were offset by
the negative impact that the stock market decrease
had on certain annuity reserves (compared to a stock
market increase in 2014) and the run-off of higher
yielding investments.
Statutory annuity premiums were $4.1 billion in
2015, the highest level of annuity premiums in
the Company’s history. As a result of a consistent
pattern of strong sales over the past three years,
particularly from sales of single premium annuities
through financial institutions, AFG’s fixed annuity
reserves have grown from less than $18 billion at the
end of 2012 to nearly $27 billion at year-end 2015.
With a focus on sales of fixed and fixed-indexed
annuities, our annuity business has achieved an 18%
compounded annual growth rate in assets since
our acquisition of Great American Life Insurance
Company in 1973.
INVESTMENTS
We view investment management as a core
competency and have a highly skilled in-house
team of investment professionals managing our
investment portfolio. The professionals who manage
our $38 billion investment portfolio have followed a
consistent strategy over many years and changing
economic conditions, and have outperformed market
indices while effectively managing portfolio risk.
Our portfolio consists primarily of investment grade
securities that provide a relatively predictable,
steady stream of income. For the eight years
ended December 31, 2015, a time period that
captures the beginning of the global financial
crisis, our fixed income portfolio outperformed the
insurance industry by an estimated 1.5% per year, or
approximately $2 billion. Opportunistic purchases
of non-agency residential mortgage-backed
securities were the primary driver of these returns,
which significantly surpassed those of other fixed
income indices over the same time period. In
addition, our equity portfolio achieved a total return
of approximately 14% per year, outperforming the or approximately $200 million during the same
time period.
Although our investment in real estate comprises
approximately 1% of our overall portfolio, AFG has
a track record of success in buying under-performing
or out-of-favor properties, improving them and
selling them when they reach an attractive value.
During 2015, sales of a hotel and an apartment
property generated after-tax gains of $36 million,
or $0.40 per share in non-core earnings for AFG.
CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS
We believe that the considerable ownership of
AFG’s stock by our management team and
employees aligns our interests with those of our
public shareholders.
Intelligent deployment of our Company’s capital is
a top priority, and we strive to find the highest and
best use of capital to create long-term value for our
shareholders. We will do this through a combination
of dividends, opportunistic share repurchases acquisitions and/or the addition of bolt-on or
start-up businesses. We also look to grow our
business organically when there is dislocation in
the market or other opportunities that align with
our existing businesses.
AFG’s financial condition is strong, with $950 million
in excess capital (including cash at the parent
company of approximately $190 million) as of
December 31, 2015. The capital in our insurance
businesses exceeds, or is consistent with, amounts
required for our ratings levels. Holding capital
in excess of current ratings levels allows us to
operate confidently in forming business plans while
maintaining the financial strength to effectively
compete in the marketplace. We will maintain
financial leverage and capital adequacy at levels that
are prudent for our business, and consistent with our
commitments to ratings agencies, while maintaining
a sufficient level of liquidity to respond to business
needs and opportunities.
Our business model enables us to allocate capital
to businesses with the greatest return potential,
and scale back growth when we are unable to
reach targeted returns. We will continue to evaluate
business opportunities that have the potential to
produce desired long-term returns. Alignment with our existing businesses and cultural fit are other
considerations when we evaluate opportunities
to expand our specialty insurance portfolio.
We returned approximately $300 million to
shareholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases during 2015, and repurchased an
additional $65 million of AFG shares during 2016
through February 1. On a market value basis, the
compounded annual growth rate of AFG’s Common
Stock plus dividends for the five-year period ended
December 31, 2015 was approximately 21%, far
exceeding comparable indices. These measures
serve as benchmarks as we evaluate our
effectiveness in value creation.
During 2015, we announced a 12% increase in
AFG’s regular quarterly dividend to an annual rate
of $1.12 per share. This marks the 10th consecutive
annual dividend increase for the Company. In
addition, we paid a special dividend of $1.00 per
share in December 2015. The five-year compounded
annual growth in dividends paid to our shareholders
was approximately 12%, excluding special dividends.
Dividend payments and share repurchases have
enabled us to return nearly $1.8 billion to our
shareholders over the past five years.
LOOKING AHEAD
We are proud of our culture and the success we have
enjoyed as an industry-leading specialty insurance
company. Our business model rewards discipline and
agility in managing our operations through changing business and economic environments, including
phases of the overall insurance cycle, the interest
rate environment and the stock market. Superior
underwriting, investing and capital management
have allowed us to outperform industry averages and our peers. Our business leaders understand
the importance of providing superior service
to policyholders and agents, and the value in
maintaining our track record of financial strength.
Consistent, strong financial performance and the
ability to earn healthy returns on equity will lead
to growth in book value and sustained financial
flexibility. We believe our business model positions
us well to outperform the industry, identify
opportunities and execute when we see ways to
profitably grow our specialty businesses.
We thank God, our talented management team
and our employees for a successful year and for
helping us become a company that others want to
work for, do business with and invest in. We also
thank you, our shareholders, for your investment
and confidence.
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer

