To Our Shareholders
2010 was a good year for American Financial Group (“AFG”). Although
economic uncertainty continues and the labor market slowly heals, our teams
of insurance specialists have successfully managed their operations with the
discipline and the expertise that serve as the foundation of our business model.
The segmentation of our business and our specialization strategy have been
instrumental in allowing us to identify and act upon opportunities and to scale
business growth at a healthy and profitable level. As a result, AFG produced
strong growth in book value per share and returned over $350 million in
capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends during 2010.
Capital management remains a priority for us. AFG’s financial condition
is strong, with $850 million in excess capital and financial leverage of less
than 20%. We are positioned to expand our businesses through strategic
acquisitions and organic growth. We are also positioned to make opportunistic
purchases of our shares and to maintain a prudent cushion against the
unexpected.
During the past year, we have added or grown specialty businesses where
it made sense to do so. Examples include the acquisition of the Vanliner
Insurance Group in the third quarter of 2010 by our 52%-owned subsidiary,
National Interstate, higher retentions of profitable business in our crop and
executive liability operations, and premium expansion in our annuity business
through bank channels. In addition to these strategic business opportunities,
we purchased about $300 million of our own shares at an average price that
was approximately 80% of year-end tangible book value. This was an effective
means of increasing shareholder value. We expect to continue to generate
excess capital during 2011. We will evaluate business opportunities that have
the potential to produce desired long-term returns and align well with our
specialty insurance businesses. In addition, our earnings guidance assumes
share repurchases at about the same level as in the past year We’re proud of our track record of book value growth. Since the end of 2005
and through the latest economic cycle, we’ve achieved growth of 80% in AFG’s
book value per share, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturity
investments. Additionally, over this same period, the annual compounded
growth rate of AFG’s common stock plus dividends was approximately 7%
compared to a decline of 3% in the S&P Property and Casualty Insurance Index
and growth of only 2% in the S&P 500 Index.
Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder value. We believe
that the considerable ownership of AFG’s stock by our management team and
employees aligns our interests with those of our public shareholders. During
the past year:
• AFG’s book value per share, excluding appropriated retained earnings
and unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturity investments,
increased to $37.54. This represents an increase of 14% over the end of
2009.
• We repurchased 10.3 million shares of AFG Common Stock at an
average price of $28.46 per share. We believe that repurchasing shares
below book value is an effective use of our excess capital, producing a
favorable effect on our earnings per share and book value per share.
• We announced an increase in AFG’s annual dividend to $0.65 per
share, first paid in October of 2010. This was the sixth consecutive
annual dividend increase for the Company. Five year compounded
growth in dividends paid to our shareholders is approximately 12%.
This underscores the confidence of the Board and management in the
Company’s business and long-term financial outlook.
AFG’s 2010 net earnings generated a core operating return on equity of 11%,
and over the last five years it has averaged 14%.
Capital and Liquidity
The capital in our insurance businesses is at levels that support our operations
and is consistent with amounts required for our rating levels. In August 2010,
we renewed our $500 million bank line and in September we completed an
offering of $132 million of 7% Senior Notes due in 2050. These transactions
provided us with a reliable source of liquidity as well as reasonably priced long-
term funding.
We were pleased that Standard & Poor’s raised its financial strength ratings
for AFG’s core insurance subsidiaries from an ‘A’ to an ‘A+’ in October 2010. We
believe this action reflects the strong operating performance of our businesses
and our solid capital adequacy and appropriate financial leverage.
Our Business Model
AFG is a premier specialty insurer, focused on niche specialty commercial
property and casualty markets and on the sale of annuities and supplemental
insurance products for targeted customer groups. Our business model is
focused on those markets where we can offer our policyholders valuable
expertise, capable distribution relationships and excellent policyholder service.
The following aspects of our strategic focus will help us increase shareholder
value over the long run:
• Operate in specialty niches where we have significant expertise.
• Improve the position of existing specialty operations through strategic
acquisitions and organic growth of new products or services that
leverage our expertise. Maintain our strong underwriting culture
through astute risk selection and pricing discipline which will preserve
pricing integrity and adequate underwriting profits. We will reduce
business volume in select lines, if needed, to achieve appropriate returns.
• Maintain strong risk management practices through appropriate
reinsurance arrangements and minimize exposure to catastrophe risks.
• Maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy that are prudent
for our business and are consistent with our commitments to rating
agencies.
• Nurture relationship-based distribution networks that result in vibrant,
mutually beneficial partnerships and contribute to business retention
and continuity.
• Focus on achieving investment returns over the long-term that
outperform market indices while effectively managing our portfolio risk.
• Identify, develop and appropriately reward business leaders who will
enhance the Company’s intellectual capital.
• Enhance our technology capability to make our businesses more
efficient and enhance the services we provide to our policyholders.
Our long-term financial objectives are to achieve returns on equity in excess
of 12%, grow book value at a similar rate, and maintain a strong balance sheet
and adequate liquidity to provide financial flexibility.
2010 Results
Net income was $479 million, or $4.33 per share for the year, and included
after-tax realized gains of $46 million, or $0.41 per share. Our 2010 core net
operating earnings of $3.92 per share decreased 7% from the record results we
reported in 2009. Improved results in our Annuity and Supplemental (A&S)
operations were more than offset by lower Property and Casualty (P&C)
underwriting profits and lower P&C investment income.
P&C investment income was down approximately 19% primarily as the
result of the run-off of our residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio
and generally lower reinvestment rates. Our insurance operations are faced
with some of the most competitive market conditions we can recall. These
conditions, coupled with decreased commercial demand as a result of a
depressed economy, create an environment where disciplined underwriting is
more important than ever.
The combined ratio of 88% in our P&C group during 2010 was six points higher
than the previous year. Lower favorable reserve development, particularly
in our run-off automobile residual value insurance (RVI) operations, strong
results in our crop insurance operations (albeit at lower levels than our
record 2009 results) and higher catastrophe losses, primarily from storms in
the Midwestern United States, contributed to these results. We are pleased
that almost all of our P&C business units produced profitable underwriting
margins and adequate returns.
Additionally, we are satisfied that overall pricing in our specialty P&C
operations remained flat for 2010. Competitive pressures and lower 2010 spring
agricultural commodity prices contributed to lower gross written premiums,
which were offset by additional premiums from the Vanliner acquisition,
premium growth from our non-U.S. based lines offered through Marketform
and higher fall agricultural commodity prices. Net written premiums for the
full year increased primarily as a result of a return to historically lower levels of
cessions under our crop quota share agreement.
The A&S Group’s 2010 statutory premiums increased to a record $2.7 billion,
primarily as a result of increased sales of single premium annuities through
our bank channels as well as higher sales of single premium indexed annuities.
This growth, coupled with improved spreads in our fixed annuity businesses,
contributed to pre-tax operating earnings of $196 million, an increase of 21%
over the prior year.
Investments
Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of investment grade securities
providing a predictable, steady stream of income. Our primary investment
objective is to maximize total return from a long-term perspective. In fact, we
view our investment management activities as a core competency. An in-house
team of investment professionals manages our $23 billion investment portfolio
and has had a consistent strategy executed over many years and diverse
economic cycles that has delivered results exceeding comparable indices.
For the three years ended December 31, 2010, we achieved an annualized total
return in our fixed income portfolio that was approximately 200 basis points
higher than a composite estimate for the insurance industry during that same
time period. These excess returns were driven by opportunistic purchases of
non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities. This portfolio achieved an
annual return of 15% over this period. These returns significantly surpassed
those of other fixed income indices over that same time period. Importantly,
96% of this portfolio was rated NAIC 1 at December 31, 2010.
At the end of 2010, the unrealized gain on AFG’s investments, net of tax and net
of deferred acquisition costs, was $475 million, an improvement of more than
$300 million during the year, reflecting market trends as well as the quality of
our portfolio and prudent investment management.
During 2010, AFG recorded realized gains of $0.41 per share, which included
$0.15 per share on the sale of a portion of our holdings in Verisk Analytics
during the third quarter. We are very pleased with our returns on this
investment, which had a carrying value of approximately $185 million (on a
cost basis of approximately $24 million) at December 31, 2010.
Looking Ahead
As we look towards 2011, we remain committed to the core aspects of our
strategic focus that have enabled us to increase shareholder value over the
long run. We expect our 2011 core net operating earnings to be in the range of
$3.30 - $3.70 per share. This guidance is lower than our 2010 results due to the
level of favorable reserve development recorded in 2010 (especially in our run-
off RVI business) and expected lower accident year underwriting profits and
lower investment income in our P&C operations during 2011. Higher operating
earnings in our A&S insurance operations and the impact of continued share
repurchases are expected to offset these declines somewhat.
Despite continued economic uncertainty, we believe that our business model
positions us well to produce solid results that can continue to outperform
the industry. We recognize the importance of patience and discipline as we
navigate through every phase of the cycle. We remain committed to pricing our
business in a manner that produces appropriate returns. Therefore, we know
that we must be positioned to grow our businesses when and where it makes
sense, while resisting the temptation to grow through inadequate pricing.
To do this well is a delicate balancing act, as we recognize the importance
of providing high caliber service to policyholders and agents, maintaining a
world-class claims team and keeping expenses in line with premium volume.
The Company’s financial strength, diversified business model and investing,
underwriting and risk management skills provide a foundation for success.
This foundation is also instrumental in creating long-term shareholder value.
We thank God for His abundant blessings. With the help of a very talented
management team and our dedicated employees, we have achieved the
financial strength which allows us to make plans for our organization that best
serve our policyholders, agents and brokers over the long-term. We thank them
and you, our shareholders, for your investment and confidence.
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer




