To Our Shareholders
We see tremendous value in our diversified specialty niche
insurance business and are proud of the expertise and passion
that our insurance professionals bring to their roles each day.
Our entrepreneurial business model rewards business leaders
for disciplined decision making and pricing, while providing the
resources that facilitate a nimble and opportunistic response to
business opportunities. Our strong results in 2013 are a testament
to the success of our model, our commitment to maintaining
financial strength and our focus on creating long-term value for our
shareholders. In fact, in February of 2014, A.M. Best upgraded the
financial strength ratings of our Great American pooled companies
from “A” (Excellent) to “A+” (Superior). We are proud that we have
held an A.M. Best rating of “A” (Excellent) or better since 1908.
Our business has experienced broad-based growth over the past
year. We have grown in response to market opportunities while
achieving or exceeding targeted returns. We are proud of our
track record in achieving industry-leading operating results. Over
the past few years, we have played on our strengths as a specialty
insurer by adding niche businesses and exiting non-core businesses.
We have leveraged our technology and our data to improve the
quality of our decision making and most importantly, we have
invested in our people and leadership development at all levels.
Our continued focus on underwriting and pricing discipline in our
Specialty property and casualty (P&C) operations, achieving strong
returns on new business in our Annuity segment, creating value
through superior investment execution and effective use of our
excess capital has helped us to achieve compounded annual growth
in AFG’s adjusted book value of approximately 12% over the past
five years.
2013 RESULTS
Net earnings were $471 million or a record $5.16 per share for
the year. These results reflect strong core earnings in our Specialty
P&C and annuity operations, and include realized gains and other
non-core items. Core net operating earnings per share were
$4.22 for the year, an increase of 29% from the prior year.
Record earnings in our Annuity segment and higher underwriting
profit in our Specialty P&C insurance operations drove these
improved results.
Our balance sheet remains strong, with over $42 billion in assets at
December 31, 2013, and a debt to capital ratio of 17.6%.
We have grown our business in response to market opportunities while
achieving or exceeding targeted returns.
Specialty P&C Group
The combined ratio of 93.5% in our Specialty P&C Group
during 2013 was about two points better than the previous year,
reflecting improved accident year underwriting results and lower
catastrophe losses.
We were pleased to see a 4% increase in renewal pricing in our
P&C business during the year, with most of our businesses achieving
rate increases during 2013. Although we experienced some pricing
deceleration toward the end of the year, we continue to see
opportunities for rate strengthening in 2014. Our overall pricing
remained above loss cost trends, which were relatively benign,
due in part to the low inflation environment. Staying ahead of loss
costs has provided additional opportunity for underlying margin
improvement.
Specialty P&C net written premiums were up 13% in 2013. While
each of our Specialty P&C groups reported growth, double-digit
growth in our Specialty casualty group was the primary driver
of the higher premiums. We were successful in acting on market
opportunities to organically grow several of our casualty lines of
business, particularly as certain markets have enjoyed rate increases.
Our portfolio of Specialty P&C businesses continues to grow. In
April of 2013, we announced the start-up of our Professional
Liability Division, our 28th Specialty P&C business unit. This
new P&C niche will expand our product offerings and serve new
markets. In January of 2014, we announced that we had reached an
agreement to acquire Summit Southeast Holding, Inc. (“Summit”)
from Liberty Mutual Insurance. Summit is a leading specialist
workers’ compensation provider in the southeastern United States.
This business will complement our existing workers’ compensation
offerings through our Republic Indemnity and Strategic Comp
business units. Additionally, in March of 2014, we announced
the launch of our Aviation Division, a niche player in the aviation
insurance market for difficult to place risks, or risks that require
a tailored approach. These new additions bring our Specialty P&C
businesses to a total of 30. We are always looking for opportunities
to expand our Specialty P&C niche businesses through start-ups,
bolt-ons, or acquisitions.
Annuity Segment
Our Annuity segment produced record core operating earnings for
the sixth consecutive year in 2013, an increase of 28% from the
prior year. Average annuity assets and reserves grew by 15% and
14%, respectively, year over year. This growth, coupled with the
positive impact that higher interest rates and strong stock market
performance in 2013 had on our fixed-indexed annuity business,
drove these record results.
With a focus on sales of fixed and fixed-indexed annuities, our
Annuity segment has achieved an 18% compounded annual growth
rate in assets since its acquisition in 1973, and is earning strong
returns on new business.
Fixed annuity statutory premiums were a record $4 billion in 2013,
up 35% from the prior year. As a result of a consistent pattern of
strong sales over the past three years, particularly from sales of single
premium annuities through financial institutions, AFG’s fixed annuity
reserves have grown from $11 billion at the beginning of 2009 to
over $20 billion at year end 2013.
Investments
Our focus remains on achieving investment returns over the long
term that outperform market indices while effectively managing our
portfolio risk. In fact, we view our investment management activities
as a core competency. An in-house team of investment professionals
manages our $31 billion investment portfolio and has executed a
consistent strategy over many years and diverse economic cycles,
delivering results exceeding industry benchmarks. Our investment
portfolio is primarily comprised of investment grade securities
providing a predictable, steady stream of income.
For the six years ended December 31, 2013, a time period that
captures the beginning of the global financial crisis, our fixed income
portfolio outperformed the insurance industry by an estimated 150
basis points per annum, creating approximately $1.8 billion in total
return outperformance. Opportunistic purchases of non-agency
residential mortgage-backed securities were the primary driver
of these returns, which significantly surpassed those of other fixed
income indices over the same time period. In addition, during the
same time period, our equity portfolio achieved a total return of
approximately 19% per annum, outperforming the S&P 500 Index
by over 12% per annum, creating an additional $300 million in total
return outperformance.
This graph assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2008 in AFG’s
common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Property &
Casualty Insurance Index, including reinvestment of dividends.
AFG Common Stock
S&P 500 Index
S&P 500 Property & Casualty Insurance Index
During 2013, AFG recorded pretax net realized gains on
securities of $221 million, including $49 million resulting from
sales of a portion of our remaining interest in Verisk Analytics. At
December 31, 2013, the Company held 186,000 shares of Verisk
Analytics, with an unrealized pretax gain of approximately
$12 million. We are very pleased with our returns on this
investment as cumulative realized and unrealized gains total
approximately $330 million.
A COMMITMENT TO CREATING LONG-TERM
VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS
We believe that the considerable ownership of AFG’s stock by our
management team and employees aligns our interests with those of
our public shareholders. Return on equity for 2013 was 12%, and
over the last five years, it has averaged 12%. AFG’s adjusted book
value per share grew to $45.90 per share at the end of 2013, an
8% increase over the prior year. Total value creation, measured as
the change in book value plus dividends, was $5.19 per share, or
12%, for the year.
On a market value basis, the compounded annual growth rate
of AFG’s common stock plus dividends for the five-year period
ended December 31, 2013, was approximately 23%, compared
to approximately 16% in the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) Property
& Casualty Insurance Index and 18% in the S&P 500 Index. These
measures serve as benchmarks as we evaluate our effectiveness in
value creation.
During 2013, we announced a 13% increase in AFG’s regular
quarterly dividend to an annual rate of $0.88 per share. This
marks the eighth consecutive annual dividend increase for the
Company. In addition, we paid a special dividend of $1.00 per
share in December of 2013. The five-year compounded annual
growth in dividends paid to our shareholders is approximately
10%, excluding special dividends. Dividend payments and share
repurchases have enabled us to return over $1.6 billion to our
shareholders over the past five years.
CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY
Capital management remains a priority for us. AFG’s financial
condition is strong, with $1 billion in excess capital (including
cash at the parent company of approximately $525 million) as of
December 31, 2013. AFG will invest approximately $400 million
of its capital in the acquisition of Summit early in the second
quarter of 2014. The capital in our insurance businesses is at levels that exceed, or
are consistent with, amounts required for our rating levels. Holding
capital in excess of current rating levels allows us to operate
confidently in forming business plans and in maintaining the financial
strength to effectively compete in the marketplace.
We are committed to deploying our capital in a manner that creates
long-term shareholder value. We will invest capital in businesses
that have potential for healthy, profitable organic growth, and for
opportunities to expand our specialty niche businesses through
acquisitions and start-ups that meet our target return thresholds.
The growth in our fixed annuity business and double-digit growth
in selected Specialty P&C lines during 2013 serve as good examples
of organic growth opportunities. The start-up of our Professional
Liability Division in early 2013 has complemented our other errors
and omissions coverage offerings and extends our reach into smaller
accounts and also into new insurance class offerings. We will continue
to evaluate business opportunities that have the potential to produce
desired long-term returns and align well with our existing businesses.
We will also continue to return excess capital to shareholders
through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. We will
maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy at levels that are
prudent for our business and consistent with our commitments to
rating agencies while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity to
respond to business needs and opportunities.
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
As a premier specialty insurer, our business model is focused on
offering products and services where we have niche expertise,
capable distribution relationships and where we know we can deliver
excellent policyholder service. Integral to the success of our model is
an incentive-based compensation program, which helps us to ensure
effective alignment of performance to strategic objectives. This
model, coupled with a robust talent management program, allows us
to identify, develop and appropriately reward business leaders who
will enhance the Company’s intellectual capital.
We know that sustained performance and financial strength will
lead to growth in book value and increased shareholder value over
the long run. We believe this model will allow us to achieve our
long-term financial objectives to achieve double-digit returns on
equity, grow book value annually at double-digit rates, and
maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate liquidity to provide
financial flexibility.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we look forward, we remain committed to the core aspects of
our strategic focus that have enabled us to increase shareholder
value over the long run. We expect our 2014 core net operating
earnings to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.90 per share.
Superior underwriting, investing and capital management have
allowed us to outperform industry averages and our peers. Our
business model rewards discipline and agility for managing our
business through changing economic environments including
phases of the overall insurance cycle, the interest rate environment
and the stock market. Our leaders understand the importance of
providing superior service to policyholders and agents and the
value in maintaining our track record of financial strength.
We believe our business model positions us well to produce solid
results that will continue to outperform the industry, and to
identify opportunities and execute when we see ways to profitably
grow our specialty businesses. We are proud of our Company’s
specialty insurance expertise and a history that dates back to
1872 with the founding of our flagship insurer, Great American
Insurance Company.
We thank God, our talented management team and our employees
for a successful year and for helping us maintain the financial
strength that allows us to best serve our policyholders, agents and
brokers. We also thank you, our shareholders, for your investment
and confidence.
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer
