TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2006 was a record year for American Financial Group. Our outstanding results
reflect the continuing execution of our long-term strategy and persistent focuson financial and pricing discipline and profi
table growth, coupled with our
investment expertise. These have contributed to the consistent improvement
in our operating performance over the past several years. AFG ended 2006 in
the strongest financial condition in its history. We shared this success with our
shareholders through an increase in the common stock dividend. Th
is action plus our three-for-two stock split, effective in December of 2006, reflect our
confidence in the Company’s long-term business and fi
nancial outlook.
We are pleased with our growth in shareholder value and the market’s recognition
of the Company’s achievements. AFG’s stock price plus dividends appreciated
43% in 2006 and over the past four years, its annual compounded growth rate
was 25% compared with the S&P 500 growth rate of 15%. WHO WE ARE
We consider AFG to be a premier specialty insurer with a diversified portfolio of
businesses focused on commercial property and casualty niches, annuities and
supplemental insurance products. The focus of each of our business units is to serve a
particular marketplace with its own unique products and services. Our entrepreneurial
culture allows operating management to optimize their areas of expertise and the
flexibility to develop and implement individual strategies. Accordingly, each operation
is held accountable for its results with compensation incentives aligned with specific
profitability goals. Furthermore, as part of our incentive program, there is no benefit for
volume growth unless that growth meets profit objectives. We want healthy premium
growth but we are committed to walk away from business if the pricing is not right.
Today, we have a healthy diversity in our property and casualty insurance operations
and most of our businesses have solid market positions. We have grown and diversified
over the years as we entered new niches, added to existing ones and made selective
acquisitions. Many of our businesses are affected by fluctuations within their own
specialized markets and are not subject to the overall industry cycle. We believe this has
contributed to relatively stable average rate levels for our specialty operations during the
past couple of years. We are pleased with the pricing adequacy across our businesses.
We have also been positioning ourselves for a number of years as a company with
lower catastrophe exposures in order to reduce earnings volatility related to unusual
catastrophic events. This is demonstrated by our low hurricane losses in 2004 and
2005 relative to the industry, and our decision in the early part of 2006 to exit our
earthquake-exposed excess property business.
Over the past several years, our annuity and supplemental insurance businesses,
managed by Great American Financial Resources, Inc. (“GAFRI”), have benefited from
opportunistic acquisitions, introduction of new products and expanded distribution.
Significant technology and expense reduction initiatives were also implemented. We
acquired several blocks of business over the past few years at low incremental costs,
leveraging our streamlined infrastructure and technology platform. In 2005, we
reentered the fixed indexed annuity market, which has made a significant contribution
to our growth. Last year, the strategic acquisition of the Ceres Group made us a major
player in the Medicare supplement market and expanded our distribution network. We
have continued to update our traditional fixed annuity offerings to meet the needs of
our targeted K-12 teachers’ market, as well as attract quality agents. Th
rough adherence to our pricing discipline, we have been able to continue to issue annuities that meet
our return expectations. In February of 2007, we announced a proposal to have GAFRI
engage in a merger transaction that would increase AFG’s ownership of GAFRI’s
common stock to 100%. The transaction allows us to use our excess capital to increase
our ownership of a specialty-focused business that we know well and is expected to
enhance AFG’s return on equity. Investment management is one of our core competencies. Our investment portfolio
is managed by internal investment professionals who have generated returns that have
consistently outperformed various market indices. In addition, we have been very
successful in buying and selling real estate and have harvested signifi
cant gains from opportunistic sales. This demonstrates the considerable unrecognized appreciation in a
number of these properties. Over the last ten years, sales of securities combined with real
estate sales have generated nearly $1 billion of pre-tax realized gains for the Company.
2006 HIGHLIGHTS
2006 was another extremely successful year for AFG. Our continuing focus on
the fundamentals — People, Performance and Profit — helped us achieve results
throughout the year that exceeded our expectations. We are very proud of these
financial accomplishments:
• Record net earnings were $3.75 per share, more than double the
amount in 2005.
• Record core net operating earnings of $3.14 per share were 26%
higher than the previous year.
• Book value per share, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed
maturities, of $24.77 was up 19%, versus $20.85 at year-end 2005.
While the mild hurricane season helped us, the record underwriting profit of our
Specialty P&C Group was driven by excellent results in most of our businesses. The
2006 underwriting profit for the specialty operations was 55% higher than in 2005,
reflecting the impact of premium growth, rate adequacy in most of our businesses and
favorable reserve development. We were pleased with the growth in our premium levels
even in the softer commercial P&C insurance market, resulting primarily from targeted
growth within the Property and Transportation group. The multi-peril crop business of
Farmers Crop Insurance Alliance, acquired in 2005, was successfully merged into our
existing crop operations and was a signifi
cant contributor to our premium growth and
underwriting profitability in 2006. The Annuity and Supplemental Insurance Group continued to grow and diversify its
business during 2006. Th
is group’s core net operating earnings were 24% higher than
in 2005. This increase reflects improvements in the fixed annuity operations, higher
earnings in the runoff life operations, earnings from the Ceres acquisition, plus earnings
on the proceeds received in connection with the sale of a Puerto Rican subsidiary.
Although the interest rate environment has been a challenge in our annuity business,
the discipline with which we manage our business continues to produce positive results
for us. Our supplemental insurance operations experienced an earnings decline in the
first half of 2006. The integration of Ceres has proceeded well and we have been pleased
with the performance of these operations. Our other acquisitions of blocks of business
have continued to meet or exceed our expectations and demonstrate our position as a
profitable, low cost, high service provider in our specific markets. We achieved record
levels of premiums and have continued to introduce new products in order to address
the needs of our distribution partners and their customers.
Investment income for 2006 was up 9% compared to 2005 due to higher yields and
higher invested assets. Consistent with our strategy to make opportunistic sales of real
estate assets, we sold Chatham Bars Inn on Cape Cod and selected New York real estate
assets in 2006, generating gains that actually exceeded the values we had anticipated.
STRATEGIC FOCUS
Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder value by using our strong
balance sheet and excess capital to intelligently expand our business. We have outlined
important aspects of our strategy that we believe will be drivers for the future and
allow us to achieve that goal:
• Our operational focus on specialty niche markets within the property
and casualty insurance, annuity and supplemental insurance industries
will continue.
• We will pursue internal growth opportunities within our existing portfolio
of insurance businesses.
• We will seek acquisition and start-up opportunities that meet our specialty
strategy and financial objectives. We will look for underserved markets and
opportunities to improve our geographic spread, achieve economies of scale
or improve market position.
• We remain committed to our strong underwriting culture, pricing discipline
and risk management philosophy. Th
ese are important factors to our success
in producing strong underwriting results and outperforming the industry
which we have done over a long period of time.
• We will nurture relationship-based distribution networks that will result
in strong and lasting partnerships and contribute to business retention
and continuity.
• Our investment group will focus on continuing to achieve returns that
outperform various market indices. We will consider opportunities that
allow us to eff
ectively apply this investment competency.
• We will continue to acquire, renovate and develop real estate assets to
increase their market value and evaluate ways to unlock gains from these
real estate assets over time.
Our long-term objectives are to achieve returns on equity between 12% and 15%
and double-digit growth in book value. We
plan to maintain
a strong balance sheet
and adequate liquidity that will continue to provide financial flexibility.
LOOKING AHEAD
We are enthusiastic about the upcoming year. At the end of 2006, we announced that
we are targeting AFG’s 2007 core net operating earnings to be between $3.23 and
$3.43 per share. Th
ese projected results assume that the P&C specialty operations will
generate net written premium growth in the range of 4% to 7% while maintaining
a stable combined ratio, and a 4% to 6% increase in its investment income. We
expect modest improvement in the core net operating earnings of our annuity and
supplemental insurance group which should represent about 16% of AFG’s core net
operating earnings. Th
e high end of AFG’s earnings range assumes that some excess
capital will be put to work prudently to expand our businesses profi
tably. These targeted earnings exclude the potential for signifi
cant catastrophe and crop losses,
adjustments to asbestos and environmental reserves, and large real estate gains.
Our family, management team and employees have a substantial ownership interest
in AFG and clear alignment with our shareholders’ interests. We are all aware of the
importance of increasing long-term shareholder value and believe that can be accom-plished with continued execution of our business strategy. We remain committed to
our core values, including integrity and customer focus. Our success is a reflection of
the efforts of our dedicated employees and business partners and we want to thank
them for their contributions to the Company’s success. With the right People in place,
we believe Performance and Profit will follow.
We’d like to thank our customers for their continuing business and of course, you,
our shareholders, for your investment and support.
S. CRAIG LINDNER CARL H. LINDNER III
Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Chief Executive Officer