Success in our business can be measured in various ways; however, creation of long-term value
for our shareholders is the key metric we use in evaluating our effectiveness. After all, if our focus
is on value creation over time, the underlying fundamentals of our business must position us to
produce profitable results year after year. Our portfolio of diversified specialty niche insurance
businesses is part of a larger entrepreneurial model that rewards business leaders for disciplined
decision making and pricing, while providing the resources that facilitate a nimble response to
new business opportunities.
We believe that the mix of our businesses is essential to helping us achieve consistency in our
results. When some of our businesses are performing at their peak, those results can offset the
impact of other businesses that are not. It is a science to understand risks in order to design
and price insurance solutions; but it is an art to build an effective business culture based on
specialization, integrity and accountability. Getting both the science and the art right – time and
time again – has helped us earn the respect of our policyholders and agents, build a strong brand
and establish a reputation as an industry leader in many of the niche markets we serve.
As a premier specialty insurer, we focus on offering products and services where we have
expertise and strong distribution relationships that enable us to deliver excellent policyholder
service. Integral to the success of our model is an incentive-based compensation program, which
ensures effective alignment of performance to objectives. This model, coupled with a robust
talent management program, allows us to identify, develop and appropriately reward business
leaders who enhance the Company’s intellectual capital. We are proud of our results and welcome
this opportunity to share a few 2014 highlights with you.
2014 RESULTS
We grew our businesses both organically and
through the addition of specialty property and
casualty (“P&C”) insurance businesses during the
year, including the April 1, 2014 acquisition of
Summit Holding Southeast, Inc. (“Summit”) and
its related companies. The acquisition of Summit
added $410 million in net written premiums in
2014. We have grown several of our businesses in
response to market opportunities while achieving
or exceeding targeted returns. In other businesses,
we preserved our underwriting profit margins
in lieu of growth. Well-timed execution and
disciplined decision making allowed us to earn
after-tax returns on equity of approximately 14%
in our specialty P&C business and approximately
11% in our annuity business during 2014.
Net earnings were $452 million or $4.97 per
share for the year. These results reflect strong
core operating earnings in our specialty P&C
and annuity businesses, and include realized
gains and other non-core items. AFG produced
record core net operating earnings per share
of $4.82 for the year, an increase of 14% from
the prior year. Strong underwriting profit in
our specialty P&C insurance operations and
continued solid earnings in our annuity business
drove these record core operating results.
AFG’s adjusted book value per share grew to
$48.76 at the end of 2014. Total value creation,
measured as the change in adjusted book value
plus dividends, was $4.77 per share, or 10%, for
the year. Superior underwriting results, exceptional
investment management capabilities and intelligent
deployment of our capital have allowed us to
achieve compounded growth in AFG’s adjusted
book value plus dividends of approximately 12%
over the past five years. Our balance sheet remains
strong, with $47.5 billion in assets at December
31, 2014, and a debt to total capital ratio of 16%.
Specialty P&C Group
The combined operating ratio of 93.9% in our
specialty P&C business during 2014 was slightly
higher than the previous year, as improved
accident year results were more than offset
by lower favorable reserve development. The
overall performance of businesses within our
Specialty Casualty Group and consistently superior
underwriting profitability of the businesses within
our Specialty Financial Group contributed to these
results. Focused efforts to increase profitability
in some of our Property and Transportation
Group businesses have been effective and
we continue to focus on improving results in
our transportation businesses. Profitability in
our international businesses has not met our
expectations, and we continue to focus on
improvements in those operations as well.
Over two-thirds of our specialty P&C businesses
achieved pricing increases during 2014, with
an average overall renewal rate increase of
approximately 3% for the year. Through the end
of 2014, we achieved overall price increases in 13
consecutive quarters. Although we experienced
some pricing deceleration toward the end of the
year, we continue to see opportunities for rate
increases in 2015, particularly in our Property and
Transportation Group. Our overall pricing remained
at or above loss cost trends, which were relatively
benign, due in part to the low inflation environment.
Notwithstanding the impact that lower commodity
prices had on our crop insurance business, we
reported growth in net written premiums in most
of our specialty P&C businesses during 2014.
Net written premiums increased 20% during the
year, primarily due to the acquisition of Summit.
Excluding Summit, growth in net written premiums
was 8%. Our Specialty Casualty Group was the
primary driver of the higher premiums, achieving
growth in net written premiums of 52%. Excluding
Summit, the remaining businesses in this group
grew by 19%. The impressive growth in premiums
was largely the result of market expansion and rate
increases in several of our casualty lines of business.
In addition to the acquisition of Summit, we
launched our Aviation Division, serving a niche
aviation insurance market for difficult to place risks,
or risks that require a tailored approach. These new
additions brought our specialty P&C businesses to a
total of 30. We also acted on an opportunity to grow
our Public Sector business through the acquisition of
renewal rights, a transaction that more than tripled
the net written premium for this business unit during
2014. We are always looking for opportunities
to expand our specialty P&C operations through
start-ups, bolt-on businesses or acquisitions.
Annuities
We were pleased with results in the annuity business
during 2014. Average annuity assets and reserves
grew by 17% and 18%, respectively, year over
year. Our annuity business produced core pretax
operating earnings of $328 million in 2014, in
line with the record results reported during 2013.
Interest rate and stock market fluctuations have an
impact on the accounting for fixed-indexed annuities
(FIAs); these accounting adjustments are recognized
through AFG’s reported core earnings. Excluding the
impact of fair value accounting for FIAs, core pretax
operating earnings in the annuity business increased
by 16%, as growth in annuity assets was marginally
offset by the run-off of higher yielding investments.
In addition, earnings in 2014 and 2013 benefitted
from unanticipated investment and other income.
Statutory annuity premiums were $3.7 billion in
2014, the second highest level of annuity premiums
in the Company’s history. While this represented an
8% decrease from the prior year – which established
a record level of annuity premiums for AFG and
occurred in a favorable interest rate environment –
results were in line with our expectations in a low
interest rate environment. As a result of a consistent
pattern of strong sales over the past three years,
particularly from sales of single premium annuities
through financial institutions, AFG’s fixed annuity
reserves have grown from $15 billion at the end
of 2011 to nearly $24 billion at year end 2014.
With a focus on sales of fixed and fixed-indexed
annuities, our annuity business has achieved an 18%
compounded annual growth rate in assets since
our acquisition of Great American Life Insurance
Company in 1973, and is earning strong returns on
new business.
Investments
Our focus remains on achieving investment returns
over the long term that outperform market indices
while effectively managing our portfolio risk. In
fact, we view investment management as a core
competency. An in-house team of investment
professionals manages our $36 billion investment
portfolio and has executed a consistent strategy
over many years and diverse economic cycles,
delivering results exceeding industry benchmarks.
Our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of
investment grade securities providing a predictable,
steady stream of income.
For the seven years ended December 31, 2014,
a time period that captures the beginning of the
global financial crisis, our fixed income portfolio
outperformed the insurance industry by an estimated
150 basis points per year, or approximately $2 billion.
Opportunistic purchases of non-agency residential
mortgage-backed securities were the primary driver
of these returns, which significantly surpassed those
of other fixed income indices over the same time
period. In addition, our equity portfolio achieved
a total return of approximately 17% per year,
outperforming the S&P 500 Index by approximately
10% per year, or approximately $300 million during
the same time period.
A COMMITMENT TO CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS
We believe that the considerable ownership
of AFG’s stock by our management team
and employees aligns our interests with
those of our public shareholders.
We expect to continue to return excess capital to
shareholders through dividends and opportunistic
share repurchases. We will maintain financial
leverage and capital adequacy at levels that
are prudent for our business and consistent
with our commitments to ratings agencies while
maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity to
respond to business needs and opportunities.
We returned approximately $360 million to
shareholders in the form of dividends and share
repurchases during 2014. On a market value
basis, the compounded annual growth rate of
AFG’s Common Stock plus dividends for the
five-year period ended December 31, 2014 was
approximately 23%, far exceeding comparable
indices. These measures serve as benchmarks as
we evaluate our effectiveness in value creation.
During 2014, we announced a 14% increase in
AFG’s regular quarterly dividend to an annual rate
of $1.00 per share. This marks the ninth consecutive
annual dividend increase for the Company. In
addition, we paid a special dividend of $1.00
per share in December of 2014. The five-year
compounded annual growth in dividends paid to
our shareholders is approximately 12%, excluding
special dividends. Dividend payments and share
repurchases have enabled us to return over $1.8
billion to our shareholders over the past five years.
CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY
Capital management remains a priority for
us. AFG’s financial condition is strong, with
$810 million in excess capital (including cash
at the parent company of approximately
$290 million) as of December 31, 2014.
The capital in our insurance businesses exceeds, or
is consistent with, amounts required for our ratings
levels. Holding capital in excess of current ratings
levels allows us to operate confidently in forming
business plans while maintaining the financial
strength to effectively compete in the marketplace.
We will invest capital in businesses that have
potential for healthy, profitable organic growth,
and evaluate opportunities to expand our specialty
niche businesses through acquisitions and
start-ups that meet our target return thresholds.
The growth within AFG’s specialty P&C business,
particularly within the Specialty Casualty
Group, serves as a good example of organic
growth opportunities. Our business model
allows us to allocate capital to businesses with
the greatest return potential, and scale back
growth when we are unable to reach targeted
returns. We will continue to evaluate business
opportunities that have the potential to produce
desired long-term returns. Alignment with our
existing businesses and cultural fit are other
considerations when we evaluate opportunities
to expand our specialty insurance portfolio.
LOOKING AHEAD
We know that sustained performance and financial
strength will lead to growth in book value and
increased shareholder value over time. We believe
this model will allow us to earn double-digit returns
on equity, grow book value annually at double-digit
rates, and maintain a strong balance sheet and
adequate liquidity to provide financial flexibility.
As we look forward, we remain committed to the
core aspects of our strategic focus that have enabled
us to increase shareholder value over the long run
Superior underwriting, investing and capital
management have allowed us to outperform
industry averages and our peers. Our business
model rewards discipline and agility for managing
our operations through changing business and
economic environments including phases of the
overall insurance cycle, the interest rate environment
and the stock market. Our business leaders
understand the importance of providing superior
service to policyholders and agents, and the value
in maintaining our track record of financial strength.
We believe our business model positions us well to
produce solid results that will continue to outperform
the industry, and to identify opportunities and
execute when we see ways to profitably grow our
specialty businesses. We are proud of our Company’s
specialty insurance expertise and a history that
dates back to 1872 with the founding of our flagship
insurer, Great American Insurance Company.
We thank God, our talented management
team and employees for a successful year and
for helping us maintain the financial strength
that allows us to best serve our policyholders,
agents and brokers. We also thank you, our
shareholders, for your investment and confidence.
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
