in our Specialty P&C insurance operations were partially
offset by increased earnings in our annuity operations.
The combined ratio of 95% in our Specialty P&C Group
during 2012 was three points higher than the previous year.
The Midwest drought, which adversely impacted crop
results, was a primary driver of lower profitability. Higher
catastrophe losses and lower favorable reserve development
were also factors in the lower P&C profitability. Our teams’
effective use of reinsurance and careful risk selection were
instrumental in making these events manageable. We were
pleased to see overall sequential quarterly improvements
in renewal pricing in our P&C business during the year,
with most of our businesses achieving rate increases
during 2012. Net written premiums in our Specialty P&C
operations were up 6% in 2012, with growth driven by
higher premiums in our Specialty Casualty Group. The
broad-based growth achieved in many of these operations
serves as an example of opportunities we pursued to
organically grow our P&C business, particularly as certain
markets have hardened. The start-up of our Public Sector
Division this year also provided a channel to expand our
products into new markets by offering excess insurance
coverage for municipalities, schools and other special
service districts. We are always looking for opportunities
to expand our Specialty P&C niche businesses through
start-ups or acquisitions.
Our Annuity and Supplemental Group produced record
core net operating earnings for the fifth consecutive year
in 2012. These record results are attributable to our ability
to maintain spreads on a larger base of invested assets,
primarily the result of the fixed and fixed-indexed annuity
premium growth we achieved over the last several years,
accompanied by pricing discipline and excellent investment
results. This group also includes run-off blocks of long-
term care and life business. AFG recorded a non-core
after-tax charge of $99 million during the year due to loss
recognition in our long-term care business. This charge was
primarily due to lower projected future investment rates
resulting from the continued low interest rate environment,
as well as changes in claims, expense and persistency
assumptions. The reserves associated with these run-off
blocks of business, net of reinsurance, amount to less than
3% of AFG’s total assets at December 31, 2012
Additionally, in August 2012, we completed the sale of
our Medicare supplement and critical illness businesses for
$326 million, resulting in an after-tax gain of $114 million.
Excluding the businesses sold, our pretax core operating
earnings in the Annuity and Supplemental Group grew
by more than 34%, due in part to exceptional investment
returns. Annuity statutory premiums were $3.0 billion
in 2012, down 3% from the prior year. As a result of a
consistent pattern of strong sales over the past three years,
AFG’s fixed annuity reserves have grown from $11 billion at
the beginning of 2010 to nearly $18 billion at year-end 2012.
A commitment to creating value
Our overriding goal is to increase long-term shareholder
value. We believe that the considerable ownership of AFG’s
stock by our management team and employees aligns our
interests with those of our public shareholders. Return on
equity was 13% for 2012 and has averaged 12% over the last
five years. Solid earnings and share buybacks contributed
to a 10% increase in AFG’s adjusted book value per share
during 2012 to $42.52.
On a market value basis, the compounded annual growth
rate of AFG’s common stock plus dividends for the five-year
period ended December 31, 2012, was approximately 9%,
compared to approximately 1% for the Standard & Poor’s
(S&P) Property & Casualty Insurance Index and 2% for
the S&P 500 Index. These measures serve as benchmarks
as we evaluate our effectiveness in value creation.
During 2012, we announced an increase in AFG’s annual
dividend to $0.78 per share, the eighth consecutive annual
dividend increase for the Company. In addition, we paid
a special dividend of $0.25 per share in December 2012.
The five-year compounded annual growth in dividends
paid to our shareholders is approximately 12.5%, excluding
the 2012 special dividend. Since the beginning of 2008,
we repurchased 35.5 million shares of AFG’s stock at an
average price that was 86% of our average adjusted book
value per share over that period. Dividend payments and
share repurchases have enabled us to return nearly $1.5
billion to shareholders over that same period.
Our business model
As a premier specialty insurer, our business model is
focused on offering products and services where we have
niche expertise, capable distribution relationships and
where we know we can deliver excellent policyholder
service. Integral to the success of our model is an
incentive-based compensation program, which helps us ensure effective alignment of performance to strategic
objectives. This model, coupled with robust succession
planning , allows us to identify, develop and appropriately
reward business leaders who will enhance the Company’s
intellectual capital. We know that sustained performance
and financial strength will lead to growth in book value
and increased shareholder value over the long run. We
believe this model will allow us to achieve our long-term
financial objectives to achieve returns on equity in excess
of 12%, grow book value annually at double-digit rates, and
maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate liquidity to
provide financial flexibility.
Capital and liquidity
Capital management remains a priority for us. AFG’s
financial condition is strong, with $625 million in
excess capital (including cash at the parent company of
approximately $279 million) as of December 31, 2012.
We are committed to deploying our capital in a manner
that creates long-term shareholder value. We will invest
capital in businesses that have potential for healthy,
profitable, organic growth, and in opportunities to expand
our specialty niche businesses through acquisitions and
start-ups that meet our target return thresholds. In this
regard we have added or grown businesses where it made
sense to do so. Expansions of existing businesses, start-ups
and acquisitions of smaller targeted businesses, adjustments
to premium retentions in selected P&C businesses and
growth in our indexed annuity and bank annuity businesses
serve as examples of capital allocation decisions. We will
evaluate business opportunities that have the potential to
produce desired long-term returns and align well with our
existing businesses.
We expect to return excess capital to shareholders through
dividends and opportunistic share repurchases.
We will
maintain financial leverage and capital adequacy at levels
that are prudent for our business and consistent with our
commitments to rating agencies while maintaining a
cushion of capital. The capital in our insurance businesses
is at levels that exceed, or are consistent with, amounts
required for our rating levels. Holding capital in excess
of current rating levels allows us to operate confidently in
forming business plans and in maintaining the financial
strength to effectively compete in the marketplace.
Our shares traded at a meaningful discount to book value
throughout 2012. We viewed this as an opportunity to
purchase $415 million of AFG’s common shares at an
average price that was approximately 90% of year-end book
value, an effective means of increasing shareholder value
Investments
Our focus remains on achieving investment returns over
the long-term that outperform market indices while
effectively managing our portfolio risk. In fact, we view our
investment management activities as a core competency.
An in-house team of investment professionals manages
our $28 billion investment portfolio and has executed a
consistent strategy over many years and diverse economic
cycles, delivering results exceeding comparable indices.
Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of
investment grade fixed maturity securities providing a
predictable, steady stream of income.
For the five years ended December 31, 2012, we achieved
an annualized total return in our fixed income portfolio
that was over 160 basis points higher than a composite
estimate for the insurance industry during that same time
period, creating approximately $1.6 billion in total return
outperformance. Opportunistic purchases of non-agency
residential mortgage-backed securities were the primary
driver of these returns, which significantly surpassed those
of other fixed income indices over that same time period.
During 2012, AFG recorded pretax net realized gains on
securities of $210 million, including $93 million resulting
from sales of a portion of our remaining interest in Verisk
Analytics. At December 31, 2012, the Company held
1.0 million shares of Verisk Analytics, our largest equity
position, with an unrealized pretax gain of approximately
$53 million. We are very pleased with our returns on this
investment as cumulative realized and unrealized gains
total approximately $325 million on a pretax basis since
Verisk’s initial public offering in 2009.
Looking ahead
As we look forward, we remain committed to the core
aspects of our strategic focus that have enabled us to
increase shareholder value over the long run. We expect
our 2013 core net operating earnings to be between
$3.60–$4.00 per share. We believe our business model positions us well to produce
solid results that will continue to outperform the industry.
Our roots run deep, as does our experience. We recognize
the importance of discipline and agility in navigating
different phases of the overall insurance cycle, changes in
the interest rate environment, and new opportunities in
the marketplace. We remain committed to pricing our
business in a manner that produces appropriate returns
and allocating capital in a manner that produces long-term
value. We know that we must be positioned to grow our
businesses when and where it makes sense, while resisting
the temptation to grow premium through inadequate
pricing. Our business leaders understand that this is a
delicate balancing act, and recognize the importance of
providing superior service to policyholders and agents.
The Company’s financial strength, diversified specialty
insurance portfolio, investment core competency and
underwriting and risk management skills have provided
the strong “roots” that have given us a foundation for success and the basis for creating long-term shareholder
value. We thank God, our talented management team and
employees for a successful year and for helping us maintain
the financial strength that allows us to best serve our
policyholders, agents and brokers. We also thank you, our
shareholders, for your investment and confidence.
S. Craig Lindner
Co-Chief Executive Officer
Carl H. Lindner III
Co-Chief Executive Officer
