Message from Management

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and CEO

In good times or bad, we continue to stick to what we do best: protecting people when they need it most. Our focus on this simple approach has helped Aflac achieve solid financial results. Our administrative efficiency and ability to control expenses in both Japan and the United States are reflected in low operating expense ratios in both markets. This allows us to create products that provide excellent value to consumers and pay competitive commissions. Our strategy has also allowed us the privilege of providing more than 50 million people in the United States and Japan with financial protection "under our wing," while enhancing shareholder value. Disciplined Strategy Produces Results Importantly, in 2010 we continued more than two decades of achieving our operating earnings per share objective, which is the principal financial metric we use internally to assess the growth of our business. Operating earnings is defined as the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items that are inherently uncontrollable or unpredictable. We view this measure as

Capital Strength Means Capital Deployment to Shareholders In addition to delivering shareholder value through our earnings growth, we are very proud that 2010 marked the 28th consecutive year in which Aflac has increased the

2010 marked the 28th consecutive year in which Aflac has increased the cash dividend.

cash dividend. The decision by Aflac's board of directors to increase the cash dividend is a function of our strong

capital position. Maintaining this capital strength is a priority for us and is primarily measured using the statutory accounting risk-based capital, or RBC, ratio. Our goal was to end 2010 with a higher RBC ratio than our year-end 2009 ratio of 479%, and we surpassed our goal, ending 2010 at 555%. I believe our ability to maintain a strong RBC ratio exemplifies our ability to effectively manage our capital. Our capital strength gave us the confidence to resume our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of 2010, when we purchased two million shares of Aflac Incorporated stock. We anticipate purchasing six to 12 million shares of Aflac's common stock in 2011. Despite our intense focus on the balance sheet, we never lost sight of growing our business. Combined, we generated more than $2.9 billion in new annualized premium sales in the United States and Japan in 2010. Total revenues rose 13.6% to $20.7 billion, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment income, as well as the benefit of the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate for the year.

Aflac's Growth Strategy: A Foundation for Results It is not an overstatement to say that for more than three decades, our twopart strategy for growth in Japan and the United States has dramatically transformed our business: Aflac offers relevant products that provide financial protection to consumers through expanded distribution channels. And 2010 was no different. Following the turbulence of the financial markets in 2009, 2010 provided a measure of greater stability.

the best indicator of both the growth of our business and management's role in generating that growth. Operating earnings per diluted share rose 10.1% in 2010, excluding the impact of the yen. We believe that achieving our operating earnings objective for more than two decades has been a key driver of shareholder value. Additionally, net earnings in 2010 increased 56.6% over 2009 to $2.3 billion. Results for the full year benefited from the stronger yen and from lower realized investment losses in 2010, compared with 2009. Losses from securities transactions and impairments impacted net earnings by $273 million. In addition, net earnings were suppressed by $1 million due to the impact from ASC 810.

4

"... we continue to stick to what we do best: protecting people when they need it most. Our focus on this simple approach has helped Aflac achieve solid financial results."

Dan Amos addresses Aflac's field force at FOCUS, an annual event where our sales leaders gather to strategize for the upcoming year.

Investing In a Low-InterestRate Environment Without a doubt, it is our investment portfolio that fortifies what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to policyholders ­ to protect them when they need us most by paying claims, and paying them promptly. We continue to review our investments to ensure that they best represent the interests of our policyholders and of you, our shareholders. It is a challenge to invest large cash flows in a low-interest-rate environment. In Japan alone, we will invest about $28 million each day in 2011. In order to take advantage of higher interest yields in a low-interest-rate environment, we started increasing the amount Aflac Japan invests in dollar-denominated securities.

The Promise of "We've got you under our wing"
®

agents, employees, and constituents across the globe who work hard each day to back up our promise: "We've got you under our wing." I want to personally thank you, our shareholders, for supporting Aflac and helping establish and maintain a strong foundation for our company. We have done, and will continue to do, our best as good stewards of your trust.

To Aflac, the phrase "We've got you under our wing," isn't just a saying; it's a promise. From a customer standpoint, that promise means stepping up as a financial protector, to help shield claimants from income and asset loss. From a shareholder perspective, it means operating the company in a way that rewards those who invest their hard-earned money in Aflac Incorporated stock. There is only one Aflac Duck, and he is one of our most persistent sales agents in both Japan and the United States. But he is not flying solo. The Aflac Duck's wingspan represents the determination of an Aflac team that is hundreds of thousands of people strong. This wingspan includes Aflac sales

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

5

