Message from Management Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

Delivering Our Promise Aflac has the privilege of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States. We know those we insure are policyholders now, but they may become a claimant at any time should they get sick or hurt. When that time comes, we'll be there for them to help pay for everyday bills, copayments, and other out-of-pocket expenses as we promised. We see each policy on our books as an opportunity ­ a chance to fulfill our pledge. But behind each promise, there are thousands of Aflac employees and agents working like a duck swims: effortless on the surface, but paddling relentlessly underneath. 2012 was a year in which Aflac extended its record of success and furthered its opportunities. In both Japan and the United States, we successfully launched new products, focused on our distribution systems, and strategically promoted our brand ­ while also making significant progress in enhancing our global investment function. These efforts represent just some of the achievements that made 2012 another year in which we met or exceeded our operating earnings-per-share objective* ­ one of the principal financial metrics we use internally to evaluate management's performance. We believe that operating earnings per diluted share, excluding currency effects, continues to be one of the best measures of our success and has been a key driver of shareholder value for many years. As 2012 progressed, our operating earnings per share were better than expected, and we finished the year toward the high end of our objective of a 3% to 6% increase before the impact of the yen. This achievement reflects our ability to remain focused on a proven growth strategy in good times and bad: Aflac offers relevant products that help protect consumers against income and asset loss, reaching them through expanded distribution channels. Net earnings in 2012 rose 48.0% over 2011 to $2.9 billion. This substantial increase is largely due to significantly lower realized investment losses in 2012 versus 2011 when the company actively took measures to enhance its investment portfolio. Strong Capital Profile As we have communicated over the past several years, maintaining strong capital ratios remains a top priority for us. The strength of our capital adequacy ratios demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength and flexibility on behalf of all of our stakeholders, particularly our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. Our capital strength reflects the quality of our balance sheet and is driven by huge, steady cash flows from our operations, especially in Japan. Through strong surplus growth, an improved portfolio risk profile, and a weaker yen, our capital ratios improved significantly in 2012. We previously conveyed that our goal was to end 2012 with an RBC ratio in the range of 400% to 500%. At the end of 2012, our RBC ratio was 630%, which was significantly higher than our 2011 RBC ratio of 493%. Capital adequacy in Japan is principally measured by our solvency margin ratio. Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio at December 31, 2012, was 669%, which was well above our targeted range of 500% to 600% and a substantial increase above our 2011 solvency margin ratio of 547%. While we are pleased by the strength of our capital ratios, we continue to test our capital adequacy by applying rigorous stress tests under extreme scenarios. We're proud the rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our platform and balance sheet. Our financial strength, which exemplifies our ability to pay claims, is rated A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, and AA- by S&P. It is our longstanding belief that when it comes to deploying capital for the benefit of our shareholders, growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares are the most attractive means, and that is something we will continue to pursue. We repurchased $100 million (1.9 million) of Aflac's shares in 2012. Additionally, we are very proud that 2012 marked the 30th consecutive year in which Aflac has increased the cash dividend. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate that's generally in line with operating earnings-per-share growth before the impact of the yen. In 2012, we exceeded that objective by paying dividends that were 8.9% higher than in 2011, compared with the 5.1% increase in operating earnings per share before the impact of currency. While maintaining a sharp focus on our financial objectives, we also concentrated on efforts to enhance our business. Combined, we generated more than $4.0 billion in total new annualized premium sales in the United States and Japan in 2012. Total revenues rose 14.4% to $25.4 billion, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment income as well as lower realized investment losses. Investments Fortify Our Promise Our vision is to have a best-in-class investment organization that pays particular attention to the needs of the insurance operation. We establish this through effective asset/liability management and capital adequacy management, while also taking into account investment income needs. Without a doubt, it is our investment portfolio that fortifies what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to policyholders ­ to protect them

*Aflac defines operating earnings as the profits derived from operations before realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as nonrecurring items.

4

Aflac Incorporated 2012 Year in Review

"We sell a promise to be there for our policyholders in their time of need ­ a promise we don't take lightly."

when they need us most by paying claims promptly. We continue to review our investments to ensure that they best represent the interests of our policyholders and all of our stakeholders. As we evaluate investment opportunities, it is a challenge to invest large cash flows in a low-interest-rate environment. For example, in Japan alone, we invested, on average, $77 million each business day in 2012. In particular, our history of generating very strong cash flows was magnified in 2012 due to tremendously strong sales of WAYS, our hybrid whole-life product in Japan. We primarily invest for the long term, and the strong cash flows from our persistent book of business give us the ability to continue to invest from this perspective. Clearly, the world, and particularly Europe, presents a very dynamic macro-environment, and we expect continued volatility in the future. To effectively respond to this environment, we have embarked on a global transformation of our investment function. We've also adapted over the last several years through reducing our exposure to financial holdings and investments in Europe. Additionally, in the second half of 2012, we began employing a U.S. corporate bond program for Aflac Japan's portfolio. This program has been an effective means for diversifying our risk and enhancing portfolio liquidity, while also improving new money yields in Japan. With the success of this program in 2012, we intend to continue it into 2013. We made a significant financial business commitment to build out the investment function in 2012. I believe the enhancements we're making to our investment team, processes and infrastructure will better position us to invest our sizeable cash flows at more attractive returns through a more diversified and high-quality portfolio.

Continued Growth and More Promises to Keep While we are proud of our past accomplishments, we are equally excited about Aflac's future. With our firm commitment to continually evaluate our strengths and weaknesses, and to make quick and appropriate changes when necessary, I am convinced that the U.S. and Japanese markets are excellent platforms for future growth. At Aflac, we do not just sell voluntary supplemental insurance products. We sell a promise to be there for our policyholders in their time of need ­ a promise we don't take lightly. Tens of millions of consumers have placed their trust in us. They expect us to manage our business in such a way that we will deliver exceptional service and always fulfill our obligations, and we are privileged to have the opportunity to deliver on their expectations. Ever since our company was founded nearly six decades ago, we put the customer first by reminding ourselves each day about the promises we make to the people who rely on us ­ and positioning our business to fulfill those promises. I want to personally thank you, our shareholders, for supporting Aflac and helping establish and maintain a strong foundation for our company.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Aflac Incorporated 2012 Year in Review

5

