Message from Management
2005 ­ Marking 50 Years of Helping People
We celebrated a significant milestone in 2005: Aflac's golden anniversary. When our doors first opened in November 1955, I don't think anyone could have contemplated what Aflac would look like a half century later. After all, the company was simply the dream of John, Paul, and Bill Amos, who shared a desire to start an insurance company. To many, it may have seemed like an impossible dream. But the vision of our founders has more than just stood the test of time. We've had an incredibly rewarding five decades, marked by steady, profitable growth. And in growing our business, we've touched millions of lives. The privilege of enriching the lives of policyholders, sales associates, employees and shareholders remains our greatest priority. We know that a snapshot in time reveals a slice of life. Life brings change, and with it comes happiness, joy, and at times, uncertainty or even crisis. Often a medical crisis extends further than one would think, and not only jeopardizes health, but also compounds the problem by jeopardizing financial security. That's where we come in. Aflac's mission is to help provide financial security by quickly paying cash benefits when illnesses or accidents interrupt life. This gives our policyholders a chance to resume life where they left off as soon as possible.

Daniel P. Amos, Aflac Incorporated Chairman and CEO

A Year of Achieving Objectives
2005 was a year like most: We faced both challenge and opportunity. In Japan, our main challenge continued to be investing effectively and prudently in a low-interestrate environment, while maintaining our leading position in a competitive market. In

2

the United States, our foremost challenge was to improve new sales growth through better execution on the distribution side of our business model. We remain convinced there are tremendous opportunities for our business in both markets. Last year, I said that I believed we could do better. And in 2005, we did. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. achieved their sales and financial targets. In the process, Aflac Incorporated had another record year. Total revenues surpassed the $14 billion mark, and net earnings were a record $1.5 billion, or $2.92 per diluted share, in 2005. Net earnings for the year benefited from the strong underlying growth of our operations and an unusually high level of realized investment gains, compared with 2004. Most importantly, we again met the primary financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business. We have consistently defined that objective as the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items that are inherently unpredictable. We feel this objective is a valuable measure for judging the effectiveness of management. And we believe achieving our objective is the primary driver of shareholder value. Consistently repurchasing our shares and increasing cash dividends are also components of improving value for our shareholders. Using excess capital to buy our shares has been a good investment that has enhanced our per-share results. Since initiating our share repurchase program in 1994, we have bought shares every quarter. In 2005 we purchased 10 million shares, bringing the total number of shares we have acquired to more than 187 million since the program's inception. We also increased the

cash dividend in 2005, marking the 23rd consecutive year of cash dividend increases. Cash dividends paid per share in 2005 were 15.8% higher than in 2004.

Aflac Japan ­ Market Leadership, Branding, Innovation and Value
Aflac Japan was an important contributor to our record year. We achieved our sales target, and the persistency of our business was even better than in 2004. Premium income, net investment income and therefore, revenues, surpassed our expectations. In addition, Aflac Japan's benefit ratio continued to improve as we expected, producing higher margins and solid earnings growth in 2005. Japan's insurance market has continually evolved since we entered the country in 1974. Once a market geared to traditional life insurance coverage, several factors have caused the demand for our type of products to emerge as the fastest growing category in the insurance industry. As a result, more companies have recognized the opportunities we have seen for decades,

particularly in the medical insurance area. Although the market has become more crowded with supplemental insurance products, we believe our products represent a great value to consumers. To stand out even more in Japan's competitive market, we introduced two new medical products as well as a new cancer product in 2005. These new products energized our sales force, engaged more consumers, and helped us reach our sales target by offering new benefits to the market. Our sales efforts in Japan also benefited from aggressive television advertising. Our advertising continued to feature the Aflac Duck and focus on our position as the number one seller of medical insurance. We believe that consumers prefer to purchase products from a company that is the leader in its market. That number one status, combined with new products and our reputation for innovation and affordability, led to a 27.1% increase in medical sales for the year. We also continued to expand our distribution system in Japan. We recruited

$2.92 2.45

1.49 1.26 1.04 .88 .68 1.04 1.22

1.47

Net earnings benefited from record operating results and significant realized investment gains. Based on the internal financial measure we use to assess management's performance, which excludes items that are either outside management's control or inherently unpredictable, we achieved our primary financial target in 2005.

96

97

98

99

00

01

02

03

04

05

Amounts in 2001 through 2004 have been adjusted to reflect adoption of SFAS 123R on January 1, 2005.

3

approximately 4,400 new agencies in 2005. Once again, the majority of our sales were generated by our individual sales channel, which has benefited from evolving consumer preference for greater sales consultation. And we were especially pleased with the contribution from Dai-ichi Mutual Life. Aflac's market-leading cancer life policy and Dai-ichi Life's sales force have created a powerful combination in the market. We remain convinced that the health care and demographic trends in Japan make it a market that is well-suited to our business. Rising national medical expenses have stressed Japan's health care system. An aging population has only added to that burden. As a result, more costs are being shifted to consumers. In fact, copayments for Japan's national health care system have increased from 10% to 30% in less than 10 years. And according to research conducted by the Japan Institute of Life Insurance in 2005, more than 63% of Japanese consumers viewed the national health care system as inadequate. Against that backdrop, we expect the need for Aflac's products to continue to grow. A slice of life for Aflac Japan would reveal the many competitive strengths that have positioned Aflac as the number one seller of both cancer life and stand-alone medical insurance and as the largest insurer in Japan

in terms of individual policies in force. We believe our scale, along with our products, distribution, brand recognition, efficient operations and customer service set us apart and pave the way for future success.

Aflac U.S. ­ Finding Ways to Reach Consumers Who Need Help
Aflac U.S. re-established momentum and produced record results in 2005. We saw a broad improvement in sales in terms of geography and product, and I believe our U.S. sales force has been reinvigorated. Throughout 2005, their dedication and determination translated into sales growth that was in line with our objective for the year. We also met our financial expectations in the United States. From a product perspective, 2005 was a busy year. In July we launched a new and innovative vision product, marking the first time we have underwritten a vision policy. By combining traditional vision benefits with health benefits, we believe we created a truly unique product. We also introduced a revision to our hospital indemnity product. In addition, we finalized development of new life insurance plans for introduction in 2006. Although new product introductions can help stimulate the market, our primary

focus in 2005 was on distribution. Recruiting new agents to sell our products has long been the focal point of growing our distribution. In 2005, recruitment of new sales associates increased 8.0% over 2004, which was in line with our expectations for the year. At the same time, however, we emphasized more effective and consistent training in order to improve the growth of producing sales associates. We implemented new training programs in 2005 that provide our sales force with the tools they need to become successful. But training is not an event; it's a process that involves an ongoing commitment. And we are making that commitment to improve the long-term growth and effectiveness of our distribution system. The Aflac Duck also had a busy year. With six years under his wings, the Aflac Duck was featured in four new commercials in 2005. Unlike previous Aflac Duck commercials, our most recent ads were created to do more than increase name recognition. While still entertaining consumers, we carefully designed our advertising to convey a message that gives people a better sense of how our insurance works. Based on independent research, we believe that message has started to resonate with business owners and their employees. Employers today face the difficult task of balancing a desire to offer adequate medical coverage to employees with a need to manage expenses. An article in the September 2005 New York Times noted that "many employers are using a tactic called cost shifting, which demands employees to pay higher deductibles, premiums and copayment fees." There are literally millions of U.S. businesses facing that dilemma. As a greater portion of the health care burden is transferred to employees, we believe our products become more relevant as a means of mitigating that risk. And we also believe that trend will lead more employers and workers to see Aflac as a solution.

$14.4 13.3 11.4 9.7 9.6 8.6 7.1 7.3 7.1 10.3

With solid growth in premium income and net investment income, total revenues rose 8.1% to $14.4 billion in 2005.

96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05

4

Since the end of 2002, we have made many changes to our U.S. business. We've dramatically expanded our sales management infrastructure. We have significantly enhanced our training platform. We've brought new products to market and introduced a new branding message. We implemented those changes, and we will continue to assess and improve our model to better position us for growth. I'm convinced the United States is perfectly suited to the products we offer, and I believe we will continue to tap into its vast potential.

customer service so that an Aflac experience will be described by millions as the way business interactions should be. We must make it simple and convenient for people to do business with us. By doing these things, people will turn to Aflac for additional solutions to their health care needs because we will have earned their trust and confidence. Everything starts and ends with consumers and their needs. And from there, it's all about making special and meaningful connections. Connections with consumers by providing and advertising products they want and need. Connections with businesses in ways that let them know we understand their challenges. And connections with shareholders and policyholders that add value to each slice of life.

Aflac ­ Helping in Every Slice of Life
By keeping our finger on the pulse of consumers' needs and designing products based on those needs, Aflac has been able to maintain its market leadership. We're distinguishing ourselves from other companies by focusing on what consumers need now. In doing so, we are emphasizing our dedication to helping people get the most out of life with financial assistance when they need it most. As we look ahead, we want to redefine the relationship between consumers, businesses, and health care. We want to empower people with choices that protect their lives today and their dreams for tomorrow. We need to offer superior products and

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

59.3 51.0 45.1 37.0 37.2 37.9 29.5 31.2 25.0

$56.4

Aflac's total assets were suppressed by the weaker yen at the end of the year.

96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05

5

