MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS

In 1955 the Aflac opportunity came quietly knocking for Aflac and for millions of unsuspecting people ­ everyday, ordinary people from all walks of life. This opportunity came in the way of both career and investment opportunities, but most importantly, it would provide an opportunity to help ease the burden of people facing serious medical health events. While that knock may have sounded faint to many, John Amos, Aflac's principal founder, and his brothers, Paul and Bill, heard it loud and clear. Inspired by firsthand knowledge of the financial burden faced by a family member battling cancer, the Amos brothers opened the door to transform their dream of starting an insurance company into a reality. Through the six incredibly rewarding decades that have followed, their vision and dedication have helped us to grow our business tremendously ­ and in doing so, afforded us the opportunity to provide financial protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. In 2016, we made significant strides in advancing our vision of offering high-quality voluntary products, solutions and service through diverse distribution outlets, building upon our market-leading position to drive long-term shareholder value. We are driven each day by the opportunity to enrich the lives of policyholders, sales associates, insurance brokers, employees and shareholders. From a financial standpoint, 2016 net earnings of $2.7 billion increased 5.0% and operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency, * grew 4.7%. The operating earnings metric is one of the principal financial measures used to evaluate management's performance, and we believe it continues to be a key driver of shareholder value.
AFLAC JAPAN

In Japan, where we are proud to insure one in four households, we seized the opportunity in 2016 to strengthen relationships with our sales channels and enhance our product line to ensure we're continuing to meet the needs of consumers. These actions were instrumental in maintaining our status as the leading provider of both medical and cancer insurance in Japan.

4

AFLAC U.S.

In the United States, Aflac again earned the distinction of being the number one provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite.** 2016 was a year in which Aflac U.S. generated solid financial results. While new annualized premium sales came in below our expectations last year, we continue to actively invest in our platform, and we're enthusiastic about the opportunities that lie ahead for longer-term sales growth.
STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE SUPPORTS OUR PROMISE

I am also pleased with the action by our board of directors in 2016 to increase the cash dividend to shareholders, marking the 34th consecutive year of dividend increases. Our objective is to grow cash dividends at a rate generally in line with operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of foreign currency.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE FUTURE

Our strong capital position reinforces what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to its policyholders ­ to protect them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. We believe the financial strength of our company is important to our business. Our strong capital ratios and balance sheet demonstrate our commitment to our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. We regularly assess our capital adequacy using rigorous economic scenarios to safeguard our financial strength. We're also proud that rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, A+ by Standard & Poor's (S&P), A+ by Fitch and AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I). In fact, Aflac is among the highest-rated insurance stock companies offering voluntary products at the worksite. While policyholders are always top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. As we've consistently communicated, when it comes to deploying excess capital, the most attractive avenues include: investing in the growth of our core franchises in Japan and the U.S.; maintaining our strong dividend and track record of dividend growth; and, absent other compelling uses of capital, repurchasing our shares. In 2016, we repurchased 21.6 million of our shares at a cost of $1.4 billion.

At Aflac, we have always managed our business for the long term while remaining laser-focused on meeting our financial objectives. This has propelled our successful development of strategic points of leverage in both Japan and the U.S. that we will use to grow and drive shareholder value. Our activities are centered on protecting our policyholders, growing our franchise and driving shareholder value. At the same time, each day, we are presented with opportunities to support children and their families battling cancer and other serious diseases at the Aflac Cancer and Blood Disorders Center at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta and the Aflac Parents House locations in Japan, while striving to create value for our shareholders. As we reflect on 2016 and look ahead, delivering on our promise has been and will remain our top priority because we know that is not only what sets Aflac apart, it's who we are. And doing so will afford us even more opportunities to make a real difference in our constituents' lives.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

*Operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency, is a non-GAAP financial measure. A definition of this measure and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure, net earnings per diluted share, can be found on p. 40. **Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2015. Avon, CT: April 2016

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 | 5

