Message from Management

Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

A Year of Resilience--and Results

In the midst of a continually evolving economic environment, 2011 was a challenging year in many ways for many companies, including Aflac. Despite facing adversity, I am proud that 2011 was the strongest year in the company's history from an operational perspective. This achievement reflects our company's ability to remain focused on our growth strategy in good times and bad: Aflac offers relevant products that help protect consumers against income and asset loss, reaching them through expanded distribution channels. In doing so, we have the privilege of providing protection to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States. Our operational success in 2011 also highlights Aflac's strength, resilience and adaptability. But no matter how strong, adaptable or prepared a company is, there are certain situations that test a company's capacity to respond. That certainly was the case for Aflac in 2011, especially in Japan. We at Aflac, along with the rest of the world, watched helplessly on March 11, 2011, as the most destructive and devastating natural disaster in Japan's history wreaked havoc upon the northeast coastline of Japan, starting with the powerful earthquake and tsunami. I am proud that through it all, our operations in Tokyo remained up and running, allowing us to deliver on our promise of being there when our policyholders need us most. I am also pleased that through the U.S. media, we were able to keep our U.S. employees, sales force and investors, who were all very concerned for the people of Japan, apprised of what was going on. When I visited Japan in March

2011, I delivered messages of support and hope from all over the U.S. The compassion our stakeholders showed, particularly our U.S. employees and sales force, makes me proud and serves as a reminder that what we do each day really matters to our policyholders, investors and others who count on us to provide value in other ways.

measure of our success. We achieved our 2011 operating earnings-per-share objective of an 8.0% increase before the impact of the yen. We believe that achieving our operating earnings objective for more than two decades has been a key driver of shareholder value. Net earnings in 2011 declined 16.2% over 2010 to $1.96 billion. Results for the full year benefited from the stronger yen, but were negatively impacted by larger investment losses in 2011 compared with 2010. As a result of aggressive investment portfolio derisking, losses from securities transactions and impairments reduced net earnings by $850 million. In addition, net earnings were reduced by $159 million, resulting from foreign exchange and passive derivative activities.
Strong Capital Profile

Following the Great Earthquake of Japan in 2011, Aflac was the first company to donate to the victims of the devastation through the Red Cross, giving ¥100 million--about $1.2 million. Additionally, Aflac U.S. employees showed support to their Japanese colleagues through the sale of $5 blue wristbands with the Aflac Duck and the word "together" in English and in the Kanji character. Through the sale of these wristbands, employees raised more than $120,000 toward the relief efforts in Japan. To encourage participation, Aflac matched the first $100,000 in wristband sales, bringing the combined amount of sales/donations from this wristband effort to more than $220,000.

Overcoming Adversity to Achieve Earnings Results

On an operating basis, we have a long history of producing strong earnings growth. In fact, 2011 marked the 22nd consecutive year in which we met or exceeded our operating earnings-per-share objective,* which is the principal financial metric we use internally to assess the growth of our business. We believe that operating earnings, excluding currency effects, continues to be the best

As we have communicated over the past several years, maintaining a strong risk-based capital, or RBC, ratio remains a top priority for us. Our capital ratios demonstrate our commitment to maintaining financial strength on behalf of our policyholders, bondholders and all of our stakeholders. Our capital strength is driven by huge, steady cash flows from our operations, especially in Japan, and our balance sheet is strong. Our goal was to end 2011 with an RBC ratio between 400% and 500%. Our RBC ratio was 493%, which was at the upper end of our goal despite substantial realized investment losses in 2011. As we look ahead to 2012, our goal is to again end the year with an RBC ratio between 400% and 500%.

*Aflac defines operating earnings as the profits derived from operations before realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as nonrecurring items.

4

Aflac Incorporated 2011 Year in Review

Capital adequacy in Japan is principally measured by our solvency margin ratio, which was 547% at December 31, 2011, based on the new calculation method that will be effective March 31, 2012. Japan's new solvency margin calculation makes this capital strength measure more comparable with global measures of capital adequacy. We are comfortable with this level of solvency margin ratio, but continue to test this capital adequacy ratio by applying rigorous stress tests under extreme scenarios. We are proud the rating agencies have recognized the strength of our platform and balance sheet. Our financial strength, which exemplifies our ability to pay claims, is rated A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, and AA- by S&P. It is our longstanding belief that when it comes to deploying capital for the benefit of our shareholders, growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares are the most attractive means, and that is something we will continue to pursue. We repurchased 6.0 million shares of Aflac stock in 2011. Additionally, we are very proud that 2011 marked the 29th consecutive year in which Aflac has increased the cash dividend. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate that's generally in line with operating earnings-per-share growth before the impact of the yen. Despite our intense focus on the balance sheet, we never lost sight of growing our business. Combined, we generated more than $3.5 billion in total new annualized premium sales in the United States and Japan in 2011. Total revenues rose 6.9% to $22.2 billion, reflecting solid growth in premium income and net investment

income, as well as the benefit of the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate for the year.
Investments

Our vision is to have a world-class investment organization that pays particular attention to the needs of the insurance operation through effective asset/liability management and capital adequacy management, while also taking into account investment income needs. Without a doubt, it is our investment portfolio that fortifies what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to policyholders--to protect them when they need us most by paying claims promptly. We continue to review our investments to ensure that they best represent the interests of our policyholders and all of our stakeholders. As we evaluate investment opportunities, it is a challenge to invest large cash flows in a low-interest-rate environment. For example, in Japan alone in 2011, we invested $57 million each business day. We primarily invest for the long term, and the strong cash flows from our persistent book of business give us the ability to continue to invest from this perspective. Clearly, the world, and particularly Europe, remains a very dynamic and volatile macro-environment. As such, we examined our traditional approach to investing to determine how best to adapt to the changing environment. One way we've adapted over the last several years has been through reducing our exposure to financial holdings and investments in the peripheral Eurozone. To effectively respond to this environment, we brought on a global chief investment officer in November 2011. We are

also enhancing human capital, technology and investment processes as we embark on our goal to be best-in-class. At Aflac, we do not just sell voluntary insurance products. We sell a promise to be there for our policyholders in their time of need. Our employees are empowered to honor and fulfill that promise every day. The global financial challenges we've all seen, especially with the changes in the investment environment, have only served to re-energize my enthusiasm as CEO of this company. I wouldn't trade places with any other CEO in the world. I want to personally thank you, our shareholders, for supporting Aflac and helping establish and maintain a strong foundation for our company.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Aflac Incorporated 2011 Year in Review

5

