MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

The Story of Aflac: 60 Years in the Making

O

nce upon a time, John Amos, Aflac's principal founder, joined with his brothers, Paul and Bill, to make their dream of starting an insurance company a reality. They knew people were facing serious medical health events and set out to establish a company focused on insurance products that would help to ease the financial burden of getting sick or injured. To many, such a venture may have seemed like a tall tale or an impossible dream back in 1955. But their vision and dedication laid the groundwork for an incredibly rewarding six decades in which we've grown our business ­ and in doing so, we've touched millions of lives. The privilege of enriching the lives of policyholders, sales associates, employees and shareholders remains our greatest priority and incorporates a passion that we call The Aflac Way. The story of Aflac continued in 2015 as we celebrated a significant milestone: Aflac's 60th anniversary. Our diamond anniversary marked another year during which Aflac extended its lengthy record of success, while pursuing more opportunities. We made significant strides in advancing our vision of offering high-quality voluntary products, solutions and service through diverse distribution outlets, building upon our marketleading position to drive long-term shareholder value. 2015 operating earnings* per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen, grew 7.5%. This metric is one of the principal financial measures used to evaluate management's performance, and we believe it continues to be a key driver of shareholder value.
AFL AC JAPAN

2015 strongly with our fourth quarter new annualized premium sales hitting an all-time quarterly record in terms of premium amount. Most notably, I am very proud of the new chapter we marked in Aflac's history with the introduction of One Day PaySM, an industry-first initiative that allows us to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day.
STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE SUPPORTS OUR PROMISE

Our strong capital position reinforces what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to its policyholders ­ to protect them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. We believe the financial strength of our company is important to our business. Our strong capital ratios demonstrate our commitment to our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. This financial strength is reflected in the quality of our balance sheet. We are very pleased by our solid capital levels, and we regularly assess our capital adequacy using extreme economic scenarios to ensure our financial strength, considering the economic uncertainty in the world. Strong capital ratios serve to protect our policyholders' interests. We're also proud that the rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody's, A+ by S&P and AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I). While policyholders are always top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. As we've communicated, when it comes to deploying excess capital, we still believe that growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares represent the most attractive avenues, particularly absent other compelling uses of that capital. In 2015, we repurchased 21.2 million of our shares at a cost of $1.3 billion. I am also pleased with the action by our board of directors in 2015 to increase the cash dividend to shareholders, marking the 33rd consecutive year of dividend increases. Our objective is to grow cash dividends at a rate generally in line with operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen. We also take pride in generating an industry-leading return on equity, or ROE. Excluding the yen impact, our operating ROE for the full year was 20.2%, which was in line with our 2015 operating ROE target of 20% to 25%.

In Japan, where we insure one in four households, 2015 was a year of strengthening relationships with our sales channels and enhancing our product line to ensure we're continuing to meet the needs of consumers. We saw phenomenal success across all channels in sales of our third sector products, particularly with the product we pioneered ­ cancer insurance. These results helped generate a year in which we achieved the highest annual growth rate for third sector products in the past 10 years, helping us to maintain our status as the leading provider of both medical and cancer insurance in Japan.
AFL AC U.S.

In the United States, Aflac again earned the distinction of being the number one provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite**. 2015 was a year in which Aflac U.S. generated solid results, and we've been encouraged that the changes we made to our career and broker management infrastructure are laying the foundation for expanded long-term sales growth opportunities. We closed

4

INVESTMENTS AND MARKET VOL ATILITY

2015 represented a year of executing on our long-term investment strategy after completing the transformation of our investment platform, which included new leadership, building out investment teams in New York and Tokyo, new investment processes and governance that properly balances risk and investment returns. As we enter 2016, we once again find ourselves entering a period of volatility in the capital markets. Accordingly, we have a global investment policy that is governed by strict risk guidelines to ensure our portfolios are managed to achieve a high overall asset quality and remain diversified while seeking out attractive investment opportunities around the world. Our risk management discipline ensures we are mindful of various market challenges, including risks related to interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange to help ensure our portfolio will perform well through various market cycles. Our investment philosophy guides us to act in the best interests of our policyholders, while producing attractive returns for all of our stakeholders.
THE NEXT CHAPTER: KEEPING OUR PROMISE ­ THE AFL AC WAY

Ever since our company was founded six decades ago, we have always put the customer first by reminding ourselves daily about the promises we make to the policyholders and businesses who rely on us ­ and positioning our business to fulfill those promises. We know that we don't simply sell voluntary insurance products; we sell a promise to be there for our policyholders in their time of need ­ a promise we don't take lightly. By delivering on our promise, we've gained the trust of more than 50 million people worldwide who count on us to pay claims fairly and promptly when they need us most. As we look ahead, delivering on our promise will remain our priority because we know that is not only what sets Aflac apart, it's the story of Aflac.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Aflac, Aflac Incorporated

*Aflac believes that an analysis of operating earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure, is vitally important to an understanding of the company's underlying profitability drivers. Aflac defines operating earnings as the profits derived from operations, inclusive of interest cash flows associated with notes payable, before realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as other and nonrecurring items. **Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2014. Avon, CT: April 2015

Aflac Incorporated Year in Review 2015 | 5

