Message from Management

2004 ­ Building Our Business
The cornerstone of our business has remained straightforward and consistent for nearly 50 years: helping consumers pay out-of-pocket expenses arising from illnesses and accidents. And today this mission remains our greatest priority. Although our mission hasn't changed, we are continually looking for ways to better execute our business model and extend our record of growth. To that end, we refined our product line in 2004 to further enhance our connection with consumers' needs. We strengthened our sales management in the United States and continued to expand our distribution system in Japan. We also used technology to enhance customer satisfaction. We took these actions to ensure we are always ready to serve our customers. We know the speed of life varies among our customers, and when our customers need us, we adjust to the speed of their lives as we fulfill our promises.

Record Results in a Year of Challenges
Even the best of years are not without challenges, and 2004 was no exception. In Japan, our main challenge continued to be investing effectively and prudently in a low-interest-rate environment, and maintaining sales momentum. In the United States, our primary challenge was to improve new sales growth, which had slowed in 2003 following several years of incredible growth. Although we produced more than $2 billion of new annualized premium sales in 2004, new sales fell short of our expectations in both markets. I believe our 2004 sales results are not representative of our capabilities, the need for our products, or the opportunities in Japan and the United States. We can do better, and I believe we will. At the same time, it's important to remember that new sales are just one aspect of our financial performance. Earnings growth is also

influenced by operating expenses, claims trends, investment activities, and the persistency of our business. And in those areas, 2004 was an outstanding year. From the top to the bottom line, we met or exceeded all of our financial objectives in 2004. We also surpassed the primary financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business and measure the effectiveness of management. I believe that achieving our financial objectives points to the underlying strength of our operations. Net earnings rose at a rapid rate in 2004, reflecting a favorable comparison to 2003, a one-time benefit to earnings in the fourth quarter of 2004, and the stronger yen to the dollar for the year. The strong and consistent growth of our financial results has been the primary driver of shareholder value. And we have been able to enhance per-share results by purchasing our shares on a regular basis. In fact, we have bought shares in every

2

Moving at the speed of life

margins and very strong earnings growth in 2004. Although new sales picked up during the fourth quarter, they did not meet our expectations for the year. We began 2004 knowing that we would have to overcome obstacles to achieve our new sales targets. One obstacle was the expected decline in conversions from our older Rider MAX term product to the newer, whole-life version. Another obstacle we anticipated was declining sales of our cancer life product through Dai-ichi Life. Those impediments became more difficult to overcome as the year progressed. We also anticipated that the continued strong growth of our medical product would be sufficient to overcome those obstacles. However, after posting very strong sales gains in the first quarter of the year, medical sales began to slow. Although many new products from competitors have surfaced, we have not seen any product that represents a better value to the customer. According to independent research, Aflac remains the most preferred company for medical insurance in Japan. Aflac Japan continued to be the number one seller of medical insurance in the life insurance industry in terms of policy sales throughout the year. And we aggressively promoted our leading market position through television advertising toward the end of 2004. We believe the effectiveness of the ad is one reason medical insurance sales improved in the final quarter of the year. To stand out in a more crowded market, we knew we had to re-assert our position as the product innovator. To that end, we developed new medical products in 2004 that we believe will appeal to consumers who want to purchase more than the basic coverage that our original medical product provides. We began introducing our new 3

Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

quarter since initiating our share repurchase program in 1994. In 2004 we purchased more than 10 million shares, bringing the total number of shares we have bought to more than 177 million since the program's inception. We also increased the cash dividend in 2004, marking the 22nd consecutive year of cash dividend increases. Cash dividends paid per share in 2004 were 26.7% higher than in 2003.

Aflac Japan ­ Capitalizing on Innovation and Value
Aflac Japan, which represents the majority of the company's earnings, had a financially strong year in 2004. Most important, premium income and revenues exceeded our expectations, benefiting from better persistency of our business. Aflac Japan's benefit ratio continued to improve as we expected, producing higher

medical products in early 2005 and believe they will energize the sales force and engage more consumers. We also continued to expand our distribution system in Japan. During the year, we recruited nearly 4,200 agencies, which exceeded our goal for the year. Although new sales declined through the Dai-ichi Life sales channel, we remain pleased with this relationship. We believe Aflac's market-leading cancer life policy and Dai-ichi Life's sales force has produced a tremendously successful marketing alliance. Since we established the alliance in 2001, Dai-ichi Life has sold 1.2 million of our cancer life policies. We continue to believe that Japan is an ideal market for our products. Similar to the United States, Japan has quality medical care available to its citizens. But as the country has discovered, quality health care comes with an expensive price tag. In the last eight years, copayments on Japan's national health care system have increased from 10% to 30%. This steady shift of health care costs to consumers has increased the need for the products we sell. And with an aging population, it is likely that Japan's national health care system will continue to experience financial stress. That means consumers

could bear an even greater financial burden for their health care in the future. As we look ahead, the competitive strengths that have positioned Aflac as the number one insurance company in terms of individual policies in force are alive and well. We believe our products, distribution, efficiency, brand recognition, financial strength and customer service put us in a great position to capitalize on the opportunities in Japan's insurance market.

accommodate a much larger and growing distribution system. As a result, we significantly increased the number of sales coordinators who manage the activities of our sales force. We believe it has simply taken longer than we anticipated for our newly promoted sales coordinators to get their teams in place. However, we remain convinced that expanding our sales management base was critically important for the future growth of our business. There is no doubt that to improve our reach into the market, we have to increase the size of our sales force. We believe one of the benefits of an expanded sales management team will be a larger and stronger structure from which to grow our distribution. With more sales coordinators, we have increased our capacity to recruit new sales associates. And while recruiting was weak for most of 2004, we had a solid increase in the fourth quarter of the year. At the same time, we recognize that we must do more than just recruit. It's critical for us to provide our new sales associates with the tools they need to become successful. As such, we are focusing intensely on sales associate training. And we will continue to refine and improve our classroom and field training programs to help sales associates and coordinators build successful careers with Aflac. Perhaps the greatest change that took place in 2004 was in the area of branding. With name awareness of around 90% in the United States, Aflac is well-known to employers and potential customers. The Aflac Duck ads were specifically designed to improve our name recognition. In that regard, there is no doubt that the ads have worked. In a relatively short period of time, Aflac has emerged as a household name and the Aflac Duck has become a

Aflac U.S. ­ Preparing for Stronger Growth
Aflac U.S. also met or exceeded all of our financial targets. But from a new sales perspective, we fell short of our target for the year. However, we don't attribute sluggish sales to a change in the market, the competitive environment, or the value of our product. Instead, we believe slower sales growth resulted from the extensive changes we made to our sales management infrastructure. Following the launch of the Aflac Duck advertising campaign, we experienced explosive growth of our sales force from 2000 through 2002. We determined in 2003 that we needed to expand our sales management infrastructure to

4

pop icon. Yet, our continued brand research has revealed that many people want us to further define the Aflac brand and the benefits of owning our products. As we move from a name awareness phase to a period of brand definition, we are looking for our advertising and communications to help educate potential consumers about how Aflac policies can benefit their lives. Our new commercials for 2005 not only feature the Aflac Duck, but also better define Aflac. The initial testing and research has shown that clearly communicating our new brand message can significantly increase the relevancy of our products to consumers. We believe that better defining the brand will help reinforce Aflac's position as the category leader. We have made many significant changes to our U.S. business in the last two years. But one thing has not changed: The United States remains a very large and underpenetrated market that is well-suited to our products. I feel that 2004 was a transition year for Aflac U.S. because of the disruption from the dramatic build-out of our sales management infrastructure.

But I am convinced we have just scratched the surface of the U.S. market. A recent independent study found that 7% of those surveyed were covered by Aflac. An additional 8% indicated they were very likely to purchase our products if they were offered at their worksites. We believe this study suggests that as employers and workers cope with continually rising health care costs, they will increasingly look to Aflac as a solution.

mind they provide for consumers. On a daily basis, we are charged with balancing the needs of several constituencies. No matter which of our constituencies you identify with ­ shareholder, policyholder, sales associate, or employee ­ we know you look to Aflac to provide value you can incorporate into your life each and every day. And in delivering that value, we realize that the speed of life will be different for each of you. With a resilient business model as our foundation for success, Aflac remains committed to serving you at your pace with relevant products, excellent customer service, and strong growth.

Aflac ­ Moving at the Speed of Life
By keeping our finger on the pulse of consumers' needs and refining products based on those needs, we have been able to maintain our market leadership. We're distinguishing ourselves from other companies by focusing on what consumers need now. In doing so, we are emphasizing our dedication to helping people get the most out of life with financial assistance when they need it most. It's a point of view that drives the relevance of our products and services, the immediacy with which they are delivered, and the peace of

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

5

