 MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO
We Are Aflac – and We’re Here to Help!
At Aflac, we’re here to help. In fact, it has been our privilege to help provide financial protection and peace of mind to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States for more than six decades. Aflac is unique because our product is intangible, yet we view it as invaluable. Simply put, we sell a promise to be there for those whom we insure when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly.
2018 was another year in which Aflac extended our record of success and achieved our adjusted earnings per diluted share objective, excluding the impact of foreign currency*, which grew 21.5%. This metric is one of the principal financial measures used to evaluate management’s perfor- mance, and we believe it continues to be a key driver of shareholder value. We are continually working on our foundation of sustainable growth, particularly related to these strategic areas of focus:
• Industry-leading market share and scale in Japan and the U.S.
• Recognized and powerful brand
• Diverse and productive distribution
• Product innovation and customized, high-quality service
• Strong capital position marked by stable earnings and strong cash flows
Today, we are leveraging technology like automation and robotics to improve our efficiencies and reduce our risk of errors, allowing us to handle heavy work volumes better than ever. Through investments in Aflac Corporate Ventures, we are looking ahead to the next wave of digital and mobile innovation to extend our reach and provide even better service to our customers.
AFLAC JAPAN
In Japan, we are proud to insure one in four households. In 2018, Aflac emerged once again as the leading provider of both medical and cancer insurance in Japan. As a result, we met our sales objectives and generated solid financial results. In fact, 2018 marked Aflac Japan’s largest sales of third and first sector protection combined in a decade.
2018 also marked some significant milestones for Aflac Japan, beginning with its successful conversion from a branch to a subsidiary in April. This important step better aligns Aflac with global regulatory frameworks and reaffirms our long-term commitment to serving our policyholders in Japan. We have continued to enhance our product line to ensure we meet the evolving needs of consumers and strengthen relation- ships with our sales channels. To that end, we were pleased to enhance our longstanding distribution partnership with Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd. (Japan Post Holdings) and align financial interests through their announced intention to purchase approximately 7% of Aflac Incorporated’s outstanding common shares through a trust.
AFLAC U.S.
In the United States, Aflac again earned the distinction of being the leader in supplemental insurance sales at the worksite.** In 2018, Aflac U.S. met its new annualized premium sales objectives and generated solid financial results while also actively investing in our platform. In fact, in terms of volume, Aflac U.S. produced record new annualized premium sales, and more importantly, record pretax adjusted earnings. We remain enthusiastic about opportunities for longer-term sales.
STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE
SUPPORTS OUR PROMISE
We regularly assess our capital adequacy to ensure these levels remain strong, even against extreme economic scenarios. Aflac holds among the highest financial strength ratings in the industry. We’re proud that rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody’s, A+ by Standard & Poor’s (S&P), A+ by Fitch, AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) and AA by Japan Credit Rating Agency Ltd. (JCR). These financial strength ratings are for both our primary insurance subsidiaries: Aflac of Columbus and Aflac Life Insurance Japan, Ltd. Our strong capital position reinforces what I believe is our most important promise to our policyholders – to provide protection to them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly.
6 | AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2018

While our policyholders are always top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. In 2018, we repurchased $1.3 billion, or 28.9 million of our common shares. I am pleased with the Board’s decision to increase the dividend, coming off our 36th consecutive year of dividend increases and a recognition of the stability of our earnings and capital generation. This has placed us among a very elite category of companies, including recognition on the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat listing, and demonstrates our commitment to rewarding our shareholders. Coming off of back-to-back increases that raised dividends paid by 19.5% in 2018, Aflac’s Board of Directors increased the first quarter 2019 dividend by 3.8%. This reflects the overall strength of the company’s capital position and an outlook for stable growth in earnings and deployable capital generation. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned more than $2.1 billion to our shareholders in 2018. I am pleased with these actions, as well as with the Board of Directors’ decision to declare a two-for-one stock split facilitated through a stock dividend.
Having covered various financial metrics and performance results, I want to touch on an important element of our company’s purpose that is made possible by the business results we achieve: social responsibility. At Aflac, we have worked to be a strong corporate citizen for decades because it’s the right thing to do. In fact, since 1995, the Aflac family has been focused on the Aflac Cancer and Blood Disorders Center of Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta. We have given more than $130 million, with more than half of that coming from our field force of independent agents and employees. In Tokyo and Osaka, the three Aflac Parents House locations have supported more than 130,000 children and families over the last 17 years.
We are taking our efforts against pediatric cancer to the next level in a very innovative way that you may have heard about: through My Special Aflac Duck, a social robot that uses medical play, lifelike movement and emotions to engage and help comfort kids during their cancer care. My Special Aflac Duck embodies the compassion of our brand and gives us a symbol of Aflac that they can touch and feel. As people see My Special Aflac Duck, they will attain a better understanding of our company’s purpose and a
greater desire to be a part of it, as an agent, employee, business partner, shareholder, customer or policyholder. Ultimately, we believe this is a more sustainable approach to business and one that will continue to increase share- holder value.
As we look back on 2018 and ahead to the future, deliv- ering on our promise will remain our top priority. After all, that is a large aspect of what sets Aflac apart. We’re here for all of our stakeholders, and we’re here to help.
Daniel P. Amos
Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated
 *Adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of foreign currency is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure. See page 48 for a definition of this measure and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, net earnings per diluted share.
** Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2017. Avon, CT: June 2018. Supplemental sales are defined as 100% employee-paid through payroll deduction.
7
  