4
MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO
We Are Aflac. It is our privilege to deliver peace of mind and help provide financial protection to more than 50 million people in Japan and the United States.
Our product is intangible: We sell a promise to be there for our policyholders and insureds when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. Living up to that promise is what really counts in delivering a positive consumer experience and building a strong brand. It’s part of what we call The Aflac Way, which embodies who we are and what we do.
2017 was another year in which Aflac extended our record of success. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. honed several points of leverage over the last several decades:
• Industry-leading market share and scale
• Innovative products and high-quality, customized service
• Recognized and powerful brand
• Diverse and productive distribution channels
In focusing on these strategic points of leverage, we achieved our 2017 operating earnings per diluted share objective, excluding the impact of foreign currency,* which grew 6.3%. This metric is one of the principal financial measures used to evaluate management’s performance, and we believe it continues to be a key driver of share- holder value.
AFLAC JAPAN
In Japan, where we are proud to insure one in four house- holds, we worked to strengthen relationships with our sales channels and enhance our product line to ensure we’re continuing to meet the needs of consumers. In 2017, these actions were again instrumental in maintaining our status as the leading provider of both medical and cancer insurance in Japan. As a result we met our third sector sales objectives, increasing third sector sales 4.1% for the year and generating solid financial results.
AFLAC U.S.
In the United States, Aflac again earned the distinction of being the number one provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite.** In 2017, Aflac U.S. met our new annualized premium sales objectives, increasing sales 4.7% for the full
We Are Aflac
year and generating solid financial results while also actively investing in our platform. We remain enthusiastic about opportunities for longer-term sales.
STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE
SUPPORTS OUR PROMISE
Our strong capital position reinforces what I believe is the most important promise an insurance company makes to its policyholders – to protect them when they need us most by paying claims fairly and promptly. We believe the financial strength of our company is important to our business. Our robust capital ratios and balance sheet demonstrate our commitment to maintaining strong capital levels and flexibility on behalf of our policyholders, bondholders and shareholders. We regularly assess our capital adequacy to ensure these levels remain strong, even against extreme economic scenarios. As a result, we hold among the highest financial strength ratings in the industry.
We’re proud that rating agencies continue to recognize the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength ratings, which reflect our ability to pay claims, are A+ (Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody’s, A+ by Standard & Poor’s (S&P), A+ by Fitch and AA- by Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I).
While policyholders are always top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. In 2017, we repurchased $1.35 billion, or 17.8 million of our common shares. Our Board of Directors approved a 4.7% increase in the quarterly cash dividend to shareholders in 2017, marking the 35th consecutive year of dividend increases. This increase in the dividend placed us among a very elite category of companies, including recognition on the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat listing. On top of that, the Board increased the dividend by 15.6% in the first quarter of 2018, reflecting overall strength in the company’s capital position and an outlook for stable growth in earnings and deployable capital generation. This accelerated resetting of the dividend demonstrates our commitment to rewarding our shareholders. Including dividends and share repur- chase, we returned more than $2.0 billion to our share- holders in 2017. I am pleased with these actions, as well as with the Aflac Incorporated Board of Directors’ decision to declare a two-for-one stock split facilitated through a stock dividend.

Aflac is committed to making business decisions that balance the needs of our many constituencies, including our policyholders, employees, distribution network and shareholders, while recognizing the obligation we have to the global community. We are dedicated to the health and well-being of the people we serve and also to the health and well-being of the environment. As such, we strive to balance effective and efficient management of our opera- tions with responsible environmental stewardship. We don’t seek recognition for the sake of recognition, but when we receive accolades, it lets us know we’re doing the right things. As just a few examples of the recognition Aflac has received with respect to sustainability, in 2017:
• Aflac became the first U.S. insurance company to become ISO 50001: Energy Management Systems registered and the 10th data center in the U.S. to become Energy Star certified
• Newsweek Magazine named Aflac as #33 on its U.S. Green Ranking list, which evaluates the 500 largest publicly traded companies
• Aflac was included for the 7th consecutive year on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for North America
At Aflac, we have always managed our business for the long term while focusing on meeting our financial objec- tives. As we reflect on 2017 and look to the future, deliv- ering on our promise has been and will remain our top priority. After all, that is not only what sets Aflac apart, it’s who we are.
 *Operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of foreign currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. See page 44 for a definition of this measure and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable
**Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2016. Avon, CT: April 2017
Daniel P. Amos
Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated
AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017 | 5
  