The AFLAC Duck teamed up with popular LOONEY TUNESTM characters in the first new AFLAC television commercial released in 2004. The development of innovative commercials such as this one is the major reason AFLAC's brand awareness and name recognition remain tremendously high.

HONING OUR EDGE
I N T E G R I T Y \in-'te-gre-t e\(n) firm adherence to a strict moral or spiritual code e

Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

3

We attribute our success directly to providing products that meet the needs of consumers. Japan's weak economy and an aging population have stressed its national health care system. As part of a health care reform plan, the government increased copayments for most Japanese citizens in 2003. This move, along with increasing health care treatment costs, is forcing individuals to bear more out-of-pocket expenses. It is also prompting them to re-evaluate their present coverages. We believe the higher copayments and consumers' assessment of their own financial situations lead many consumers to purchase AFLAC products. AFLAC Japan has developed products that provide valuable benefits to help consumers cope with additional medical and nonmedical expenses. Our newest medical product, EVER, experienced tremendous growth last year. EVER is the bestselling stand-alone medical product among life insurers in Japan. At the same time, Rider MAX, a medical rider to our cancer life policy, continues to be popular with consumers. And our 21st Century Cancer Life policy remains our signature product, as demand for it is also strong. We believe the need for all of our products will remain high because the issues that are currently driving demand aren't likely to change soon. Japan's population will continue to age, and it's likely that Japan's national health care system will continue to experience financial stress. Given Japan's demographics and economic condition, we expect that our products will continue to be a valuable component of consumers' health care coverage. One of the keys to AFLAC Japan's growth in 2003 was the continued strengthening of its distribution system. We have always felt that we have the best distribution system in Japan, but we enhanced that advantage in 2003 by adding more than 4,000 agencies for the year, which exceeded our recruiting target. We have emphasized recruitment of individual agencies in particular because they are more effective in marketing to workers at the vast number of small businesses in Japan. And we remain very pleased with Dai-ichi Mutual Life's contributions to our sales. The combination of our leading cancer life policy
With solid growth in premium income and net investment income, total revenues rose 11.6% to $11.4 billion in 2003.

and Dai-ichi Life's extensive distribution network of more than 48,000 salespeople has produced a tremendously successful marketing alliance. Since the alliance was initiated in 2001, Daiichi Life has sold more than 930,000 of our cancer life policies. Although AFLAC was already the best-known foreign insurance company in Japan, we sharpened that competitive edge by introducing AFLAC Duck commercials designed specifically for the Japanese market. During 2003 we released several AFLAC Duck commercials to promote specific products and further position AFLAC as the market leader. We also produced a special AFLAC Duck commercial to draw attention to a significant achievement. Based on March 31, 2003, data, AFLAC became the number one life insurance company in Japan in terms of individual insurance policies in force. That's an accomplishment we are all quite proud of. Our new commercials were an immediate hit with consumers, sales agencies, and the media. CM Data Bank, an independent market research firm that specializes in rating commercials, identified two of the Japanese AFLAC Duck commercials as the top commercials in our industry. And after AFLAC Japan created a small toy AFLAC Duck, sales agencies bought more than one million of these promotional items in 2003 for distribution to their customers. In 2004 we will release more AFLAC Duck commercials in Japan. And we believe the popularity of the AFLAC Duck will continue and will prove to be an effective means for further solidifying our strong brand and reputation. Maintaining a strong reputation for financial strength and highquality products is critical in the current Japanese insurance market. After several years of a weak economy, accompanied by the failure of seven insurance companies since 1997, consumers are taking more care than ever when choosing an insurance company. Consumers are looking for transparent, energetic, wellbranded companies that have strong balance sheets and a solid reputation for paying claims promptly and fairly. There is no doubt in our minds that AFLAC is that company. AFLAC U.S. ­ Honing Our Edge for Future Growth AFLAC's U.S. business remained strong in 2003, even though we were disappointed in our new sales growth. We recorded solid growth in total revenues and pretax earnings. Even though our new annualized premium sales topped $1.1 billion for the year, which was a record for AFLAC U.S., we believe our sales should have grown faster. For that reason we made several changes in 2003 that we believe will strengthen our sales for years to come.

4

In recognition of our company's enormous growth over the last several years, we decided to divide the responsibilities for U.S. sales and marketing into two positions. We promoted Brad Jones to the newly created position of senior vice president and director of U.S. sales. Brad joined AFLAC as a sales associate in 1984 and has excelled at every level of sales force management. Most recently he was vice president, territory director of the Northeast Territory, which had produced strong growth for the last four years under Brad's leadership. At the same time, Joe Kuechenmeister will continue to play a valuable role as senior vice president and director of marketing. Joe has been with AFLAC since 1970 and has made significant contributions to our business in his more than 13 years as director of sales and marketing. We believe the experience and enthusiasm of Brad and Joe together will enhance the fundamentals of our distribution system ­ expanding our coordinator base, opening up new accounts, recruiting and training. Splitting the marketing and sales director functions was just one of the many actions we took last year to improve future sales growth. We also increased the number of our sales territories from five to seven, and throughout the year, we added to our number of state, regional and district coordinators. By expanding our marketing and sales force management, we believe we will be able to more effectively recruit and train new sales associates. That, in turn, should help us better penetrate the vast U.S. market. Just as we expanded our sales management team, we also continued broadening our product line. In 2003, we introduced a new generation of accident, short-term disability and cancer products. Combined, the accident/disability category and cancer expense products accounted for approximately 70% of our annual sales. We view the continual process of revising and enhancing our products as a vital aspect of our leading market position. One constant in the last several years has been the popularity of our advertising campaign featuring the AFLAC Duck. Our new annualized premium sales have doubled since 1999, the year before the AFLAC Duck began appearing in our commercials. We don't think that's a coincidence. The AFLAC Duck has steadily propelled our name recognition and brand awareness to new heights. We are convinced that our recruiting and sales have benefited in the last four years from the improved awareness of AFLAC. And we intend to protect our brand.

AFLAC has increased its annual dividend for the last 21 consecutive years. We increased the cash dividend twice in 2003, and total cash dividends paid in the year were 30.4% higher than in 2002.
.193 .128 .147 .167

$.30 .23

.075 .085

.097

.112

Annual Cash Dividends Per Share
9 4 95 9 6 97 98 99 0 0 01 02 03

In looking at the U.S. market, we believe there is great opportunity for growth. AFLAC products are well-suited, both in quality and price, for the needs of U.S. consumers. Furthermore, the market for our products remains significant and underpenetrated. We also believe that our continued focus on product broadening and sales force expansion will enable us to further tap into that market. Outlook for AFLAC Remains Bright As we look to 2004, we expect to see improved sales growth at AFLAC U.S., compared with last year. We are optimistic that the changes we made to our sales force infrastructure will improve recruiting and training, and ultimately, new sales. In Japan, we believe our leading cancer life and medical products will continue to serve as the two pillars of our product line. We know there is a large potential customer base remaining in the Japanese and U.S. insurance markets. And we believe we are well-positioned to tap into that potential. AFLAC has flourished over the years even though the economies in both the United States and Japan have been volatile. We believe our ability to improve profitability and generate strong growth regardless of the economic environment reflects the underlying strength and resilience of our business. And that strength comes from a carefully constructed business strategy that has provided us with an edge in the marketplace. By continually honing that edge, we believe we will continue to provide valued products and service to our customers, and solid growth for our shareholders.

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

5

