Message from Management
Never Fear, Aflac to the Rescue!
2006 marked Aflac's entrance into its second half-century of operations. During our first 50 years, we saw many changes in our industry and our operations ­ changes in products, technology, advertising and certainly, people. But there has been a common thread passed down from Aflac's founders: a focus on serving our customers and helping them when they need it most. Like most years, 2006 was one of opportunity and challenge. We produced strong financial results throughout the year. We also maintained our market leadership in the United States and Japan. And while there is no "secret weapon" or "silver bullet" for maintaining our market leading status, the core of our success is a straightforward strategy we use in both markets. First, we create affordable, relevant, and innovative products that meet consumers' needs. Then, we find effective ways to deliver those products to consumers. This simple approach has served both Aflac and its constituents well. As a result, we have achieved five decades of steady, profitable growth while "being a hero to" our policyholders, sales associates, employees and shareholders.

2006 ­ Aflac Incorporated Results
Aflac generated solid financial performance throughout the year. Total revenues were more than $14.6 billion, and net earnings were $1.5 billion, in 2006. Despite the strong underlying growth of our operations, net earnings were unchanged from the prior year due to tough comparisons to 2005 when we had an unusually high level of realized investment gains. In 2005 we initiated a bond-swap program that produced net realized investment gains of $167 million in that year. We completed the program in mid-2006 and for the full year, net realized investment gains were $51 million. Although net earnings were flat for the year, we again achieved the primary

Daniel P. Amos, Chairman and CEO

2

financial objective we use internally to assess the growth of our business. We have consistently defined that objective as the growth of net earnings per diluted share, excluding items that are inherently unpredictable. We believe this objective is a valuable measure for evaluating our management and business performance. And further, we believe that achieving our objective is the primary driver of shareholder value over the long term. Another way we enhance shareholder value is through dividends and our share repurchase program. It has been our objective to generally increase the cash dividend in line with our internal performance measure of earnings per share growth. Reflecting a strong capital position and confidence in our business model, we raised the dividend twice in 2006. As a result, cash dividends paid per share in 2006 were 25.0% higher than in 2005. We also repurchased 10.3 million shares in 2006, bringing the total number of shares we have acquired since 1994 to more than 197 million. We believe that repurchasing Aflac shares has proven to be a good use of excess

capital, and it has also enhanced our per-share results.

Aflac Japan ­ Adapting to a Changing and Challenging Market
We have seen many changes in Japan's health care and insurance environment since our entry in 1974. Health care costs have steadily shifted to consumers for several years as the country has tried to cope with the effects of an aging population. That in turn has led more insurance companies to participate in the market for insurance products like Aflac's that pay "living benefits" as opposed to more traditional "death benefits." As a result, we have seen a more crowded market in recent years. Yet despite the increase in competitors, we believe we retain distinct strengths, including our administrative efficiency, which allow us to offer a very competitive product value to consumers. A major highlight in 2006 was the introduction of WAYS, an innovative life insurance product that gives consumers significant flexibility by allowing them to convert a portion of the policy's death

benefits to either medical or nursing coverage or annuity payments at retirement age. The consumer response to WAYS led to a strong year for our traditional life insurance sales. However, due to weakness in the medical product category, which includes our EVER product line and Rider MAX, total new sales declined for the year. In addition to crowded market conditions, consumer confidence in Japan's insurance industry deteriorated throughout the year. Consumer skepticism was fueled by widespread media coverage of business suspensions and sanctions against non-life insurance companies for claims payment processing errors. It became clear in mid-2006 that industrywide demand for insurance products was being restrained by the claims payment issue, especially for the medical product segment where many of the claims issues arose. In fact, research conducted in December 2006 showed that 37% of consumers were not interested in purchasing insurance due to their concerns over the claims payment issue. What has also become very clear in the current environment is that to be effective

2.92 $2.95 2.45

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share
Net earnings per share reflected record operating results, but lower realized investment gains. Based on the internal financial measure we use to assess management's performance, which excludes items that are either outside management's control or inherently unpredictable, we achieved our primary financial target in 2006.

1.49 1.26 1.04 .88 1.04 1.22

1.47

97

98

99

00

01

02

03

04

05

06

Net Earnings Per Diluted Share Internal Performance Measure
Amounts in 2001 through 2004 have been adjusted to reflect adoption of SFAS 123R on January 1, 2005.

3

in Japan, we must focus on active sales tactics such as face-to-face consulting sales, rather than the more traditional techniques, like direct mail, that we have used in the past. To that end, we began a new agent training program that we believe will help our sales associates in Japan develop their sales skills so they can be more effective in the market. Our sales associates and agencies are also building up Aflac's network of service shops throughout Japan. Insurance shops have emerged as a popular place for consumers to conveniently meet with Aflac sales associates for face-to-face consultations. Even though the demand for our medical products was weak in 2006, we don't believe the basic need for our products has changed. According to research conducted by the Japan Institute of Life Insurance, more than 63% of Japanese consumers viewed the national health care system as inadequate in 2005. Against that backdrop, we believe Aflac Japan still possesses the core competitive strengths that have

positioned us as the number one seller of both cancer life and stand-alone medical insurance and as the largest insurer in Japan in terms of individual policies in force. We believe the need for our products, combined with our strong brand, enormous scale, efficient operations, relevant products, broad distribution and dedicated customer service will continue to set us apart and position us for future success.

Aflac U.S. ­ Up, Up and Away!
After experiencing explosive growth of our U.S. operation from 2000 through 2002, we spent much time and energy on strengthening the distribution side of our business as a platform for future growth. Our objective was to enhance our sales management infrastructure and to increase our recruiting and training capacity in the field. These changes were extensive, and they were also disruptive. But our 2006 results suggest they were also necessary and effective. Aflac U.S. surpassed its objective last year and produced record new sales.

From a product perspective, 2006 was a year of enhancing products to ensure they provide the best value when consumers need them. In January, we launched a revised life insurance product line, and in July, we introduced an updated specified health event policy, which includes an option to combine it with our intensive care policy. Because the combination takes advantage of administrative efficiencies, the combined premium is lower than when the two products are purchased separately. We were very pleased with the expansion of our sales force in 2006. New sales associate recruitment was strong. However, even more meaningful and encouraging was the solid increase in the number of sales associates who consistently produced business in 2006. We believe our success in increasing the number of average weekly producing sales associates is directly related to the training programs we have implemented. The Aflac Duck's calendar was quite full, appearing in four new commercials in 2006. Unlike previous Aflac Duck commercials, we

14.4 13.3 11.4 9.7 9.6 8.6 7.3 7.1 10.3

$14.6

Total Revenues
(In billions)
Despite the weaker yen, total revenues rose 1.8% to $14.6 billion in 2006, benefiting from solid growth in premium income and net investment income.

97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05

06 Japan U.S.

4

designed our ads in the last two years to convey a message that gives people a better sense of how our insurance works while still entertaining consumers. Our research suggests that message is resonating with business owners and their employees. Employers in the United States today face the challenge of balancing a desire to offer adequate medical coverage to employees with a need to manage expenses. Employers often find that a difficult task. We frequently see newspaper articles that suggest employers are forced to shift costs to their workers, which often results in higher deductibles or copayments, or lower benefits. There are literally millions of U.S. businesses facing that dilemma. As a greater portion of the health care burden is transferred to employees, we believe our products become more relevant as a means of mitigating that risk. And we also believe that trend will lead more employers and workers to view Aflac as a solution. I am very pleased with our U.S. operation, and I am convinced that we have been doing

all of the right things to lay the groundwork for continued growth in the future. Over the last several years, our U.S. business has had quite a makeover, and I believe these changes sparked the momentum we've generated. We've expanded our sales management infrastructure and strengthened our distribution system by providing better training. We've created new products and introduced a new branding message. We're using technology to leverage our resources to respond to our agents' and customers' needs. And we believe we will continue to find ways to tap into even more of the vast potential of the U.S. market.

has millions of potential customers who can benefit from our coverage. And each has tens of thousands of sales associates who are dedicated to coming to the rescue when a life-changing event turns a policyholder into a claimant. From a financial standpoint, we have a strong balance sheet from which to grow. Our investment portfolio is in excellent shape. We've maintained high capital adequacy ratios to support our ratings, and we're very comfortable with our capital position. We're also generating strong cash flows that we can use to benefit our shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchase. And we believe we are in a very good position to achieve our internal performance objective for earnings per share growth in 2007.

Aflac ­ Preparing for Growth in 2007 and Beyond
Even though the Japanese and U.S. insurance markets are fundamentally different and half a world apart, they both share a common opportunity for growth. With ever rising out-of-pocket expenses for health care, both markets are very well suited to the products we offer. Each market

Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

59.3 56.4 51.0 45.1 37.0 37 .2 37.9 29.5 31.2

$59.8

Total Assets
(In billions)
Aflac's total assets reached $59.8 billion, reflecting solid growth in investments and cash.

97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05

06 Japan U.S.

5

