CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
  ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
SALES BY PRODUCT
Parts 12%
Implements and other 7%
Combines 6%
Application equipment 4% Hay and forage 4%
SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
   2008 $4.09
Tractors 67%
EAME* 58%
  2007 $2.52
North America 21% South America 18%
Asia Pacific 3%
* Europe, Africa, Middle East
    2006 $1.12
      Fellow Stockholders,
2008 was a successful year for AGCO. We delivered record sales and earnings, introduced significant innovations across our product portfolio and made key investments positioning AGCO for future growth. The year began with a strong global economy, accessible credit, high commodity prices and plenty of optimism. By year-end, we were experiencing disruption in the financial markets unlike any we have seen in decades. The global financial crisis spread to the world economy and today we face a more challenging operating environment.
Looking out beyond the current issues,
the opportunities for the global agricultural equipment industry and AGCO are significant. The long-term trends that have increased demand for grains and lowered grain inventories are still intact. The growing population, the increasing need for food, improving diets
and rising demand for energy will continue
to support healthy, long-term basics for the agricultural industry. As farmers seek to meet growing food demands and to offset higher production costs, the rate of mechanization
is increasing, offering significant opportunities. We are working hard to ensure that AGCO remains well-positioned to take advantage
of these global trends, while continuing to strengthen our market position in the coming years. The following pages tell the story of a company delivering consistent performance
– a company moving forward with a clear strategic agenda.
2008 performance
For 2008, AGCO’s sales were $8.4 billion, up over 23 percent compared to 2007. Earnings per share grew more than 60 percent and exceeded $4.00 for the first time in AGCO’s history. The strength of our markets continued to produce very positive results. In our Europe/ Africa/Middle East segment, sales exceeded $4.9 billion and operating margins reached ten percent for the second consecutive year. Robust sales growth and the positive impact of cost reduction initiatives helped our
North American business return to operating profitability in 2008. In South America, Brazil produced record industry tractor sales and generated record AGCO sales of nearly $1.5 billion. All this was achieved in a year when we made significant investments in research and development and other productivity initiatives.
We have products and the right technology to compete effectively in today’s dynamic marketplace. To ensure AGCO continues
to improve its competitive position and its performance, we have initiatives in place aimed at growing sales, controlling costs and better utilizing capital. Our strategy is focused on three areas:
• increase investments in research and development to provide new products and leading-edge technology;
• enhance the efficiency and productivity of our manufacturing and purchasing functions; and
• improve distribution to expand our reach and upgrade our customer service to grow our business.
Investing in new products and technology
The quality and performance of our products are instrumental to AGCO’s vision of providing high-tech solutions to professional farmers.
We have steadily increased our research and development spending over the last six years, and compared to 2002, we have tripled it to nearly $200 million in 2008. We are focusing
on new technology for our high-horsepower tractors, introducing new products that fill regional product niches, and building our harvesting business. Our technology initiatives are focused on bringing customer-friendly technologies to help farmers become more productive, more efficient, more environmentally responsible and, ultimately, more profitable.
The new Massey Ferguson 8690 is a great example of our technology investment. The most powerful and technologically advanced tractor ever produced by Massey Ferguson, the 8690 made its public debut at the Innov- Agri farm show in France last November. At 370hp, it is not only the world’s most powerful conventional four-wheel drive tractor, it also
is the first equipped with industry-leading
e3 Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) exhaust treatment, making it the cleanest emission tractor in its class, delivering unparalleled
fuel economy. The 8690 was named Tractor
of the Year 2009 at the EIMA Show in Bologna, Italy and also won the Golden Tractor Design Award. This is an excellent example of AGCO’s commitment to strengthen its leadership in technology, performance and environmental responsibility.
Improving our efficiency and productivity
Our production teams are focused on improved performance across the Company, reinforcing quality as a core value by utilizing a program called AGCO Improvement Methods, or AIM. This new program uses three proven approaches: Six Sigma; lean manufacturing; and continuous improvement. Many of our factories individually implemented these programs; however,
AIM marks the first time AGCO has utilized a consistent approach across all of our factories. These initiatives are providing a solid range
of tools to employees, empowering them to drive out excess waste, eliminate non-value- added tasks, and streamline production and administrative processes – all focused on better serving the customer. The financial benefits
of lower inventories and reduced expenses are expected to be realized through our implementation of best practices, which are identified as part of a rigorous performance evaluation performed at each location.
Improving our product costs through world class procurement has been another major focus. Operating with a global perspective
is now allowing us to leverage the scale of our business with global purchasing initiatives. Our increased sourcing from Asia and Eastern Europe is also gaining traction. In 2009, we expect to triple our purchases from low cost locations. Our expectation is a significant cost saving on resourced components and parts.
Emerging markets and opportunities
Agriculture continues to be an important part of the Brazilian economy and an important source of income growth. Unlike most of the developed agricultural markets, Brazil holds significant opportunity for farming expansion and will benefit from the world’s growing demand for both food and fuel. Brazil is already one of the leading exporters of soybeans, sugar and coffee and is a leading producer of sugar cane-based ethanol. Mandates for bio-diesel usage increases are expected to drive more production in the coming years.
The developing markets in the Commonwealth of Independent States provide a significant growth opportunity for AGCO. There is
an immense amount of farmland in Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan being farmed with inefficient machinery. Over the last several years, renewed economic development has sparked increased demand for agricultural technology. The current financial situation
has severely limited the availability of credit
in this region. When the credit markets recover, the key to our success in Russia and East
and Central Europe will be the expansion
of our distribution. We are making significant investments in this region to grow our footprint, increase our dealer training and upgrade our parts and service support to improve the service experience of our customers.
Today, China is one of the world’s largest markets for small, low technology agricultural tractors. Economic progress in this region has driven more automation to farms. The sales
of high-horsepower tractors, which are AGCO’s strength, are still relatively small. Over time, farm consolidation in China is expected to provide an opportunity for larger, more productive farm machinery. We are continuing to explore joint-venture opportunities in China that would give us access to distribution and production capability for both the local market and for sourcing to other regions.
We are fortunate to have over 15,000 dedicated employees committed to delivering products and services to make our customers more efficient and more productive. Our legacy of service is built on a strong foundation of solid values and ethical management. By respecting people and supporting its communities, AGCO has positioned itself as a trusted neighbor and valued employer.
AGCO’s robust operational performance and the steps taken to reduce our debt over the
last few years have positioned AGCO to better deal with the current turmoil in the financial markets. AGCO Finance, our joint venture with Rabobank, continues to be ready to support our customers’ retail financing needs. As we look to the future, our strong balance sheet will provide a solid foundation for profitable growth.
Our success is built on strong partnerships with customers, employees, investors and suppliers. In a world of increasing uncertainty, we believe there is substantial growth still to come. We look forward to delivering innovative products and services that create new opportunities
for AGCO, our customers and our dealers. Your support enables us to pursue these opportunities, and I want to thank you for your continued investment in our company.
Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                     34
