Annual Report 2011

chairman's message
Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2011 was a year of exceptional performance for AGCO. The Company delivered record sales and earnings, introduced significant innovations across our product portfolio and made key investments that position the Company for future growth. Looking into the future, the opportunities that exist for the global agricultural equipment industry and our Company are significant. The growing population, increasing demand for food, improved diets and rising requirements for energy worldwide will continue to support healthy long-term fundamentals for the agricultural industry. As farmers seek to meet growing food demands and to offset higher production costs, the rate of investment in farm equipment is increasing, offering significant opportunities. We are working hard to ensure that AGCO remains well-positioned to take advantage of these global trends. our row crop customers. In Europe and North America, we introduced a number of high technology tractor products like the Fendt 700 Vario and the Challenger MT 600 both equipped with SCR engine technology. These new tractor models deliver better fuel economy for our customers and cleaner exhaust for a healthier environment. AGCO has consistently invested in its tractor products and distribution and is a global leader in tractor sales. We have a significant opportunity to leverage our strong brands with new and improved harvesting products and improved distribution capabilities. In 2011, we acquired the remaining 50% of the Laverda S.p.A combine harvester business based in Breganze, Italy. Our new Massey Ferguson and Fendt high performance Class 8 combines went into production at the Breganze factory in 2011, and both have enjoyed market success in their first season. The latter part of 2011 also brought the introduction of AGCO's first self-propelled forage harvester, the Fendt Katana. Aimed at professional farmers who are already loyal to the Fendt brand, it is expected that the Katana will open sales opportunities both in the feed and silage sector and in harvesting biomass crops. Numerous industry awards from around the globe served as recognition that we are producing leading-edge machinery to meet farmers' needs. These awards included Gold and Silver medals and the Machine of the Year 2012 Award for Massey Ferguson and Fendt at the Agritechnica Farm Show in Germany; a gold medal at the Polagra 2012 in Poland for Fendt; 2012 Finovation awards from the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers for our windrowers, planters, sprayers and combines; and the 2011 Fenabrave "Most Desired Brand" award for Massey Ferguson in Brazil. Our increased investment in research, design and engineering will continue to ensure we stay at the forefront of farm equipment development. investment plan at the Marktoberdorf plant in Germany, where we produce Fendt tractors and CVT transmissions, will be completed in the summer of 2012. Production capacity will increase and efficiency improvements will be possible thanks to improved technology and production flow at the facility. We are improving the performance of our products and lowering their fuel consumption by utilizing more AGCO produced engines in our equipment. More than half of the tractors, combines, and sprayers we manufactured in 2011 were equipped with AGCO engines, twice the penetration rate compared to 2004.

Extending AGCO's reach
In November, we completed the acquisition of GSI, a leading global manufacturer of grain storage and protein production systems. GSI is a strong, profitable, well-managed company with great brands, global reach and technology leadership. It manufactures complete grain storage and handling solutions for both farmers and large-scale grain processors. GSI's protein production product line supports both swine and poultry growers, including feeders, nesting, and climate control systems. With global protein consumption on the rise due to changing diets in emerging markets, demand for both grain storage and swine and poultry production is set to increase substantially. As emerging markets adopt more sophisticated levels of technology, the requirement for GSI products should continue to grow.

Financial results
AGCO's sales reached $8.8 billion in 2011, growing over 27% compared to 2010. Adjusted earnings per share grew more than 93% to $4.48. The strength of our end markets continued to generate very positive results. Recovery in Western Europe produced sales of nearly $4.7 billion in our Europe/Africa/Middle East region, and operating margins rebounded to 10.2%. Sales growth of 19% and the positive impact of cost reduction initiatives helped our North American segment improve operating margins by nearly two percentage points. In South America, positive farm fundamentals produced strong industry demand in Brazil and generated record AGCO sales of nearly $1.9 billion. Overall, we achieved record earnings while making significant investments in research and development and other productivity initiatives.

Delivering what farmers want
The innovation, quality and performance of our products are instrumental to AGCO's vision of providing high-tech solutions to professional farmers. In 2011 we continued to refresh our full line of equipment with a focus on the high horsepower range as well as new products which expand our current product offering. In Brazil, we are introducing more technology and localizing complimentary products. A good example is the introduction of localized sprayers for

Investing in our business
We are optimistic about the outlook for our industry and are making investments to ensure AGCO is prepared to meet the future demand for our products. Our $220 million multi-year

"

We are optimistic about the outlook for our industry and are making investments to ensure AGCO is prepared to meet the future demand for our products.
04

03

Annual Report 2011

chairman's message

Emerging markets
Russia and the CIS continue to have significant growth prospects. There is an immense amount of farmland in Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan being farmed with inefficient machinery. The investment in farm equipment dropped to very low levels over the last 15 years and crop yields in this region have suffered. We are expanding our distribution in the CIS region and establishing local manufacturing capabilities to take advantage of the growth opportunities in these markets. China is one of the world's largest markets for small and mid-size low specification agricultural tractors. Economic progress in the region is driving more mechanization to farms. Over the next few years, we plan to invest in production facilities in China. These will serve both domestic and export markets with fully assembled tractors as well as drivelines and engines for assembly in other locations. Strategic investment throughout Africa will place AGCO's key brands at the heart of a continent on the cusp of the next green revolution. The strengthening of dealer networks and training facilities throughout the continent will enable AGCO to further establish our products throughout the region.

A Strong and Sustainable Outlook
Farmers have been producing food for thousands of years. With rising populations expected over the next four decades, they face their biggest challenge yet. The United Nations' studies suggest that by 2050 global food production will have to increase by 70%. To boost global food supply, production efficiency is being improved thanks to more accurate use of fertilizers, new seed technology and advancing mechanization. Farm equipment will be one of the key factors in increasing farm productivity in the years to come. AGCO has a powerful global platform to capitalize on a strengthening demand for agricultural equipment. The achievement of long-term economic, social and environmental sustainability goes hand-in-hand with our mission to provide high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world. We aim to promote excellence in our employees through engagement, training and development. We strive to promote good citizenship and strong ethics, while keeping our employees' needs paramount.

Our customers remain central to what we do, with their profitability the key driving force behind the demand for our products. We would like to thank them for their continued brand loyalty and wish them every success for 2012. I would also like to extend my personal thanks to our employees and dealers for their ongoing dedication and for the critically important role they continue to play in accomplishing AGCO's outstanding results. Lastly, I thank my fellow shareholders for your continued confidence and support. 2012 is expected to be another year of strong performance and we will build on the successful foundations put in place over the past several years. With healthy farm economics, record results and strategic investments to strengthen our long-term growth, it is truly an exciting time to be part of AGCO.

Martin Richenhagen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

We know agriculture We support your farm We help feed the world
05

investing in solutions
06

