Fellow Shareholders,
As the world looks for ways to feed another two billion people over the coming decades, AGCO's goal of providing high-tech solutions to farmers feeding the world presents us with tremendous opportunities. 2012 was one of great accomplishment for AGCO, despite a challenging year globally with difficult weather, turbulent economies and volatile financial markets. We delivered record financial results while increasing productivity, improving our product offering and expanding our developing market capabilities. All are highly positive achievements that fuel our ambitions and focus our energies. Financial results Since becoming President and CEO in 2004, I have focused on increasing our profitability, strengthening our balance sheet and growing our global reach. Our 2012 financial results reflect strong progress in all three areas. AGCO's sales reached nearly $10 billion in 2012, growing over 13% compared to 2011. Adjusted earnings per share rose to $5.25 compared to $4.48 in 2011. Near record farm income in the U.S. boosted demand for high-horsepower equipment. AGCO leveraged the markets' strength and, helped by our new GSI business, achieved a sales increase in North America of 46% compared to 2011 levels. AGCO's Europe/Africa/ Middle East sales grew approximately 12% on a constant currency basis compared to 2011. In South America, positive farm incomes and favorable financing programs produced strong industry demand, helping generate net sales of nearly $1.9 billion. During 2012, we also increased our investments in research and development, factory productivity and new market development while generating over $325 million in free cash flow. Improved Production Capabilities Our financial strength has allowed us to make important investments in manufacturing plants around the world. Last September, a new Fendt tractor assembly facility went on-line in Germany, reflecting our optimism about the potential for higher horsepower equipment and our Fendt brand. Earlier in the year, production of Challenger and Massey Ferguson high-horsepower wheeled tractors commenced at our newly expanded Jackson, Minnesota facility, accompanied by the opening of the new state-of-the-art IntivitySM Visitor Center. Growth in Developing Markets AGCO made great strides in strengthening its position in Africa where there is a pressing need to increase food production. Our Massey Ferguson brand has over 50 years of experience in Africa, forging alliances with governments, foreign investors and donors to improve the continent's agricultural practices. In January, we hosted our inaugural Africa Summit followed in March 2012, by the opening of our first model farm in Zambia for training local farmers and our dealers. In August 2012, a joint venture was formed in Algeria for the production of Massey Ferguson branded tractors for sale into the local market. AGCO's sales in Africa were up over 39% in 2012 on a constant currency basis compared to the previous year.

China is a huge user of small and mid-size low technology agricultural tractors, most being locally produced. AGCO is taking another major step to more actively participate in China with a new manufacturing plant, currently under construction. In addition to building tractors for the local market, the new plant will supply components and sub-assemblies globally for our new mid-size tractor platform. Investing in Technology As a pure-play agriculture company, AGCO's research and development is focused entirely on agricultural innovations. From hybrid combine harvesters to telemetry-based tracking systems, AGCO provides farmers worldwide with the precision technology they need to satisfy the growing demand for food and fuel. To counter rising input costs, our machines are performing better, for longer and with greater reliability than ever before. These successes are supported by AGCO's new technology strategy, strengthening the link between growers and their trusted AGCO equipment and service providers. AGCO operates within an industry where real-time asset management and data monitoring are crucial. We are committed to the development of advanced software and systems that will help customers better understand, control and manage their AGCO machines and their businesses. To feed the world in the future, AGCO recognizes that precision farming technologies are essential to reducing costs and improving efficiencies and results. We are accelerating the introduction of such technologies across our product offerings. Focused on Margin Improvement As part of AGCO's strategic planning, we remain focused on improving return on invested capital. The key to this is growing our operating margins towards a long-term target of 10%. Actions being pursued include reducing purchased material costs, increasing factory productivity and accelerating the development of new higher margin products. Sales growth is also an important element of margin improvement, to be achieved by doing more business in emerging markets, building even better products and improving distribution and customer support. Capital Allocation With a strong financial position and a positive outlook, AGCO initiated the return of cash to shareholders through two avenues. The first came in July 2012 with a share repurchase plan, the primary purpose being to limit dilution resulting from our equity incentive plans. In 2012, we repurchased approximately $18 million of AGCO stock. Another important step followed in January 2013 when we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.10 starting on March 15, 2013. Corporate Stewardship AGCO is committed to achieving sustainable and profitable growth by offering innovative high quality products supported by superior customer service. Corporate sustainability goals have been established for each stage in our products' lifecycle. Conserving resources and increasing energy efficiency is a central focus for our manufacturing plants. We have conducted operational assessments in order to formulate investments aimed at reducing the consumption of energy. This level of environmental efficiency also drives AGCO's quest to enhance our machines' fuel efficiency and reduce emissions. We continue to invest in R&D and product development in order to help farmers increase agricultural output while reducing their environmental footprint. In addition, we aim to promote excellence in our employees through open communication, diversity, training and development. AGCO's Future Priorities Opportunities exist for both 2013 and the longer term. Although considerable work lies ahead, our products are generating excitement throughout the agricultural industry. Our strategic plan includes initiatives to grow sales and boost margins. We are making investments to develop, upgrade and streamline our product ranges. We are seeking to take advantage of important opportunities in developing markets while continuing to grow our recently acquired businesses. Our sound financial position allows us to make the significant investments necessary to execute our ambitious plans, underpinning and strengthening AGCO's Focus Forward. Finally, I want to thank our customers and dealers for their business and their support, our shareholders for their confidence in our Company, and our 20,000 employees worldwide for their dedication. It is AGCO's people who are turning our vision into reality everywhere we do business, every day.

Martin Richenhagen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

04 www.agcocorp.com

Your Agriculture Company 05

