To O u r S t o c k h o l d e r s

Robert J. Ratliff Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

March 18, 2003

As one of the world's leading manufacturers of agricultural equipment, AGCO faced a variety of obstacles last year in a very challenging world economy. However, I am pleased to report that our proven business strategies and faithful execution allowed us to record impressive achievements and provide for continued growth in the future.

WORKING TRUE TO PLAN
Our overall success in 2002 is a testament to the hard work of AGCO personnel and management around the world. By working true to plan, we were able to deliver significant financial results. These include: · a 15% increase in sales worldwide · an increase in Earnings Per Share (EPS) from $0.52 in 2001 to $1.17 in 2002 (excluding special items) · continued gross margin improvement through cost reduction programs · positive cash flow above plan As we continue to make gains in the marketplace, we will ensure that our success translates into significant rewards for our shareholders.

TRIBUTE TO LEADERSHIP
The challenges for management in 2002 went beyond the normal issues of competitive combat and uncertain markets. Early on the company suffered the loss of two key executives and co-founders, John M. Shumejda, President & CEO and Edward R. Swingle, Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing in an airplane crash in England. It is impossible to be totally prepared for such an event, even though we have a welldefined succession plan in place. To the credit of the AGCO management team, leadership and dedication became the focus and the example in the aftermath of the tragedy. Recovery within the business team was swift and yet filled with compassion for our lost companions. One and all dedicated themselves to the successful implementation of the 2002 business plan, and I am very pleased to report that every facet of the plan was met or exceeded. Leadership development and training has received the highest priority at AGCO in order to broaden the range of diverse experience and to create a depth of management talent to accept the critical responsibilities when needed. As a result, a new succession plan is in place and a skilled and experienced management team remains a strength of the company.

2
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

KEY MARKET OVERVIEW
Although the economic forecast for 2002 suggested a slight improvement in the agricultural equipment business, AGCO was able to record a continued strong recovery from the prior recession years in key markets worldwide. North America In 2002, the North American equipment market was down nearly 15% in the high horsepower tractor market from the prior year while AGCO was up nearly 20%, and the industry was down more than 20% in combines while AGCO was up nearly 40%. A serious drought adversely affected some regions and overall equipment purchases were unexpectedly depressed. Positive economic factors did materialize in the second half of the year, such as higher commodity prices, lower surplus of commodities, lower interest rates, higher farm debt capacity and a new U.S. Farm Bill. These factors should continue into 2003 and the outlook is for a return to an improved farm economy that should stimulate increased equipment purchases. Europe/Africa/Middle East The markets recovered from the negative aspects of the animal diseases in the prior year and unit sales of tractors and combines gained approximately 5% compared to the prior year. Recovery was strong in the major markets of the United Kingdom, France and Germany. Continued strength in our Fendt tractor line, growing recognition of our Massey Ferguson high horsepower tractors and several new product introductions helped AGCO maintain its strong market share. The Middle East markets for agricultural equipment were depressed as a result of the nearby hostilities and heightened concern over potential war in Iraq. It is impractical to forecast the market effects here as long as the uncertainty for peace continues.
Sales By Geographic Region

South America The South American market led by Brazil continued its dynamic growth with tractor sales increasing approximately 16% with the availability of government subsidized retail financing for farm equipment. The advent of a new government reinforced the value of these programs to the Brazilian economy as they were continued through 2003. Argentina has been a very depressed market in recent years and pent-up demand is generating some market improvement. The balance of South America remains a stronghold for AGCO distribution. East Asia & Pacific The markets were negatively impacted by a record drought in Australia and a weakened

3
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

L E T T E R To S t o c k h o l d e r s

economy in Japan. Although farm income was severely diminished in 2002, an improved weather pattern in Australia could lead a modest recovery in 2003 for the region. In the global market, 2002 industry unit sales were down against the prior year, primarily as a result of the declines in North America. In 2003, AGCO projects the world markets will have a relatively flat demand with some improvements in North America to offset negative factors elsewhere. The economic factors in the United States are very positive and it is likely that this major market will recover from the declines of 2002. In summary, AGCO Corporation is pleased to report significant improvement in many areas of the business in 2002, in spite of a flat market demand and fierce competition. For the last two years, management has initiated a specific strategy with a goal of achieving an EPS of $3.00 in the year 2004 ­ assuming flat market demand throughout the period. Thus, our strategy is not dependent upon greater market demand. On the contrary, to accomplish this task we focused on specific initiatives that would reduce product costs, operating expenses and interest costs. Other initiatives focused on achieving improved distribution, new products, technology and more efficient management methods. Our strategy is on track and the results of 2002 demonstrate our progress in "working true to plan."

THE VALUE OF HARD WORK
Despite the many economic and geopolitical challenges of 2002 ­ including intense scrutiny of corporate ethics and accounting in the U.S. following high profile scandals ­ AGCO management remained extremely focused on improving earnings and delivering more value to our stockholders. Selected results include: · Net sales for the full year were $2.9 billion ­ an increase of nearly 15% over 2001. · Operating income, excluding restructuring expenses and restricted stock compensation expense, for the full year was $190.8 million compared to $116.8 million in 2001. · Free cash flow for the year was a source of cash of $18.0 million compared to $185.5 million in 2001. Cash flow was negatively impacted by our working capital investment in the new distribution network of Caterpillar dealers gained by the acquisition of Caterpillar's Challenger brand of products. · Full-year earnings per share (EPS) excluding restructuring expenses, restricted stock compensation expense, a non-cash deferred tax adjustment and a cumulative effect in accounting principle was $1.17 per share in 2002 compared to $0.52 per share in 2001.

REDUCING COSTS, MAXIMIZING SALES
Throughout the company, specific initiatives were being addressed to maximize sales and reduce product and operating costs. The key components of product cost reduction

4
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

were focused on ensuring the projected savings from prior factory rationalizations. Since 2000, the company has closed five factories in North America and consolidated these into two operations; we have closed three factories in South America and consolidated these into two. In 2002, the company announced the closing of the Coventry plant in the UK and the Kempten plant in Germany. Recently we announced the closure of our DeKalb, Illinois plant. While it is extremely difficult to conclude the closing of any facility, the closing of Coventry, a long-standing centerpiece of the Massey Ferguson brand, was a very difficult decision. Unfortunately, the trend in market demand toward higher horsepower products had taken its toll on production levels at Coventry and utilization had fallen below levels required to maintain profitability. The closure of the Coventry plant alone is anticipated to generate $20 million to $25 million in savings annually, as well as, assure a more competitive cost structure in the marketplace. Sales and marketing support functions in Coventry will remain in the current location. Production was relocated to Canoas, Brazil and Beauvais, France where plant utilization is now near 100%. Utilization of common platforms for different brand products, lower plant overhead costs and the lower currency exchange for Brazilian production will contribute greatly to increased margins. The resulting lower cost base will provide significant competitive advantages in the marketplace. New management systems were launched that alter the costly conditions created by a decade of acquisitions that limited universal communications and processing management. The new system will be totally operational by mid 2003 and will reduce administrative costs and aid in the management of receivables and inventories to a less capital-intensive level.
Earnings Per Share
Excludes the special items discussed in footnote 1 in our Selected Financial Information on Page 15

ACQUISITIONS
A major development in March 2002 was the acquisition of the Challenger track tractor business from Caterpillar Inc. This represents a significant growth opportunity for AGCO through several opportunities. AGCO agreed to purchase the agricultural track tractor business and technology with tractors from 185 to 500 horsepower. The business includes the new design of the MT 700 and MT 800 series product, dedicated production and engineering facilities and Caterpillar cooperation for long-term manufacturing and product development. The agreement also includes the ownership of the "Challenger" brand name, the use of the CAT logo on the Challenger track tractors, and the authorized distribution of any AGCO product through the CAT dealer network with unrestricted market access throughout the world.

5
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

L E T T E R To S t o c k h o l d e r s

The access of farm equipment distribution through the CAT dealer network gave birth to a new strategy that would expand the Challenger brand from only a track tractor offering to a full line of farm equipment labeled with the Challenger brand. This farm equipment would include a range of combines, four-wheel-drive rubber tire tractors from 50-250 horsepower, and a line of hay tools. Shipments of the track tractors began in July, and other products in the line such as hay tools, compact tractors and some of the rubber tire four-wheel-drive tractors were also delivered to dealers in the second half of the year. Initial sales for this limited period were approximately $110 million and user deliveries were above expectations. The outlook for the continued growth of this new business segment exceeds our original projections, and we have forecasted annual sales levels of $500 million by 2005. During 2002, AGCO has focused on establishing the CAT distribution network throughout the world. In North America, 50 distributors have signed and 45 distributors outside of North America are expected to sign by the end of 2003. Each distributor represents an average of ten outlets per distributor and thus large areas of the market are represented by one distributor. We believe this alternative diversification for the CAT dealer will become a major success and establish the CAT dealer as a leading supplier of farm equipment products, especially in the emerging broad acre and corporate farms. In the fourth quarter, AGCO completed the purchase of Sunflower Manufacturing Company, Inc., a tillage manufacturer and distributor of significant reputation in the North American market. While this company provides better than average returns on its current revenue base, it is anticipated that the product line technology can be expanded for use on the Challenger track tractor high horsepower products. In addition, the expertise in the Sunflower facility will be utilized to incorporate specific manufacturing operations for other AGCO factories. Although this is a small acquisition in terms of revenue base, the strategic value and contribution margin are of great value.

DISTRIBUTION LEVERAGE
In support of the long-term plan, 2002 marked the beginning of an extended period of new product introductions that not only incorporate new technology, but also redefine product specifications to more appropriately focus specific brands on the market segments for which they have been designed. New product introductions in tractors, combines, planters, hay tools, sprayers and implements will more clearly define product champions for the Premium range, the Full Featured range and the Standard range. This higher definition of our multiple-brand marketing strategy will improve distribution costs, production simplicity, dealer profitability and aid in the reduction of working capital. This defined approach to market segments has generated new dealer representations and broader market coverage. The role of the distributor or dealer has always been a critical success factor at AGCO and our Continuing Improvement Program for dealers has addressed needed changes to facilitate increased sales and dealer profitability.

6
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

STAYING TRUE TO OUR PRINCIPLES
Over the past decade, AGCO has completed twenty acquisitions that have been quickly rationalized and incorporated into our business. Acquisitions have become a core competency and therefore we expect to continue strategic acquisitions that provide either new technology or market advantage. In all such matters, we follow a specific discipline wherein we require that the acquisition offer a potential 15% return on investment, that it be accretive to earnings within one year and that any debt requirements in the transaction be paid down to achieve less than 45% debt-to-capital ratio within one year. Obviously, some acquisitions provide better or faster results than others; however, we are proud of the AGCO track record in building a profitable business that achieves increased shareholder value. In closing, let me address an issue of prime importance in all years ­ ethical corporate conduct. In 2002, corporate America was subject to severe public and government scrutiny to ensure that the custodians of public companies were conducting business according to the established laws of the land. At AGCO, we are proud of the ethical conduct of our employees, managers, officers and the Board of Directors. Since our inception, we have taken extra measures to ensure the full disclosure of our activities, policies and accounting practices. Our Board of Directors is diverse and independent and their high performance standards have been instrumental in guiding our development and business practices. AGCO was the first corporation in the State of Georgia to certify its accounting reports. In addition to this annual report, our proxy statement, and the filing of Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K with the SEC, we will maintain a full disclosure report on our web site at www.agcocorp.com. In addition, we invite your inquiries on any subject and if permitted by law we will respond promptly and accurately. The management team at AGCO is dedicated to provide a clear vision of the business, to develop and implement strategies that generate improved earnings and to provide profitable growth. I have full confidence in the ability of the management team, the principles guiding our strategy and our resolve to increase shareholder value in a consistent manner. Thank you for your support of the company.

Robert J. Ratliff Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

7
AGCO Corporation 2002 Annual Report

