To Our Stockholders, 
March 17, 2005

This is my first Annual Report letter to AGCO stockholders, and I am pleased to have this opportunity to communicate with you and discuss our business achievements in 2004. 

First, though, allow me to speak on behalf of every AGCO employee and acknowledge the exceptional contributions of my predecessor, Mr. Robert J. Ratliff. We are grateful for this proactive leadership and enlightened corporate governance that has made our Company a global leader in our industry. 

As one of the world's leading manufacturers and distributors of agricultural equipment, AGCO confronts many different challenges in different markets each year. Last year was no exception. However, thanks to the hard work of our dealers, employees, and management, I am pleased to report another year of rewarding financial results, including:
- Adjusted earnings per share was $1.87 in 2004 compared to $1.25 in 2003(before adoption of a new accounting rule). See footnote three on page 15. 
-Net sales for 2004 increased 51% over 2003 to approximately $5.3 billion, the highest level achieved in the history of the Company. 
-We continued gross margin improvement through increased production volume and improved productivity. 
-We demonstrated strong free cash flow of $187.5 million which contributed to an improved balance sheet and net debt to capital ration of 37% at year's end. 

Strategic Acquisitions
Our acquisition of Valtra tractors and their SisuDiesel engine business in 2004 was a significant event un our Company's history. Valtra, based in Finland, is a leading brand in the Nordic region and is also well established in Brazil. Valtra is an excellent complement to our leading brands in Western Europe and gives AGCO a stronger competitive position in the overall market. Their longstanding and successful presence in Brazil also strengthens our market position in a region that presents significant opportunity for future growth. 

The SisuDiesel engine business provides another important opportunity. These high-performance, low-emissions engines can be used in a variety of AGCO tractors to improve performance and reduce costs. The after-market parts and service business also offers more opportunity for our dealers and the Company than outsourcing from competitive suppliers. 

Valtra had a positive impact on 2004 financial results, and we anticipate a much greater impact in the future as we continue to leverage the positive synergy between Valtra and AGCO companies. More details are presented in a special section of this Annual Report. 

Record Sales in Multiple Markets
AGCO performed well in all major markets last year. Unit retail sales of tractors and combines were higher in key regions for the full year of 2004 over 2003. 

In North America, equipment demand improved significantly over prior years as farmers enjoyed record harvests, strong commodity prices, and tax incentives. In South America, the market in 2004 remained strong, driven by high farm income. However, we saw some softening in demand in the fourth quarter resulting from the effects of lower commodity prices and the weak dollar. In Western Europe, the end markets demonstrated mixed results but were relatively flat, as a whole, despite improved harvest yields. 

Australia, Asia, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East also reported higher sales over 2003. 

Worldwide Corporate Initiatives
Our profitable growth in 2004 reflects the success of key initiatives we have established worldwide. These initiatives continue to provide impressive results and they may be grouped according to two general objectives: productivity improvement and revenue growth. 

We seek productivity improvement to meet the rising demand of professional farmers worldwide for reliable equipment at a competitive value. Various initiatives support this objective. We continue to minimize the number of platforms we use in our products without compromising our customers' requirements or true brand differentiation. AGCO's use of common platforms creates a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and significantly lowers our costs of design and manufacturing. We are streamlining our cost structure through purchasing initiates and also by leveraging synergies created by the Valtra acquisition. 

We continue to simplify all aspects of our business in order to enhance efficiency, and profits. This may include information systems, internal business processes, the number of equipment models of versions of products offered and migrating our dealer network to fewer and larger dealerships. In addition, we are improving asset utilization through reductions of working capital, outsourcing initiates and plans that achieve optimal vertical integration for each of our plants. 

A number of initiatives support revenue growth. We seek to capitalize on geographic regions with vast potential, such as Brazil(with approximately 220 million acres of additional land available for agricultural operations). Russia, and Central and Eastern Europe. Our product development is focused on delivering innovative, high-value equipment that supports our multi-brand and segmentation strategies. 

The Valtra acquisition is a good example of AGCO's strategy to acquire companies that enhance product development, market share, and dealer offerings. We are working to consolidate and strengthen dealers for a more efficient, profitable distribution network. Our Challenger products and dealerships offer a vital opportunity for growing revenues and increasing market share worldwide (especially in North America where our efforts are focused today).

In addition, we have carefully positioned AGCO brands to continue our success in meeting customer demand in key market segments with differentiated products that deliver AGCO innovation, reliability, and value. 

Efficiency by Design
A key component of our business strategy is an ongoing commitment to cost control. For example, we implemented core process redesign in a number of AGCO factories in 2004, including Beauvais, France, and Canoas, Brazil to maximize production efficiencies. Improved productivity and supply chain performance contributed to better product availability and higher margins. 

In 2004, we also implemented the restructuring of our combine manufacturing operations in Randers, Denmark. The restructuring plan reduced the cost and complexity of the Randers manufacturing operation by simplifying the model range and outsourcing the majority of parts and components while retaining critical assembly operations on high-specification, high-value combines. This action enables us to reduce costs and provide AGCO dealers and distributors in Europe with a more competitive line of combine harvesters. 

A World of Opportunity
We recognize the challenges ahead in 2005, but focus on the significant opportunities for growth. We anticipate retail sales conditions to be mixed with a meaningful decline in our South American sales due to lower commodity prices, increasing input costs and the weak dollar-all having an impact on the soybean sector and delaying farm expansion. 

Today, we are focused on offsetting the impact of the decline in South America and we are taking important actions to ensure our future growth. We plan to leverage our improved level of profitability by increasing our investments in product development and cost reduction projects which are expected to improve our competitive position and productivity. 

We plan to fund a 20% increase in engineering expense in 2005 to accelerate new product introductions, common product platform desigs, and the expansion of the Company's SisuDiesel engine production. In addition, we are focusing on improving our distribution and customer support network in all our markets. We believe these initiatives will enable AGCO to achieve profitable growth through superior customer service, innovation, quality, and commitment. 

Moreover, AGCO is entering a new era. We have reached a sufficient size and scale where we can now focus on leveraging the positive synergies in our business. As President and CEO, I look forward to building on the legacy of leadership that has made AGCO brands highly valued around the world. I'm confident of our continued success in 2005 and in the future. 

Looking ahead, we see a world of opportunity. Population growth is advancing in many areas of the world and in these areas there is increasing demand for higher quality food-and reliable and efficient tools to help farmers produce high-quality food. In addition, agricultural products such as corn are increasingly being utilized to provide alternative sources of energy. With rising demand for agricultural products and increasing restrictions on available land, professional farmers, must improve efficiency and productivity-and AGCO is ready to help. We're fulfilling our vision to provide "high-tech solutions for professional farmers feeding the world."

As we continue to pursue new opportunities in the global marketplace, we believe that our efforts will translate into significant value for you, our stockholders. 

