 one of allergan’s best Years eVer.
   “As we enter 2008, the outlook
for Allergan is bright.”
      To Our Investors
Since I was appointed as Allergan’s third CEO 10 years ago, 2007 was the most spectacular year for growth and the achievement of many successes on a broad front. In 2007, we reached almost $3.9 billion in sales and recorded the largest annual sales increase in almost 60 years of operations — with an increase of $869 million over 2006. In the fourth quarter, we also enjoyed our first quarter ever with more than $1 billion in sales.
Our investments into the LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System, the JUVÉDERMTM dermal filler family of products and the NATRELLETM Collection and INSPIRA® silicone gel-filled breast implants yielded strong sales and growth rates that fully justified the price we paid for Inamed Corporation (acquired March 2006) and Groupe Laboratoires Cornéal in France (acquired January 2007). Coupling these products with BOTOX® Cosmetic (marketed as VISTABEL®/VISTABEX® in Europe) made Allergan the largest company in the new medical aesthetics market worldwide, and indeed in every continent. With a broad and unmatched line of attractive products and the largest sales force serving dermatologists, plastic surgeons and other aesthetic specialist physicians, Allergan has played the role of locomotive. We are creating and leading these markets which are responding to the global mega-trends of the desire to remain active and to look better and more youthful as the world’s population ages. The response to our new products, as well as to our investments
in direct-to-consumer advertising and many other sales and marketing programs worldwide, has been quite extraordinary. We estimate that the world market has accelerated in growth. (See related chart on page 5.)
Overall, the Allergan Medical division we created following the Inamed acquisition in mid-2006 realized 2007 sales of $771 million and grew a spectacular 53 percent on a pro forma basis, which includes Inamed and Cornéal pre-acquisition sales in 2006. (See related chart on page 6.) Thanks to strong focus in each individual business, depth of management talent and attention to operational details, the considerable successes of Allergan Medical did not distract from our core pharmaceutical operations. Allergan’s
®
pharmaceutical businesses (including all of BOTOX sales) also increased a
strong 18 percent over 2006, an enviable result in the global pharmaceutical industry which has been recently challenged with growth problems.
(1)
MARKET GROWTH YEAR-TO-DATE (1)
The obesity intervention market grew at 54 percent
The dermal filler market grew at 37 percent
The neuromodulator market grew at 22 percent
The breast aesthetics market grew at 20 percent
Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated
marketing research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc. for U.S. dollar growth at actual rates year-to-date from January 2007 through September 2007.
(2)
Size of World Market ($ millions)(2) $300
$600 $1,400 $700
Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, Internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc. U.S. dollar sales at actual rates rounded to nearest $100 million for 12 months ending September 2007.
For the sixth consecutive year, Allergan has been the fastest-growing global eye care company,(1) driven by a wide range of products, but principally by the glaucoma and dry eye franchises. For us, the most important U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of the year was COMBIGANTM, a fixed combination of ALPHAGAN® and timolol, the culmination of no less than five clinical studies by Allergan and the first time that the FDA had approved a fixed combination in nine years. As glaucoma treatment worldwide is migrating to the increased use of fixed combinations, we foresee a unique opportunity in the United States for COMBIGANTM.
Other key research and development (R&D) milestones were the FDA filing of LUMIGAN® X, a next generation LUMIGAN®, and filings with the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of LUMIGAN®.
steadY and continUoUs inVestMent for tHe long terM
We are also pleased that we delivered on our commitments to stockholders, recording diluted earnings per share of $2.18, an increase
of 19 percent over 2006.(2) This result was achieved while we continued to invest vigorously in the long-term growth and innovation of the company. In 2007, we invested $646 million in R&D, a growth of 36 percent over 2006 and the largest increase in Allergan’s history.(3) This robust R&D investment comes as we progress many programs through the most expensive phase of clinical development, Phase III, and also bring several new compounds out of the research laboratories and into human clinical trials. We also invested heavily in sales and marketing, with selling, general and administrative expenditures increasing by 29 percent.(2) Relative to the plans we established at the time of the Inamed and Cornéal acquisitions, we substantially increased our sales and marketing investments as we fully grasped the growth potential of the medical aesthetics markets and in the opportunity for substantial value creation.
(1) Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): 48 countries roll-up. Q3 2007, in constant currency for the trailing 12 months, as of September 2007. (Fastest growing among the major eye care companies. Excludes retinal therapeutics where Allergan’s R&D candidates have not yet been commercialized.)
(2) Adjusted in 2007 and in 2006 for several items principally relating to the accounting treatment of our Inamed, Cornéal, EndoArt and Esprit Pharma acquisitions, merger-related integration and transition costs, restructuring costs and the streamlining of our pharmaceutical operations in Europe. For a complete reconciliation of earnings per share, see page 2.
(3) Excludes in-process research and development charges related to the acquisitions of Inamed and EndoArt and other non-GAAP adjustments. See reconciliation of non-GAAP adjustments to research and development expense on page 20.
In 2007, we completed the full integration of the Inamed and Cornéal operations worldwide, exceeding the planned cost synergies. In addition, we made two further acquisitions: EndoArt in Switzerland, which is intended to bring us the next generation of gastric bands with a unique telemetric technology; and Esprit Pharma in New Jersey, which provides
us with a strong platform in a new urologics specialty in the United States. In anticipation of the likely approval of BOTOX® for incontinence by the FDA, European Medicines Evaluation Agency and other regulatory agencies worldwide, the acquisition of Esprit Pharma provides us with the ability
to become experts in the urology specialty. Ultimately we plan to offer a continuum of care for overactive bladder (OAB) that commences with an oral anticholinergic agent and concludes with BOTOX® treatment, which is currently under investigation in the United States for the treatment of OAB. In less than three months we completed the integration of Esprit Pharma, closing the New Jersey office in December 2007, while retaining and expanding the urologics sales force. In January 2008, we launched SANCTURA XRTM, a best-in-class anticholinergic, in the United States.
Operating cash flow post capital expenditures was a strong $651 million which led to a high cash balance of over $1.1 billion even after we had expended almost $700 million in 2007 for the Cornéal, EndoArt and Esprit Pharma acquisitions. This demonstrates the strategic flexibility that we still maintain for other value-creating acquisitions and licensing transactions.
While we like to create market-leading franchises on our own, we also keenly evaluate where we can achieve even greater results by collaborating with a limited number of partners. In 2007, we entered into a co-promotion arrangement in the United States with Covidien Ltd., formerly Tyco Healthcare, for the LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System. This increases our depth and frequency of calls to bariatric surgeons as we counter the 2008 launch of a competitive gastric band from Ethicon Endo-Surgery, a Johnson & Johnson company. In 2008, we entered into
a long-term strategic partnership in the United States with Clinique Laboratories, LLC with the goal of establishing a clear leadership position in another fast-growing segment of the medical aesthetics market — physician-dispensed skin care products, which are complementary to
existing aesthetic procedures. The Clinique brand is the number-one prestige North American cosmetics brand with a strong dermatology heritage. We believe that combining the strength of the Clinique brand and Clinique’s formulation expertise with Allergan’s knowledge of the medical aesthetics market and distribution power will lead to market expansion and a leadership position. This special Clinique product line, developed for dermatologists and plastic surgeons and only available in these channels,
is expected to launch by the fall of 2008. strategic strengtH
Allergan is in a unique position in the health care industry due to its diversified portfolio of pharmaceutical, medical device and over-the counter products. The common characteristics are high-growth potential and strong market positions, in most cases globally, within these specialty markets. A further strength is our diversity of payors, with roughly one- third of our revenues being medical aesthetics products that are paid electively out-of-pocket by the patient or consumer. While we have strong positions in Medicare Part D and in national formularies, primarily in Europe, the outlook for pricing and rebates is challenging for all participants in the pharmaceutical industry. As the pharmaceutical industry contends with an evolving and risk-averse regulatory environment, Allergan is
less exposed given the generally lower risks of drugs delivered topically versus systemically.
Our overall sales are currently growing around 20 percent year-over-year given the extraordinary growth of the markets we service. As we factor in the arrival of competition in the gastric band and neuromodulator businesses, we believe there are significant growth opportunities as these markets are stimulated by the new competition as well as by our competitive responses.
The many drivers of our growth in 2007 have been diverse. (See related chart on page 6.)
    4 allergan annual report 2007
allergan annual report 2007 5

 DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT LINE: Broad Sources of Growth BOTOX® (1)
BOTOX® Cosmetic (1) RESTASIS®
LUMIGAN® Franchise ALPHAGAN® Franchise Skin Care
All Other (2)
Breast Aesthetics (3) Obesity Intervention (3) Facial Aesthetics (3) Product Net Sales (4)
FY 2007 vs. FY 2006
Considerable investment in direct-to-consumer (DTC) advertising, principally in the United States, supported the growth of many of our franchises. At gross billing rates, we spent approximately $180 million on BOTOX® Cosmetic, JUVÉDERMTM, LAP-BAND®, RESTASIS® and the NATRELLETM Collection.(6) Complementing these DTC efforts, we executed integrated public relations campaigns to educate our key constituents and generate favorable brand awareness and receptivity to commercial messaging through grassroots initiatives and robust media platforms. These programs included celebrity partnerships, such as with actress Virginia Madsen for BOTOX® Cosmetic and JUVÉDERMTM, and Khaliah Ali, the daughter of Muhammad Ali for LAP-BAND®, as well as programs
to facilitate informed treatment decisions. For example, we invested heavily in a first-of-its kind educational Web site in partnership with an independent expert group of researchers, scientists and physicians to address women’s outstanding questions about the science and safety of silicone breast implants.
In 2007, sales of the LAP-BAND® System and the BIBTM Intragastric Balloon, a product with modest sales available outside the United States, increased 54 percent over 2006 on a pro forma basis which includes Inamed pre-acquisition sales in 2006. (See related chart on page 6.) Sales grew well over 20 percent in every region and even stronger in the United States where we made dramatic investments into this large unmet medical need by greatly expanding our sales force to provide training and service to a larger group of bariatric and other specialized surgeons, securing major improvements in managed care and government payors’ coverage, and increasing patient awareness of LAP-BAND® through national DTC television advertising and educational campaigns.
constant searcH for greater efficiencY
Even though we are experiencing a rapidly expanding revenue base, we constantly search for ways to lower our cost of goods and improve operating efficiency.
We acquired three plants in the 2006 Inamed acquisition and have announced plans to streamline manufacturing into one state-of-the-art facility in Costa Rica. Having foreseen the transition of the dermal filler market from collagen to hyaluronic acid fillers, we announced in early 2007 the closure of our collagen manufacturing plant in Fremont, California, effective before the end of 2008 with what we believe will be sufficient supplies manufactured to supply our worldwide needs until 2010. In early 2008, we announced plans to close one of our two breast implant manufacturing sites in Arklow, Ireland, and transition all manufacturing by the end of 2009 to our new, state-of-the-art facility in Costa Rica, which also manufactures the global supply of our LAP-BAND® and BIBTM Systems.
In addition to these manufacturing projects, we announced in early
2008 a long-term contract to outsource our global data centers with one of the leading specialists in the industry, Affiliated Computer Services, Inc., to realize certain cost benefits and focus our information technology resources on our evolving software and business information needs of our growing company. We are also seeking greater cost efficiencies for
(6)
patients enrolled in clinical trials, having created a global clinical development organization. This will entail a greater number of clinical investigation sites in Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia. In addition, we established an R&D center in Bangalore, India, in 2007. Furthermore, we are implementing an electronic procurement system in 2008 that is designed to drive purchasing efficiencies.
As we enter 2008, the outlook for Allergan is bright. We have strong growth momentum in our markets and are also preparing to file a record number of New Drug Applications with the FDA — an expression of return on the resources invested in R&D.
+ 19% + 29% + 28% + 20% + 15% - 12% + 10% + 30% + 54% + 102%
+ $95m + $135m + $74m + $64m + $46m - $15m + $61m + $70m + $95m + $102m
Specialty Pharma Sales (2)
Core Medical Devices (3)
+ 18%
+ 53% + 23%
+ $460m
+ $267m + $727m
                 (1) Estimated growth rates and the breakout between sales of BOTOX® and BOTOX® Cosmetic are subjectively determined based on management estimates and may not be indicative of actual amounts.
(2) Excludes Urologics. GAAP sales for all other brands including Urologics increased $67 million, or 11% in
2007. Total sales for Specialty Pharmaceuticals under GAAP increased $466 million, or 18% in 2007.
(3) Includes the prior year impact of pre-acquisition sales for Inamed and Cornéal. GAAP sales for 2007
ManageMent focUs on innoVation
The greatest attention of management is to further strengthen our R&D pipeline to deliver new products for the beginning of the next decade both by internal development, supplemented by external licensing of pharmaceutical compounds and medical device technologies, and acquisi- tions. We contemplate several major opportunities in a number of areas, such as:
• Eye Care — We are preparing to enter the market of retinal therapeutics, the fastest-growing segment worldwide with the greatest unmet medical need.(4) Further potential exists for technological improvements in glaucoma and dry eye treatment.
• Pain Therapeutics — Physicians have an unmet need for new agents that are not addictive and low in cognitive impairment.
• New Generations of Neuromodulators — These are needed to offer physicians new treatment modalities.
a Year of strong eXecUtion
While the U.S. businesses grew a strong 26 percent in total, sales outside the United States increased even more rapidly at 36 percent. With the sole exception of our U.S. medical dermatology business, which suffered a poor year with a decline of 12 percent due primarily to the launch of competitive products, every other business grew at least double digits worldwide and in every major geographic operating region. A co-promotion agreement for TAZORAC® with Stiefel Laboratories will help address the medical dermatology challenge.
In ophthalmic pharmaceuticals we gained share in almost every major market worldwide due to our strong performance in glaucoma led by LUMIGAN®, the resilience of ALPHAGAN®, and the launches and growth of COMBIGANTM and GANFORTTM (a fixed combination of LUMIGAN®
increased $121 million, or 68%, for Breast Aesthetics, $128 million, or 90%, for Obesity Intervention and $151 million, or 289%, for Facial Aesthetics. Total sales for Core Medical Devices under GAAP increased $400 million, or 108% in 2007.
(4) Excludes the impact of adjustments detailed in notes 2 and 3 and the current year impact of $3 million in Other medical devices sales. Total product net sales under GAAP increased $869 million, or 29% in 2007.
and timolol available outside the United States); as well as by further strong uptake of RESTASIS®, our pioneering therapy for dry eye, and the artificial tears line led by REFRESH® and OPTIVETM, our latest innovation in tear technology.
Overall, BOTOX® continued its remarkable track record of growth at 23 percent over 2006 achieving 2007 sales of over $1.2 billion and, in fact, grew faster outside the United States where competition to BOTOX® already exists. The therapeutic franchise accelerated from its path of mid double-digit growth to 19 percent. BOTOX® Cosmetic increased 29 percent, with all regions growing at over 20 percent, benefiting from the synergies of Allergan’s broad range of medical aesthetics products.(5) BOTOX® Cosmetic accounted for 50 percent of 2007 sales for the BOTOX® franchise. During the year, we dedicated additional management resources to addressing many new burgeoning markets in Asia and Eastern Europe.
Due to the market position of BOTOX® and the complementary nature
of dermal filler treatments, JUVÉDERMTM enjoyed a strong launch in the United States, Canada and Australia and has been rapidly catching up
with the market leader. In Europe, we relaunched our dermal filler line in early 2008 under the JUVÉDERMTM banner following the full integration
of the Cornéal operation into our facial aesthetics sales and marketing organization. In the United States and Canada, our silicone breast aesthetics line under the NATRELLETM Collection has gained rapid acceptance as the market has been transitioning away from saline breast implants. With the latest technology silicone implants selling at approximately twice the price of saline in the United States and Canada, we expect this to be one of
our North American revenue growth drivers in the coming years. We also, however, enjoyed strong growth rates in Europe, Latin America and across most Asian countries as we successfully integrated this business line into our operations.
(4) Mixture of U.S. actual sales data from earnings releases and Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): 48 countries roll-up. Q3 2007, in constant currency for the trailing 12 months, as of September 2007.
(5) Estimated growth rates and the breakout between sales of BOTOX® and BOTOX® Cosmetic are subjectively determined based on management estimates and may not be indicative of actual amounts.
david e. i. pyott
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   I wish to recognize the exceptional hard work of thousands of employees around the globe. Whether they have joined Allergan from acquired companies, are new members of the team as we strongly expand, or are long-term Allergan employees, they have demonstrated the acumen to deliver on multiple goals as demonstrated by the
rapid and smooth integration of multiple acquisitions and the ability to constantly keep up with strategic and operational change. With our strong growth profile relative to our industry, we have with great discipline created and filled new positions with highly qualified management talent in both functions and geographic regions to strengthen our ability to execute our plans.
I wish also to thank our strong and experienced Board of Directors for their insight in connection with our acquisition transactions and projects and their value to our strategic plans as we look for further sources of innovation to fuel our long-term growth. Additionally, I am pleased to welcome our new Board member, Dawn Hudson, formerly President of PepsiCo North America, who will sharpen our consumer marketing skills.
  Source: 2007, Nielsen Media Research.
    6 allergan annual report 2007
allergan annual report 2007 7
