To Our Investors
The Value of Specialization
Allergan is a unique company in many ways. We have a high degree of specialization and focus in the medical specialties that we serve. Our deep insight into doctors’ needs – not only in the United States but worldwide – to improve the care of their patients, coupled with continuous strong investment into innovation, certainly paid rich dividends. In fact, 2010 was the best year in our 60-year history in terms of the number of major product approvals by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other regulatory agencies.
DIVERSIFIED BUSINESS SEGMENTS
FY 2010 $4.8 Billion (+8%)
71% Reimbursed 29% Cash Pay
          Allergan has a unique set of diverse businesses, spanning
biologics, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and over-the-
counter consumer products, with our efforts concentrated on
six distinct specialties, enabling us to preserve our focus while
offering revenue diversity to stakeholders. Compared to most
health care companies, Allergan is unusual in its mix of both
reimbursed treatments and cash-pay products (paid for out-of-
pocket by the patient). In 2010, this was an ideal position, with
recovery in the industrialized economies of North America
and Western Europe benefiting these cash-pay businesses and
offsetting new cost pressures from U.S. health care reform and containment of government spending in Europe. In each of our specialty fields, we established or retained the No. 1 or No. 2 market share position with the exception of urology – a business we entered only recently but in which we have already secured the No. 4 position in the U.S. market. In the coming years, we expect Allergan to be recognized as the emerging company in this specialty, given the promising strength and breadth of our pipeline.
Allergan is also far advanced compared to its specialized peers in biotech or medical devices in terms of its global geographical reach, rounding out historically strong market positions in highly industrialized countries. Today, we have sales and marketing subsidiaries in 36 countries, and in the last two years we have established direct operations in markets such as the Philippines, Turkey and Poland, with further expansion planned in other emerging markets. This approach is not new to Allergan, as we have had direct operations in India and Brazil for more than 20 years. In China and Japan, we reacquired the distribution rights to BOTOX® for aesthetic use from GlaxoSmithKline. Supplemented by distributors, Allergan today is present in more than 100 countries.
Our multi-specialty focus and global presence are enhanced by the advantage of an ideal size – large enough to lead R&D investment in our specialist fields and invest in the creation of markets and product categories, yet small enough to move quickly and nimbly. We foster agility by assigning accountability to small management teams with a unique blend of skill sets from the pharmaceutical, medical device and consumer industries. Over and over again, Allergan has led the creation of new markets such as medical aesthetics with the launch of BOTOX® Cosmetic; JUVÉDERM® XC,
4 / Allergan 2010 Annual Report
47% Ophthalmology
BOTOX® Cosmetic
5% 1% 3%
Breast Aesthetics
Obesity Intervention Urologics Skin Care
15%
BOTOX® Therapeutic
15%
2%
LATISSE®
6% Facial Aesthetics
6%
 
“ 2010 was the best year in our 60 - year history in terms of number of major product approvals by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory agencies .”
David E.I. Pyott, CEO
our dermal filler containing lidocaine; and LATISSE®, the first and only FDA-approved product to grow eyelashes. Another example is our development of the chronic dry eye market with RESTASIS®, the first and only prescription therapy for this condition. Now, with the approval of BOTOX® for chronic migraine patients by the FDA and the U.K. government, we are again in a special position, not only to alleviate the suffering of millions of patients but also to create a new category as the only focal therapy for the prophylaxis of chronic migraine.
Given our closeness to our customers and our in-depth knowledge of the markets in which we operate, execution is a key characteristic of our success. Our research knowledge in our areas of expertise allows us to generate a much higher than average rate of success in moving in-house developed compounds from pre-clinical research through to Phase III registration studies and eventual regulatory approval. It also enables Allergan to attract new technology for in-licensing from third parties.
Today, the pharmaceutical industry is heavily challenged by expiring patents and the entry of generics. Allergan is uniquely positioned to handle competition from generics. BOTOX® is one of the largest biological pharmaceuticals in both its molecular weight and complexity. While the European Medicines Evaluations Agency has approved a limited number of biosimilars and the FDA has the mandate from Congress to establish a related approval pathway, a biosimilar of BOTOX® will require considerable resources and time to develop. In ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, we have applied innovation to optimize existing drug formulations, where pH and concentration of active ingredients make a substantial difference in the product’s risk-benefit profile. These efforts have resulted in strong efficacy and improved tolerability for our glaucoma products, including ALPHAGAN® P 0.1%, LUMIGAN® 0.01% and COMBIGAN®, welcomed by doctors and their glaucoma patients.
Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the impact of our unique culture, a blend of tradition and bold, forward-looking innovation. This past year, we celebrated the 60th anniversary of the founding of Allergan by Gavin Herbert and his father, and a long tradition of first-in-class products, especially in eye care. Only three CEOs have led the company, a testament to continuity, yet balanced by a constant search for discovery, new sources of growth and ways to improve our business processes and operating efficiency. Also, as the environment in which we operate continues to evolve, it is imperative we continue to bolster our efforts to ensure our people and our practices are reflective of the highest levels of ethics and integrity and are in full compliance with the laws that govern our business. In 2010, we further enhanced our compliance program in the United States by creating increasingly rigorous processes, supported by new technology, to help ensure continuing compliance as a top priority for all employees and Allergan stakeholders.
We believe that all these unique elements add up to a sustainable growth strategy for Allergan, buoyed by global mega- trends in the field of health care: the needs of an aging population, the epidemic of obesity worldwide and its linkages to the burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease, as well as consumers’ desires worldwide to look as good as they feel.
Strong Performance in 2010
In 2010, Allergan grew sales by 8.4 percent in U.S. Dollars and 7.5 percent in local currencies and increased adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share by 13.7 percent benefiting from cost reduction and operating efficiency programs we had instituted in the depths of the recession. [A Reconciliation between Generally Accepted Accounting Principles [GAAP] and adjusted Diluted EPS is on pages 10-11.] Adjusted cash flow from operations was a strong $1,058 million(1) due to operating performance and strong balance sheet management.
(1)Adjusted cash flow from operating activities for 2010 excludes $594 million of payments related to the global settlement with the U.S.Department of Justice. GAAP cash flow from operating activities for 2010 was $464 million.
Allergan 2010 Annual Report / 5

Economic Recovery and Market
Share Gains
Our sales growth was boosted by a recovery
in our cash-pay businesses as highly indus-
trialized countries recovered from the recess-
sion and markets in East Asia, India and
Brazil enjoyed booming conditions. In fact,
all of our markets, with the exception of
obesity intervention, are now at levels
above 2008 – in part due to our decision to
increase investment in direct-to-consumer $500
advertising and educational programs in
the tough economic climate. Allergan’s
growth was further boosted by market
share gains in almost all businesses. In
2010, JUVÉDERM® captured the No. 1
position worldwide in the dermal filler market with the launch of our new formulation containing lidocaine, as well as JUVÉDERM VOLUMA®, a volumizing filler approved in Europe, Canada, Australia, Latin America and many Asian markets. The obesity intervention market is still suffering declines due to reimbursement restrictions imposed by U.S. health care plans, as well as the collapse in the cash-pay segment of the market, where patients pay out-of-pocket for LAP-BAND® surgery and many procedures are funded on credit. We believe that the volume of obesity surgeries is correlated with levels of unemployment. During 2010, we were able to stabilize our U.S. market share in obesity intervention in excess of 70 percent as Ethicon, which launched a gastric band in 2008, moved its resources to other surgical intervention products.
Challenges
In 2010, we successfully dealt with several headwinds to sales growth. Most notably, in the United States we faced a full year of generic competition to our ophthalmic products, including ALPHAGAN® and ACULAR®; a full year of competition for BOTOX® Cosmetic from Dysport®; and the entry of Dysport® for the therapeutic indication of cervical dystonia. In Europe, we saw the launches of aesthetic neuromodulators from Galderma and Merz. Even with these entries, global market share for BOTOX® in the neuromodulator market remained high at 79 percent in 2010.(2)
Outlook for Growth Driven by Innovation
With a record number of regulatory approvals in 2010, prospects for growth in the coming years are strong. In the pharmaceutical industry it is typical for a newly approved product to require 5-6 years to reach peak global sales. Almost all of our global markets today are generating double-digit growth rates.
With BOTOX®, we have multiple opportunities to further expand its therapeutic potential – which accounted for approxi- mately 51 percent of the product’s total sales in 2010. With the pending approvals of BOTOX® for chronic migraine in several countries, and our clinical programs for overactive bladder as well as benign prostatic hyperplasia, the therapeutic franchise for BOTOX® where we have limited competition will take on even greater importance in the sales mix.
(2) MAT Q3 2010. Internal estimates, including public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc. (3) MAT Q3 2010. Neuromodulators – Allergan estimates; Dermal Fillers/Breast Aesthetics/Obesity Intervention – Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), D&B, Allergan internal data, syndicated
marketing research reports, analyst reports, internet searches, competitive intelligence.
$2,000
$1,500
$1,000
WORLDWIDE MARKET IN RECOVERY
Most Markets above pre-recession levels
FINANCIAL SUMMARY {
                  5 6 / Allergan 2010 Annual Report
07 08 09 Q310(3) 07 08 09 Q310(3) 07 08 09 Q310(3) 07 08 09 Q310(3) Obesity Intervention Dermal Fillers Breast Aesthetics Neuromodulators
Worldwide Market Size (in millions)
$319 $381 $361 $366
$674 $686 $646 $764
$774 $791 $767 $823
$1,479 $1,642 $1,687 $1,824
/

}CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP ADJUSTMENTS
In our ophthalmology franchise, RESTASIS® grew significantly and is expected to become in 2011 the largest single prescription ophthalmic pharmaceutical in the United States, given the prevalence of chronic dry eye and the growing acceptance by more and more ophthalmologists of the advantages of early intervention in the treatment of chronic dry eye. RESTASIS® was also launched in Canada at year end. A key task is to secure approval of RESTASIS® in Europe. In the United States and Europe, our latest-generation formulation LUMIGAN® 0.01% enjoyed strong uptake due to its powerful ability to lower intraocular pressure accompanied by lower rates of hyperemia, when compared to the original LUMIGAN® formulation. In Canada, ophthalmologists’ appreciation of the new formulation has been so strong that we have announced the discontinuation of the original formula in early 2011.
Today, retina conditions are the leading cause of blindness in highly industrialized countries, and retina is the second-largest segment in the ophthalmic pharmaceutical market by value. OZURDEX®, indicated for retinal vein occlusion (RVO) and uveitis in the United States and for RVO in Europe, is our entry point into this fast-growing segment of the market. In order to further boost our No. 2 global position in ophthalmology, we licensed from Johnson & Johnson the worldwide rights to LASTACAFTTM, already approved in the United States, which will give us a highly competitive product in the ocular allergy market.
With our robust strategic position and track record of turning R&D investment into innovation, we will continue to invest strongly in discovery and clinical development, supplementing our internal efforts with selective licensing and acquisition of technology. A recent example is our 2010 acquisition of Serica Technologies, which provides a differentiated silk scaffold technology and a potentially revolutionizing approach to breast reconstruction surgery.
Pursuit of Excellence
Success fuels continuing energy, drives greater motivation and ideas, and in turn delivers continued strong performance. With attention to detail – from customer service to R&D execution – we are constantly looking for ways to improve our business model and advance patient care. We have emerged from the recession with an improved structure and even higher degree of operational focus, and are applying the same disciplines to absorb the costs of health care reform. This includes saving natural resources, an effort for which we have been recognized as one of the Greenest Companies in America. With our proven track record of success and commitment to our people, we continue to attract and retain some of the best employees in our industry.
As individual and team contributions continue to lie at the heart of any company’s success, on behalf of our management team and our Board of Directors, I would like to thank our employees around the world for their many great results and dedication in 2010. It is a pleasure and honor serving you as Allergan’s CEO and I look forward to a continued strong 2011.
Sincerely,
David E.I. Pyott, CBE
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
  Allergan 2010 Annual Report / 7 1
 2
