 To Our Investors
  TRANSFORMATION INTO A HIGH-GROWTH SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY
At the beginning of 2002, we announced the spin-off of our optical medical device businesses, the contact lens care and ophthalmic surgical product lines, into a separate, publicly traded company called Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO). This created the second largest company in the world in the field of optical medical devices and took place in the form of a tax-free distribution to Allergan’s stockholders on July 1, 2002. This was the most important event in the history of Allergan since our founding in 1950, and completed our journey on which we embarked five years ago when 50% of the Company’s sales were still from optical medical devices, to transform the Company into a focused high-growth, high-innovation specialty pharmaceutical company. We made this momentous decision, as it had become increasingly clear that the pharmaceutical and optical medical device businesses were fundamentally different, in terms of market growth rates, research and development (R&D) intensity, technological know-how, regulatory processes and product life cycles. For AMO, this has enabled an independent management team and Board of Directors to focus on the needs of the optical medical device business and invest appropriately in sales and marketing and new technologies, freed from the constraints of competing for these resources with Allergan’s high-growth pharmaceutical businesses. For Allergan, undivided management attention solely on attractive pharmaceutical opportunities has quickly paid dividends.
It is a tribute to the hard work and competence of the Allergan and AMO management teams and associates that the extremely complex global transaction of spinning-off AMO was completed without any negative surprises, on time and below budget and with no service issues for any of our customers. Even during the period of potential confusion immediately prior to the spin-off, the sales growth trajectory of both companies accelerated. Reactions from our ophthalmologist and optometry/optician customers have been universally positive, as they have correctly perceived the advantage of being served by two companies dedicated to their particular product and service needs.
STRONG OPERATING PERFORMANCE
At the time of the spin-off, we set even higher growth aspirations for the mid-term of mid-to-upper teens for sales growth and earnings per share growth in the range of 22% to 25%. For 2002, we have exceeded this goal with sales and profits on a pro forma basis growing in excess of 20%. Sales for the pharmaceutical-only businesses grew by 22% in local currencies and earnings per share on a full-year comparable pro forma basis, excluding the impact of the AMO spin-off and other one-time items, grew by 27%. Sales of our focus products in local currencies increased particularly dramatically: BOTOX up 43%, LUMIGAN up 245% and TAZORAC up 37%.
 AGN 4 4
David E. I. Pyott
  
   Careful attention to detail and strong management of operations are hallmarks of Allergan’s success. Further expansion of gross margins to 84.3%, up from 82.7% in 2001, as adjusted for one-time items, for the Allergan pharmaceutical-only businesses, was achieved due to focus on the growth of our highest margin, strategic products and control of our cost of goods in a network of only three manufacturing plants. Since 1997 we have been able to raise gross margins from 64.9% on a combined business basis to 84.3%, as adjusted for one-time items, for the pharmaceutical business alone. We have increased earnings per share in 2002 by over 25% compared to 2001 on a comparable pro forma basis, even after heavily investing in the long-term drivers of success in the pharmaceutical industry: R&D and Sales and Marketing. In fact, Allergan has one of the highest Selling, General & Administrative (SG&A) and R&D reinvestment rates in the pharmaceutical industry. Expenditure on R&D, as adjusted for one-time items, for the pharmaceutical-only businesses increased by 22% to $228 million with R&D accounting for 17% of pharmaceutical-only sales. With several important products receiving regulatory approvals from the relevant authorities around the world, namely, BOTOX COSMETIC in the United States and Australia; and LUMIGAN in Europe, Canada, Australia and various Asian countries; we made substantial investments in product launches in 2002. In the United States, we also established a specialist pediatric sales force to detail our existing products to this new group of customers. For these reasons, SG&A expenditures, as adjusted for one-time items, reached a record 43% of sales. We have again leveraged General & Administrative (G&A) expenditures after the
spin-off of AMO, which entailed some dis-economies of scale, and finished the year with G&A returning to almost 8% of sales in 2002, as adjusted for one-time items.
Compared to almost all of our specialty pharmaceutical industry peers and large biotechnology companies, Allergan is unique in terms of our leading market positions in specialist markets, global presence and fully integrated, in-house R&D capabilities.
DELIVERING PHARMACEUTICAL INNOVATION TO THE WORLD
BOTOX
Undoubtedly the most important approval of the year was BOTOX COSMETIC by the U.S. FDA on April 15, 2002. This marked the first ever approval for an injectable pharmaceutical and non-topical biologic for cosmetic use. Shortly afterwards we received the same approval for BOTOX COSMETIC in Australia. BOTOX COSMETIC was approved under the trade name of VISTABEL in Switzerland in late 2002 and in early 2003 in France, acting as the Reference Member State under the mutual recognition process in the European Union.
The media coverage around the approval of BOTOX COSMETIC in the United States was intense, making it the second most widely publicized launch in the history of the pharmaceutical industry. Media coverage, in fact, flowed from the United States around the world. The public’s interest
 
     AGN
To Our Investors
       2002
in BOTOX COSMETIC transcends all continents, cultures, languages and socio-economic classes as self-esteem and the desire to improve one’s appearance are universal human needs. The fascination for BOTOX and BOTOX COSMETIC is based on the utility of this potent neuromodulator in potentially more than 100 indications ranging from therapeutic neuromuscular disorders to cosmetic facial aesthetics, its localized treatment effect, and approximately 20 years of safety experience in large patient groups.
Despite the enormous growth and success of BOTOX COSMETIC, there is much more breadth and depth to BOTOX than simply its cosmetic indications. The therapeutic indications for BOTOX, including the treatment for such debilitating maladies as cervical dystonia, juvenile cerebral palsy, strabismus (crossed eyes), and blepharospasm (uncontrollable blinking), account for almost 60% of worldwide sales of the combined BOTOX and BOTOX COSMETIC franchise. Sales relating to therapeutic indications grew over 30% as a group worldwide.
SKIN CARE
In dermatology, Allergan has chosen to focus on the high-growth and high-potential segments of acne and psoriasis and to concentrate on the dermatology markets in the United States and Canada. In this field, thanks to the strong growth of our flagship product, TAZORAC, Allergan recorded the highest in-market growth amongst the major dermatology companies in the United States. In 2002 TAZORAC was, in fact, the third most frequently prescribed product for acne by U.S. dermatologists and was the fastest growing retinoid product.
At the end of the year, we also received approval in the United States and Canada for AVAGE, a new member of the tazarotene family, indicated for the topical treatment of facial fine wrinkling, mottled hypo- and hyper-pigmentation and benign facial lentigines. AVAGE, coupled with our offering of BOTOX COSMETIC and MD FORTE, a physician dispensed line of skincare products, positions Allergan as the premier partner for aesthetically oriented physicians. Looking to the future, Allergan is investing in clinical trials for the use of oral tazarotene in acne and psoriasis, conditions with significant unmet patient needs.
OPHTHALMOLOGY
According to IMS data for the first three quarters of 2002, Allergan was the fastest growing global ophthalmology company in terms of in-market sales, marking further progress in our goal to attain world leadership in this core franchise. We were able to make further market share gains due to the quality and efficacy of our products and our high levels of service to our physicians. Allergan has
invested heavily in expanding our sales forces and in 2002, commanded the largest sales force in the world dedicated to ophthalmologists. Furthermore, we had the largest ophthalmology sales force in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia, outside Japan. We are also proud that our customers rated Allergan as the best sales force in the United States for the fifth straight year. We enjoyed successes particularly in the segments of glaucoma and artificial tears.
In the important field of glaucoma, Allergan offers two very significant products to ophthalmologists around the world: ALPHAGAN and LUMIGAN. ALPHAGAN is today the second largest glaucoma product in the world. LUMIGAN, which was launched in the U.S. in 2001 and in 2002 in Europe, Canada and certain Asian countries, achieved $123 million in sales in its first full year of commercialization and has excellent potential. In a multi-center study, comparing LUMIGAN against the world’s currently best selling glaucoma medication, it was shown that LUMIGAN had better intraocular pressure lowering at every study visit and every time point during the day. ALPHAGAN P, a superior version of the original ALPHAGAN, was received extremely favorably by ophthalmologists from the day of its launch in the United States, thanks to a reduced incidence of ocular allergy whilst offering comparable efficacy. During 2002 ALPHAGAN P was approved in many Latin American countries, and we are pursuing registration in other countries around the world.
At the end of the year, we entered into a settlement of patent disputes in the United States and Europe with Pharmacia Corporation regarding LUMIGAN and agreed to pay $120 million and royalties on future sales of LUMIGAN. Whilst we continue to feel very strongly about the correctness of our legal position as it relates to the non-infringement of Pharmacia’s patents, and the uniqueness of our compound LUMIGAN and its potent intraocular pressure lowering properties, this was a prag- matic conclusion of major litigation where the outcome would have been decided by jury trial. The cash payment did not materially impact our liquidity and we were able to avoid years of costly litigation around the world. With this patent dispute behind us, we can now dedicate our full efforts to ensuring the success of LUMIGAN in the marketplace.
In the area of artificial tears, our broad product line, led by the REFRESH family of products, enjoyed a double digit increase in sales and further market share gains. REFRESH ENDURA, a breakthrough emulsion formulation, was launched in the United States. At the end of the year, we were delighted to receive FDA approval for RESTASIS, the first pharmaceutical in the world to treat the underlying causes of dry eye symptoms. Allergan, as the clear market leader in artificial tears in the world outside Japan, is excellently positioned to market this unique product.
AGN 4 6

 2002 was a year of momentous change for Allergan
As a full-line supplier of ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, we are tremendously excited about our business prospects in 2003 as we have many new products that have been recently approved or are in final product registration. In the first half of 2003, we hope to introduce a powerful ophthalmic anti-infective, gatifloxacin, which will be the first 4th generation fluoroquinolone in the market, as well as an improved version of our non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, ACULAR, which is the leading product in its class worldwide. In 2003 we expect the approval of epinastine, an ocular antihistamine in both Europe and the United States.
OUTLOOK FOR 2003
As a streamlined mid-sized pharmaceutical company, with only three manufacturing plants and a tight network of four global R&D centers, focused only on specialty areas, we look to the future with great optimism. In 2003 we have many opportunities as we launch a stream of new products from our R&D pipeline. Turnover amongst our employees, and especially in the ranks of management, has been low due to the entrepreneurial culture of the company and the ability of individuals, up and down the organization, to take responsibility and to make a difference, both to the Company and, most importantly, to patients.
We continue to make major commitments to R&D, having increased our staff of scientists by 48% since 1997. During 2002 we dedicated a new R&D facility in the south of France and are currently constructing a major new R&D building in Irvine, California, costing about $75 million. This will address our expansion plans and space requirements over the coming five years. Historically, Allergan’s expertise lay in the development of topical pharmaceuticals for ophthalmology and dermatology. In recent years, with the great importance of BOTOX, we have significantly built up our expertise in all aspects of biologicals from process development to quality assurance to manufacturing. As we draw upon our scientific discovery platforms and our ambitions turn to new and larger opportunities, we are building up new competencies in the design and clinical investigation of oral drugs. Such examples are oral tazarotene for psoriasis and acne, and memantine, the first oral approach to the treatment of glaucoma. In the coming years we see a convergence of interests in various fields of neurology as BOTOX is used in more and more neurological conditions, and we develop new approaches for the treatment of glaucoma, which is in its essence a neuro-degenerative disorder.
As we weigh our opportunities for growth and strive to establish Allergan as the very best company in the field of specialty pharmaceuticals, we are fortunate that Allergan generates strong free cash flow and has a strong balance sheet. Taking advantage of the current low interest rates at the end of 2002, we placed a new convertible bond offering, raising $500 million and then retired a substan- tial portion of a higher cost convertible bond issued in 2000. In addition, the Company renewed its primary credit line for a five-year term and put in place a new medium-term note program. These activ- ities have significantly improved Allergan’s liquidity and most likely moved any significant financing related requirements out to the end of 2007.
With heightened scrutiny of public Boards of Directors and many new regulations, we have conducted rigorous reviews of the charters of our Board and its committees and every member of our Board has engaged in questioning our practices, agenda and interaction. In fact, in a recent Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) study on Boards and Corporate Governance, Allergan outperformed approximately 85% of the companies in the S&P 500. We are pleased that our governance practices have always been very strong and we will continue to foster a culture dedicated to full compliance with all regulations issued by the SEC and other governmental bodies. We will furthermore strive to improve the workings of our Board from year to year.
2002 was a year of momentous change for Allergan. We not only executed the changes quickly and efficiently – never losing sight of our mission to serve our customers and patients – but we again produced strong operating results. This is a tribute to the quality and dedication of our employees all around the world and a testament to our ability to rise to a challenge. The Board of Directors and I wish to thank and recognize the great contributions of so many individual employees.
David E. I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
       