   + TO OUR INVESTORS
Business conditions in the first half of 2009 were even more challenging than at the end of 2008. This, in combination with the changing dynamics of today’s health care environment, has required all companies to take a critical look at their business operations and make adjustments in order to continue providing optimal health care solutions for patients while building stockholder value. We have used this period of great challenge as a catalyst for change, to retool our organization’s skill sets and business practices and to make tough strategic trade-offs to help Allergan emerge from the recession as a lean, fit and adaptable company. We have refreshed our thinking about the way we do business and have sharpened our perspective on the best way to meet the needs of all our stakeholders, starting with the patients who depend on us most for safe, high-quality products. with patients top of mind, innovation
to advance patient care and the strengthening of our informational systems and educational initiatives were key areas of focus for allergan in 2009. Coupled with operational flexibility and efficiencies, smart business thinking, and the ability to set clear priorities and follow through on them, our core values have guided us on the path toward continued growth.
In 2009 we generated sales growth of 2.5 percent in U.S. Dollars and 4.9 percent in local currencies, with a decline in sales of 4.7 percent in U.S. Dollars in the first half of the year versus the prior year but, with the bottoming out of many economies around the globe, a much stronger growth of 10.0 percent in U.S. Dollars in the second half of the year. This was aided by the weakness of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies and a lapping effect compared to the weak end of 2008. At the beginning of the year, we provided investors with an expected range for adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) growth of 5–7 percent. Applying great operating discipline, the final result was 8.2 percent growth versus 2008. [A reconciliation between Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Diluted EPS and adjusted Diluted EPS is on pages 4–5.] With the credit and liquidity shock at the end of 2008, we paid more attention to cash flow generation than ever before. The results were excellent, with operating cash flow of $1,113 million, and a post-capital expenditure net cash flow of $1,017 million, a record in the history of Allergan and comfortably surpassing our results prior to the recession.
With hindsight, it was sound thinking that in early 2009 we prepared for the worst with a restructuring in February that reduced our global headcount by approximately 460 employees (or 5 percent), primarily in the United States and Europe where the economies were most affected by the recession. We also instituted broad cost containment measures, renegotiated terms with our principal vendors, subjecting any use of consultants and contractors to rigorous management scrutiny, and evaluated every possible way to create efficiencies while ensuring that we stayed on course with our business strategy and commitments
to physicians and patients. Regarding manufacturing, we were able
to reduce the average cost of product produced by 4 percent versus 2008 by applying a host of techniques from renegotiating raw material contracts, improving line speeds and yields, and applying overall principles of Lean Manufacturing to our processes. Our intent was to preserve essential expenditures in Research and Development (R&D) and higher return sales and marketing programs, while leveraging investments made during the earlier years of buoyant growth. The restructuring was concentrated and targeted in two areas: the urology sales force in the United States, where we made the strategic decision to withdraw from a direct detailing presence in the general practitioner channel; and in marketing support functions in the United States and Europe. We also benefited from a decision made in early 2008 to
close our breast implant manufacturing facility in Arklow, Ireland, and concentrate all global production in our existing, expanded low-cost facility in Costa Rica.
the global recession had varying impacts on different operating regions but particularly on our different product lines, which served to demonstrate the benefits of our diversity both in terms of business areas, products and geographies. For the full year, based on internal information and assumptions, approximately 72 percent
of Allergan’s sales were derived from products reimbursed by private insurers or government payors around the world, and 28 percent were based on cash paid electively by consumers for medical aesthetics procedures. This compares to a two-thirds/one-third percentage mix prior to the recession, a shift because elective cash pay products were subject to cutbacks in consumer spending and, as became quite clear in
Intercontinental Medical Statistics (IMS): 48 countries rollup, YTD Q3 2009.
strategically prepared for the health care market of the coming decade
the downturn, in direct correlation to price. Accordingly, the highest cost procedure, surgery for breast augmentation, was hit the hardest; dermal fillers felt a medium impact; and the lowest cost procedure, BOTOX® Cosmetic, was by far the most resilient. Beyond medical aesthetics, we were initially surprised by the weakness of the market and our sales of obesity intervention products, particularly the LAP-BAND® Adjustable Gastric Banding System. Prior to the recession, about a quarter of this business was cash pay, and even the reimbursed segment was affected given a typical insurance co-payment in the range of $2,000 to $4,000 in the United States.
During the first half of 2009 we improved our ability to forecast the speed of contraction in our product markets, and we also rapidly reaped the benefits of the vigorous cost savings programs outlined above. By the middle of the year, we began to observe a bottoming out of the U.S. economy, resilience in several of the large European economies and continuing strength in East Asia and Brazil. Consequently, from the beginning of the third quarter we made the strategic decision to ramp up Direct to Consumer (DTC) advertising for several of our medical aesthetics brands including LATISSE®, RESTASIS®, our therapeutic dry eye product, JUVEDERM®, and, for LAP-BAND® System, to boost sales trajectory in anticipation of market recovery by generating greater awareness among patients of their treatment options. Unfortunately we had no FDA- approved advertisement available for BOTOX® Cosmetic. Operationally, DTC is all variable expenditure, and decisions to move spend up or down can be made on a short-term basis. In the fourth quarter, on rising confidence in economic recovery, we broadened our spending from DTC alone into other impactful high return marketing programs. We continue, however, to keep an iron grip on spending so that we can lock in the benefits, learned during the recession, of a lower cost operating model.
in the midst of the recession, the fundamentals underpinning the long-term success of our business model remained top of mind, including our commitment to patients, steady investment, scientific innovation and global expansion. Key areas of reflection were: how to position Allergan to emerge from the downturn even stronger and, as a specialist in each of our medical specialties, how to further increase our strategic differentiation from our key competitors.
steady investment in r&d and scientific innovation
Overall expenditure on R&D, on a non-GAAP adjusted basis, was $675 million, a decrease of 7.4 percent versus 2008. [A reconciliation between GAAP R&D expenditures and adjusted R&D expenditures is on pages 4–5.] Regarding R&D investment we would have liked to have spent much more. However, 2009 was a transition year as we completed many expensive Phase III trials: OZURDEXTM for retinal vein occlusion (RVO) and uveitis and, to a lesser extent, ACUVAIL® and ZYMAR® X. In addition, in the first few months of the year we were cautious about initiating new clinical studies given the uncertain economic outlook. But during this period we also took steps to ensure that a downturn in the economy would not slow innovation or progress in critical research to advance patient care. We made significant efficiency gains in clinical development so that we are now able to obtain much greater output at the same high standards for the same level of expenditure. This was achieved with no impact on quality by bringing in-house a greater number of clinical trials, which is more cost-efficient given that we can leverage our existing infrastructure; by conducting more clinical trials in lower-cost regions overseas; and
by negotiating lower-cost contracts with preferred Clinical Research Organization (CRO) partners. In 2009, we were able to enroll 8 percent
more patients per clinical research associate than in 2008. For 2010 we have further efficiency programs in place to reduce the cost of clinical trials, measured by cost per patient enrolled.
Even against this background of lower R&D spending, we achieved a steady stream of product approvals in major countries around the world. LUMIGAN® RC 0.01% was approved in the European Union, Canada and Brazil, and LUMIGAN® 0.03% was approved in Japan in partnership with Senju Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. In partnership with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), BOTOX® for glabellar lines was approved in China, and in Japan as BOTOX VISTA®. The French regulatory agency approved BOTOX® for upper and lower limb spasticity for children. LATISSE® was approved in Korea, the first market to follow the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval in the United States. Our JUVÉDERM® Ultra and Ultra Plus brands, formulated with lidocaine anesthetic, were launched in Europe and Australia and in early 2010 were approved in the United States under the JUVEDERM® Ultra XC and Ultra Plus XC brands. Additionally, VOLUMATM XC incorporating lidocaine was approved in Europe. In the United States, major regulatory files were submitted to the FDA in 2009: BOTOX® for chronic migraine, OZURDEXTM for a new indication of uveitis and LAP-BAND® System for morbidly obese adolescents. In addition, in 2009 we also responded and liaised with the FDA regarding our 2008 filing for BOTOX® for spasticity. Due to increasingly challenging regulatory review processes at the FDA, we have not yet received approval for LUMIGAN® RC 0.01%, nor for the next generation silicone gel shaped breast implant, known as Style 410. Regulatory files for BOTOX® for chronic migraine were also submitted to the authorities
in Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Switzerland.
as we pursue new solutions for patients through our r&d programs, our primary focus is on new glaucoma programs, next generation therapeutic dry eye products, and a next generation
of neuromodulators with even more precise targeting of neurotransmitters. In these endeavors we do not rely upon internal sources of technology alone, but supplement these with research collaborations and acquisitions of technology from third parties. An example is the acquisition of Serica in early 2010 which brings us unique silk mesh-based technology for use in breast reconstruction. With almost $2 billion of cash currently on our balance sheet, we have the strategic flexibility to make further acquisitions to bolster our R&D pipeline and growth over the coming years.
progress on a broad front
Regarding selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenditures, adjusted SG&A on a non-GAAP basis increased by 1.1 percent versus 2008. [A reconciliation between GAAP SG&A expenditures and adjusted SG&A expenditures is on pages 4–5.] A significant proportion of the increase was accounted for by the investments in DTC which were at
a record $185 million, marking an increase of 47 percent over 2008 despite hard economic times and reflecting a conscious decision to spend into the recovery. By targeting our overall sales and marketing investments to selected areas, we made great progress on a broad front. Eye care pharmaceuticals, representing 47 percent of worldwide revenues, increased 4.6 percent in U.S. Dollars and 7.2 percent in local currencies. For the eighth consecutive year, Allergan has been the fastest growing global eye care pharmaceutical company,(1) thanks principally
to RESTASIS®, our artificial tears brands led by REFRESH® and OPTIVETM, and our glaucoma franchise, led by the worldwide introductions of the
(1)
 6 allergan
annual report 2009 7
  
  fixed combination therapies of COMBIGAN® and GANFORTTM. Based on continuing strong growth of 17.8 percent, RESTASIS® became the second largest single eye care pharmaceutical in the United States with sales of $523 million worldwide. Clearly a goal for the future is to secure approval for RESTASIS® in the European Union, Canada and Australia. It is already available in certain markets in Asia and Latin America.
Regarding the urology business, we made the decision noted above
to withdraw from a direct presence in the general practitioner channel, where we determined we could not well serve the needs of physicians and patients without an expanded network for sales and support, despite having an optimal product. With an important pipeline of products in clinical development — for example, BOTOX® for overactive bladder, BOTOX® for benign prostatic hyperplasia, and apaziquone (in partnership with Spectrum Pharmaceuticals) for bladder cancer — we require access to customers beyond the urology channel alone. To this end, we were pleased that we were able to enter into a partnership with Quintiles Transnational Corporation to co-promote Allergan’s SANCTURA XR® in the primary care channel. In the urology channel we strengthened our access and reach in the fourth quarter by combining our urology and medical dermatology sales forces into a single, larger force carrying SANCTURA XR® for incontinence, ACZONE® for acne, TAZORAC® for acne and psoriasis, and LATISSE® for eyelash growth, while maintaining dedicated marketing teams.
With LATISSE®, the first and only prescription pharmaceutical to increase the length, thickness and darkness of eyelashes, allergan is once again creating a new market with an innovative product, filling a previously unmet need and resulting in rapid uptake among consumers and physicians. Since FDA approval and initiation of a national public relations campaign featuring Brooke Shields, LATISSE® has enjoyed more than 871 million media impressions, demonstrating the public’s interest in this new consumer category. Sales are on a sharp increase and reached $74 million in the first year of launch. LATISSE® has been welcomed
by our core plastic surgery and aesthetic dermatology customers as
a moderately priced innovative product capable of attracting new patients even in a challenging economic climate. Given its performance characteristics and appeal to a broad age group and demographic, we believe LATISSE® has the potential to be our biggest single medical aesthetic product. Clinical trials are underway in Europe. LATISSE® has also expanded our Total Facial RejuvenationTM product offering, further distancing Allergan in the breadth of our portfolio from the competition. While the dermal filler market worldwide underwent a double-digit decline, Allergan’s sales decreased by 6 percent in U.S. Dollars and
just 3 percent at constant currency. At the same time, thanks to the appreciation customers have for the smoothness of JUVÉDERM® and the incorporation of lidocaine for pain control, Allergan steadily gained market share and by the third quarter was at equal global market position with the former market leader, Restylane®. With the breast aesthetics market also experiencing a double-digit decline, we were pleased that we maintained market share worldwide, with a minor loss in the United States offset by market share gains overseas as many smaller undiversified competitors suffered major financial difficulties.
global expansion in high-growth marKets
While spending plans in the United States and Western Europe were very carefully weighed in 2009, we did not hold back on expansion in the fastest growing parts of the world. We have always held strong market positions in India and Brazil but made growth both for eye care pharmaceuticals and medical aesthetics a special focus in Asia and
Eastern Europe. In Korea, the most developed market in Asia for medical aesthetics, Allergan now directly sells BOTOX®, JUVÉDERM® and breast implants through its own sales organization. In addition, in Korea we formed a joint venture for eye care pharmaceuticals with our long-time partner, Samil Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., making us the leading Korean eye care company. In China, we established our own sales operation for eye care pharmaceuticals. In Eastern Europe, we also made major progress in eye care pharmaceuticals and are preparing for the launch of many products in 2010 in Russia and the Ukraine.
prepared for competition
For many years, we had been diligently preparing for competition
to BOTOX® in North America in both the aesthetic and therapeutic categories as well as for new competition elsewhere around the world. As a mark of our successful strategic execution, we are pleased that BOTOX® sales were flat, depressed by the strength of the U.S. Dollar, but grew 2.5 percent in local currencies, with therapeutic indications growing by approximately 4 percent in U.S. Dollars, BOTOX® Cosmetic (marketed as VISTABEL® in Europe or BOTOX VISTA® in Japan) declining by approximately 4 percent, with growth overseas offsetting the decline in the aesthetic market in the United States.
In the middle of the year, Dysport® was approved in the United States with a therapeutic indication for cervical dystonia and an aesthetic indication for glabellar lines. The approval came with a requirement
for revised labeling that all toxin manufacturers were obliged to adopt, including a boxed warning laying out the risks as well as the benefits of neuromodulator treatments. One of the main focuses of the FDA was to communicate the lack of interchangeability between botulinum toxin units and the lack of valid dose conversion ratios between the products. This is a core educational component of the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) program that all toxin manufacturers have adopted, and this has highlighted the steep learning curve required to administer a different botulinum toxin product and still achieve optimal patient outcomes. Our 20 years of experience with BOTOX® and competition with Dysport® in overseas markets, principally in Europe, have shown that physicians are extremely cautious in adopting a new product with very different treatment protocols, particularly in therapeutic, reimbursed indications. In the aesthetic market, Dysport® and other competitors have always competed on the basis of price discounting, yet BOTOX®/ VISTABEL® in Europe has maintained approximately 80 percent share(2) against Dysport® and a German product, Xeomin®. In Europe, the impact of Azzalure®, the trade name of Dysport® for aesthetic use which is marketed by Galderma, has been limited and Xeomin®, marketed by Merz, has had only limited sales outside its German home market. As the world economies recover, we remain hopeful that competition, benefiting consumer choice amongst products, will indeed stimulate market growth, provided that a significant investment is made by our new competitors to ensure proper and safe administration of their toxin products.
meanwhile, we were proud that 2009 marked the 20th anniversary of botox® in the united states and of allergan’s leadership in exploring the full potential of this versatile medicine to advance patient care. The value of the BOTOX® brand, today one of the most recognized pharmaceutical brands in America,(3) derives from this commitment and from its own heritage based on the quality and safety
(2) MAT Q3 2009. Internal estimates. Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), D&B, Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc.
(3) Allergan data on file.
2009–2010 granted approvals
product
ACUVAIL® BOTOX® BOTOX® BOTOX® BOTOX®
BOTOX VISTA® LATISSE® LUMIGAN® 0.01% LUMIGAN® OZURDEXTM
JUVEDERM® LUMIGAN® 0.01%
OZURDEXTM SANCTURA XR®
indication
Pain and Inflammation Glabellar Lines
Juvenile Cerebral Palsy Juvenile Spasticity
Neurogenic Overactive Bladder Glabellar Lines
Hypotrichosis of the Eyelashes
Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma
Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma
Macular Edema Associated with Branch Retinal Vein Occlusion (BRVO) or Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) Facial Aesthetics
Ultra and Ultra Plus with lidocaine Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma
Macular Edema Associated with Branch Retinal Vein Occlusion (BRVO) or Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) Overactive Bladder
 2010 pending approvals
country year
United States 2009 China* 2009 Japan* 2009 France 2009 Brazil 2009 Japan* 2009 Korea 2009 Canada, Brazil 2009 Japan** 2009 United States 2009
United States 2010 European Union 2010
India, New Zealand 2010 Canada 2010
country
United States
United States, Europe United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
of smaller local competitors. In the European Union and Canada, our label was expanded to include the benefits of alleviation or remediation of type 2 diabetes following major weight loss following a LAP-BAND® System procedure. Over the long term our focus will be on how we can grow the market for gastric bands as well as less invasive products such as our ORBERATM intragastric balloon, which is currently approved outside of the United States, to fight the global obesity epidemic.
In 2009 we also faced generic threats to our eye care pharmaceutical business for the first time in a decade, particularly in the United States. the only truly effective response in this type of situation is to ensure that we are always advancing patient care through improved science-based products. To that end, we heavily focused on the glaucoma market, the largest segment of the eye care market. Since the launch of ALPHAGAN® (brimonidine) 0.2% in 1997 in the United States, we have launched several new products containing brimonidine with improved product benefits and favorable patient safety profiles — for
(4) Allergan data on file; Global Regulatory Affairs.
(5) Allergan data on file; Global Literature & Information Services.
(6) MAT Q2 2009. Internal estimates. Mixture of public information (earnings releases, 10Ks, 10Qs), D&B,
Allergan internal data, syndicated marketing research reports, analyst reports, internet searches, competitive intelligence, etc.
product
BOTOX®
BOTOX® LAP-BAND® system LUMIGAN® 0.01% Natrelle® style 410 OZURDEXTM ZYMAR® X
indication
Upper Limb Spasticity
Chronic Migraine
Adolescent Indication
Intraocular Pressure/Glaucoma
Breast Reconstruction & Augmentation Uveitis
Anti-infection
 8 allergan
annual report 2009 9
* Through partnership with GlaxoSmithKline in Japan and China.
** Through partnership with Senju Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd. in Japan.
of the product, including the broadest number of indications approved and a track record and long established safety profile based on more than 29 million treatment sessions and 26 million vials sold(4) over the last 20 years. Furthermore, we are proud that BOTOX® is one of the most widely researched medicines in the world with approximately 2,100 publications(5) on botulinum toxin type A in scientific and medical journals. All of this, coupled with the breadth of our medical aesthetic portfolio and unparalleled market reach and customer service, helps to explain why BOTOX® currently maintains a very high market share of 82 percent worldwide.(2)
Last year we also managed competition in the bariatric surgery market as
we felt the full-year impact of the launch of the Realize® Band by Ethicon
Endo-Surgery in the United States. once again, we prepared carefully
for a serious, well resourced competitor and welcomed this as an
opportunity that would drive market expansion and more services for
patients. Thanks to product design advantages of the LAP-BAND AP®
System, our focus on customers and our distribution partnership with
Covidien, we are pleased that we maintained in excess of 70 percent(6)
market share in the United States. Overseas we estimate that we enjoy a
  (6) 60 percent
market share competing against Ethicon as well as a number
  
  recovery in 2009
net sales — quarter over quarter growth
Governments’ ability to pay for health care will be a continuing pressure and felt more acutely during a period of lower tax receipts. At the same time, this pressure will be accompanied by demands for increased value. Allergan is in a unique position to face these challenges with:
• A mix of businesses addressing the cash pay and reimbursed markets;
• New technologies advancing the care of retinal disease, combined with a pipeline focused on unmet areas of need such as age-related macular degeneration;
• Work in neurosciences to explore the full potential of BOTOX® to address currently unmet medical needs;
• Medical aesthetics offerings uniquely attuned to consumers’ “wish lists” and the market demand for natural beauty;
• Intervention products that address the highly burdensome global epidemic of obesity and its consequences in terms of diabetes and cardiovascular disease; and
• Several global businesses increasingly embedded in the fastest growing emerging economies of the world.
Given these challenges, we strongly believe that we must be efficient in all that we do. To this end, we have a limited number of five manufacturing plants across the globe and are striving to execute a more efficient model of global clinical development in R&D. in the new world of health care, including increasing regulatory requirements in the united states and overseas, new skills are necessary. Increasing expertise is required in medical affairs, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance and pharma- coeconomics. We believe that we, as a medium sized company with relative agility, have been able to attract and develop the talent to
build these skill sets. As an example, in managed care, we have been recognized by managed care organizations in the United States as one of the top 10 companies in the industry.(10) Clearly, traditional selling models are in evolution with ever tighter compliance rules governing the interaction with medical professionals and doctors that leave less time to see and listen to pharmaceutical and medical device representatives. While changes in selling models have already been dramatic in the general practitioner channel, we are applying these insights to adapt sales and marketing models in our specialist fields.
bringing logic and good sense to the debate over health care reform
Allergan also strives to contribute to and to advocate for sound public policy as health care is reformed. In this regard we were vocal in our opposition to the proposed tax on medical aesthetic procedures that was considered as part of the Senate health care reform bill and known popularly as the “Botax.” The intent of the tax was to target the affluent population, but the facts proved that the burden would have fallen on middle class working mothers. Also unlike other “sin taxes,” which tax the use of products that lead to an increased burden on public health care costs, a tax on medical aesthetic procedures would have been unjust, discriminatory and punitive, as the desire to look and feel one’s best certainly does not lead to increased utilization of reimbursed health care, and thus had no place in the financing of health care reform. Fortunately, good sense prevailed and the provision was removed from the bill.
(10) Allergan data on file.
outlooK for 2010
Despite our many strategic assets and advantages, we believe that 2010 will be another year with unique challenges and opportunities. While it is fairly clear that various regions of the world are trending toward recovery, forecasting the shape of that recovery is still difficult, as is forecasting the trajectory of the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar versus other leading world currencies. For several years now, we’ve known that competitive events will cluster in 2010 and we expect will pass by 2011. We have been and are fully prepared for this competition. In 2010 we will still be absorbing the impact of a full year of competition from Dysport® in the United States, while facing the potential approval of Xeomin® (for cervical dystonia and spasticity) in the United States during the course of the year. Additionally, we will have to absorb loss of sales to generics in three ophthalmic products, despite all of our mitigation strategies.
Given all of these considerations, we have been cautious in the expectations provided for growth both in sales and in non-GAAP Diluted EPS, the latter in a range of 11 percent to 13 percent for 2010. We also wish to invest appropriately in innovation for the mid- to long-term as we again ramp up expenditures in R&D in 2010.
And finally, in 2010, we look forward to celebrating Allergan’s 60th anniversary since the founding of the Company by Gavin Herbert, Sr. when we look back at six decades of growth and accomplishments, we see a heritage rooted in the consistent pursuit of scientific innovation to advance patient care, and shaped through the insights gained by keeping the needs of physicians and patients always top of mind. Only three CEO’s have led the Company over this period, a further testament to Allergan as a company that is built to last and guided by long-term strategic vision and investment.
david e.i. pyott, cbe
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
In turbulent times, companies require the very best of employees and the maximum contribution from them. I would like to recognize the exceptional efforts made by many different groups of employees around the globe for their discipline, attention to operational execution, as well as their creativity. Allergan also has an exceptionally strong Board of Directors with deep, global pharmaceutical and health care experience, flanked by expertise in the fields of science, finance and consumer marketing. Many of these skill sets were called upon as we navigated through the economic crisis. We are grateful to physicians and patients for placing continued trust in our products and for always helping us see the potential for addressing complex health care needs with innovative solutions.
(Compared to prior year)
 20.0% 15.0% 10.0%
5.0%
0.0% –5.0% –10.0% –15.0% –20.0%
Medical Devices
Specialty Pharmaceuticals
Total Net Sales
* Based on core medical devices only.
                                 Q4 ’08
Q1 ’09
Q2 ’09
Q3 ’09
Q4 ’09
instance, ALPHAGAN® P 0.15%, ALPHAGAN® P 0.1% and most recently COMBIGAN® (brimonidine tartrate/timolol maleate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%/0.5% fixed combination therapy. With the patient benefits of comparable product efficacy but with less drug exposure, the focus of our sales has moved toward ALPHAGAN® P 0.1%, as well as toward COMBIGAN® 0.2%/0.5%, which offers the benefit of fewer doses per day in the fixed combination of the two component drugs, reducing intraocular pressure (IOP). Given the normal risks of patent litigation, we chose to mitigate our risk and entered into a settlement with Alcon several years ago, granting Alcon a royalty-bearing license to launch a generic brimonidine 0.15% product in the fourth quarter of 2009. In late summer, the U.S. District Court in Delaware upheld the validity of all five of the patents covering ALPHAGAN® P, thus giving us, subject to appeal, the benefit of a patent estate that extends to 2022. For 2010, the bulk of our sales in the United States will stem from ALPHAGAN® P 0.1% and COMBIGAN® 0.2%/0.5%, and the impact of generics to our ALPHAGAN®/ COMBIGAN® franchise will be limited.
A smaller franchise also exposed to generic competition is ACULAR®, which is the U.S. market leader for non-steroidal anti-inflammatories indicated for post-cataract surgery. The patent for ACULAR® expired in November 2009. With competition on the horizon, we were once again inspired to pursue greater scientific innovation. In August, we launched a next generation product, ACUVAIL®, which offers several patient benefits in terms of the convenience of twice versus four times per day dosing, and a very low level of burning and stinging upon application compared to ACULAR® and the overall comfort of a non-preserved unit dose formulation. For 2010, we may face generic competition, pending the outcome of patent litigation, to our ZYMAR® anti-infective product. To this end, we filed with the FDA in 2009 an improved ZYMAR® X product.
ready for the global upturn
with our portfolio of market leading medical aesthetics products, global reach and dtc investments made in 2009 in anticipation of a global economic recovery, we believe that we are well positioned to be both ready and to grow as a result of the return of consumers seeking innovative, cost-effective solutions to their medical aesthetics needs. We have already seen clear signals of improvement in many geographies.
In addition to the economically sensitive part of our business, we are driving growth from the recently approved products that maximize our assets in reimbursed businesses. For example, OZURDEXTM indicated for retinal vein occlusion and filed with the FDA for approval of the additional indication of uveitis, brought Allergan into the fastest growing segment of the global ophthalmic pharmaceutical market: retinal therapeutics. We have also filed OZURDEXTM with the European Medicines Evaluation Agency (EMEA). Today, diseases of the retina are the leading cause of blindness in industrialized countries.(7)
Furthermore, we are preparing for an approval of BOTOX® for chronic migraine, for use in a population that suffers more than 15 headache days per month and affects more than a million people in the United States alone.(8)(9) A supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for BOTOX® in chronic migraine was filed in 2009 with the FDA as well as with regulatory authorities in the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland and Canada; filings in several other key countries are following shortly. Of all the programs in Allergan’s pipeline in the coming few years, BOTOX® for chronic migraine is currently the most significant. Regarding adult spasticity, we also are awaiting response from the FDA to our file. BOTOX® is approved for adult spasticity in almost every other country
in the world and this patient population is one of the largest segments utilizing and benefiting from BOTOX® therapy worldwide. Finally, we are expecting to file BOTOX® for a neurogenic overactive bladder indication before the end of 2010.
prepared for the dawn of a new health care era in 2010 With some form of health care reform legislation anticipated in the United States as well as increasing efforts by governments all around the world to rein in the rising costs of reimbursed health care, driven by an aging population and the availability of advanced medical technologies, both the pharmaceutical and medical device industries are entering a new era that will ask the very best of us in terms of innovation
to bring meaningful medicines and therapies to physicians and patients worldwide.
(7) Prevent Blindness America. Available at: http://preventblindness.org/uveitis/. Accessed: February 22, 2010.
(8) Scher AI, Stewart WF, Liberman J, Lipton RB. Prevalence of frequent headache in population sample.
Headache, 1998.
(9) Bigal ME, Serrano D, Reed ML, Lipton RB. Chronic Migraine in the Population. Neurology, 71; 2008.
    10 allergan
annual report 2009 11
  –9.6%* –1.4% –3.2%
–17.6% –3.6% –6.3%
–13.9% –0.6% –3.2%
–10.6%
7.8% 4.2%
8.3% 17.7% 15.9%
