ALLERGAN
A UNIQUE SPECIALTY PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY FOCUSED ON GROWTH & INNOVATION
Results. I am pleased to report on another successful year of delivering innovations to meet the needs of our patients around the world. Total sales for the first time crossed the $2 billion dollar threshold in 2004, with revenues from our pharmaceuticals line increasing 16% in an industry challenged by slowing growth rates and a more difficult operating environment. Diluted earnings per share, adjusted for certain transaction gains and losses and final restructuring associated with the
2002 spin-off of our medical device businesses to Advanced Medical 12% in the first 9 months of 2004 in a market expanding by 7%,

according to IMS Health global data. Particularly good progress was made in the United States, with the value of prescriptions written by ophthalmologists for Allergan products being about 50% higher than that of the nearest branded competitor. As the original therapeutic dry eye product in the world, RESTASIS® ophthalmic emulsion was established as a key new therapeutic option for practitioners to supplement the use of artificial tears and reached $100 million in sales in its first full year on the market. LUMIGAN® ophthalmic solution, the most effective agent in lowering intra-ocular pressure (IOP), achieved
$233 million in 2004 sales, increasing by approximately 28% in a

Optics (AMO), increased by 20%, again placing us in the top quartile of performers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. A year of many achievements. Our robust sales growth was driven by a wide range of products ­ BOTOX®, BOTOX® Cosmetic, RESTASIS®,
LUMIGAN®, ZYMAR®, ELESTATTM and ACULAR® ­ an unusual strength

global glaucoma market that grew 8%. Our dermatology business suffered a disappointment in 2004. Allergan's R&D has one of the best track records in the industry for success measured in terms of the number of compounds entering the clinic relative to the number of market approvals, and has not experienced a non-approvable letter for a decade. We were disappointed by the FDA's decision to accord "non-approvable" status to our application for tazarotene oral although the FDA Dermatologic and Ophthalmic Drugs Advisory Committee and the Drug Safety and Risk Primary Management Committee had in fact found that the compound achieved its primary efficacy endpoints in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. We remain committed to seeking a resolution of this matter by working with the FDA to secure an approval, and eventually providing tazarotene oral as a new alternative to topical and biological treatments for physicians and their patients. Market research clearly indicates that psoriasis is a disease that represents an area of major unmet needs in terms of improved efficacy and reduced side effects. Ex-factory sales of our in-line dermatology products were also disappointing, declining by approximately 5%. This was primarily due to an excess of in-channel inventory of TAZORAC® cream and gel at the retail pharmacy level at the beginning of the year, which is difficult to detect from all sources of available market data. In terms of in-market

amongst companies of our size category in the pharmaceutical industry. We are also proud that we were once again able to gain market share in each of our product market categories. Growth was again led by BOTOX®, which continues to demonstrate its enormous versatility based on its multiple indications, over 15 year history of safe and effective use by physicians in millions of patients, and approved sale in approximately 75 countries around the globe. Overall sales of BOTOX® achieved $705 million, increasing by approximately 25% over 2003. Sales of BOTOX® Cosmetic, also marketed under the VISTABEL® brand in Europe, increased by approximately
30% over 2003 as part of a global mega trend of the "Baby Boomer"

generation's desire to not only feel good but look good. Whilst
BOTOX® enjoys fame as being the wrinkle treatment and is one of

the best known pharmaceutical brands in the world, the cosmetic indication, in fact, only accounts for 42% of worldwide sales. Strong growth of BOTOX® in therapeutic indications was registered at approximately 20% as BOTOX® continues to enjoy expanding use in many indications around the world. In ophthalmology, Allergan was again the fastest growing global company in the world, increasing in-market sales by approximately

sales, however, TAZORAC® grew 12% which made it the fastest growing topical retinoid in the market to treat acne in the United States. As an organization, we enjoyed a very strong position in the dermatology and plastic surgery specialist markets in 2004, being one of the top three companies, based on sales of BOTOX® Cosmetic, TAZORAC® cream and gel, and our other dermatology products. Unfortunately, setbacks such as tazarotene oral occur in the high risk, high reward pharmaceutical industry. In developing corporate strategy and managing a business for long-term success, it is a question of how an organization deals with reversals. Our reaction has been to galvanize management and employees to focus on the products and tools at our disposal to continue to produce great results and great success. We believe that we are already seeing the benefits of this focus, just as we saw the benefits for the BOTOX® brand after the 2002 spin-off of AMO. We also take great pleasure in observing the success of the AMO team in their single-minded focus on what is their core medical device business. Focus on Innovation. As the only driver of long-term success, our foremost efforts and attention are directed to creating innovation and value for our physicians and patients. During 2004 we invested almost $350 million in R&D, an increase of approximately 13% versus
2003, excluding in-process R&D acquisition costs, and a sector lead-

agreement with the FDA on the protocols for studying BOTOX® in the treatment of migraine in large Phase III clinical trials. As a world first in the treatment of dry eye disease, we harnessed the power of consumer advertising in the United States to make patients aware of the availability of RESTASIS® as a powerful medication to treat dry eye. LUMIGAN® solidified its position as the most efficacious agent in the world for lowering IOP to treat glaucoma and achieved the status of being a first-line treatment option in the European Union. In our attempts to address more than just IOP, we continue to invest heavily in our pioneering clinical studies in memantine, which if proven effective, would be the first approved agent to directly protect the optic nerve from glaucomatous damage. We are also continuing our studies in humans on the neuroprotective properties of ALPHAGAN® ophthalmic solution, our other world leading glaucoma product. In order to provide greater convenience and compliance to our patients, we started successfully marketing COMBIGAN®, a fixed combination of ALPHAGAN® and timolol, in Canada and Brazil. Moreover, in early
2005 we secured approval for COMBIGAN® in Switzerland as the first

European market, and are awaiting action by other key agencies in the United States and the European Union. ZYMAR®, a new potent fourth generation fluoroquinolone for treating ocular infections, was established as the No. 1 choice of American ophthalmologists and was launched in several key Latin American markets. ELESTATTM was launched in Europe and was established as a leading allergy product in the United States by our partner, Inspire Pharmaceuticals. Addressing the area of retinal diseases, which are currently the leading cause of blindness in the developed world, we made great strides in progressing our programs for macular edema with POSURDEX®, which utilizes the unique technology from Oculex Pharmaceuticals which we acquired in 2003, our bioerodable delivery system and triamcinolone, a collaboration with the National Eye Institute. Moving our earlier stage innovative technology to the next decisive phase, we filed Investigational New Drug (IND) applications with the FDA in 2004, both for our proton pump inhibitor pro-drug for the treatment of gastrointestinal heartburn, as well as for an alpha adrenergic agonist for neuropathic pain. Focus on Efficiency & Effectiveness. Focus on innovation is no longer the only means to secure long-term success in an industry where ever greater cost pressures are building up in the healthcare

ing 18% of pharmaceutical sales. We also invested 40% of sales in Selling, General & Administrative Expenses (SG&A), which places Allergan at the top of the pharmaceutical industry in terms of our resources dedicated to selling and marketing. Administrative expenses as a component of SG&A were comfortably below 8% of sales. Thanks to these continued strong investments, we achieved some notable successes in 2004. The approval in the United States for BOTOX® for hyperhidrosis, a disease afflicting some 1.3 million Americans, marked a breakthrough new treatment option. We are working to build this market ­ making patients aware of this treatment, training physicians and securing reimbursement. In the area of BOTOX® Cosmetic we are training physicians in all the continents of the world where this indication is approved to improve their treatment techniques and to organize their practices for delivering customer satisfaction. In early 2005 we secured for VISTABEL® positive opinions ­ the precursor to commercialization licenses ­ in an additional 12 European Union countries. At year end, we secured

2004: A year of many achievements.
systems around the world. For this reason, we at Allergan also place great emphasis on driving efficiency and effectiveness in all of our functions. Since 1997 we have substantially expanded productivity, having increased sales per capita by more than threefold. Unusual in our industry, one in two Allergan personnel today work in either R&D or in our salesforces ­ the two drivers of growth. These massive productivity gains were possible as we consolidated our manufacturing into only three plants, where we continue to invest heavily, and streamlined our overhead structures. This process continues as we announced further streamlining of our European business in early 2005, which will lead to greater concentration of our R&D into the United States and the United Kingdom and leaner back-office functions. New clinical development processes and metrics are in place not only to maintain Allergan's status as one of the fastest in the industry but also to lower the costs of our clinical studies. In 2005, these measures are expected to help us save about $15 million in clinical development costs where the savings will be reinvested back into additional quantities of new studies. In manufacturing, we utilize Six Sigma and lean manufacturing techniques in our three plants. Constant training of our top-rated salesforces is designed not only to improve customer satisfaction but also to increase the number of calls per day and per year, harnessing state-ofthe-art information technology. Efficiency and effectiveness are evident in our financial metrics. Return on equity at year end, adjusted for non-GAAP items, was 33% versus an industry benchmark of 20% and return on capital, adjusted for non-GAAP items, moved up to 22% from 14% in 2000 and versus an industry average of 15%. We ended the year with a record low for days of sales outstanding (DSO) of 40 days and low inventories of
79 days on hand (DOH). At year end, Allergan held an aggregate

make us a unique specialty pharmaceutical company more akin to the best of the profitable biotechnology companies. Given the escalating prices to acquire or license early stage products in the market, driven by the demand from "Big Pharma" and "Big Biotechs" for new products, these technologies are key assets of value in Allergan's portfolio. As we embark on 2005, our clinical development staff is focusing on those key projects that are anticipated to deliver new product approvals in the next two to three years and our commercial teams are focusing their financial and human resources on the key product growth drivers. The mid-year appointment of Dr. Scott Whitcup, an ophthalmologist, retina specialist, internist, and former Clinical Director at the National Eye Institute, to lead Allergan's R&D function, has already brought new approaches, building on the best practices of prior years, to accelerating certain clinical programs and to focusing efforts in discovery research to rapidly bring compounds into the clinic. I wish to thank the many hard working and talented Allergan employees around the globe that contributed to making 2004 another successful year. In a pharmaceutical industry facing unprecedented change, I wish to acknowledge the support and counsel of our exceptional Board of Directors. I thank, in particular, Dr. Lester Kaplan who retired from Allergan's management and Board in 2004 after having built our R&D organization over a 20 year career with the Company; and Prof. Ronald Cresswell, formerly Chief Scientific Officer of Warner Lambert, who retired from the Board for health reasons. The recent additions to our Board have further strengthened our global pharmaceutical industry experience and perspective: Prof. Trevor Jones, who served as the Director General of the British Pharmaceutical Industry Association and hitherto main board director responsible for R&D at Wellcome; and Robert Ingram, Vice Chairman Pharmaceuticals of GlaxoSmithKline, who has spent his entire career in the industry. Finally, I wish to thank our shareholders for their continuing loyalty and support.

cash position of about $900 million, and just over $300 million in terms of cash net of debt, an increase of roughly $400 million in one year. This should provide us flexibility for future strategic transactions. Focusing on our Future. By combining the best elements of biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical industry models, Allergan is well equipped to face and address the challenges of our industry. Our discovery research capabilities, as evidenced by our platform technologies in the areas of neurotoxins, alpha agonists for the treatment of pain, tyrosine kinase inhibitors for age-related macular degeneration and sodium channel blockers for neurologic disorders, are a reflection of the entrepreneurial and innovative culture at Allergan, and

David E. I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

