   4
Fellow shareholders, employees and friends:
Welcome to the new Actavis, Inc.
2012 was a transformational year in the history of our Company. Beginning the year as separate entities, Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Actavis Group came together as one, creating a new global specialty pharmaceutical leader.
With a single, commercially compelling transaction, we more than doubled our international access and strengthened our commercial position in key established European markets as well as emerging growth markets in Central and Eastern Europe, Russia and Southeast Asia. The transaction achieved our stated strategic objective of expanding and diversifying our business into a truly global company, with approximately 40 percent of our generic proforma revenues now coming from markets outside of the U.S.
We have a strong, sustainable financial foundation, a strengthened global commercial position spanning more than 60 countries and a commitment to funding Research and Development (R&D) at levels sufficient to generate a robust and diversified development pipeline. The new Actavis is positioned to deliver on our objective of double-digit growth in 2013 and beyond.

Outstanding 2012 Financial Results
Total revenue in 2012 grew to $5.9 billion, a 29 percent increase over the prior year. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew an exceptional 26 percent to $6.00 per diluted share, and cash flow from operations was approximately $666 million. On a GAAP basis, earnings per diluted share for the full year 2012 were $0.76. This reflects two months of results from legacy Actavis Group, following the close of the transaction on October 31, 2012.
On a proforma basis, the new Actavis launched more
than 1,000 generic products globally, and filed more than 1,500 applications in 2012. We experienced growth from U.S. sales of our key promoted brand products including Rapaflo®, Crinone® and Generess® Fe, and we continued to record progress in our biosimilar collaboration with Amgen where we are actively pursuing biosimilar versions of Herceptin®, Avastin®, Rituxan/MabThera® and Erbitux®.
Our growth continues to be driven by our internal investment in R&D. We invested a record $401.8 million
in 2012, doubling the amount we have invested since 2009. Our pipeline today is among the strongest in
the industry, with over 185 Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) on file with the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA), including 49 first-to-file opportunities, of which, 33 are potentially exclusive.
We have more than 250 ongoing R&D projects for the EU and the U.S., and we are diversifying our U.S. portfolio into
more complex, higher barrier products that we believe will face limited competition when they reach the market. The Actavis acquisition also brought with it significant opportunities for synergies across our global business. Initially, these savings will primarily consist of R&D, SG&A and procurement synergies. In the longer term, the optimization of our supply chain will be a key factor in driving annual synergies in excess of $300 million.
Actavis Pharma Highlights
Our global generics business – now known as Actavis Pharma – saw net revenue increase 32 percent to $4.45 billion for the full year 2012, primarily due to higher international revenues, as well as increased sales of the authorized generic versions of Concerta® and Lipitor® in the U.S. We ended 2012 ranked in the top 10 in 33 global markets.
U.S. growth was driven by strong performance of the base business, which was complemented by more than 30 new product launches in the U.S. including generic versions of Lovenox®, Xopenex® and Adderall XR®. Outside the U.S., growth was driven by new product introductions, business development initiatives and other activities.
We also continued to build for the future, with more than 1,500 generic product filings on a pro forma basis, 16 R&D sites around the world and a world-class portfolio that spans all dosage forms.
 Strong, Sustainable Financial Foundation
    $U.S.
$7.00 $6.00 $5.00 $4.00 $3.00 $2.00 $1.00 $0.00
$4.77
$6.00
2012*
                            $3.04
$3.42
   $2.03
     2008 2009 2010 2011
* Please refer to the reconciliation tables at the end of this report for a reconciliation of non-GAAP items
5
2008 – 2012: Non-GAAP EPS CAGR >31%

 Actavis Specialty Brands Highlights
Net revenues in our Actavis Specialty Brands segment, formerly known as Global Brands, increased by approximately 9 percent in 2012 to $482.4 million, primarily due to the addition of new products including Kadian®, which was acquired as part of the Actavis acquisition, as well as increased sales of key products including Rapaflo®, Crinone®, Generess® Fe and INFeD®. We also successfully converted our Androderm® patch from 2.5 mg and 5 mg strengths to 2 mg and 4 mg strengths. During the year, we significantly increased our investment in the development of new products from approximately $68 million in 2011 to approximately $146 million in 2012.
Internationally, we achieved important milestones in
the global expansion of our Speciality Brands business, launching Rapaflo®, Gelnique®, Androderm® and Oxytrol® in Canada in 2012 and filing applications for Rapaflo®
and Gelnique® approval in Brazil. In January 2013, we acquired Uteron Pharma SA, which adds three near-term and three longer term projects to our Women’s Health development portfolio. A development-based company headquartered in Liege, Belgium, Uteron specializes in products for contraception, infertility, vaginal infections and female cancer.
Pharma
Specialty Brands
Global Operations
Anda Distribution Highlights
Anda Distribution had net revenues of $986.4 million in 2012, a 27 percent increase over the prior year. This increase was primarily due to new third-party product launches, as well as an increase in base business sales.
In 2012, Anda enhanced its strategic value to our Company by launching new programs that increased product offerings to include more branded products and an expanded specialty distribution capability.
The year also saw the opening of a new state-of-the-art Anda distribution facility in Olive Branch, Mississippi. Located in close proximity to the FedEx® hub in Memphis, Tennessee, the 234,000 square foot, $23 million facility enables us to more efficiently and cost-effectively support our customers.
                                                 6

  United By Our Winning Way
When we united Watson and Actavis last year, we brought together a combined workforce of more than 17,000 highly skilled individuals around the world. In our pursuit to combine the best of both corporate cultures, it quickly became apparent how similar they already were. We unveiled Our Winning Way — a combination of Watson’s Our Winning Behaviors and Actavis’ Orange Way — and three powerful words — Challenge, Connect, Commit — that define the actions we take individually, and as a team, in pursuing our global mission.
With this new beginning came the adoption of a new global mission statement, which underscores our commitment to making a difference for our customers, consumers, shareholders and each other. Under this new mission, each of our employees in the 62 countries in which we operate can recognize the importance that their contributions, as groups, departments and individuals, will make to the future of our global company.
The values of Our Winning Way were highlighted in 2012 by our ongoing commitment to corporate responsibility. During the year, we continued our support of the March of Dimes annual March for Babies, an extraordinary fundraising event that provides vital funding to help the March of Dimes prevent birth defects, premature birth and infant mortality.
We also celebrated the combination of Watson and Actavis with a contribution and partnership with International Health Partners (IHP), a not-for-profit relief and development organization with a mission to increase access to medicine and improve health in the developing world. As a proud national sponsor of ‘The Medicine Abuse Project’, we supported efforts to educate patients nationwide about the dangers of abusing medicine and empowering people to take action, and we also regularly partner with international disaster relief organizations including the Red Cross, Americares and International Aid to provide much needed financial support and product supplies in the wake of global disasters.
Perhaps the best embodiment of Our Winning Way, however, came from our employees in Copiague, NY, who gave back to their neighbors and friends that suffered devastating damage in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. In the wake of the storm, our Company made a contribution to Island Harvest, a Long Island, NY food bank, to fund a corporate recovery team, providing a mobile pantry stocked with food, water and other essentials that were distributed in the hard-hit south shore village of Babylon, NY. Despite facing great hardships themselves, employees from our Copiague facility, along with some of their children, used these supplies to support hundreds of families who lost power, provisions and, in some cases, their homes.
7

 8
Strategies for Continued
Long-Term Growth
As we move forward, I would like to reflect on how far we have come. Five years ago, we set a goal to build a global specialty pharmaceutical company that was well positioned for sustainable long-term growth.
Today, the new Actavis is a strong and growing company with a sound business model. We have a larger, more diversified geographic footprint, enhanced R&D capabilities, one of the strongest pipelines in
the industry and a leading global supply chain with
the capability to develop and manufacture product in multiple dosage forms.
Our progress has been remarkable, and I would like to thank our global employees whose contributions have been integral to our success. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for their continued support of our management team and our strategic vision, and our investors and shareholders for the confidence they have placed in our Company.
The achievement of one set of goals, however, brings with it the desire to reach even greater heights. Today, we are
setting our sights on a new strategic objective through 2018 – to make Actavis a premier global specialty company continuously delivering sustainable growth for its shareholders.
And just as before, we will achieve this goal through strategic objectives spanning each of our diversified business segments.
For Actavis Pharma, we will continue to drive growth
and expand our market share in key markets, particularly within our North American business, while leveraging our assets worldwide. We will also look to further expand and diversify our portfolio and optimize the potential of our global commercial network.
In Actavis Specialty Brands, growth will be driven by our key promoted products, but also through our expanded pipeline of near- and long-term opportunities. We will also focus on leveraging our expanded geographic footprint to drive the continued international growth of the business. And we will maintain a sharp focus on executing our biosimilars strategy to ensure Actavis is well-positioned to be a leader in this emerging high-value opportunity.

 Finally, within Actavis Global Operations, we will drive growth by leveraging our expanded global network to lower costs and optimize capacity, while maintaining the highest global quality and customer service standards and expanding our Anda Distribution offerings to better serve our customers.
With the commitment of our 17,000 employees around the world, the new Actavis stands today as a dynamic global player that is recognized worldwide as a leader in providing high-quality pharmaceuticals. As a strong, growing company with a sound business model, we are poised for double-digit growth in 2013 and beyond.
 Sincerely,
 Paul Bisaro
President and CEO
9
