 shareholders’ letter
   
 In ophthalmology, we launched multiple innovative products: RESTASIS, which is the world’s first and only therapeutic dry eye product that relieves the symptoms of dry eye disease by restoring natural tear production; ZYMAR, the first fourth-generation fluoroquinolone anti-infective; and ACULAR LS, an optimized formulation of the world’s largest topical non-steroidal anti- inflammatory. In the BOTOX area, we launched VISTABEL, the trade name for BOTOX Cosmetic in Europe. BOTOX also received approval for hyperhidrosis, a chronic condition of excessive sweating, in the European Union. Although famous both in the United States and across the world as the wrinkle treatment, 60 percent of BOTOX sales are related to applications for chronic therapeutic conditions. In using BOTOX, the physician seeks to temporarily relax a muscle or reduce the activity of an overactive gland. Today, BOTOX is approved by regulatory agencies in 73 countries around the world and for use in up to 20 different indications, depending on the country. This points to the enormous versatility of BOTOX. With a large number of clinical studies and scientific papers exploring new BOTOX treatments, other uses continue to be reported. These include new therapeutic areas such as migraine and pain related to neuromuscular disorders.
STRONG OPERATING PERFORMANCE AND KEY TRANSACTIONS. Earnings per share in 2003 increased by 23 percent on a recurring basis, adjusting principally for the write-off of in-process R&D relating to two transactions that occurred during the year: the exercise of our option to purchase Bardeen Sciences Company, LLC and the acquisition of Oculex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. These two transactions further increased the depth and breadth of Allergan’s R&D pipeline. The Bardeen transaction enabled us to secure the sole rights to such important ophthalmology programs such as memantine, LUMIGAN in a fixed combination with timolol, androgen tears and the tazarotene oral program for acne. The Oculex acquisition accelerated our entry into the next key market in ophthalmology, therapeutics to treat diseases of the retina, by several years. Specifically, we obtained POSURDEX, a steroid implant for the treatment of macular edema, as well as the Oculex bioerodable delivery platform. This proprietary bioerodable device is capable of supplying minute amounts of drug to the back of the eye for a period of as long as six months and will serve as the delivery vehicle for Allergan’s early stage proprietary anti-VEGF, tazarotene, Panzem and other compounds. Market leadership in the retinal disease market will be determined by relative efficacy of the competing drugs, as well as the ability to deliver the drugs safely and effectively to the back of the eye in a low number of treatment cycles per year. The acquisition of the Oculex technology places Allergan at the forefront of this opportunity.
We also again fulfilled our goal of providing earnings performance in the top quartile of the best specialty pharmaceutical and biotech companies. As evidence of our financial and operational strength, we generated $326 million of operating cash flow prior to dividend payments and share repurchases. This was after investing $110 million into new fixed assets, principally in a new BOTOX facility in Ireland, which addresses our foreseeable expanding demand for BOTOX for the coming decade, and a state-of-the-art, 170,000 square foot R&D facility at our Irvine campus that will address our laboratory space requirements for roughly the next five years. We managed our working capital even tighter than in prior years with inven- tory days on hand (DOH) declining by 14 days to 78 days and receivables holding constant, even as our sales expanded strongly. Days of Sales outstanding finished the year at a record low of 42 days. At year end we held a cash position of $508 million, granting us flexibility for future strategic transactions.
Reinvestment into the two key drivers of growth in the pharmaceutical industry, R&D and Sales and Marketing, remained at very high levels and at the top of the benchmarks for the best companies in our peer group of specialty pharmaceutical and large biotech companies. Our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenditures increased 17 percent over 2002, as adjusted for one-time items, given the investments in launches of multiple new products and were 41.5 percent of pharmaceutical-only sales. Expenditures on R&D, adjusted for the in-process R&D charges referenced above, increased 34 percent to $306 million, or 18.3 percent of pharmaceutical-only sales.
HIGH MARKET SHARES AND STRONG GROWTH IN EVERY BUSINESS. In 2003, with both the cosmetic and therapeutic franchises growing at approximately the same rate, BOTOX sales increased by 28 percent to $564 million. As a result, the therapeutic share of total sales remained at approximately 60 percent of the total, consistent with the 2002 mix. The unique versatility of BOTOX is the key strategic driver for the long-term growth sustainability of this product. The BOTOX therapeutic franchise is made up of a great diversity of indications ranging from mature ophthalmic movement disorders such as blepharospasm, to cervical dystonia, to emerging use in hyperhidrosis, migraine headaches, pain associated with movement disorders and overactive bladder. With 15 years of history in the United States, approval in 73 countries around the world and over 1 million patients treated with BOTOX in 2002 alone, BOTOX has a virtually unparalleled record in the pharmaceutical industry of use for many serious medical conditions. Allergan continues to invest heavily in BOTOX R&D – over $200 million in the past three years – to investigate and secure regulatory approval for new indications for BOTOX as well as to further improve the product.
             
 shareholders’ letter
In ophthalmology, Allergan was again the fastest growing global company in the world, increasing in-market sales by 19 percent in the first nine months of 2003, according to IMS global data. In fact, Allergan has been the fastest growing global company since 2002 and is poised to capture the No. 2 global position in 2004. Strong market share gains were recorded in all of the key segments of the ophthalmology market where we compete. In particular, glaucoma, which accounts for 43 percent of the world ophthalmology market, saw significant share gains thanks to major sales increases for LUMIGAN as well as continuing growth of our ALPHAGAN franchise, given the strong market acceptance of our enhanced ALPHAGAN P formula in the United States. Market share gains were also made with anti-infectives, based on the successful introduction of ZYMAR, and in the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory market, aided by the launch of ACULAR LS, as well as in the artificial tears market, where Allergan is the market leader with our broad range of REFRESH tears products.
In our third platform business, dermatology in North America, excellent progress was again made in 2003 with sales increasing by 21 percent. Sales of TAZORAC/AVAGE expanded by 29 percent to $80 million, securing Allergan’s leadership position in the specialty market for topical treatments for acne and psoriasis, and we continue to be one of the fastest growing competitors in this area. This strength may be used as leverage in the Company’s next major product introduction, tazarotene oral for psoriasis, which was filed with the FDA during the third quarter of 2003. We currently expect to launch this product at the end of 2004. Psoriasis is a market characterized by significant unmet medical needs, as evidenced by a flurry of activity to launch new biological agents by several biotechnology companies. Tazarotene oral will compete indirectly with these new agents and some older products on the basis of its convenient once-per-day oral dosing and relative efficacy combined with a good side effect profile. In addition, it should appeal to managed care companies with its lower pricing compared to the new biologicals.
OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE. Today Allergan is already acknowledged as a leader in ophthalmology, neuromodulators with BOTOX and dermatology. Our strategy for the future is to continue to bolster our strengths in these existing areas and, by following the technology being developed in our laboratories, to add positions in neurology, gastroenterology and potentially another therapeutic area. This will establish Allergan as a multi-platform specialty company.
We have one of the best drug pipelines in the industry relative to our size. With an exceptional portfolio of early and mid-stage pipeline compounds, coupled with no fewer than ten projects in Phase III, and the integration of the Oculex programs, there is a requirement for continuing high investment rates in R&D – some $330 million to $350 million in 2004. In addition, in 2004 we plan to file no fewer than five Investigational New Drug applications (INDs) with the FDA.
The richness, breadth and depth of our pipeline – unusual in our industry at this time – mean that we have the good fortune of deciding among many exciting strategic options. Faced with these many options, we have developed processes for disciplined resource allocation and rigorous portfolio planning so that we may concentrate our resources on the highest return projects for long-term shareholder value creation. In this context, we selected retinal diseases as the next large potential market in ophthalmology and acquired the Oculex technology. We have decided to avoid the costs of building a sales infrastructure overseas by out-licensing tazarotene oral outside North America for psoriasis and out-licensing LUMIGAN in Japan, thus leveraging partners’ existing sales forces. Also in the discovery area we must focus our prolific efforts on the highest potential areas. As a consequence, we currently plan to spin out our early stage retinoid technology in 2004.
For all of our accomplishments in 2003, I wish to recognize the hard work, creativity and dedication of talented Allergan employees around the world. As the Company has grown and evolved, many new demands have been placed on our management and all of our associates. Fortunately, these demands also yielded many opportunities for professional and personal development. In developing a new strategic plan for the next phase in growth of Allergan, I wish also to acknowledge the support and counsel of our strong Board of Directors, whose rich experience covers many aspects of the health care field and global business. I want to thank our shareholders for your continuing loyalty and support. Above all, I wish to make a tribute to the patients whom we serve, whose stories make our work so vital and to whom we dedicate our discovery efforts to meet unmet needs.
David E. I. Pyott
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 