 4
AGN TO OUR INVESTORS
 Strong Financial Performance
The year 2000 marked yet another gratifying year for Allergan’s stockholders, with the value of the Company’s stock gaining a strong 95% in an otherwise disappointing stock market environment. In just three years, Allergan’s market capitalization has increased almost six- fold from $2.2 billion in 1997 to close the year 2000 at approximately $13.0 billion. In 2000, we have once again more than delivered on our aspirations of sales growth in the mid-teens, as measured in constant currency, and earnings per share (EPS) growth in excess of 20%, as measured in U.S. dollars. During the year, sales at constant currency rates, and excluding the effect of divested skin care products in 1999 and 2000, increased by 15.5% and diluted EPS, excluding the effect of certain one-time transactions, increased by 24%. This strong EPS performance was achieved despite the significant negative impact from weak European and Australian currencies and after vigorously reinvesting back into the core growth drivers of the business – sales and marketing and research and development (R&D).
Allergan’s gross margin has continued to rise steadily from 64.9% in 1997, to 67.7% in 1998, to 71.1% in 1999 and, finally, to 72.5% in 2000. This margin expansion is primarily attributable to a greater pharmaceutical product sales mix, substantial volume leverage through fewer manufacturing facilities, and gross margin improvements in virtually all of the Company’s individual businesses. Considerable management attention has been, and will continue to be, directed toward improving gross margins, as this is one of the Company’s core avenues of reinvesting into R&D and sales and marketing. In the year 2000, R&D expenditures represented 12.5% of sales, an increase of 16% over the prior year. Since the end of 1997, our R&D team has been expanded by 29% to approximately 1,000 employees and our sales forces by 34% to approximately 1,600 employees. Consistent with our goal of lean staff functions, general & administrative expenses continued their downward trend as a percentage of sales and were 8.2% of sales in 2000 versus a peak of 10.5% of sales in 1997, prior to our restructuring program.
We are pleased to report that the Company’s balance sheet is in excellent condition. We closed the year with a cash balance of approximately $774 million and a positive net cash position of approximately $130 million, after subtracting short and long-term debt. During 2000, Allergan generated free cash flow of $244 million and completed a very successful convertible debt offering that yielded proceeds of approximately $400 million. Due to tight management of the balance sheet, return on equity has increased from 11.2% in 1997 to 24.5% in 2000. This financial strength, coupled with our track record of earnings consistency (exceeding Wall Street analysts’ consensus earnings estimate for 12 straight quarters) and a strong price-earnings ratio, has created a substantial degree of strategic flexibility for the Company.

 5
AGN
   R&D Performance
It is clear that the best source of long-term financial growth is our own R&D pipeline, and 2000 represented yet another blockbuster year for productivity from R&D. We received approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for ALOCRIL for the treatment of itch associated with ocular allergies; the SENSAR acrylic intraocular lens for the treatment of cataracts; BOTOX for the treatment of adults with cervical dystonia; REFRESH CONTACTS rewetting drops; and TAZORAC Cream for the treatment of plaque psoriasis. Additional approvals were received from the Japanese Ministry of Health for BOTOX for the treatment of hemifacial spasm and in Europe for an improved formulation of BOTOX with reduced antibody provoking protein. In 2000, new filings with the FDA for marketing approvals were also prolific. These filings included: Brimonidine X, an improved formulation of ALPHAGAN, Allergan’s current lead glaucoma product; LUMIGAN, a potential best-in-class drug in the glaucoma arena; TAZORAC Cream for the treatment of acne; and, in early 2001, BOTOX for the treatment of glabellar lines (prominent lines of the brow). In Europe, both LUMIGAN for glaucoma and BOTOX for the treatment of hyperhidrosis were filed with the appropriate regulatory authorities. We also filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with the FDA for an andrenergic agonist for glaucoma.
Finally, we are pleased to report that the significant investments in R&D over the last three years have built one of the deepest and broadest pipelines in the specialty pharmaceutical sector, with a good balance between discovery programs and compounds in early and late- stage development. In addition, Allergan benefits from experienced and integrated global R&D teams located in Irvine, California, the United Kingdom, France, and Japan. Our internal efforts have been supplemented with an extensive array of external technology collaborations – with companies that offer specialized discovery tools, academic institutions, and biotechnology firms. Given our commitment to R&D and our leading global market share positions, particularly in ophthalmology, Allergan represents an attractive partner for other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who have an interest in the out-licensing of compounds. In the eye care arena, recent examples of our in-licensing activity include gatifloxicin in the anti-infective category, epinastine in the allergy category, and ATX-S10 in the photodynamic therapy (age-related macular degeneration) category.
David E. I. Pyott, President and Chief Executive Officer (left) and Herbert W. Boyer, Chairman of the Board

 6
AGN
 Market Performance
During the year, the growth of our pharmaceutical businesses was the most dramatic, with pharmaceutical sales approaching two-thirds of total Allergan sales, up from roughly half in 1997. The growth in our pharmaceutical businesses reinforces our goal to transition more and more to a specialty pharmaceutical company. Pharmaceutical growth was led by BOTOX for movement disorders; ALPHAGAN for glaucoma; our extensive line of artificial tears with the flagship brand REFRESH; TAZORAC for acne and psoriasis; and the launch of ALOCRIL in the ocular allergy category within the United States. In 2000, ALPHAGAN became the 2nd largest of all glaucoma drugs in terms of global market sales. In addition, two products crossed the $200 million sales mark for the first time in the Company’s history, BOTOX and ALPHAGAN. Outside of our specialty physician channels, we executed co-promotion agreements with partners to cover general practitioners and pediatricians.
We are particularly proud of the progress Allergan’s surgical business has made in sales growth and profitability. Sales in our surgical business have enjoyed rapid growth due to our relentless focus on the high technology, high-margin segments of the business – foldable intraocular lenses and phacoemulsification machines for cataracts. Allergan successfully launched the SENSAR foldable intraocular acrylic lens in North America and recently entered the refractive market in the United States with the AMADEUS microkeratome. Contribution of the surgical business to corporate profitability enjoyed a substantial improvement in 2000.
It is clear that the trends in the global lens care market have been disappointing as this market is in a state of marginal decline. While Allergan, as the world market leader in hydrogen peroxide systems, is disproportionately impacted by the transition to more convenient one bottle multi-purpose solutions, we continued to gain market share overall on a global basis. This is driven by the sales of Allergan’s multi-purpose product, COMPLETE, which grew three times faster than the world market growth of this category. Despite challenging top line dynamics, lens care solutions continues to represent a high net margin contributor to corporate profitability.
As a result of our explicit attention to the execution of our global strategies, our speed of action in the market, attention to detail and closeness to our customers, we are pleased to report that we have been able to increase our global market shares in every one of our businesses.
Outlook for 2001
In the last three years, Allergan has reaped considerable benefits from executing the 1998 strategic plan in a highly disciplined manner. In 1998 and 1999, we restructured and reinvested into the core growth drivers of the business: sales and marketing, and R&D. In 1999 and 2000, we leveraged and extended our product, technology, and sales force assets through in-licensing, partnerships and alliances. Our organization is solid and aligned with our efforts directed toward organic growth and innovation. While there is no need for acquisitions in order to fulfill our growth objectives, we now have built an efficient

 operating model and have attained a position of financial strength that will permit us to pursue the right strategic opportunities. Our attention is clearly focused on enhancing our specialty pharmaceuticals presence, particularly in areas that are contiguous to our current strength and expertise, and where we can build or occupy clear market leadership positions.
2001 lays the foundation for strong long-term growth from exciting new products, approval of new indications for BOTOX, and our existing product lines. LUMIGAN was filed in September 2000 with the FDA and has since been granted priority review. LUMIGAN was also filed in December 2000 in Europe. LUMIGAN has the potential of being a best-in- class therapy for the treatment of glaucoma and will receive the fullest support from the largest ophthalmic sales force in the industry in North America, Europe, Asia/Pacific (outside Japan), and, in early 2001, the largest in Latin America. In addition, we are striving to receive an approval for marketing BOTOX for the glabellar lines indication in the United States, France and Canada. Once approved, we intend to utilize our existing dermatology sales forces to further expand the business in this indication. Regarding RESTASIS for dry eye, we remain committed to securing approval for this pioneering therapy from the FDA and the relevant authorities around the world and are moving forward on an additional clinical trial. In Japan we expect approvals for marketing our SENSAR acrylic and ARRAY multi-focal silicone lenses and, in late 2001, BOTOX for cervical dystonia.
*****
The great results in 2000 are largely attributable to the efforts and skills of our strong, capable management team and a committed and talented workforce worldwide who are fully motivated by our mission to improve our patients’ lives and address unmet medical needs. Despite the tight labor market, Allergan enjoyed high employee retention and was able to attract highly qualified candidates to our expanding R&D and sales and marketing teams due to the entrepreneurial working environment of a “small” company. We wish to recognize all of our employees’ contributions. Mindful of the high expectations for Allergan’s performance, we will in 2001 continue to drive efficiency in all areas of the Company and to further develop our R&D pipeline.
Finally, we wish to thank you, our stockholders, for your support. As we have done in 1998, 1999, and 2000, we will strive to provide continued top quartile value creation in this coming year and beyond.
David E. I. Pyott Herbert W. Boyer
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
7
AGN
   