 Letter to Shareholders
 For AMERIGROUP, this was a year of substantial accomplishments and positive, sweeping change. We completed a seamless leadership and management transition, greatly expanded our capacity to offer healthcare services to more people in both existing and new markets, surpassed important revenue and cash flow milestones, and delivered financial results that steadily exceeded our goals.
Even for a business as vibrant and rapidly evolving as AMERIGROUP, the pace of change during 2007 was noteworthy.
Our membership at year end was 1.7 million, an increase of nearly 400,000 from the previous year. The largest source
of this growth was in Tennessee, where we began operations in the State’s Middle and West Regions. We also entered South Carolina and enlarged our presence in Texas and Ohio. In addition, we announced expansion of our Medicare program from two to seven states.
Our 2007 accomplishments won national attention. Forbes magazine included us on its list of the 400 Best Big Companies. We were also featured in Fortune magazine, which ranked us number 676 on its list of America’s 1,000 largest publicly traded corporations.
We also carried out the most consequential leadership change in AMERIGROUP’s history when our founder and Chairman, Jeffrey L. McWaters, retired as Chief Executive Officer. Jeff ’s vision and achievements created a legacy that will remain with AMERIGROUP for many years to come.
In 2007, we significantly expanded our ability to serve people with serious illnesses and disabilities. This work introduced us to many remarkable people, including Lex Frieden. Lex
is the convener of AMERIGROUP’s National Advisory Board on Improving Healthcare Services for Seniors and People with Disabilities. Among other accomplishments, he was instrumental in conceiving and drafting the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Lex became a quadriplegic as a result of an accident in his teens, but in the four decades since, he has led a life of tremendous achievement. In 2007, he – and the rest of our National Advisory Board – enhanced AMERIGROUP’s understanding of how to best serve those with complex physical and/or behavioral health needs. Lex constantly reminds us that he defines himself not by his disabilities, but by his abilities.
At the beginning of 2008, I challenged the senior leadership of AMERIGROUP to aspire to what a mentor of mine has called “true, lasting, reliable strength.” This sort of strength is not loud or flashy. Instead, it quietly produces steady accomplishments and continuous change. Building on our work in 2007, and guided by those who embody true, lasting, reliable strength, we look forward to accomplishing even more in 2008.
James G. Carlson President and CEO
         Global Reports LLC
