  WHERE WE ARE GOING
By any measure, 2004 was AMERIGROUP’s strongest year to date. There are two reasons for this. We invested in the right technology and—most important—the right people to get the job done.
In November, we dedicated our National Support Center in Virginia Beach,Virginia, a state-of-the art facility that serves as the technological hub of our communications with members and healthcare providers. We also added depth and breadth to an executive team that was already exceptional.
Although our accomplishments in 2004 speak for themselves, we are honored that they have won public acclaim. As the year ended, Forbes magazine named AMERIGROUP one of “America’s Best Managed Companies.” We were selected as the country’s leading producer of healthcare services.
The past year was indeed remarkable, but we believe AMERIGROUP can achieve much more in the year ahead. We expect to continue adding members in the seven states where we currently operate. We will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that fit our strategy of carefully targeted expansion.
Demand for the knowledge and experience that AMERIGROUP offers is accelerating. State governments will spend more money on Medicaid in 2005 than on their public schools; they are looking to companies like ours to help control these enormous costs. Texas, Georgia and Florida are just three of the states moving to expand the role of public-sector healthcare companies like AMERIGROUP. We expect to work with these and other states as they develop needed reforms for the Medicaid program nationwide.
We also expect that AMERIGROUP will expand its programs to serve people with long term care physical or psychological illnesses. Seriously ill people covered by Medicaid’s Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program account for only about 30 percent of all Medicaid enrollees, but their complex needs require about 70 percent of Medicaid’s financial resources. Our CarePlus Health Plan will begin offering care for SSI enrollees in New York this year, increasing the number of states in which we offer long term care programs to five. We are pursuing SSI opportunities through our
AMERIPLUS program in other states as well.
When we founded AMERIGROUP, we believed we had a historic
opportunity to change lives, to change healthcare and to build an exceptional business. Now, as we begin our second decade, we believe that AMERIGROUP’s opportunities are greater than ever. All of us at
AMERIGROUP look forward to the changes, the challenges and the accomplishments that the next ten years will bring.
James G. Carlson Jeffrey L. McWaters
President and COO Chairman and CEO
  