 Letter To Stockholders
As 2009 marked the 15-year anniversary for Amerigroup, it was also a year that presented many challenges to the economy nationwide. Despite the turbulent environment – which included H1N1 related medical costs – we responded with determination and focused on our core objectives to improve the quality of care, increase efficiency and improve operational success. As a result we, and our members, flourished.
 Our total revenues for 2009 grew 16.9 percent, exceeding the
$5 billion mark for the first time in company history. This was fueled by the completion of the New Mexico program rollout and our Nevada launch, as well as a significant increase in organic membership due to the surge in Medicaid eligibility for our states.
The Coordination of Long-Term Services (CoLTS) program in New Mexico is designed to provide access to services for the diverse and multi-cultural population of Aged, Blind and Disabled (ABD) members. We believe that this unique program is a showcase of our expertise in an arena of increased interest by many state governments. In addition, our Nevada health plan began serving financially vulnerable citizens in Clark and Washoe counties. By year-end, we reached 62,000 members in Nevada.
Operationally, we decreased our Selling, General and Administrative expenses ratio over the year, as we effectively accommodated increased membership. We achieved operational cost savings while improving service to our customers by creating innovative vendor contracts and increasing our overall claims payment accuracy.
We achieved overall membership growth, as the number of people we serve increased from 1.6 million to 1.8 million by the end of 2009.
In Tennessee, we prepared to enter the long-term care market as an expansion to our current Tennessee business. This expansion builds upon the experience gained from our New Mexico CoLTS program.
Quality outcomes, for our members and the communities where we operate, are always our key focus. We sought and were awarded the health care standard for quality – NCQA accreditation – for our Tennessee plan. Additionally, we earned re-accreditation
by the NCQA for the company’s Disease Management programs. We also rolled out our new CarePlus case management pilot in Tennessee, to enhance care coordination for our members. This targeted approach advances our proactive efforts to improve health outcomes and cost savings.
Our associates continued to demonstrate an unparalleled passion for assisting those who need a little help, even beyond the members we serve. Their efforts were recognized with the prestigious Virginia Governor’s Volunteerism and Community Service Award for 2009. Additionally, we were recognized by PR News as the 2010 “Overall Leader in Corporate Social Responsibility Practices.”
Our National Advisory Board (NAB) for seniors and people with disabilities issued its first white paper, “A Declaration for
Independence: A Call to Transform Health and Long-Term Services for Seniors and People With Disabilities.”
The report encourages consumers, legislative officials, community-based organizations and health care providers to engage in substantive efforts to modernize our nation’s health care infrastructure.
On the legislative front we saw an expansion in the programs we operate. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) was reauthorized early in the year, and Congress passed a stimulus bill that increased state funding for Medicaid programs. Mid-year, sweeping health care reform legislation took center stage in Washington. As details continue to play out, we are ensuring that our presence is felt and our voice is heard as a model for accountable care.
We have invested significant time, training and resources to strengthen our corporate compliance and ethics standards. Additionally, our fraud, waste and abuse prevention efforts resulted in significant cost savings to taxpayers – by way of our extensive internal investigations to recover funds and identify unnecessary costs. One excellent example includes the role Amerigroup investigators played identifying and testifying in a federal case that led to the conviction of a Washington, D.C., physician who defrauded the government.
After 15 years of serving the nation’s most vulnerable citizens, Amerigroup is proud to represent a crucial sector in the health care industry with continued steady growth. Most importantly, we
are pleased to have built a solid reputation and foundation as a company. We are confident that at a time when health care solutions are desperately needed, we are a key piece of the health care puzzle – offering real solutions for our states, members and stakeholders – for 2010 and beyond.
James G. Carlson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 