   Global Reports LLC
For AMERIGROUP, 2006 was a year of exceptional challenges and exceptional promise. In 2005, we experienced an unanticipated increase in medical costs that reduced earnings and caused us to reassess our operations from top to bottom. To address these issues and to succeed in 2006, we retooled our organization and at the same time continued the rapid growth we have known since our founding.
We are pleased that in 2006 AMERIGROUP rose to meet its challenges and delivered the year’s full promise of achievement. By any measure, the results for the year were a tremendous improvement for our Company. Equally important, we laid the foundation for growth in 2007 and built a stronger organization that can manage our growth effectively.
We delivered the promise of growth. We successfully entered Georgia and ended the year with approximately 227,000 members, making it one of our largest startup health plans. We expanded our presence in five of our existing states. Our program for people with long-term illnesses and disabilities in Texas, AMERIPLUS, grew from one locality to three. We also won the opportunity to enter Tennessee, which will become our 10th state in early 2007, where we expect to cover over 150,000 members, including mothers, children and people with long-term disabilities.
To better serve our members and government partners, we increased our national workforce by approximately thirty percent, adding 800 new associates and opening our second National Support Center in Virginia Beach.
We delivered the promise of better healthcare for low-income Americans. Our eight disease management programs for conditions common among low-income Americans earned full NCQA Accreditation; our schizophrenia program
was the first in the nation to do so. We expanded and refined programs to help our members avoid “revolving door” hospitalization for serious illnesses. We also deployed a sophisticated Integrated Medical Management Model, or IM3, to assess and address the health needs of our members.
We delivered the promise of excellence in our operations. We improved our Company’s ability to pay our affiliated healthcare providers faster and more accurately. We successfully restructured our financial relationships with a number of key partners. We augmented our strong management programs with Six Sigma training for senior executives and enhanced compliance programs. The result is that we continued to offer quality healthcare services to our members at a considerably lower cost.
However, 2006 was not without disappointments. In October, a jury found against our Company in qui tam litigation related to operations in Illinois. We respectfully
disagree with this verdict and we are appealing. We believe
that our case is strong and that we offered quality
healthcare services to eligible members at all times.
In 2006, we delivered on our promise to members, state government partners and shareholders. Forbes magazine acknowledged this when it named us one of the 400 best big companies in the country. We believe that the advances we made in 2006 will enable us to accelerate our growth and success in the coming years.
Jeffrey L. McWaters James G. Carlson Chairman and CEO President and COO
