 The year 2005 was a pivotal point in the life of AMERIGROUP Corporation. As our Company moved ahead into its second decade, we embarked on the most exciting and expansive endeavors in our history. We entered new programs and new places that will accelerate our growth and enable us to do more than ever to meet the healthcare needs of low-income Americans. At the same time, we confronted the most imposing chal- lenges we have faced since our founding.
In 2005, AMERIGROUP opened important new pathways for growth. We expanded our core business — offering healthcare services to low-income mothers and children through the Medicaid program — by entering the states of Ohio and Virginia and by successfully integrating our acquisition of CarePlus Health Plan in New York. We strengthened an increasingly important part of our Company — serving people with chronic, long- term illnesses — by entering New York’s Long-Term Care program.
We secured two especially promising growth opportunities. The State of Georgia selected us to serve hun- dreds of thousands of its citizens in a statewide Medicaid managed care program that will begin in 2006. The federal government chose us to enter the Medicare program for the first time. AMERIGROUP is one of the first companies to offer a Special Needs Plan, or SNP, that serves people with complex medical needs who are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare.
Together, these accomplishments fueled our Company’s continued expansion. By year’s end our total mem- bership exceeded 1.1 million and our 2005 gross revenue exceeded $2.3 billion. Georgia is scheduled to soon become the tenth state in which AMERIGROUP operates.
However, we learned in 2005 that meeting our strategic goals is not always enough. In several states, we encountered more serious illnesses among our members and higher healthcare costs than we anticipated. Though AMERIGROUP continues to be profitable, our financial performance fell short of
our expectations.
In late 2005, we moved aggressively to understand why this happened and to take concrete corrective actions. We conducted exhaustive, top-to-bottom reviews of our operational processes and identified a number of improvements, which are being implemented. We are working extensively with our state government part- ners, helping them understand how the medical concerns of their citizens affect their rate structures.
The steps we are taking are not quick fixes. They are the right fixes. With our entry into Georgia and the Medicare SNP program, we have laid a solid foundation for continued growth. By building an excellent, efficient operational structure, we will sustain our expansion and prosperity. The ongoing work we began in 2005 is enabling AMERIGROUP to grow stronger and to continue growing
stronger in the years ahead.
Jeffrey L. McWaters
Chairman and CEO
 