Chairman’s Message
Robert S. Miller
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
It is hard to believe the changes at AIG just since I joined the Board in June 2009, when many thought AIG
was headed for a controlled liquidation. A few months later, we were joined by AIG President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Benmosche, who had a very different vision. By July 2010, I became Chairman, and we have seen incred- ible progress. Despite the complexities involved, AIG is now on the cusp of completing a truly remarkable recovery from dependence on government sup- port to becoming an independent leader
in insurance ser- vices worldwide.
The year ended with AIG nearly completing the full restructuring of the government ownership – it was finalized on Janu- ary 14, 2011. We also raised more than $37 billion
in cash and securities through the initial public offering (IPO) of AIA and the sale of ALICO, as well as other asset sales, and we started to regain investor confidence, tapping the credit markets after more than a two-year absence. By any objective measure, AIG is now a stronger company.
From my perspective, 2010 was as transformational a time as any in AIG’s 90-year history. When the year began, few believed we would be in the posi- tive position we found ourselves in at the end of 2010. It is a testament to Bob’s leadership that we have come this far in so little time.
I have had the privilege of serving on many boards and have seen my way through a share of corporate turn- arounds. My own experience gives me a unique appreciation of the teams of dedi- cated AIG people – and advisors – who executed this restructuring. These teams are among the best I have ever known.
It’s impossible to recognize everyone at AIG who contributed to the company’s success during 2010, but in particular I feel several people played key roles in the turnaround over the past 14 months. Clearly, Bob Benmosche’s leadership
has been pivotal. He and all of us have also been greatly supported by Peter Hancock, Executive Vice President, Finance, Risk and Investments; David Herzog, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Brian Schreiber, Executive Vice President, Treasury and Capital Markets; and Tom Russo, Exec- utive Vice President, Legal, Compliance, Regulatory Affairs and Government Affairs, and General Counsel.
Our partners in the U.S. government – especially the U.S. Department of
the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY), and the AIG Trustees – should all be recognized for the leader- ship and commitment each person
has given to seeing that AIG begins to emerge as a strong and independent company. Jim Millstein, Chief Restruc- turing Officer at the U.S. Treasury, and Sarah Dahlgren, at the FRBNY, have been strong, reliable stewards of U.S. taxpayers’ interests.
My fellow AIG Board members must also be commended. They have put their personal lives on hold, and dedi-
cated extensive time, study, and insight to get us to this point. Yes, we do have differing opinions and healthy, vigor- ous debates, but this is to be expected with a Board as engaged as the current AIG Board of Directors. We are pas- sionate about AIG and committed to ensuring that AIG pays back every dime that U.S. taxpayers loaned us as quickly as possible. We will also ensure that AIG management is accountable now and in the future, and that there are processes and oversight in place so the actions that nearly destroyed this company are never repeated. During the year, former Chairman Harvey Golub resigned, and the Board thanks Harvey for his contributions to helping create the momentum that enabled the recapitalization to happen.
While there is still much work to be done, we are encouraged by the prog- ress made and the strength of AIG’s continuing operations, and we look beyond 2010 to the day when AIG returns to being a normally capitalized company without the need for extraor- dinary assistance.
On behalf of the entire AIG Board of Directors, we thank all of our long- term shareholders, our customers, our partners, and the people of AIG for their commitment and dedication to the success of this great company.
Robert S. Miller
February 24, 2011
  2010 was a transformational time in AIG’s 90-year history... few believed we would be in the positive position we found our- selves in at the end of 2010.
   2 AIG 2010 Annual Report

Letter to Shareholders
Robert H.Benmosche
President and
Chief Executive Officer
In 2010, American International Group began a transformation that previously had been unimaginable.
We demonstrated the strengths of AIG’s core businesses, which have enabled us to remain market leaders. Supported by our powerful culture
of entrepreneurism and innovation, we retained and regained customers, and grew our businesses. At the same time, we worked with the U.S. govern- ment to begin the process of repaying
need to dismantle AIG to repay our obligations, a foundation was laid for the recapitalization of the govern- ment’s ownership of the company. The result is a simplified structure that will enable the U.S. Treasury Department to sell its AIG shares over time and for AIG to emerge as a financially strong, redefined, stand-alone company.
We also have made significant progress extracting value from other assets that are no longer core to AIG’s operations, but are still outstanding businesses
on their own. We rebuilt many of our key functions in finance, enterprise risk management, investments, human resources, and technology, as well
as supporting AIG’s already strong management team with a number of key hires.
There is, however, still much work to be done, and 2010 had its challenges.
AIG’s unique business, much of which we pioneered in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, created unprecedented growth for AIG, but some of this business has also
exposed AIG to new risks decades after some policies were written. As illustrat- ed by our decision to again strengthen
  AIG’s core businesses, sup- ported by our powerful culture of entrepre- neurism and innovation, have enabled us to remain market leaders.
American tax- payers for their unprecedented financial support.
Without a doubt, 2010 saw much change at AIG
as we refocused our energies and resources, reduced our size, rebuilt our functions,
 and uncovered significant opportunities. We had growth at Chartis and SunAmerica Financial Group. Also, United Guaranty Corporation (UGC), our mortgage insurance business, and International Lease Finance Corpo- ration (ILFC), our aircraft leasing business, have both rebounded and are again self-supporting.
Our restructuring did result in some asset sales – in particular, the sale of ALICO and the IPO of AIA, with the cash proceeds from those two business- es going directly to repaying taxpayers. But once it became clear that we didn’t
We rebuilt key functions
in finance, enterprise risk management, investments, human resources, and technology.
  AIG 2010 Annual Report 3

Letter to Shareholders
reserves at Chartis, our world-leading property and casualty (P&C) insurer, some of AIG’s legacy liability policies, especially those related to asbestos claims, excess casualty, and primary and excess workers’ compensation claims, have proved to have the industry’s lon- gest tails. We also increased reserves for certain business written since 2005. Over the past couple of years, Chartis has significantly reduced exposure to excess casualty and guaranteed work- ers’ compensation, and it has exited
a troublesome segment of the excess workers’ compensation business.
We make no excuses and are com- mitted to comprehensive reviews
of our exposures and, when neces- sary, strengthening on the basis of a thorough assessment process. These decisions have adversely affected our results, but they are appropriate for AIG at this time.
Progress
AIG has made great strides since the end of 2009 to reorganize, expand its business base, and develop additional growth engines.
Perhaps our biggest accomplishment in 2010 was the agreed-upon road map for the recapitalization of AIG. What began as a series of discussions over last summer culminated in an agreement-in-principle at the end of September with an entire recapitaliza-
tion of the U.S. government ownership of AIG completed on January 14, 2011. The Treasury Department is now in a position to sell its 92 percent common equity stake over time.
At Chartis, the team has brought to market more new products and ser- vices, while continuing to expand and enhance its existing offerings. For ex- ample, Chartis has launched a series of market-leading directors and officers (D&O) products that have changed how the industry insures corporate management teams and boards of directors. Chartis also launched a new Internet portal for brokers who sell our U.S. commercial products and services. Called MyChartis, the portal is now used by more than 17,000 indepen- dent brokers in the United States and
 AIG has made great strides since the end of 2009 to reorga- nize, expand its business base, and develop additional growth engines.
Canada. These are examples of the innovations that maintain cus- tomers and drive new business.
In addition, the strength of the Chartis brand is now widely ac- cepted across the
globe. Recent market research indi- cated that, for a relatively new brand, Chartis has particularly high aware- ness, familiarity, and trust levels – espe- cially among brokers but also among commercial decision makers.
SunAmerica Financial Group made great progress in 2010 in reestablish-
 4 AIG 2010 Annual Report

ing relationships with its distribution partners and has built positive mo- mentum for continuing sales growth. SunAmerica Financial Group has now been reinstated by 14 of the 16 distri-
franchises that complement our core insurance businesses.
UGC made important contributions
to our 2010 results. There is no doubt that being an insurer of first and second lien mortgages will continue to have its ups and downs – a continuing industry-wide issue – but new busi- ness is promising. UGC is writing its highest-quality book of business ever, and is effectively managing its legacy business. During 2010, UGC posted its first profitable quarter in years, proving that discipline and hard work can make a difference even in the most challeng- ing businesses.
ILFC made substantial progress in 2010 to fund its own operations. Beginning in March, ILFC raised more than $14 billion during the year through a variety of funding sources and other liquidity initiatives, enabling it to pay off loans from AIG and the U.S. government. And with the addi- tion of aviation industry veteran Henri Courpron as Chief Executive Officer, ILFC has continued to rework its op- erations, and remains the international leader in the leasing and remarketing of commercial jet aircraft to airlines around the world.
Our People: A Foundation for Growth
At AIG, we know that our ability to create shareholder value is inextrica- bly tied to the ability of our 63,000 employees around the globe to provide customers with industry-leading
products and great customer support. We know from our experiences over the past couple of years that even when AIG was at its lowest reputational point, at the end of the day, having AIG people behind the products we offer was a distinct competitive advan- tage. It is because of their entrepre- neurial spirit, deep product experience, and industry knowledge that our busi- nesses are poised for growth.
While we lost some business in 2009 because of the cloud hanging over AIG, in 2010, we saw key indicators of strength – such as surrender levels
 SunAmerica Financial Group has now been reinstated by 14 of the 16 distri- bution partners that suspended sales of its fixed or variable annuity products as a result of the AIG crisis.
bution partners that suspended sales of its fixed or variable annu- ity products as a result of the AIG crisis. These are huge wins.
Despite sig- nificantly lower individual fixed annuity sales in 2010 due to the impact of very
At AIG, our 63,000 employ- ees around the globe provide customers with industry-leading products and great customer support.
and employee retention – return to pre- crisis levels. Customers who stayed with AIG have told me personally that they did so because of their relationships
 low interest rates industry-wide, SunAmerica Financial Group suc- ceeded in increasing total sales over 2009 levels. This success highlights the advantages of our diversified product portfolio, multi-channel distribution network, and strong relationships with producers. Improved sales from life in- surance, payout annuities, group retire- ment products, and individual variable annuities offset the decline in indi- vidual fixed annuity deposits. Addition- ally, SunAmerica’s Western National maintained its number one ranking for fixed annuity sales in the bank channel and is well positioned to capitalize on a rising interest rate environment.
Also in 2010, we saw significant prog- ress in our investments in the valuable
with the people here. They know that AIG’s people are empowered to make the decisions necessary to serve as their true partners.
Clearly, the key to our success has been our employees. Even in the darkest days of the crisis, the people who make up AIG never gave up. Instead, they persevered and are bringing AIG back to its former prominence.
 AIG 2010 Annual Report 5

Letter to Shareholders
Our people, many of whom have worked for AIG for more than 10, 20, even 30 years, have seen history unfold around them. Their dedication to always doing what is in the best inter- est of AIG and our shareholders is the foundation for how AIG will compete and grow in the future. As we know from our interaction with our custom- ers, the key in the insurance business is reputation.
2010 Financial Highlights
AIG posted income from continu-
ing operations before income taxes of $17.9 billion, compared with a loss
of $14.3 billion in 2009. The improve- ment of $32.2 billion compared to 2009 reflects a gain of $17.8 billion from sales of divested businesses in 2010, including a gain of $16.3 billion from the proceeds of the AIA IPO
on October 29, 2010. AIG also had
a decline in interest expense on the FRBNY credit facility, an improve- ment of $2.7 billion in asset manage- ment pre-tax earnings, and a reduction in net realized capital losses of
$4.9 billion.
Our profitability was offset by un- derwriting losses at Chartis after the $4.2 billion net reserve strengthening charge in the fourth quarter. In addi- tion, we saw a decline of $2.6 billion in Financial Services’ pre-tax income, re-
flecting a reduction in unrealized mar- ket valuation gains on the super senior credit default swap portfolio in Capital Markets of $820 million, as well as an increase in ILFC impairment charges of $1.6 billion. AIG also recorded a net
same time, the significant progress we have made with oversight and controls will enable us to grow with the right checks and balances.
We have strong companies that offer
a powerful array of products and ser- vices. Moreover, we are well positioned to take advantage of global growth trends – as well as the growing need
in the U.S. for life and retirement products and services. Given our re- markable people, an unparalleled sales and distribution network, and a solid financial position, I am confident we will take advantage of the many oppor- tunities ahead as our industry grows.
I am proud of the accomplishments of the entire AIG team, and I look forward to building on our strengths to deliver growth and increase share- holder value in the future.
Robert H.Benmosche
February 24, 2011
 We have strong companies that offer a powerful array of products and services. Moreover, we are well positioned to take advantage of global growth trends – as well as the grow-
ing need in the U.S. for life and retirement prod- ucts and services.
loss from discon- tinued operations of $2.1 billion in 2010, reflecting goodwill impair- ment charges
of $4.6 billion related to the sales of ALICO, AIG Star, and AIG Edison.
In 2010, we returned to the financial markets, raising more than $10 billion at the corporate
 and operating levels. We maintain solid financial resources to independently support our ongoing operations and future growth initiatives.
Looking Forward
AIG entered 2011 poised to emerge as a company independent of government support. We have worked hard to en- hance our businesses and functions so that the U.S. government – and the in- vestment community – will have confi- dence in our ability to operate without government financial assistance. We will look to maximize our opportuni- ties to extend the reach of Chartis and SunAmerica Financial Group. At the
 6 AIG 2010 Annual Report
