 Dear AIG Shareholder,
Douglas M. Steenland
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Since I became Chairman of AIG in July, Peter Hancock and I have spent a considerable amount of time meeting with many of you to listen to your questions, concerns, and observations. These meetings have been constructive, and I look forward to continuing them in 2016.
My fellow Board members and I are proud of the trust you have placed in us, and embrace the responsibility to oversee the company on your behalf.
On January 26, the AIG management team announced a comprehensive strategic plan for the next two years. The Board unanimously supports this plan. Peter’s letter lays out more details of the plan, but it essentially falls into four broad categories:
1) Returning at least $25 billion of capital to shareholders;
2) Reducing operating expenses by $1.6 billion; 3) Improving the financial performance of our business; and 4) Modulariz- ing parts of the company so we are more transparent to our shareholders, and are better able to decide which parts are appropriately held within AIG or should be placed in the hands of others.
Over the past year, Peter has remade the management team so it is more responsive and action oriented. Now, Peter and that team are laser-focused on delivering on the strategic plan. The Board will monitor progress carefully.
The AIG Board is strong and independent. It has significant experience in insurance, reinsurance, finance, management of global service companies, and business restructuring, as well
as a deep understanding of risk management. This knowledge and experience fully enable the Board to oversee the company, demand exceptional performance, and challenge management when necessary. This is our job, and we take it seriously.
This is a dynamic time for AIG, and, on a personal level, I am excited to be part of it. We are in the midst of transformation.
Our balance sheet is strong. The strategic plan sets forth a clear path for the next two years. The Board and the management team, together, are committed to delivering on this plan.
I’d like to thank the highly skilled employees of AIG for their commitment, their hard work, and their adaptation to change. This is a resilient workforce that has been through a great deal over the past few years, and has proven itself again and again in difficult times. Our employees have consistently provided world-class service to our clients, who range from the individual purchasing an annuity to the Fortune 100 multinational manag- ing its global risks. We are confident that our 65,000-person team will continue to do so as they execute the strategic plan.
I’d also like to thank AIG customers. At the end of the day, it
is the vote of confidence our customers make every time they select AIG to manage their risks that energizes our team. The commitment of our customers is the root of the value AIG delivers to you, our shareholders. AIG will continue to improve the prod- ucts and services we offer customers, and will work every day to be our clients’ most valued insurer.
Thank you for your continued support of AIG. With all of us working together, we can improve returns for our shareholders as we build a better AIG for the future.
Sincerely,
Douglas M. Steenland
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
  1

One of AIG’s core values is that we have the courage to make difficult promises and the integrity to keep them.
To Our Shareholders,
If one word will define AIG in 2016, it is focus. In my first full year as CEO, I directed an analysis of the company’s strategy and structure, incorporating the best insights from within AIG and from expert industry advisors, as well as invaluable contributions from your Board of Directors. These efforts crystallized a process for evaluating our business: how we decide what we would do and not do, and how our company would be simplified and best orga- nized to run those businesses. Together with hundreds of employ- ees, I laid the foundation for an enduring culture that builds on the best parts of AIG today to chart a path for our future: our Vision, Mission, and Values – the overarching themes that state, simply, who we are, how we act, and why. You can see them on page 5.
You’ve already seen three milestones in that process: first, in November, the release of over 20 percent of the top of AIG’s managerial hierarchy, to streamline and speed decision making; then, in January of this year, the announcement of the sale of our broker-dealer network, AIG Advisor Group, and the planned full separation of our mortgage insurer, United Guaranty, following a 19.9 percent initial public offering (IPO); and then the public unveiling of our strategic plan, setting our course for the next two years with a series of tough commitments to you. By the end of 2017, we intend to:
•Return at least $25 billion of capital to shareholders.
• Enhance transparency by separating the company into
an Operating Portfolio with a goal of over10 percent return on equity1 and a Legacy Portfolio that will focus on return of capital.
• Reorganize the company into at least nine modular, more self-contained business units to enhance accountability, transparency, and strategic flexibility.
• Reduce general operating expenses by $1.6 billion, 14 percent of our 2015 expenses2.
• Improve our commercial property and casualty accident year loss ratio2 by six points.
• Pursue an active divestiture program, including initially the 19.9 percent IPO of United Guaranty as the first step towards full separation and the agreement to sell AIG Advisor Group, while preserving the value of deferred tax assets.
One of AIG’s core values is that we have the courage to make difficult promises and the integrity to keep them. This is a list of ambitious commitments (for more details on them, see www.aig.com/strategyupdate). For the next two years, our focus will be on meeting these objectives.
We have a strong track record to build on. Since 2008, we have sold more than 50 businesses. In 2015 alone, we returned nearly $12 billion of capital to you. We developed and began to execute a plan to streamline AIG, to create a company that matches our vision of being our clients’ most valued insurer.
I have trimmed my own leadership team to nine people, who understand that all of us are accountable for reaching our ambitious goals.
Focus on Execution
This is hard and sometimes painful work, and we have much left to accomplish. A key step is to improve the way we share information about our businesses to better show where we are doing well and where we must make changes.
1 Normalized operating ROE, excluding AOCI and DTA, a non-GAAP financial measure. See appendix of Strategic Actions to Maximize Shareholder Value at www.aig.com/strategyupdate.
2 Non-GAAP financial measure. See appendix of Strategic Actions to Maximize Shareholder Value at www.aig.com/strategyupdate. Accident year loss ratio improvement is on a fourth quarter exit run rate basis.
 2
Sid Sankaran
AIG Chief Financial Officer
“We realize significant real world benefits through a diverse set of operating cash flows to our holding company from our various subsidiaries.”

 The first step is to report our Legacy Portfolio separately. This represents non-strategic assets and run-off business, and about a quarter of our capital. We have put in place a dedicated team to manage the portfolio with specific targets and objectives.
This critical part of our plan creates a clear focus on releasing capital in a timely manner – with little impact on clients.
The establishment of the Legacy Portfolio also serves to bring
the performance of our other businesses, the Operating Portfo-
lio, into much sharper focus. Here, we are moving to modular management to aid transparency and end-to-end accountability. This also enables modules to be evaluated against our strategic framework for sale at the right price where they are more valuable to others. These structural changes all derive from our belief that
a company with nimbler, more transparent operating units will
be more responsive to clients, more easily comparable to peers
in performance, and better positioned to reach our goals of sustainable growth and value creation. We will continue to review our products, lines of business, and geographic footprint to focus on areas where we will generate superior results. In Consumer, while we have particularly strong positions in the U.S., including
Peter D. Hancock
President and Chief Executive Officer
our leading Retirement and Life businesses, and have a focused position in Japan, we are fragmented elsewhere for historical reasons, prompting our decision to reduce our Personal Insurance presence from 62 countries to15 for Individual business and from 66 countries to 35 for Group customers.
Our targeted six-point accident year loss ratio improvement by the end of 2017 in commercial property and casualty insurance is the most ambitious of our commitments. Our success will be deter- mined partially by growing our relationships with our best clients and ending our relationships with those whose prospects for sus- tained profitable business are low. See this modeled in the chart below. Nearly 78 percent of our U.S. casualty clients purchase only one product. We will review these relationships to determine whether we should expand them, raise rates, or not renew. As our Chief Executive Officer for Commercial, Rob Schimek, put it in a video about AIG strategy: ”We don’t need to offer every product that’s out there. We need to offer the products that give us the op- portunity for long-term, profitable growth, which are the products in the geographies that matter most to our clients. We know that multiline and multinational business is an important advantage
  Commercial Property Casualty
2015 Accident Year Loss Ratio Dispersion
 0
Net Premiums Earned ($B) ~$20
• 2015 Accident Year Loss Ratio Excluding Catastrophes
3
  Accident Year Loss Ratio Excluding Catastrophes (%)

So much of what we do is behind the scenes – but touches tens of millions of lives. That has allowed us to become, and remain, a leader in the insurance industry for nearly 100 years.
for AIG.” We will maintain our commercial presence in over 100 countries and jurisdictions, and serve customers in an additional 100 countries through our network partners. We will focus only on areas where we are, or can be, leaders. To view this video, go to www.aig.com/2015-Schimek-ARvideo.
One example of the kind of growth opportunity we seek is the
U.S. Private Client Group, where we have unique skills to serve customers with highly complex and sometimes multinational needs. We have long been successful in this business and are rolling out new capabilities that will enhance our service and improve our profitability by increasing efficiencies. Last year, we further strength- ened our position in this segment. As Kevin Hogan, Chief Executive Officer for Consumer, said: ”We have improved our leadership based on our targeted market approach, broad distribution relationships, the value we provide to our customers in preventing losses whenever possible, minimizing damage when a loss occurs, and our reputation for excellence in claims and customer service. We are enjoying record new business and are well-positioned to continue our growth.”
Essential to Our Clients
Our commitment to shareholders can only be realized if we generate real value for our clients. We will lead with our superior risk expertise, which, when coupled with our financial strength, will ensure that we remain focused on delivering better solutions for our clients’ problems.
So much of what we do is behind the scenes – but touches tens of millions of lives. That has allowed us to become, and remain, a leader in the insurance industry for nearly 100 years. We handle approximately 600,000 new claims a month, which gives us deep insights into risk. We pay out about $130 million each workday in claims, from very small to very large, and we learn
something from every one. No company matches the diversity of the claims we see. Using cutting-edge data analysis, we identify trends that no other industry participant can. We analyze our diverse products, different clients, and a multitude of geographies to prevent accidents before they happen. That is good for our clients and good for our business. Our deep familiarity with the risks of the clients we choose to insure gives us the knowledge and ability to serve them in a way that cements our role as their most valued insurer.
Much of our focus goes into helping our customers avoid calam- ity in the first place. In 2015, for example, we made a strategic investment in Human Condition Safety, a technology start-up company developing wearable devices, analytics, and systems to improve worker safety by understanding when, where, and how accidents happen. In our highly engineered property line, our expert engineers offer great insights on behalf of clients to better understand and control their risks. This gives us the confi- dence to write very large limit policies, as well as the ability to offer one point of contact, whereas in the past, clients would have had to contract with several firms. This makes life easier for our clients, as shown by the dramatically increased retention of policies.
Now, by making our company nimbler and more modular, we are shrinking the space between the client and the person making the decisions. We want our customers to know that even though they are doing business with a very large company, they are dealing with an empowered individual. Ultimately, we want our clients to know that they are at the top of our hierarchy.
Employees Build Value
The people who ultimately build shareholder value are our over 65,000 men and women all over the world. They are the ones who deliver on the promises we have made. AIG could not serve
“We will use the data and analytical tools we have invested in to significantly differentiate and determine where we should focus our resources.”
 4
Rob Schimek CEO, Commercial

 Our Culture
VISION
We strive to be our clients’ most valued insurer.
VALUES
MISSION
We reduce fear of the future and empower our clients through our risk expertise and financial strength.
 our clients without attracting and retaining world-class employees whose diversity gives us unique insights into the global marketplace. And none of this will endure without maintaining a culture of strict adherence to both the letter and spirit of regulatory requirements.
I spent much of the past year meeting with employees around the globe to hear their views on where we are, where we want to be, and how we can get there. They know I am looking for creative solutions to difficult issues. And we are coming up with those solutions together. We need to give our employees better tools to do their jobs and more autonomy to make decisions. We will give them the freedom to use their entrepreneurial energy, safe in the knowledge that they have an internal GPS – a moral compass. In our most recent employee survey, they emphasized this, and we will make it happen. The focus on accountability and autonomy in our strategic plan will give employees a host of new opportunities, enhanced roles, and greater flexibility.
The world around us is changing. We need to change with it.
We will be a leader in tomorrow’s insurance market because we believe in the imperative of change. Disruptive start-ups and tech- nologies are destroying various industries. We have ingenuity, scale, and focus. We can accomplish extraordinary things and need not fear this disruption, but rather harness it. The changes we are making will give rise to opportunities for profitable growth.
“Modularity is a continuation of the direction that we have been going...We’ll have better end-to- end accountability and transparency of results.”
During the next two years, we are committed to reaching our strategic goals. Make no mistake: There will be ups and downs as markets and circumstances change – this will not be a straight line. But our employees are confident and determined. Together, we will succeed.
I’d like to thank Doug and the rest of the Board for their help and support over the past year, our employees for their resiliency, and our clients for seeing the future with us. There is an enduring AIG that already is emerging from this reshaping, and it will be an exciting place to be.
Insurance is essential to macroeconomic growth, supporting millions of businesses, entrepreneurs, and families, and we value the trust of those who come to us for help managing their risks. We must continue to focus on our core principles and uphold that role. As a leader in the global insurance industry, AIG helps to keep the gears of business and society functioning by making the world a safer place and taking the fear out of the future. It's important work.
Peter D. Hancock
President and Chief Executive Officer
•We have the courage to make difficult promises and the integrity to keep them. •We learn and collaborate to solve our clients' problems.
•We value the diversity of perspectives that comes from all places and people.
  Kevin Hogan CEO, Consumer
5
