Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Throughout my 35-year career with AIG, my regard for this extraordinary company has grown immensely. After
two years as President and Chief Executive Officer, I have gained an entirely new appreciation for AIG’s strength and resilience. 2006 was an excellent year, starting with the resolution of our significant regulatory challenges and ending with record financial results. We made significant progress in capital manage- ment, allowing us to announce a new dividend policy and share repurchase program in early 2007. In addition, we continued to improve our financial control environment, providing greater transparency in our financial disclosures and remaining on the forefront of good corporate governance.
The road from uncertainty to success was not an easy one. Traveling it required the focused and determined efforts of AIG’s tal- ented employees all over the world. Through their efforts, we exe- cuted our strategy and achieved healthy growth in our businesses. We also grew as an organization under new governance and man- agement policies that will make AIG more responsive and responsi- ble in every aspect of our business.
Last year’s successes were also due in great measure to the inherent strengths of the AIG culture. I don’t know of any other com- pany that combines our depth of talent, entrepreneurship, leading worldwide market positions, and business and geographic diversifi- cation. These attributes made it possible for AIG to work through difficult challenges while continuing to build shareholder value.
2006 Results
AIG reported record net income for 2006 of $14.05 billion, an increase of 34.1 percent over 2005. The company earned $5.36 per diluted share in 2006, 34.3 percent higher than the $3.99 per diluted share earned in 2005. Results for 2005 included a $1.15 billion after-tax charge for regulatory settlements and
a $1.19 billion after-tax charge related to an increase in net reserve for losses and loss expenses. AIG also reported a record $2.11 billion in after-tax catastrophe-related losses in 2005.
Net income in 2006 included the effect of economically effec- tive hedging activities that did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under FAS 133, including the related foreign exchange gains and losses. Full-year 2006 adjusted net income was
$15.41 billion, or $5.88 per diluted share, compared to $8.75 bil- lion or $3.33 per diluted share in 2005.
Solid execution of our strategies and the absence of significant catastrophes contributed to our outstanding results in 2006. Around the world and across all of our business segments we are capitaliz- ing on growth opportunities, using our business diversity and matrix- management structure to respond quickly to customer needs.
As our businesses have grown, so too has our financial strength, which is the foundation for everything we do. During 2006, our assets grew more than $126 billion, or nearly 15 percent, to $979.41 billion. To keep pace with net cash provided for invest- ment by our insurance operations and cash generated from
our investment portfolio, every day we invest an average of nearly $200 million. At year end, shareholders’ equity was $101.68 bil- lion, an increase of 17.8 percent over 2005. Total revenues in 2006 were $113.19 billion, 3.9 percent above 2005. Our return on equity for 2006 was 15.26 percent and our book value per share grew from $33.24 to $39.09.
2 AIG 2006 Annual Repor t
2006 was an excellent year, starting with the resolution of our significant regulatory challenges and ending with record financial results.

 Martin J. Sullivan President and
Chief Executive Officer
We achieved a key goal in 2006—stabilizing AIG’s financial ratings. All of the major ratings agencies have revised their outlook on AIG and our core insurance subsidiaries to stable from negative. Overall, AIG’s ratings continue to be among the highest of any insurance and financial services organization in the world. Customers and shareholders can be assured that enhancing AIG’s financial strength and preserving its current ratings will continue to be an overriding priority.
Putting Strategies Into Action
The theme of this year’s report, Putting Strategies Into Action, describes how we are transforming our formidable attributes into specific strategies and positive business results. Last year, I empha- sized priorities such as staying customer focused; continuing to expand distribution and geographic reach; controlling costs; identi- fying new business opportunities, acquisitions and strategic alliances; developing new products; and investing for growth.
In 2006, we saw those priorities bear fruit.
•We made several acquisitions that complement our existing
businesses and give us a stronger presence in important mar- kets. Our acquisition of Central Insurance in Taiwan widens our global presence in property-casualty insurance, and our acquisi- tion of Ocean Finance in the United Kingdom gives us added prominence in the consumer finance business.
•We expanded in growing markets like China. We secured licens- es to offer group insurance throughout our China operations and to offer both life and general insurance in Guangdong province and life insurance in Jiangsu province, two of the top three Chinese provinces in terms of total economic activity.
•We received regulatory approval from the Reserve Bank of India to operate a wholly owned non-bank finance company that will serve as a platform to build our asset management and con- sumer finance franchise. We believe these businesses will com- plement our Tata AIG Life and General Insurance joint ventures.
•Our Foreign General Insurance group set up operations in Dubai to expand our presence in the Middle East, Mediterranean and South Asia region. As part of this effort we also entered the Islamic Shariah-compliant market with the launch of a new regional company, AIG Takaful, headquartered in Bahrain. The market for Shariah-compliant insurance and financial products is underserved and we believe that we can meet the needs of that market better than any other company.
•We announced key strategic investments in high-quality entities like Kinder Morgan, London City Airport and P&O Ports North America. These investments demonstrate our determination to identify quality opportunities to build value and strength for our policyholders and investors.
•We continued AIG’s tradition of innovation, launching dozens of new products during the year, including 12 products in 12 months through our AIG Product Development area, a unit with- out peer in the insurance industry.
With a presence in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions, AIG is truly a global company. Building our brand around the world supports our continued growth. That is one reason we launched a major sponsorship initiative with Manchester United Football Club, perhaps the best-known sports franchise in the world. It is already apparent that recognition of the AIG brand is increasing quickly, and we are actively pursuing ways to leverage this powerful marketing tool to drive business growth in many AIG markets around the world.
AIG 2006 Annual Report
Annual Report 2006 AIG 3 3

 In 2006, AIG signed a landmark sponsorship deal with Manchester United, one of the world’s most popular sports franchises. The four-year sponsorship provides the company with a dynamic platform to grow brand recognition by aligning with a team that boasts over 75 million fans and a weekly television audience of more than 103 million people worldwide, many in countries where AIG has growing businesses.
We have also begun an enterprise-wide effort to cross sell our broad range of products to our 69 million customers around the world. This “Deliver the Firm” strategy has the potential to leverage AIG’s unsurpassed scope and scale to generate new business through innovative product and services offerings. For instance, our AIG Passport service, introduced in 2006, allows corporate clients to purchase locally admitted directors and officers liability insurance to cover their international risks in more than 75 countries and jurisdictions. AIG’s well-established global network makes us uniquely suited to offer this product.
Last year’s business achievements were impressive indeed and a real tribute to employees throughout our organization. Nevertheless, we still have work to do. We have one remaining material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting relat- ed to income tax accounting. We are making good progress on this issue and our goal is to complete remediation by year-end 2007.
There are many reasons to be excited about AIG’s outlook. Please read on for more details.
General Insurance
Our General Insurance operations, long one of AIG’s core business groups, had an outstanding year. Solid premium growth, higher investment income and the absence of major catastrophes resulted in operating income before realized capital gains (losses) of $10.35 billion for the year, compared to $1.98 billion for 2005. Our combined ratio improved markedly to 89.06 from 104.69
in 2005, and net premiums written increased 7.2 percent from $41.87 billion to $44.87 billion.
AIG’s Domestic Brokerage Group (DBG), the largest property- casualty organization in the United States, had a very successful year by expanding its products and distribution and maintaining underwriting discipline. Many of DBG’s market-leading businesses built on their tradition of success including National Union, the leader in directors and officers liability insurance; American Home, the leading provider of excess liability insurance; Lexington, a recog- nized innovator in the excess and surplus lines business; AIG Environmental, on the leading edge of environmental coverage and risk mitigation; and HSB Group, Inc., which excels in the area of equipment breakdown and engineered lines of insurance.
Domestic Personal Lines insurance experienced solid growth in operating income, with strong production from the Private Client Group, which serves over one-third of the Forbes 400 richest Americans. Transatlantic Holdings, Inc. reported record results in 2006 with operating income before realized capital gains (losses) of $578 million, compared to an operating loss of $77 million in 2005.
Our Foreign General Insurance operations comprise the world’s most extensive property-casualty network. Net premiums written increased 13.7 percent to $11.37 billion as Foreign General continues to drive new business and expand distribution channels. Foreign General is positioned to pursue many excellent growth opportunities, particularly in dynamic markets like India, China, Vietnam and the Middle East.
Last year’s business achievements were impressive and a real tribute to the employees throughout the AIG organization.
4 AIG 2006 Annual Repor t
Group Executive Committee
Left to right:
Jay S. Wintrob
Executive Vice President Retirement Services
Martin J. Sullivan
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Kristian P. Moor
Executive Vice President Domestic General Insurance
William N. Dooley
Senior Vice President Financial Services
Anastasia D. Kelly
Executive Vice President General Counsel and Senior Regulatory
and Compliance Officer
Rodney O. Martin, Jr.
Executive Vice President Life Insurance
Steven J. Bensinger
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Nicholas C. Walsh
Executive Vice President Foreign General Insurance
Edmund S.W. Tse
Senior Vice Chairman Life Insurance
Win J. Neuger
Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Brian T. Schreiber
Senior Vice President Strategic Planning

 Life Insurance & Retirement Services
Despite challenging conditions in some markets, AIG’s Life Insurance & Retirement Services operations recorded operating income before realized capital gains (losses) of $9.94 billion, an increase of nearly 10 percent over 2005. AIG’s life insurance network is the most extensive of any life insurance organization and our units are some of the best-known and respected names in
their markets.
In Southeast Asia, American International Assurance (AIA) is a household name and consistently recognized as a most-trusted brand. American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) is a leading, worldwide insurance company with a very strong presence in Japan. AIG companies represent the largest foreign-owned life insurance operation in Japan. Nan Shan, AIG’s life insurance
unit in Taiwan, consistently earns high marks for quality service. Philamlife, our Philippine unit, is the premier life insurance organization in that country.
In the United States, AIG American General, a leading life insur- ance provider, is building market share through product and distribu- tion diversification. AIG Annuity, the market leader in fixed annuities, continues to focus on innovation, market responsiveness and effi- ciency. AIG VALIC, a leader in the primary and secondary education retirement market, is focusing on important growth areas such as the market for income protection benefits. AIG SunAmerica, an innovative provider of retirement products and services, is poised to help America’s baby boomer generation transition to retirement.
Financial Services
The diversification of AIG’s businesses is a key attribute that distinguishes the organization from our peers. The businesses in our Financial Services group provide a good measure of that
diversification. Operating income, before the effect of economically effective hedging activities that did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under FAS 133, increased a modest 3.7 percent in 2006. However, we continued to strengthen our businesses in the group through acquisitions and strategy execution across different markets.
International Lease Finance Corporation, one of the world’s leading aircraft lessors, reported strong revenue growth in 2006 and signed leases covering 177 aircraft to 75 airlines worldwide. AIG Financial Products Corp. solidified its position as a capital markets innovator, offering customized finance, risk and investment solutions on a global scale. American General Finance, with strong positions in consumer lending and retail sales finance in the United States, is expanding its focus internationally. Meanwhile, AIG Consumer Finance Group is developing operations in India. Imperial A.I. Credit Companies, North America’s largest financier of insurance premiums, is broadening its portfolio in the high-net-worth market.
Asset Management
AIG Asset Management operating income, before the effect of FIN46(R), EITF 04-5 and FAS 133, declined 12.2 percent from last year due primarily to the continued runoff of the Guaranteed Investment Contract program balances and spread compression related to short-term interest rates. AIG Global Investment Group and other investment operations of AIG now manage more
than $75 billion in non-affiliated client assets, an increase of
21 percent in the last year alone. AIGGIG ranks sixth in the world in terms of total institutional assets under management. AIG Private Bank recorded strong results while continuing its global
Annual Report 2006 AIG 5

 Left to right:
Frank G. Wisner
Vice Chairman External Affairs
Jacob A. Frenkel
Vice Chairman
Global Economic Strategies
Pictured in front of United Nations Headquarters in New York City.
expansion. Based in Zurich, the bank established a branch office in Hong Kong and applied for a branch office license in Singapore, consistent with its focus on high-net-worth individuals, a rapidly growing segment.
Public Policy Issues
In May of 2006, AIG became the first U.S. insurance organization to address climate risk. Since then, we have launched a number of new products and services to help our clients and investors address this urgent global environmental challenge. We intend to play a role in helping to shape the legal and regulatory framework for addressing this concern.
We have also remained active in urging Congress to make permanent the essential Federal terrorism reinsurance backstop for the private market. And, we continue to encourage the liberal- ization of world trade through bilateral, regional and multilateral initiatives. We remain hopeful that by the end of this year, the World Trade Organization will conclude negotiations resulting in new, commercially meaningful access to markets for our array of financial services and products.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Truly excellent companies not only deliver superior results, they do so in a way that respects the dignity and uniqueness of individuals while observing responsible and sustainable business practices.
At AIG, we believe that being a good corporate citizen protects the interests of our shareholders, customers and employees, and is essential for long-term success. In the past year, we put this belief into action in several ways.
Succeeding in diverse markets around the world requires a diverse workforce. We have long supported minority scholarship, internship and other programs to increase the diversity of our workforce and gain new perspectives. Recently, we took two impor- tant steps to coordinate and strengthen our diversity activities:
we created a Corporate Diversity Steering Committee composed of senior executives from our business segments; and we named a Chief Diversity Officer to formulate AIG’s diversity goals and strate- gies and ensure that they are executed effectively.
AIG also takes seriously its responsibility to conduct business in an environmentally responsible manner. We also have a proven record of capitalizing on business opportunities that accompany environmental challenges.
AIG pioneered insurance coverage to manage environmental risks and remediate environmental damage, and we are far and away the leader in the field today. To maintain that leadership, we are looking ahead to anticipate future risks and opportunities. The threat of climate change, for instance, poses risks to property and human health. At the same time, AIG sees opportunities to improve the environment, protect customers and reward shareholders by developing products and investing in technologies that can mitigate the risk and the effect of climate change. In addition, we continue to develop and invest in sustainable real estate projects and prac- tice sustainable design, construction and management of our own facilities. In recognition of these and other practices, AIG has been named one of the 100 Most Sustainable Companies in the World.
Please visit the Corporate Social Responsibility section of our website at www.AIG.com to learn more about our commitment to responsible business practices.
6 AIG 2006 Annual Repor t

 Giving back to the communities it serves is a long-standing AIG tradi- tion. Pictured here, fellow employees and family members volunteer at “AIG Summer of Service Day” to
help with a range of painting projects at P.S. 48 in the Bronx. The much-needed painting services were brought to AIG’s attention by
New York Cares, an organization that provides hands-on services to New Yorkers in need.
  Stock Price and Dividends
AIG’s common stock price closed 2006 at $71.66, 5.0 percent higher than the 2005 close of $68.23. By comparison, the S&P 500 Stock Index rose 13.6 percent in 2006. During the year, the price of AIG stock ranged from a high of $72.81 to a low of $57.76. In May, the Board voted to increase the quarterly cash div- idend to 16.5 cents per share, a 10 percent increase over the pre- vious quarterly dividend, which marked the 21st consecutive year that AIG has increased its dividend. Over the past 10 years, AIG’s common stock, including reinvested dividends, has increased 190.9 percent, compared to a gain of 124.5 percent in the S&P 500.
Economic Capital Modeling
In the fourth quarter of 2006, we advanced our economic capital modeling (ECM) initiative by completing an initial, firm-wide review of AIG’s capital requirements. The ECM framework will help AIG optimize risk-adjusted returns, manage competing demands for capital, maintain our superior capital strength, and support current and future growth opportunities. The ECM analysis has reinforced our view that AIG’s capital position is strong with an estimated $15 billion to $20 billion in excess capital at the end of 2006. This analysis supported the decision by the Board of Directors to announce a new dividend policy with a plan of increasing the com-
AIG is on the leading edge of progressive corporate governance.
AIG finds significant opportunity in emerging markets such as Vietnam, where it has thriving life and general insurance businesses. In 2006, the company expanded its general insurance license, which allows it to sell property-casualty coverages to individuals in Vietnam. Vietnam has a population of 84 million people.
mon stock dividend by approximately 20 percent annually, under ordinary circumstances. The new policy will be effective with the dividend to be declared in May of 2007.
Additionally, the Board expanded AIG’s existing share repurchase program by authorizing the repurchase of up to $8 billion in com- mon stock. We intend to repurchase $5 billion of common stock during 2007. Throughout 2007 and beyond, we will continue to enhance the economic capital model, allowing us to deploy capital more effectively and evaluate alternatives to utilize excess capital.
Board and Management Changes
As I reported last year, AIG made changes to its Board of Directors and management structure that put the company on the leading edge of progressive corporate governance. Notably, we separated the Chairman and Chief Executive positions and strengthened the independence of our Board. In September, Board member Robert B. Willumstad, former President and Chief Operating Officer of Citigroup, Inc., was elected non-executive Chairman of the AIG Board. Mr. Willumstad succeeds interim Chairman Frank G. Zarb, who remains an AIG director. We are greatly indebted to Mr. Zarb for his quality leadership during a challenging period for AIG, and to Mr. Willumstad for making this important commitment to our company.
The AIG Board gained two very talented directors in 2006 with the elections of Virginia M. Rometty and James F. Orr, III. Ms. Rometty is Senior Vice President, Global Business Services,
of IBM Corporation with 25 years of experience in systems and general management. Her guidance will be particularly valuable as AIG seeks to build competitive advantage through better use of
Annual Report 2006 AIG 7

information technology. Mr. Orr, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Rockefeller Foundation, brings a wealth of experience from the financial services industry. He is past President and Chief Executive Officer of United Asset Management Corp. and past Chairman and CEO of UNUM Provident Corp.
One of AIG’s long-serving directors, Pei-yuan Chia, retired from the AIG Board in September of 2006. Pei, former Vice Chairman
of Citicorp, has been an active Board member providing us with valuable counsel. His deep experience in global finance has been a great asset to AIG, and we are grateful for his contributions. We
will miss Pei and, on behalf of the Board and management, I would like to thank him for his 10 years of service to our company.
Thomas R. Tizzio, Senior Vice Chairman, General Insurance, retired in 2006 after more than 38 years with the company. Tom made countless contributions to AIG during his long and distin- guished career, which included his strong leadership as AIG’s President from 1991 to 1997. We look forward to continuing to benefit from Tom’s experience and counsel in his role as an Honorary Director and advisor to AIG.
During the year, we were pleased to welcome three new mem- bers to AIG’s International Advisory Board: Abdlatlf Al-Hamad, Director General and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development; Chen Yuan, Governor, China Development Bank; and The Rt. Hon. Lord Christopher Patten, Chancellor of Oxford University. These new members bring broad experience and global perspective in areas that are important to our organization.
In 2006, we bid a fond and sincere farewell to The Rt. Hon. Lord Prior, PC, who retired from AIG’s International Advisory Board after 18 years of valuable service. It has been our good fortune to work with Jim these many years and we wish him the very best. The AIG family lost a dear member in October when Marion Fajen passed away. Marion joined C.V. Starr & Co., Inc. as Assistant Secretary in 1971 and was named AIG Corporate Secretary in 1974. She was elected AIG Assistant Vice President in 1980 and Vice President two years later before becoming the first woman to be named to the AIG Board of Directors in 1984. Marion was a dedicated AIG executive and dear friend to many of us who knew and worked with her. We will miss her deeply.
2007 Outlook and Priorities
In the coming year, there will be no relaxing of our priorities: main- taining customer focus and cost control are essential in the face of increasing competition; continuing our tradition of product innovation and careful investment will provide the tools for expanding distribu- tion, geographic reach and developing new alliances; and our approach to both acquiring and disposing of assets will be thoughtful.
The steps we take must make sense in the context of our new economic capital model. We will follow through on our “Deliver the Firm” strategy and an internal team is dedicated to coordinating
this critical effort. Our expansion will continue in markets around the world where we believe we can meet customers’ needs with competitively priced products.
Having ambitious plans is one matter; executing those plans is quite another. We are not naïve about the difficulties we face, whether from increasing competition, challenging economic condi- tions or continually changing government and regulatory policies. However, AIG has shown time and again its ability to execute in try- ing circumstances, to innovate and to grow profits year after year. That is why we believe our future prospects are bright. Although many of our businesses have leading positions, many of the mar- kets we serve still have room to expand or are good candidates for the introduction of new business lines. Additionally, we believe that we are in a good position to respond to several important macro trends, including shifting centers of economic growth, a global aging population, growth in the global middle class and greater risk and uncertainty for our customers. We are supporting economic development with products that manage risk and encourage business formation, as well as through microfinance and microinsurance initia- tives that help spread opportunity across all economic classes.
The strongest justification for my optimism, however, derives
from AIG's unparalleled global network and the 106,000 talented employees who make it work. At year-end, AIG’s market capitalization was approximately $186 billion and we are on the verge of surpass- ing the $1 trillion mark in assets. The scope of our enterprise gives us a tremendous advantage that cannot easily be duplicated. It is an edge that AIG has built through decades of industry leadership. We will continue to expand our scope through AIG know-how in opening markets, developing new products and leveraging our distribution network. And we will be sensitive to the interests of our customers, shareholders, regulators, employees and business partners.
My job as CEO, along with my senior management team,
is to keep making progress and reward your investment with every decision we make. In short, we will strive to be the best insurance and financial services organization in the world while observing high standards of corporate governance and social responsibility. We are committed and determined to maximize value for our shareholders—and we will.
President and
Chief Executive Officer
March 16, 2007
  Sincerely,
Martin J. Sullivan
8 AIG 2006 Annual Repor t
