Peter D. Hancock
President and Chief Executive Officer
 To Our Shareholders,
Transition and transformation: This was 2014.
Value and sustainability: This is 2015 and looking toward the future.
AIG aspires to be the world’s most valued insurer to clients, investors, employees, and the broader society. This means that we take the longer view – balancing our pursuit of sustainable performance with meaningful improvements to our perfor- mance in the short term.
The changes we are making, to our organization and to our mind-set, will help us realize both.
Honoring Bob Benmosche’s Legacy
A review of AIG in 2014 can start in only one place – with our enormous gratitude to Bob Benmosche, who passed away in February 2015, having retired as AIG President and CEO in September 2014.
Bob led AIG during one of the most tumultuous periods for both our company and the global economy. AIG today can look forward because of Bob’s vision and perseverance. Under his leadership, AIG made America whole on its more than $182 billion in financial support, plus a profit of nearly $23 billion. Equally important, Bob and our Board ensured AIG’s continued viability by refocusing the company on its in- surance roots and positioning us to take on future challenges.
Bob inspired us with his courage, integrity, and commitment. He made us a stronger, smarter, and more focused company – a company that combines historical strengths with the in- creased wisdom that follows from overcoming unprecedented challenges together. His legacy to our clients, our employees, and you, our shareholders, is a company empowered to lead in the insurance industry for years to come. For this, we are forever grateful.
Maximizing Our Value
In my first letter to you as CEO, I will review the progress we’ve made since I was given the opportunity to lead AIG in September, and will set out my plans for building on that foundation.
One of the enduring lessons of AIG’s history is the importance of balancing growth, profitability, and risk to maximize our company’s intrinsic value. There are many ways for companies to deliver impressive short-term profits and market value. Yet our experience has shown that in the long term, companies often jeopardize their ability to deliver consistent growth when they take on excessive risk and postpone much-needed investments. Market value can over- or undershoot intrinsic value, so we choose intrinsic value as our true north.
We recognize that AIG will perform its best when we focus on two goals: honoring our commitments to clients, and acting as a responsible steward of our shareholders’ capital by ana- lyzing opportunities in light of their ability to deliver profitable growth at an appropriate level of risk.
As we focus on delivering that balanced mix of growth, profit- ability, and risk, we recently announced three financial targets through 2017:
• Growth of at least 10 percent a year in the company’s book value per share, excluding accumulated other com- prehensive income (AOCI) and tax attribute deferred tax assets (DTA).
• A reduction in net general operating expense (GOE) of 3 to 5 percent a year.
• An increase in normalized return on equity of at least 50 basis points a year, excluding AOCI and DTA.
Achieving these targets means working diligently to improve and sustain profitability, manage risk, and return excess capital.
11
 
  2
Last year, we made progress toward these financial objec- tives. For the full year, we:
• Grew book value per share, excluding AOCI and DTA, by 12 percent.
• Reduced our net GOE by 3.5 percent through disciplined cost management.
• Increased shareholders’ equity 6.4 percent to $106.9 billion.
• Achieved a normalized return on equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, of 7.4 percent, reflecting nearly 5 percent in core insurance pre-tax operating income growth and improved capital efficiencies.
Managing our business to maximize intrinsic value in a sus- tainable way means resisting the urge to blindly pursue market share and sales volume, and instead growing the best-quality business where we are – or have the potential to be – a market leader. It means not being distracted by normal quar- terly fluctuations in earnings per share, and instead patiently working to deliver growth in book value per share. Through this continued discipline, we will be able to consistently deliver value to our clients and shareholders.
The core elements of our plan to achieve this are:
• Managing capital in a way that limits our risks while maxi- mizing returns to shareholders.
• Enhancing our operating model, so we can efficiently deploy our human and technology resources in ways that heighten our ability to make the smartest underwriting decisions while consistently delivering the best results for our clients.
• Investing in our infrastructure, ensuring that our company stays competitive in a world of constant technological and market innovation.
Managing Your Capital Wisely
In 2014, we continued to make progress deploying capital to enhance long-term returns, while prudently managing our liquidity and capital risks. We did this by:
• Completing $4.9 billion in share repurchases.
• Strengthening the financial flexibility of AIG Parent with distributions of $10.4 billion from our insurance companies.
• Reducing our overall debt by approximately $10.5 billion.
• Pursuing strategic, complementary acquisition opportunities.
Continuing our liability management initiatives, we’ve taken advantage of opportunities to buy back high-cost, illiquid debt and replace it with new, more liquid debt at lower yields. Since early 2012, our credit spreads have narrowed hundreds of basis points, reflecting the investment community’s acknowl- edgment of AIG’s improved risk profile. The rating agencies have also recognized our restructuring and deleveraging efforts. Moody’s and S&P have our ratings on stable outlook, and Fitch recently revised our outlook from stable to positive, citing improvement in our capital position and debt servicing capabilities.
Managing the company to intrinsic value extends from how we price the liabilities generated by our businesses to the way we invest the float generated by premiums. We are therefore evaluating how to enhance the total return on the investments in our general account, rather than focusing primarily on net investment income. While we prioritize organic growth in mak- ing decisions about where we can most effectively deploy your capital, we also continuously evaluate acquisition oppor- tunities across the globe that align with our strategic direction, provide capabilities that support our business priorities, and produce attractive financial returns.

 We see opportunities to grow our core businesses profitably by focusing on delivering value to our clients. In our Com- mercial Insurance business, for example, we’ve invested in our engineers, helping us grow in markets where relatively few competitors have the dedicated industry expertise our clients need. From cyber-risk insurance to crisis management and environmental consulting, our innovative offerings and investments in loss control services are increasingly differen- tiating AIG and opening up new avenues to expand client relationships. And to extend our advantage in the multination- al segment, we are investing in improved multicountry service platforms and better consulting tools.
We have a number of conduits for organic growth. We cur- rently insure 99.6 percent of the Fortune 500 companies and see an opportunity to increase the proportion of these clients for whom we are their lead insurer. In Consumer Insurance, we are also applying our capabilities to reduce people’s fear of outliving their savings, endemic in aging populations in a number of large economies. We are optimistic about the demand for insurance in India and China, and are well positioned to collaborate with our long-standing partners Tata Group and People’s Insurance Company of China.
Also in Consumer Insurance, our acquisition of London-based Ageas Protect Limited will strengthen our profile in the UK. Already in 2015, we announced the acquisition of Laya Healthcare, Ireland’s second-largest health insurance provid- er, which will give us nearly 500,000 additional clients and new capabilities in the health insurance area, where we see substantial opportunities around the world.
Growing our company is one aspect of value-based management. Running AIG according to these principles also means that, where our current products, services, and offerings do not support our strategic and financial goals, we will look for ways to redeploy capital or return it to you.
The unwinding of the Direct Investment book (DIB) portfolio and the systematic settlement of the Runoff insurance lines are examples of this.
Creating Value Beyond the Sum of the Parts
Our recent history has also taught us that complexity jeop- ardizes long-term shareholder value by increasing cost, risk, and the time it takes to reach and implement decisions, while reducing accountability. So a key element of our plan is further simplifying AIG’s business and operating models, and creating structures that promote clear accountability.
As I said earlier, delaying investment in infrastructure is not a sustainable option compatible with long-term sharehold- er value. Failure to invest deprives our employees of the tools needed to properly measure risk, evaluate business opportunity, and deliver best-in-class service to our clients in an increasingly competitive marketplace. Consequently, we continue to invest in our IT infrastructure, Science, and Compliance functions. These investments are incorporated into our financial target to reduce GOE by 3 to 5 percent a year.
From a conglomerate of businesses, largely operated as silos, to a core group of insurance businesses run by a central leadership team, AIG has greatly simplified and de-risked its structure over the past several years. After becoming CEO in September, I further refocused AIG’s businesses and aligned them by clients served – Commercial and Consumer – rather than by products offered.
I also launched a comprehensive look at how we can enhance our decision making at AIG by leveraging our unparalleled strategic data assets to make the most informed business decisions, and by improving our employees’ ability to act quickly to advance the interests of our clients and shareholders.
3

  4
We can now focus more strategically and diligently on serving our clients and delivering what they value most in the quickest and most efficient way.
Our simplified business model preserves the benefits of scale and diversification, which distinguish us from our peers, and better enables us to deliver sustainable value to shareholders at an appropriate risk level by:
• Balancing risk across products, geographies, and clients, and promoting overall credit strength.
• Enabling more dynamic allocation of capital while mini- mizing friction costs.
• Positioning us to better absorb the growing costs of compli- ance, risk management, and investment in technology.
• Enabling us to use our valuable $16 billion in net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income and tax liabilities.
As we sculpt the future AIG, we will implement initiatives including:
• Applying science to better price and select risk through enhanced data, analytics, and evidence-based decision making, to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns.
• Making necessary investments in IT, including new global claims and underwriting platforms, and improved global call center and exposure analysis resources, to deliver first- class client service and decrease our loss ratio.
• Reducing costs and deploying capital more efficiently by integrating our Japanese businesses and building a new distribution platform for our Japanese agency network.
• Floating or selling businesses that lack current or realizable potential synergy with our core operations.
AIG’s diversified status, and thus our ability to be taxed as a Life and Non-Life company, enables us to use our valuable net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards to
offset future taxable income and tax liabilities. Changes to AIG’s diversified corporate structure would significantly reduce our ability to use our valuable tax assets, and the company would forfeit a significant economic benefit.
AIG Employees: Driving Everything We Do
I’ve set out an ambitious plan for 2015 and beyond. This plan will require discipline, focus, and a willingness to continuously revisit and enhance the way we work so that we stay competi- tive in an ever-changing and ever-challenging marketplace.
Our 65,000 employees are up to the task. The professionals who brought AIG through unparalleled challenge continue to deliver industry-leading service to our clients. Those who have joined AIG more recently bring new insights and experiences for us to advance our business.
Our employees are the source of our clients’ trust – whether in new and growing relationships, or those established over decades. They are building on that deep level of client en- gagement, taking an increasingly integrated approach to the client experience.
Within the insurance industry, AIG’s talent differentiates us, with our professionals being recognized as industry leaders around the world. We will continue to invest in individuals but are increasing our emphasis on building teams that bring the full scale, breadth of capability, and diversity of perspective to clients.
This is a new chapter for AIG. In this letter, I’ve set out goals – and I’m accountable to you for them. With the industry’s best team, I’m confident that together we’ll achieve or exceed them.
Bring on tomorrow.
 Peter D. Hancock

 Robert S. Miller
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Dear AIG Shareholder,
2014 was another year of great progress for AIG. It was a year of decision and action, as we focused on staying the course while moving forward, and creating sustainable value for our stakeholders.
The most important decision in 2014 was the selection of the leader who would succeed Bob Benmosche as AIG President and CEO. After a comprehensive process to bring the best leadership to our stakeholders, the Board, with great confi- dence, selected Peter Hancock as AIG’s new President and CEO in June. He succeeded Bob on September 1.
Bob passed away in February 2015. We mourn this profound loss with great sadness, yet celebrate Bob’s life and legacy with the greatest appreciation. Courageous and controver- sial, Bob led the people of AIG to achieve the unimaginable – executing perhaps the largest turnaround in the history of corporate America. The Board witnessed firsthand the effect of Bob’s philosophy: When you give people the freedom to act, and they act responsibly, they are capable of amazing things. On behalf of the Board and so many others, we will always be grateful to Bob.
Peter has the characteristics to lead AIG toward our vision of being the world’s most valued insurer for our clients, including his deep financial experience that helped us de-risk the com- pany, and broad international experience from having lived and led in places across the globe. Shortly after Peter officially took on the role in September, he aligned the company by cli- ent segment rather than product line – further bringing together our capabilities and bringing us closer to our clients.
In 2014, the dialogue continued between the AIG Board
and our regulators to better understand and help shape the evolving worldwide regulatory environment. Our primary objectives remain the same. As a global company with many global clients, we want our many individual regulatory entities to develop rules and requirements that are consistent across national boundaries. And as an insurer, we want to advo- cate for a framework that recognizes the inherent differences between insurance companies and banks, and treats each industry accordingly. In our view, regulatory oversight, if done properly, can facilitate rather than hinder the important role of the insurance industry in our world economy.
AIG is no stranger to change, and 2014 was no exception, with new leadership and a new structure. What matters is
that the changes make us better and move us forward in the right direction. We look forward to the changes that 2015 will bring, and to even more opportunities to deliver value to our clients and shareholders.
Sincerely,
Robert S. Miller
 5
