Robert H. Benmosche
President and Chief Executive Officer
  2
To Our Shareholders,
When we look back on 2013, we can truly say that it was an opportunity for us to demonstrate that what we’ve done at AIG over the past few years is sustainable.
Last year, we capitalized on strong forward momentum, driven by the winning spirit of our people and solid performance in our core insurance operating businesses.
The actions we took last year positioned us for an even stronger 2014, as we concentrate on four core priorities:
•Intense focus on customers: We’ve invested a tremendous amount of time and effort into changing the company for the better over the past few years, never losing sight of our driving force – our customers – along the way. Every step we took to improve AIG was designed to enable us to serve them better and become closer to them.
•Strong growth and profitability in our operating businesses: Our efforts to improve risk selection, strengthen distribution, and grow sales are really paying off. We became a stronger, and more efficient and sustainable company, thanks in part to our continued progress in such areas as technology, operations, and our centers of excellence.
AIG is an insurance and retirement solutions leader, and we
have opportunities to grow – in smart ways that leverage shared technology and other resources.
•Operational efficiency: We continue to look at ways to simplify our organization so that there are as few layers as possible between us and our customers. We are also fine- tuning our decision-making processes to ensure that the best qualified people are the ones making the calls, in the most reasonable amount of time.
•Our people: We have endeavored to create a simpler organization, which, with clearer role responsibility, will help empower our people, increase collaboration and efficiency, and further strengthen our customer relationships.
Our 2013 results illustrate how we are effectively leveraging all of our resources across every business to add value to our overall organization:
•AIG Property Casualty had growth in pre-tax operating income, attributable to an improvement in underwriting results and an increase in net investment income, partially offset by the impact of higher severe losses.

  Last year, we capitalized on strong
forward momentum, driven by the winning spirit of our people and solid performance in our core insurance operating businesses.
  •AIG Life and Retirement experienced strong sales, generated significant positive net flows, and captured opportunities in an era where unprecedented numbers of baby boomers continue to retire. Assets under management continued to rise year-over-year, and the diversified distribution platform delivered near-record sales of variable annuities, fixed annuities, and retail mutual funds.
•United Guaranty Corporation saw net premiums written rise in 2013. The business also paid a $90 million cash dividend to AIG Parent in 2013, its first since 2010.
•AIG announced an agreement to sell International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. in the fourth quarter of 2013 for total consideration of approximately $5.4 billion.
•Cash dividends and loan repayments to AIG Parent from insurance subsidiaries totaled $8.7 billion in 2013.
•AIG Common Stock purchases and cash dividends to shareholders totaled $891 million in 2013.
This year, we celebrate the 95th anniversary of our roots in Shanghai, a city of entrepreneurs. When I first came to AIG in 2009, I visited The Bund – headquarters for AIG’s predecessor in China – and got a real sense of the company’s simple beginnings, as well as the interest in people and passion
for enterprise.
Today, we are looking for much the same thing, only on a larger, more global scale: a simplified organization that brings our talented people closer to our customers, so that we can better grow our business and deliver strong results to all of
our stakeholders.
Bring on tomorrow.
Robert H. Benmosche
 3

Robert S. Miller
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
  Dear AIG Shareholder,
2012 was the year we fully repaid America’s financial support of AIG. 2013 was a year in which AIG demonstrated that it has a solid foundation for sustainable profitability. Now, in 2014, it is time to look forward to future opportunities.
We must be ready to capitalize on opportunity. The company is working on better understanding and providing for customer needs, and is working to intensify its customer focus and elevate innovation. The Board will continue to consider the right opportunities to help expand our global reach in all businesses, while at the same time supporting the company’s initiative to become more scientific and selective in the business it does.
While we have made remarkable progress over the last few years, there is still work to be done. For example, the current stock price still lags well behind book value. Consistent with the Board’s role of rep- resenting the best interests of both the company and its shareholders, one of our goals is to make AIG an investment worth keeping, and to grow value for all of our stakeholders.
Another area of focus is the current and developing regulatory structure, which is undergoing significant change. Under Dodd-Frank, AIG was officially named a non-bank systemically important finan- cial institution in 2013. We were also named a global systemically important insurer by the Financial Stability Board in consultation with the International Association of Insurance Supervisors.
As I have said many times, the Board welcomes regulation by the Federal Reserve, and we are committed to working with them with trust and transparency. They share our objective of making AIG a better, stronger company, able to withstand whatever may happen in the future.
There is a lot of work being done both in the U.S. and internationally to build the appropriate regulatory structure for the insurance indus- try, and the next few years are going to be crucial as regulations are finalized. An important part of our work as a Board is to understand and help shape this new regulatory environment. We have two main objectives: ensuring global consistency of rules and requirements; and creating a framework that is appropriate for the insurance indus- try and that will help foster growth.
Cultivating great talent is one of the most important ways that AIG distinguishes itself. We have put a lot of time and thought into making sure the company has the right people in the right roles, and toward developing a deep bench of incredibly capable leaders waiting
to step up to whatever challenge is given to them. For those who were with AIG through the financial crisis, the company’s turnaround further strengthened their leadership abilities, and our success is attracting top talent to AIG. We are winners, and the best players want to be on our team. The ability of the company to hire the best people in the industry allows us to gain new ideas and perspectives from their experience.
I and the other Directors have had the pleasure of observing firsthand the people of AIG working together to bring the company to this moment. We are moving in the right direction, with the right priorities, the right perspectives, and, most importantly, the right internal and external checks and balances. I look forward to where we take AIG next.
Robert S. Miller
 4
