 Martin J. Sullivan
President and
Chief Executive Officer
We remain confident in our strategy to leverage our financial strength and global franchise to continue our growth in both emerging and developed markets.
After a promising start, 2007 had a disappointing conclusion, both in terms of our results and share price performance. The U.S. credit crisis, recession fears and record-high oil prices caused economic disruption and uncer- tainty. In addition, some of our businesses did not meet expectations. Nevertheless, the fundamental strength of our core operations is intact, and we made impor- tant advances in key markets. We remain confident in our strategy to leverage our financial strength and global franchise to continue our growth in both emerging and developed markets. Although it appears economic conditions will not be any better in 2008, we continue to see many opportunities to deliver quality insurance and financial products and services to customers around the world.
2007 Results
AIG reported net income of $6.20 bil- lion, or $2.39 per diluted share for 2007, compared to $14.05 billion, or $5.36 per diluted share for 2006. Full year 2007 adjusted net income, excluding the effect of economically effective hedging activities that did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under FAS 133, and the related foreign exchange gains and losses, was $9.31 billion, or $3.58 per diluted share, compared to $15.41 billion, or $5.88 per diluted share for 2006.
Included in 2007 net income and adjusted net income was a charge of $11.47 billion pretax ($7.46 billion after tax) for unrealized market valuation losses related to the AIG Financial Products Corp. (AIGFP) super senior credit default swap portfolio. Based upon its most current analysis, AIG believes any losses that are realized over time on the super senior credit default swap portfolio of AIGFP will not be material to AIG’s
2 AIG 2007 Annual Report
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
 
 overall financial condition, although it is possible that realized losses could be mate- rial to AIG’s consolidated results of oper- ations for an individual reporting period. Full year results also include pretax net realized capital losses of $3.59 billion.
Consolidated assets increased in 2007 to $1.061 trillion, up from $979.41 billion in 2006. At year end, book value per share stood at $37.87, down from $39.09
at the end of 2006. Shareholders’ equity also declined to $95.80 billion from $101.68 billion at the end of 2006. AIG recorded total revenues during the year of $110.06 billion, 2.9 percent below 2006 revenues. Revenues, shareholders’ equity and book value per share were adversely affected by realized capital losses and the net unrealized market valuation loss recorded by AIGFP.
2007 Highlights
We overcame the challenges of 2007 to make progress on several fronts. We were pleased when the China Insurance Regulatory Commission approved our application to establish a Wholly Owned Foreign Enterprise (WOFE) under the name AIG General Insurance Company China Limited (AIG General). Soon after, we opened a new AIG General headquarters in Shanghai and consoli- dated our Chinese general insurance operations there to capture efficiencies and provide a platform to establish new branches in other areas of China. AIA China continued to expand on the provincial licenses granted in 2006, opening 29 new sales and service centers in 2007, for a total of 104 centers in 19 cities. In addition, AIG InvestmentsSM
received approval to set up a representative office in Tianjin, our first operation in China’s third-largest city.
In Korea, we obtained preliminary approval from the Financial Supervisory Service to offer mortgage reinsurance through AIG United Guaranty Insurance (Asia) Limited. We signed a memoran- dum of understanding with the Bank
of Investment and Development of Vietnam for the expansion of our business cooperation agreement in that rapidly growing country. The agreement will allow us to expand beyond our existing relationship in life insurance to include
a wide range of areas such as general insurance, consumer finance, asset management and banking services.
We are rapidly building a consumer finance franchise in India to complement our Tata AIG Life and General Insurance partnership. In 2007, we established a presence in housing finance and consumer durable finance. In addition, we are strengthening our presence in asset man- agement and real estate development.
In the Middle East, American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) received a license to operate a retail life insurance business in the Qatar Financial Centre. ALICO is the first life insurance company to receive an expanded license, which is in addition to a wholesale life insurance license first obtained in February 2007.
Our acquisition of the German insurer Württembergische und Badische Versicherungs-AG (WüBa) reaffirmed our commitment to growth in the German marketplace, and greatly enhanced
our insurance offerings to small and midsize companies.
We advanced our strategy in the auto insurance sector when we acquired the out- standing shares of 21st Century Insurance Group that we did not already own.
BusinessWeek named AIG one
of the 100 Best Global Brands,
a testament to the brand’s growing value in markets all over the world.
  In 2007, AIG received approval from the China Insurance Regulatory Commission to establish a wholly owned general insurance subsidiary in China (pictured, Shanghai skyline).
 The AIG Private Client Group’s Wildfire Protection Unit® uses the latest fire-mitigation technology to help protect policyholders’ proper- ties in the western United States.
AIG 2007 Annual Report 3

 We then consolidated 21st Century with AIG’s existing auto platform. The com- bined operation, aigdirect.comSM, is an organization with the reach and expertise needed to compete more effectively in the U.S. auto insurance marketplace.
Through AIG-managed funds, we are a leading investor in the infrastructure business. In 2007, our investments in P&O Ports North America, AMPORTS and MTC Holdings were organized under one management structure. We believe the new entity, Ports America, constitutes the largest and most experi- enced independent port operator and automotive import/export processor in the United States.
In addition to these accomplishments, we made good progress on several other fronts.
Customer Focus—We devoted a great deal of attention to our customers as we broadened the implementation of our “Deliver the Firm” strategy. Specifically, we examined how to realign the way AIG does business so we can deploy our products and services in ways that allow us to meet multiple needs
of customers around the world. For our customers, it means more convenience, more choices and even better services. For our employees, it means broader engagement with other AIG businesses and colleagues. For our shareholders, it means tapping the vast potential for new growth and higher returns.
Capital Management—The imple- mentation of our economic capital model provides us with a tool to help us allocate our capital efficiently. The tool provides one of the metrics we will use
with increasing frequency to allocate cap- ital to promising growth areas, judge per- formance on a consistent basis across our business segments and help us set com- pensation policy. AIG’s capital position is excellent and we have the flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities.
Innovation—Our reputation as an industry innovator gained widespread recognition when AIG Private Client Group’s Wildfire Protection Unit acted swiftly to protect client homes from rag- ing wildfires in the western United States. The unit’s response teams treated client homes with a fire retardant in advance
of the flames, reducing losses and claims. Meanwhile, AIG Product Development maintained a steady flow of new products, launching one every 14 days on average, with individual businesses launching even more. New offerings ranged from Family Protector, an urban protection package launched in South Africa, to AIG Oilfield Services Insurance, a one-stop coverage solution designed specifically for independent oil and gas clients.
Building our Brand—We made sub- stantial progress in 2007 in strengthening worldwide recognition of the AIG brand. Our success is attributable to greater consistency in the implementation of our brand and judicious investments
in brand advertising and sponsorship opportunities. Our sponsorship of
the Manchester United Football Club has helped tremendously to increase our recognition worldwide, particularly in key Asian markets. Of course, it has helped build recognition in the United Kingdom as well. The consolidation of our New Hampshire and Landmark businesses under the name AIG UK Limited will allow us to further leverage our Manchester United sponsorship.
In Australia and New Zealand, all of our
We devoted a great deal of attention to our customers as we broadened the implementation of our “Deliver the Firm”strategy.
businesses now market under the AIG brand name. We launched a vigorous branding campaign in India to support our business growth there. National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., now markets under the name AIG Executive LiabilitySM and AIG VALIC, a leader in the K-12, healthcare and higher education markets, has re-branded as AIG Retirement. It was gratifying to see the growing strength of our brand recognized when BusinessWeek magazine included AIG in its annual list of the world’s top brands, ranking us at 47, the highest rank of any insurer,
in our first-ever appearance on the list. While we are proud of these successes,
we clearly need to improve in several areas. There is no disputing the severity of the U.S. residential mortgage crisis and the dislocation in the credit markets, but that cannot be an excuse for poor per- formance. We need to reverse higher losses and expenses and work through product and distribution shortcomings in several other businesses. Even though we have made progress increasing the average number of products sold per customer, there is still room for improvement.
4 AIG 2007 Annual Report

 Group Executive Committee
We are addressing these weaknesses through operational and structural invest- ments and improvements, and I can assure you we are doing so with a sense of urgency.
Vision and Values
While financial strength, quality assets and a solid strategy are critical elements of success, it is also important to synthe- size those elements with a set of core values that are shared by all employees. In 2007, we engaged a sampling of employees around the world and formal- ized a vision and set of values for AIG that will serve as our touchstone for future progress:
Our Vision is to be the world’s first-choice provider of insurance and financial services.
Our Values are People, Customer Focus, Performance, Integrity, Respect and Entrepreneurship.
Our Vision and Values define and unite us as an organization. You can read more about our Vision and Values further on in this report.
General Insurance
In the United States and abroad, AIG’s General Insurance businesses write substantially all lines of commercial property-casualty insurance and various personal lines. A combination of product diversification, distribution strength and underwriting discipline allowed the General Insurance group to achieve higher operating income despite decidedly uneven market conditions.
The Domestic Brokerage Group (DBG), which provides commercial insurance products and services to a wide range of businesses in the United States, had a record year, with operating income climbing 25 percent. DBG is the largest property-casualty insurance organization in the United States with market-leading businesses such as AIG Executive Liability, a premier provider of executive and professional liability insurance;
Martin J. Sullivan4 President and
Chief Executive Officer
Edmund S.W. Tse5 Senior Vice Chairman Life Insurance
Steven J. Bensinger2 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Anastasia D. Kelly3 Executive Vice President General Counsel and Senior Regulatory
and Compliance Officer
Rodney O. Martin, Jr.11 Executive Vice President Life Insurance
Kristian P. Moor10 Executive Vice President Domestic General Insurance
Win J. Neuger8 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Nicholas C. Walsh6 Executive Vice President Foreign General Insurance
Jay S. Wintrob12 Executive Vice President Retirement Services
William N. Dooley9 Senior Vice President Financial Services
Andrew J. Kaslow1 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Brian T. Schreiber7 Senior Vice President Strategic Planning
 7
6
89
10
1 2 3 4 12 5
11
AIG 2007 Annual Report 5
 
  Ambassador Frank G. Wisner
Vice Chairman External Affairs
Lexington Insurance Company,
the leading U.S.-based excess and surplus lines insurer; AIG Excess Casualty®, DBG’s leading commercial umbrella provider; and AIG Environmental®,
a pioneer in pollution and eco-friendly liability coverages. AIG’s Domestic Accident & Health Division, which manages specialized accident and health risks for consumer, commercial and affinity group customers, and AIG Worldsource, which provides innovative global liability insurance solutions, as well as HSB Group, Inc., a leading worldwide provider of equipment break- down and engineered lines insurance, all performed well in 2007 due in part
to their execution of unique Deliver the Firm strategies.
Integration costs and higher claims activity adversely affected results in our Domestic Personal Lines businesses. However, consolidation and product innovation will improve our market position going forward. AIG Private Client Group, which insures more than one-third of the Forbes 400 Richest Americans, achieved net written premium growth in excess of 37 percent. The group is building on the growing
Dr. Jacob A. Frenkel
Vice Chairman
Global Economic Strategies
popularity of its Wildfire Protection Unit with the deployment of its Hurricane Protection Unit® in coastal regions. Transatlantic Holdings, Inc., a majority- owned holding company of international reinsurers, achieved record net income partly due to higher premium volume and favorable loss experience in its property lines.
Significant home price deterioration associated with the ongoing U.S. housing crisis resulted in a challenging year for the domestic mortgage insurance business of United Guaranty Corporation (UGC). We expect similar domestic market conditions to last into 2009. Even so, growth in international markets, togeth- er with higher persistency that lifted domestic first-lien renewal premiums, produced solid growth in net premiums written. With operations today in 15 countries, UGC is prudently pursuing additional international opportunities in promising markets such as Japan, India, Australia and Germany.
In addition to the WOFE license it received in China, AIG’s Foreign General Insurance group also launched a new operation in Oman and opened a new branch in Qatar, strengthening its position as the most extensive property-casualty network in the world. Full year results were adversely affected by the losses from the June 2007 U.K. floods and higher non-catastrophic losses; however, underwriting results were excellent. Foreign General continues to refine its customized product range to meet the requirements of a growing worldwide middle class while developing products for underserved markets.
Life Insurance & Retirement Services
AIG’s Life Insurance & Retirement Services group carries on a long tradition of excellence it has earned during many years of industry leadership. In 2007, the group had strong top line growth, and momentum is building on the strength of new and enhanced products, as well
as new distribution initiatives. However, operating income decreased compared to 2006, primarily due to higher net realized capital losses in 2007.
Foreign Life operations devoted significant management time and resources to building our business in China and India. Progress continues on the merger of AIG Star Life Insurance Co., Ltd., and AIG Edison Life Insurance Company, which we hope to complete in early 2009. We are encouraged by prom- ising results from the introduction of new variable annuity products. In addition, further deregulation in the bank channel and the privatization of Japan Post Insurance Co., Ltd., are creating opportu- nities to sell our products through vast new distribution systems.
6 AIG 2007 Annual Report

 AIG’s life insurance network is the most extensive of any life insurance organization. Our life businesses abroad include market-leading companies such as American International Assurance Company, Limited, consistently rated one of the most trusted brands in Southeast Asia. ALICO operates in more than 50 countries, with a strong and growing presence in Japan, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America. The Philippine American Life and General Insurance Company observed its 60th anniversary and remains the premier life insurer in the Philippines. Our Taiwan life insurance unit, Nan Shan Life Insurance Company, Ltd., once again received recognition throughout
the year for its quality customer service. In the United States, AIG American
General enhanced its position as a lead- ing life insurer by introducing more than 25 new or revised products and riders in 2007. Its acquisition of direct marketer Matrix Direct, Inc., helped the company expand beyond its traditional distribution methods. AIG American General contin- ues to place significant emphasis on cross-selling efforts by developing coordi- nated offerings with AIG Investments, DBG and AIG Retirement.
The launch of the“Live Longer Retire Stronger” national advertising campaign boosted recognition of AIG’s retirement services capabilities while supporting our global branding initiative.
Domestic retirement services opera- tions continue to address the growing need for asset accumulation, protection and guaranteed income solutions. AIG Annuity Insurance Company, the largest issuer of fixed annuities in the United States, responded to difficult market con- ditions by launching new products and by expanding distribution. AIG VALIC, now operating as AIG Retirement, achieved double-digit deposit growth and a steady increase in fee income and assets under management. AIG SunAmerica, a leader in variable annuities, achieved record fee income and assets under man- agement by responding to the demand for “income for life” solutions. The launch of the “Live Longer Retire Stronger” national advertising campaign boosted recognition of AIG’s retirement services capabilities while supporting our global branding initiative.
Financial Services
The Financial Services group recorded an operating loss of $9.52 billion for 2007 primarily due to the unrealized market valuation losses related to the AIGFP super senior credit default swap portfolio. We continue to believe that AIGFP will not realize significant losses from this derivative business, which insures against the default of certain securities. Since its creation, AIGFP has been a strong performer and is an important component of AIG’s diverse portfolio
of businesses.
We continue to see good potential across all product segments of our Financial Services group. Together, they diversify our revenues and comple- ment our core insurance operations.
AIG’s International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) has the largest aircraft fleet in the world, as measured by fleet value, and is the largest single customer to date for the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner.
AIG was named one of “The Global 100” most sustainable companies at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. AIG is develop- ing environmentally sustainable properties, such as Spruce Peak at Stowe, Vt., developed by AIG Global Real Estate.
  AIG 2007 Annual Report 7

 International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC), for example, had an excellent year with strong operating income.
A worldwide leader in aircraft leasing, ILFC executed lease agreements covering 138 aircraft and became the largest single customer to date for the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. ILFC’s fleet of more than 900 modern, efficient passenger jets
is the largest in the world, as measured by fleet value.
American General Finance, Inc. (AGF), a major consumer finance organ- ization in the United States, weathered deteriorating market conditions with con- servative lending practices and a branch structure that allows it to stay in
close touch with customers and market trends. AGF is in a position to oppor- tunistically expand its business portfolio, as it demonstrated in early 2008 when it agreed to acquire a substantial portion
of the Equity One consumer branch loan portfolio from Popular, Inc.
AIG Consumer Finance Group, Inc. achieved record earnings in Poland and expanded in key markets such as India, Thailand and Mexico. The Imperial A.I. Credit Companies maintained its position as the largest financer of insurance premiums in North America and continued to grow its high-net-worth life insurance business.
Asset Management
The Asset Management group provides a wide variety of investment-related services and investment products. Operating income decreased in 2007 due to foreign exchange, interest rate and credit related mark-to-market losses and other-than- temporary impairment charges on fixed income investments. However, the group grew unaffiliated client assets under man- agement by 26 percent to $94.2 billion.
The group also manages AIG insurance and asset management portfolios, which exceeded $672.3 billion at year end. AIG is the world’s seventh-largest asset manager, with operations in 45 cities, including new offices in Dubai and Kampala, Uganda’s capital.
Formerly known as AIG Global Investment Group, we re-branded our institutional asset management function AIG Investments, a name that succinctly conveys the group’s core business and is aligned with AIG’s global branding effort.
AIG Private Bank Ltd., continued the expansion of its global wealth man- agement business, opening AIG’s first wealth management office in Taiwan. AIG Private Bank also entered into a joint venture agreement with Bank Sarasin & Co. Ltd. to establish a new Swiss bank with a goal of being a strong player in Switzerland and all of Europe. AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corp. expanded its investment and development platforms, increasing its equity under management to more than $23 billion, and adding new employees in strategic markets such as the Middle East, India and other countries throughout Asia.
Public Policy and
Corporate Responsibility
Terrorism is an unconventional risk due to its unpredictability and the potential severity of losses. So we applaud the U.S. Congress and the White House for extending the federal Terrorism Risk Insurance Act as a backstop, which is vital to a secure economy. On another important policy front, we continued our efforts to open global markets to our insurance products, financial services and investments. At the same time,
we are working to keep U.S. markets open to foreign trade and investment, which is so important to the health of the world economy.
We recognize that our businesses cannot succeed over the long term unless we are mindful of the well-being of others. In 2007, AIG significantly expanded its corporate responsibility initiatives to make a greater positive contribution to society through both our core business activities and our philanthropic programs.
We are working to keep U.S. markets open
to foreign trade and investment, which is so important to the health of the world economy.
AIG has a history of addressing soci- ety’s challenges through business success. Using the same tools that have helped AIG companies prosper, we leverage our experi- ence and global reach with organizations such as ACCION International and
Pro Mujer to promote entrepreneurship, innovation, diversity and empowerment. A decade ago, AIG launched the first-ever microinsurance program for a group of local microlenders in Uganda. Today, the AIG companies are developing microinsurance markets in Africa, India, Latin America and Southeast Asia, and have helped some 2.5 million clients
in 12 countries.
A leader in environmental insurance, AIG last year developed a suite of new products to address client needs related to alternative energy and limiting carbon emissions. We also launched a program that enables homeowners to rebuild their property to green standards following
a covered loss.
8 AIG 2007 Annual Report

 We have also begun to address the environmental impact of our own operations. We conducted the first global inventory of AIG’s greenhouse gas emissions and began to develop a mitigation plan, including the purchase of carbon offsets. As a first step, we sponsored a forum in Beijing for our corporate clients, where we announced our intent to fund agricultural projects in
rural China that reduce or sequester greenhouse gas emissions.
We continue to support and participate in the Carbon Disclosure Project, the U.S. Climate Action Partnership and other climate initiatives. In September, AIG became an insurance-sector component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America (DJSI North America). Index components are selected according to a systematic assessment that identifies the leading sustainability-driven compa- nies in each industry group.
Following the appointment of our first Chief Diversity Officer early in 2007, we took a number of actions to help AIG realize the benefits of a more diverse organization. We established diversity steering committees at the business level to complement our Corporate Executive Steering Committee; implemented training programs for existing employees; and explored ways to improve how
we attract and mentor diverse job candidates. We are also developing new products to address the needs of diverse clients, while increasing our supplier diversity. We still have work to do,
but the actions we are taking today
will help AIG build its reputation as a forward-thinking organization.
Stock Price and Dividends
As I mentioned at the outset, the perform- ance of AIG’s stock in 2007 and into 2008 was disappointing. The price of an AIG common share closed the year at $58.30, 18.6 percent below the close of 2006. By comparison, the S&P 500 Stock Index rose 3.5 percent in 2007.
The Board of Directors took several steps during 2007 to demonstrate its confidence in AIG’s ability to continue to grow and generate excess capital.
In March, the Board approved a new dividend policy, which provides that, under ordinary circumstances, AIG plans to increase its common stock dividend by approximately 20 percent annually. The new policy became effective in May 2007, when the Board voted to increase the quarterly cash dividend to 20 cents per share, a 21.2 percent increase over the previous quarterly dividend and the 22nd consecutive year
that AIG has increased its dividend.
The Board of Directors took several steps during 2007 to demonstrate its confidence in AIG’s ability to continue
to grow and generate excess capital.
Also in March, the Board expanded AIG’s existing share repurchase program by authorizing the repurchase of up to $8 billion in common stock. In November, we announced the Board’s decision to authorize the repurchase of an additional $8 billion in common stock. During 2007, AIG repurchased more than 76 million
common shares. AIG does not expect to purchase additional shares in the foresee- able future, other than to meet commit- ments that existed at December 31, 2007. We believe this is a prudent decision in light of the unsettled capital markets and because it gives AIG maximum flexibility to pursue growth opportunities that may arise.
Board and Management Changes
Three directors who have made enormous contributions to AIG will retire at the annual meeting in May. It is impossible to overstate the contribution Frank Zarb made during his seven years on the Board, particularly during his tenure as interim Chairman. Frank’s clear judg- ment and exceptional organizational and leadership skills provided the support management needed to work through some of the most difficult challenges in AIG’s 89-year history.
Marshall “Mickey” Cohen has been a valuable contributor throughout his 16 years on the Board. As AIG has evolved, the continuity of Mickey’s trusted
counsel has been a steady reference point. As Chairman of the Board’s Compensation and Management Resources Committee, he has been at the forefront of significant enhancements in AIG’s compensation policies.
Steve Hammerman’s three years of Board service coincided with a period of important transition at AIG. As Chairman of the Regulatory, Compliance and Legal Committee, his wisdom and common- sense approach guided AIG through difficult regulatory issues. We are truly grateful to all of these outstanding individuals for their dedicated service.
AIG 2007 Annual Report 9

 It is not enough for our shareholders merely to earn a steady return; we want you to earn superior returns and to be proud that you invest in AIG.
In January 2008, the Board of Directors elected Stephen F. Bollenbach a director. Steve recently retired as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hilton Hotels Corporation, and possesses deep experience in managing complex global businesses. We look forward to his contributions.
2008 Outlook and Priorities
We harbor no illusions about the chal- lenges ahead in 2008. The U.S. residential housing market is expected to remain weak throughout the year. Uncertainty persists about credit markets and the U.S. economy in general, and competition
is increasing in many of our markets. However, while challenges limit some opportunities, they create others.
These headwinds may require us to tack a different course, but we expect to achieve success nevertheless. Our five-year goal is to grow adjusted earnings per share by an average of 10 to 12 percent annually, and a significant portion of management compensation is linked to the achievement of this goal.
We are confident that we have the right strategies and resources to succeed. AIG’s financial strength is formidable by any measure, and our capital position is solid. We have established, well-run businesses in every corner of the globe.
We must remain disciplined in our underwriting, refusing to chase rates down in softening markets. We must continu- ally enhance distribution and improve cost efficiency. Yet, we will invest
where we need to invest, especially to build out areas of infrastructure that
are critical to growth.
We will conduct our business respon- sibly, working constructively with regulators, minimizing our impact on the environment and cultivating a diverse workforce that acts in harmony with our core values.
It is not enough simply to profit from our transactions with customers; we want them to manage risk effectively and to succeed in their endeavors. It is not enough to thrive in the markets where
we operate; we want those markets to grow and produce wealth and opportuni- ty for everyone in them. It is not enough for our employees simply to earn a living; we also want them to be personally satisfied in the work they do. And it is not enough for our shareholders merely to earn a steady return; we want you to earn superior returns and to be proud that you invest in AIG.
AIG is a remarkable company, thanks to the support of many. I would like to thank the Board of Directors for its wise counsel; our customers and business partners for their loyalty; all of our dedicated employees around the world, who truly make AIG the great company that it is; and you, our shareholders, for your support and confidence in investing in AIG.
  10 AIG 2007 Annual Report
Sincerely,
Martin J. Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2008
