 Chairman & CEO Frank R. Schmeler
“Our focus on growth is driving innovation in everything we do. We
believe that stimulating innovation throughout the Company is a powerful force
for growth.”
Valeur
Letter to Our Shareholders
When I reported to you last year, I told you we would concentrate our efforts in 2004 on delivering value to shareholders, customers, employees, and sup- pliers. That focus became the driving force behind all our activities during the year, and we made substantial progress in expanding our value proposition. The com- mitment to deliver value is shared by the entire Albany team, and as we enter 2005, it is stronger than ever.
tions and customer operations globally for the benefit of all our stakeholders. As a result, value is truly “our global language.”
Value We Created in 2004
By continuing to generate substantial cash in 2004, we were able to return $90.7 million to our shareholders through $9.6 million in cash dividends and $81.1 million in stock buybacks. Net cash provided by operating activities was $101.8 million in 2004, even after using $38.6 million for payments related to our restructuring initiatives, as compared to $131.5 million in 2003, after $9.0 million in similar payments.
    Today, Albany International is a value-driven organization. We chose this year’s annual report theme to reflect the efforts of our employees worldwide. They are pursuing value aggressively at Albany loca-
8 Wert

    We were able to deliver this amount of cash by focusing on the needs of our customers and using the discipline of the Albany Value Concept (AVC) program to deliver value. This program documents measurable economic benefits that our customers gain by using our products and process support. Last year, utilizing AVC, we continued
to work together with our customers to identify cost reduction and profit enhance- ment opportunities for them. Our joint efforts in 2004 iden- tified more than $100 million
in economic benefits for our North American customers alone.
2004 Financial Results
At this time last year, we were cautiously optimistic regarding global economic improvement in 2004. While most major economies did see some improvement, there were wide swings in demand for our customers’ products. As a result, we experienced
unusual fluctuations in our business.
During the year, our employees completed a challenging, complex, and successful operational restructuring, which was initiated in January 2003.
pared to 40.7 percent in 2003. We previously stated our intention to improve our margins, and with the restruc- turing completed, we should see improved margins in 2005.
Valeur
As part of that restructuring, we right-sized our capacity in Europe and North America with the closure
Despite weak capital spending by customers in major markets, our Albany Door Systems revenue and earnings improved in 2004 due to efficiency improve- ments, the introduction of new products, and increased aftermarket sales and service.
The past year was a significant one for the Applied Technologies segment product lines, which made solid contributions with double-digit increases in sales and earnings. Filtration products for power generation plants, principally in Australia, and gains in tannery and textile markets in Asia and Latin America provided a large portion of the improvements in this segment. In addition, results at Techniweave were positively affected by new business opportunities in structured components.
of four manufacturing plants. During the plant closures, a primary objective was the transfer of production to other Albany facilities without disrup- tion of supply to our customers. The Albany team did an outstanding job in achieving this objective. In addi- tion, the successful conclusion of our restructuring program generated total cost savings of more than $40 million. Approximately half of these savings were reflected in 2004 earnings, and the balance will be reflected in 2005 earnings.
Concurrent with the restructuring, we made substantial investments in plant and equipment for additional efficiency and growth. Matching our capacity to the changing demands of the global paper and paperboard industries, while a difficult challenge, makes Albany International stronger and well positioned to meet the needs of our customers.
“
“
Our joint efforts identified
more than $100 million in
Net sales for the year increased 3.6 percent com- pared to 2003, but decreased 1.4 percent excluding the effect of changes in currency translation rates. Gross profit
economic benefits for our
customers in North America alone in 2004.
Valor
as a percent of net sales was 39.4 percent in 2004, com-
9

Our Focus on Growth
With our restructuring completed, our focus is now on profitable growth, and we are aggressively engaged in activities that will enable us to accomplish this objective.
The Albany Value Concept will continue to be a primary component in driving top-line growth.Simply put, creating value for our customers should create growth for our Company. We believe that our customers will
place their busness “
obstacles and creating solutions to ensure their suc- cess represents another growth opportunity for Albany International.
At the same time, our focus on growth is driving innovation in everything we do. We believe that stimulating innovation throughout the Company is a powerful force for growth.
with suppliers that offer them the greatest value.
All the markets we serve continually face chal- lenges that require new products and technology from their suppliers. In papermaking, for example, demand for improved printability, increased product strength, and lower weight sheets is changing manufacturing requirements. In support of these changes, we are providing technology alternatives in design, applications, and materials to assist our customers in meeting these new market demands.
In our Applied Technologies segment, dry filtration customers must continually reduce particu- late levels in their industrial emissions to comply with clean air standards and environmental regulations. In response, new Albany filtration prod- ucts are improving contaminant removal levels and saving valuable installation space.
These and future technology challenges require higher levels of understanding and support for our cus- tomers — an opportunity our employees are well- prepared to meet. Assisting our customers in removing
While we fully expect that North American paper companies will invest in efficiency improvements over the next ten years, most capacity increases in the global paper and paperboard industry are expected to take place in Asia, Europe, and Latin America. We are well- positioned to benefit from market develop- ment in these regions, where our local
10
Valeur
Simply put, creating value for our customers should create growth for our Company.
presence for growth.
We will continue to implement our key strategies related to capital management. By working with our customers to shorten cycle times, improve inventory levels, and reduce accounts receivable, our invest- ment in working capital will be even more efficient- ly managed.
We expect to continue generating strong cash flow in 2005. Together with a strong balance sheet, this will provide the flexibility to evaluate alterna- tives that increase shareholder value.
Our Board of Directors
Long-time directors Charles B. Buchanan and
G. Allan Stenshamn retired from the Board in 2004, after 35 and 21 years of service, respectively. Their contributions and counsel have been much appreci- ated, and we wish them well.
provides
us with
opportunities
“

In August, we welcomed Juhani Pakkala to the sion of aftermarket sales and service. The Applied Valore
Board. Mr. Pakkala served as President and Chief Technologies segment should benefit from new power
Executive Officer of Metso Paper Inc. (formerly Valmet Corporation) in Finland from 1999 until his retirement in July 2003. Earlier in his career, he served in a number of executive positions in companies in the Metso Group in Finland, the United States, and Canada.
The Year Ahead
We enter the year in very strong competitive and financial positions, and those strengths create an excel- lent opportunity to continue delivering value to our customers and shareholders in 2005.
“Today our Company has a formidable combination of strengths — a global presence, world-class manufacturing facilities, leadership in technology, high-value product and service solutions, and most importantly, the outstanding people of Albany International.
generation plants in Asia that will come on-stream in 2005, improvements in tannery and textile markets in Asia and Latin America, and the growth of wet filtra- tion products and structural components.
Increased operating expenses resulting from high- er energy prices will have an impact on our operations in 2005. Higher petroleum prices may increase materi- al costs by as much as $12 million in 2005.
In 2000, I stated that we would improve all aspects of our business that we could control, regardless of economic conditions, and we will continue to do so. Over the last five years, we reduced debt $335 million, increased cash $52 million, and restructured our organization with annual cost savings of more than $100 million.
Today our Company has a formidable combination of strengths — a global presence, world-class manufacturing facilities, leadership in technology, high-value product and service solutions, and, most importantly, the outstanding people of Albany International. They have responded to the changing needs of our markets with hard work and skill and have expanded our value proposition to all of our stakeholders. For the entire Albany team, value is truly their global language.
“
 We are optimistic about the global paper and paperboard markets in 2005 and their effect on our financial results for the year. Current operating rates
Wert
remain hiVärde
expected
Albany Door Systems segment should continue to grow due to new product introductions and the expan-
Frank R. Schmeler Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
gh, espec
ially
most paperboard grades and selected paper grades is
to hold t
h th
hroug
e firs
in pa
perbo
ard, and demand for
t half of 2005. The
11
