                 Letter To
 Joseph G. Morone President & Chief Executive Officer
As we look back on 2013, and forward to the rest of 2014 and the second half of the decade, it becomes increasingly clear that our ability to continue to create shareholder value is shaped by three imperatives: hold Machine Clothing cash flow, execute the LEAP ramp, and advance the Albany Engineered Composites (AEC) pipeline.
These three imperatives comprise our corporate strategy, define our standard for assessing performance, and shape all of
our thinking – from investment to talent management. Hold Machine Clothing cash flow, despite the downward pressures of a mature market and from digital displacement of the printing and writing grades; execute the LEAP ramp, despite a LEAP engine growth rate and order volume that is unprecedented in the aerospace industry; and advance the AEC pipeline, both in the number of new opportunities progressing toward commercial contracts and in the breadth of opportunities under exploration
in the earlier stages of R&D.
Shareholders
Hold Machine Clothing.
By now, our strategy in Machine
Clothing should be as apparent to all of our investors as it is to our customers and competitors: focus on the leading paper- makers in the growth grades and regions, and deliver superior value on every dimension of performance: products,
field service, delivery times, quality, and underlying it all, talent. By these measures, 2013 was another outstanding year for
our global Machine Clothing business, a performance underscored by Procter & Gamble, which recognized Albany as an “External Business Partner of the Year,”
an honor it awarded to only 15 of its more than 82,000 suppliers. Albany Machine Clothing has received this recognition for three consecutive years, one of only three companies to do so.
Unfortunately, by our financial metrics, 2013 performance fell short of our expectations. For the full year, Machine Clothing Adjusted EBITDA declined by 6 percent compared
to 2012. While some of this decline can be attributed to the impact of the 2012 change in contract terms with a North American customer, soft sales in Asia also contributed to the reduced earnings. Despite continued strong competitive performance in Asia, our sales for the year were roughly 9 percent below 2012 levels.
As we have discussed many times in many investor forums, we believe we are well positioned in Machine Clothing for the long haul. We believe our strength in the growing markets of South America, and of tissue and packaging in North America, should
2
 
                be sufficient to offset the inevitable declines in the North American printing and writing grades, while our strength in the growing markets of Asia should be sufficient to offset the inevitable declines in Europe. For this reason, we view the macroeconomic environment, more than structural or competitive factors, as the primary source of risk (both upside and down) for Machine Clothing in the short and medium term. The impact of the weakening Chinese economy on our 2013 results underscores this view.
Execute the LEAP Ramp.
If current customer projections hold, the initial version of the LEAP engine will
enter into service in 2016; by 2020, annual production should reach 1,700 engines,
or roughly 30,000 fan blades. To put this
in context, it took 30 years for the CFM56, the best-selling engine in the history of commercial aviation and predecessor to LEAP, to reach its current production level
of 1,500 engines per year. As far as we
can determine, the world of aerospace
has never experienced as steep a ramp,
let alone the aggregate volume levels, that are contemplated for the LEAP engine. Ordinarily, manufacturing processes in the aerospace industry are improved as relatively small volumes gradually increase. But the steepness of the LEAP ramp curve, and the rate of required production, mean that we simply will not have time for such learning once production begins in earnest. Our learning “curve” must occur before the volume spikes.
Our goal is to implement fully a high-yield, highly repeatable manufacturing process before the ramp begins. In 2013, we made
adjusted EBITDA* USD MILLIONS
2011 2012 2013
, we believe we are well positioned in Machine Clothing for the long haul. We believe our
  net sales USD MILLIONS
2011 2012 2013
 787.3 760.9 757.4
 141.3 145.4 135.4
TOTAL debt (december 31) 2011 2012
USD MILLIONS
2013
 374.8 319.7 304.5
Total debt includes notes and loans payable, current and long-term debt.
*EBITDA from continuing operations, excluding restructuring charges, revaluation effects, pension settlement expense and gains from building sales; see item 7 of Form 10-K for disclosure of non-GAAP data.
These three imperatives com- prise our corporate strategy, de- fine our standard for assessing performance, and shape all of our thinking – from investment to talent management. Hold Machine Clothing cash flow, despite the downward pres- sures of a mature market and from digital displacement of the printing and writing grades; execute3the LEAP ramp, despite a LEAP en-
  
                excellent progress toward this goal, highlight- ed at the end of the year by an on-time and very successful first full-engine test. In 2014, we will be simultaneously producing parts
for an array of engine tests, completing the outfitting of the first modules of the two LEAP plants, and running initial full-rate production tests of those modules.
One of the reasons for the excellent progress to date is a very close collaboration with Safran. The most visible manifestation of that collaboration is the unique nature of our two LEAP production plants: the plants are jointly occupied by Albany and Safran; Albany occupies 60 percent of each plant, where we weave and inject resin into the parts we are making; the process flow then continues directly into the Safran portion of the plants, where the woven and injected parts are inspected, machined, and finished before being shipped to the final engine assembly plant.
Advance the pipeline.
In 2011, as it was becoming clear that the LEAP project would come to commercial
fruition, we set out to build the R&D
capability required to develop new generations of advanced composite
parts. We launched construction of a 45,000-square-foot technology development and rapid prototyping facility, and began to recruit talent across an array of technology domains, including modeling and simulation, high-temperature composites, injection molding, and weaving and equipment development (to develop next-generation weaving systems). By the end of 2013, R&D spending, both internal and customer-funded, had grown to $13 million or roughly 16 percent of AEC sales, the R&D team had grown to roughly 50 professionals, and we had begun to equip and staff an adjacent product development center that could advance products coming out of the rapid prototyping facility and R&D toward full-scale production.
We are now experiencing the initial impact of this wave of investment. In 2012, we worked on one airframe opportunity: a ceramic matrix composite (CMC) exhaust nozzle for Boeing. Today, as we continue to work on this CMC
  4
Initial low-rate production began in late 2013 at the new LEAP manufacturing facility in Rochester, New Hampshire, where Albany Engineered Composites and Safran Aerospace Composites are collocated. AEC occupies approximately 60% of the 353,000-square-foot plant and has a similar footprint at the sister LEAP facility in Commercy, France, which is expected to be completed in May 2014.

                on-time and very successful first full-engine test. In 2014, we will be simultaneously producing parts for an array of engine tests, completing the outfitting of the first modules of the two LEAP plants, and running initial full-rate production tests of those modules. One of the reasons for the excellent progress to date is a very close collaboration with Safran. The most visible manifestation of that collaboration is the unique nature of our two LEAP production plants: the plants are jointly occupied by Albany and Safran; Albany occupies 60 percent of each plant, where we weave and inject resin into the
application, we are at the same time actively engaged with our customers in exploring
a broad portfolio of additional potential airframe applications, including components for commercial aircraft wing, empennage, fuselage, and nacelle substructures, as well as components for Department of Defense rotorcraft and unmanned aerial vehicles. The revenue potential of these airframe applica- tions ranges from small (less than $5 million per year) to large (tens of millions of dollars per year), with potential for initial production revenue ranging from later this decade to well into the next decade. We expect several of these explorations to lead to jointly funded R&D projects this year.
To be clear, most of these potential applications are still in the early stages
of development. But given the rapid expansion of this airframe pipeline, along with the work we are doing with Safran on potential enhancements to LEAP, we continue to hold to our objective of $300 to $500 million in revenue by 2020. The specific challenge for 2014 is to move at least some of these projects closer to commercial commitments by customers, while at the same time, continuing to expand the portfolio of potential customers and applications.
In sum, as we look out toward the second half of the decade, we see a clear pathway toward the creation of shareholder value: hold Machine Clothing Adjusted EBITDA, execute the LEAP ramp, and advance the pipeline. This pathway to value-creation generation
will require a bit of patience, but as fellow shareholders, we have growing confidence that the upside will be worth the wait.
As always, I close this letter with sincere thanks to my 4,100 colleagues around the globe. Because of their commitment to the Company and to each other, they continue to propel Albany International forward.
Joseph G. Morone
President & Chief Executive Officer
 5
