                                1
5CEO
Letter to Shareholders
Joseph G. Morone
President & Chief Executive Officer
journey when we announced that we had signed an agreement to acquire Harris Corporation’s composite aerostructures division. Assuming the acquisition
is completed (which we expect to happen at the
end of the first quarter, and may already have
taken place by the time you read this letter), it will essentially double the growth potential of AEC this decade. And with the complementary additions brought by the acquisition, AEC will have greater strength across the board in composites technology, applications, and customers, which should create the potential for significantly more growth next decade.
If the combination of MC and AEC worked well for investors before this transaction, it should work
even better now. The steady performance of MC should continue to provide the cash needed to
 2
In my letter to you five years ago, I wrote that we had reached “a major branch point” in the strategic evolution of the company. The continuing strength of Machine Clothing (MC), coupled with greater clarity about the market potential for Albany Engineered Composites (AEC), convinced us to sell our other businesses, strengthen our balance sheet, and more sharply focus our “cash and grow” strategy on holding MC EBITDA steady for as long as possible, and growing AEC as rapidly as possible.
Since then, MC has indeed held steady—2015 Adjusted EBITDA was at roughly the same level as 2010; and AEC has indeed grown rapidly—from
$42 million in revenue in 2010 to $101 million in 2015, and tracking toward $250 million by the end of the decade, assuming no new contracts. Along the way, we have paid down debt, eliminated all but $28.5 million of our pension liability, continued to pay dividends, and invested aggressively in R&D and in capital equipment in our two businesses.
On February 29 of this year, almost five years to the day since I wrote that earlier letter, we crossed another major branch point in our “cash and grow”

                                maintain its global technology and talent leadership, while fueling the accelerating growth in AEC; and the accelerating growth in AEC should provide positive cash flow by later this decade, the scope and scale needed to compete for the long haul in the highly concentrated aerospace industry, and of course, a more balanced combination of “cash” and “grow.”
Cash...
2015 was an outstanding year for MC, despite significant headwinds in many of our key markets. The MC team had to contend with a sharp, permanent drop in the printing and writing grades in North America, a rapidly deteriorating Brazilian economy, reduced growth in China, and stronger- than-normal year-end slowdowns in the packaging grades in the U.S. Nevertheless, sales excluding currency held nearly flat, while Adjusted EBITDA improved by 9%.
Our strategy in 2015, as it was in previous years
and almost certainly will be in the years ahead, was to strive to offset the three sources of downward pressure on profitability in the machine clothing industry—the structural decline in the printing and writing grades of paper, inflationary cost increases, and pricing pressures due to overcapacity—through a combination of strong performance in the GNP- driven growth segments of tissue, packaging and pulp, incremental productivity improvements coupled with periodic restructuring, and development and delivery of superior products and services.
Each of these components worked well in 2015. Our strength in the growth grades almost entirely offset the worldwide declines in the digitally displaced printing and writing grades. The combination of restructuring, higher labor productivity, and procurement efficiencies more than offset the impact of labor inflation and accounted for roughly half of the 9% improvement in Adjusted EBITDA. (The rest of the improvement was due to the favorable impact of the strong
dollar on currency translation.) And our emphasis on technology and talent helped us offset persistent pricing pressures around the world and successfully complete negotiations to renew our contracts with
two of our largest customers, one in the U.S. and one in Europe.
Our outlook for MC, both near- and long-term, remains unchanged. We do not foresee a material change to either the underlying dynamics of the MC industry or our strategy. We expect to confront the same downward pressures that we confronted in 2015 with the same basic combination of focus on
net sales USD MILLIONS
   2013 2014
2015
709.9
(1) (2)
757.4 745.3
adjusted EBITDA USD MILLIONS
   2013 2014
2015
141.0
135.4 144.8
TOTAL debt (december 31) USD MILLIONS
   2013 2014 2015
304.5 272.8
265.7
Total debt includes notes and loans payable, current and long-term debt.
(1) 2015 Adjusted EBITDA includes $14 million charge for impairment of BR725 program.
(2) EBITDA from continuing operations, excluding restructuring charges, revaluation effects, pension settlement expense, gain on insurance recovery, gains from building sales, and pretax income attributable to noncontrolling interest; see item 7 of Form 10-K for disclosure of non-GAAP data.
3

                                4
the growth grades, productivity improvements and periodic restructuring, and investment in R&D, capital equipment, and talent. Notwithstanding
the 9% increase in Adjusted EBITDA in 2015, we continue to view MC as a business capable of generating steady year-over-year Adjusted EBITDA and cash flow, with annual Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $180 million to $195 million.
...and Grow
2015 was also a good year for AEC. Excluding currency effects, sales grew by 14%, driven by a combination of higher development and parts sales associated with the LEAP, GE9X, and Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) LiftFan® programs. AEC made excellent progress in preparation for the LEAP ramp, development of the GE9X fan case, operational performance on the key Rolls-Royce programs in our Texas operations, and across a broad spectrum of projects in R&D.
The most important part of the AEC story in 2015 was of course the continued march toward full-rate production of the LEAP engine. Our two LEAP plants (in Rochester, New Hampshire, and Commercy, France) performed well against the key metrics that we use to track production readiness— performance to schedule, manufacturing yield, and manufacturing cycle time. Construction of a third plant, in Querétaro, Mexico, will begin in 2016,
with initial production targeted for 2017.
As evidenced by the need for the third plant,
the market for LEAP continued to grow at an unprecedented rate. To date, orders for LEAP engines have totaled more than 10,000, and we
are now preparing to grow production from roughly 2,500 blades and 100 cases in 2015 to more than 40,000 blades and 2,000 fan cases a year by 2020.
If there was a disappointment in 2015, it was in AEC’s legacy operations, which accounted for
40% of AEC’s revenue and were responsible for
a significant drag on profitability, including the
$14 million charge for impairment of the BR725 program. In January of this year, we launched a plan to consolidate most of our legacy programs, which
are currently spread over two plants, into our facility in Boerne, Texas. At the same time, we are finalizing with Rolls-Royce a long-term supply agreement for production of composite parts for the JSF LiftFan. The expected growth from this program as demand begins to increase in 2017, coupled with the consolidation into Boerne, should drive significant improvements in margins by the second half of 2017.
Apart from this restructuring of legacy operations, AEC entered 2016 with an overwhelming focus on operational execution: LEAP continues to be the number one priority, as 2016 will be the final year of preparation for the ramp that begins late in the year. The JSF LiftFan and GE9X programs, which will also grow through the rest of the decade, are major targets of execution focus as well.
The acquisition will intensify this focus on operational execution. To the LEAP, JSF, and 9X ramps, the acquisition will add ramps in production of parts
for the Boeing 787, JSF, and Sikorsky CH-53K programs, along with the need to maintain
quality output and on-time deliveries in several legacy programs—most notably the vacuum waste tanks for most Boeing commercial aircraft and the composite bodies of a family of air-to-surface standoff missiles for Lockheed Martin. The rapid scale-up of production of the forward fuselage frames for the Boeing 787 begins in earnest in 2016; the Bull Noses, Blade Seals, Wing Skins, and Access Covers for the Joint Strike Fighter in 2017; and the tail rotor pylons, horizontal stabilizers, and sponsons for the Sikorsky CH-53K later in the decade.
There is always the possibility that the schedule for one or more of these programs might be delayed, for example, as a result of Department of Defense budget constraints. But these are high-profile programs on the critical paths of each of our customers. And so, while there is some risk of schedule slippage, we believe the primary risk facing the new AEC for the rest of the decade
will be in operational execution. As with LEAP, successful ramp-up of each program requires achieving high yields as early as possible, and then driving down the cost curve as rapidly as possible. Given the enhancements that will result

                                “AEC’s position in 3D woven composites on the engine, complemented by the
STRONG Position in 2D composites on the ” airframe that will result from the transaction,
offers the potential to create a power in the aerospace composites industry.
from the acquisition, we are confident that we As we look out to the rest of 2016 and the balance have the capabilities necessary to execute these of the decade, I hope you, our shareholders, see ramps, but the intensity of the required focus on what I see—an unusual but complementary pair of operational execution cannot be overstated. businesses, well-positioned for long-term success
Assuming a successful closing of the transaction (expected at the end of March or beginning of April), AEC will have a dramatically different growth profile than it did in 2015. It will be responsible for
a portfolio of programs with significant content on some of the most important aerospace growth platforms of the next decade—LEAP, GE9X, JSF, 787, CH-53K—for a cross section of some of the most prominent OEMs in the aerospace industry— Safran, GE, Rolls-Royce, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and (within Lockheed) Sikorsky. If we execute this series of ramp-ups as currently projected, the new AEC should grow to over $450 million by 2020.
If some of the more promising possibilities already in the pipelines come to fruition, that growth potential could approach $500 million by 2020. And as we gradually integrate our development capabilities, opportunities for additional growth next decade beyond what each business would have been capable of on its own should also begin to emerge.
AEC’s position in 3D woven composites on the engine, complemented by the strong position in 2D composites on the airframe that will result from the transaction, offers the potential to create a power in the aerospace composites industry. The new AEC won’t be the largest composites supplier in the industry, but it will arguably be the most ca- pable—as long as we execute on the programs in hand, and intelligently build on our complementary strengths.
in their respective markets. MC is focused on the right grades, with the right customers, with the right balance of capacity and with the best talent and technology in the industry. AEC is positioned on a broad portfolio of critical growth platforms, with a full array of composites technology, working with most of the aerospace industry’s leading OEMs. Success on both sides now depends on execution—on delivering a high-value combination of quality, performance, and price to our customers across the paper and aerospace industries.
Judging from our performance in 2015, and
the talent, commitment, and hard work of our employees, the shareholders of Albany International, including the many of us who work for the Company, have good reason to be optimistic
about the near- and long-term value that our
Cash and Grow strategy is capable of delivering.
Joseph G. Morone President & Chief Executive Officer
March 25, 2016
 5
