Letters to Our Shareholders
From Our Chairman...
Last year we told you that we would focus on profitable growth in 2005, and we were not disappointed. Our business grew in every important metric, notwithstanding outside threats that might have impeded our progress. As the year unfolded, we faced accelerating energy, raw material, and health care costs, customer strikes, poor economic business cycles in some markets, and a new wave of paper capacity restructuring in Europe. Despite these obstacles, we ended several years of right-sizing our business, transitioned into a period of growth, and delivered solid financial performance. Over these last five years, I have been especially proud of the efforts of Albany employees worldwide, who understood the need for change and moved the organization through the largest restructuring effort in our history. It was not an easy task, and I thank each of them for their commitment to the company through these difficult changes. As a result, our company today is stronger than ever before, poised for growth and already engaged in a new chapter under the direction of a very capable management team led by Joe Morone.

(Left) Frank R. Schmeler, Chairman of the Board and Joseph G. Morone, President and CEO

2

"Over these last five years, I have been especially proud of the efforts of Albany employees worldwide, who understood the need for change and moved the organization through the largest restructuring effort in our history." Every company faces challenges and strives to benefit from opportunities. The difference in results lies in the hands of the people. The strength of this company has always been centered on its employees, and I am proud of the work we have accomplished together. It has been my privilege to be associated with the employees of Albany International for these last 42 years. Together we have faced major challenges, overcome significant obstacles, and enjoyed the benefits of realized opportunities. As I leave involvement in day-to-day operations of the company, I am grateful to our employees, customers, and shareholders alike for the experience of a lifetime.

From Our President and CEO...
When Frank Schmeler was named CEO of Albany International in 2000, he set out to transform the company, and with it, the paper machine clothing (PMC) industry. By the end of 2005, the industry had consolidated from eight major independent suppliers to four, and Albany had restructured its operations in North America and Europe, introduced value pricing, and in most markets was earning a significant price premium. In the course of this transformation, the value of Albany International stock tripled, and the company generated $734 million in cash from operating activities, reduced its net debt from $499 million to $105 million, invested $220 million in plant and equipment, and purchased more than 2.8 million shares of the company's stock. Now, with Albany in the strongest financial condition of its 111-year history, we have embarked on a new strategic journey. Our vision is to transform Albany into a family of advanced textiles and materials businesses. Our objective is to grow both our core paper machine clothing business and our emerging businesses. And our strategy is to accelerate every aspect of company performance, innovate in every dimension of customer value, and invest for growth in every market in which we compete.

Frank R. Schmeler Chairman of the Board

3

Accelerate... Our emphasis on growth places a premium on timely decision making and clear lines of accountability and responsibility. Late in 2005, we dramatically simplified the structure of our core business, eliminating a layer of general management and reducing the number of profit centers and management teams from twelve to four. The PMC business is now organized into four primary profit centers: the Americas, Europe, Pacific, and Global Belting. Outside of PMC, each of our emerging businesses must pass a simple, three-sided test: Does it build on a source of long-term sustainable advantage? Does it draw on Albany's core capa-

and the best service. Is such total leadership a realistic objective? We think it is, and we believe the primary obstacles to its achievement are internal to the company and thus within our control. As we have described in previous annual reports, the pathway to sustained growth, even in slow-growth markets, begins with a focus on the value we deliver to our customers. In our core business, for example, the cost to our customers of our paper machine clothing is dwarfed by the benefits to them generated by that clothing-- by the impact on the productivity of their operations, on their energy consumption, and on the quality of their products. Our ability to grow this business "Our strategy is to accelerate every aspect hinges on of company performance, innovate in every our ability dimension of customer value, and invest for to grow growth in every market in which we compete." the value we deliver to our cusbilities? And does it have a tomers through continuous potential for growth that is improvement and innovation, to substantially greater than PMC's, demonstrate that growth to our and a potential for return on customers in concrete terms, capital that is at least as good and then to price our products as PMC's? If the answers are accordingly. We believe preciseaffirmative, the question then ly the same logic applies to our becomes, how can we most emerging businesses, from effectively accelerate growth Albany Engineered Composites in that business? to Albany Engineered Fabrics to Albany Door Systems. Innovate... In each of our businesses, our Invest for Growth... primary focus in 2006 is to improve Earlier this year, we announced and innovate continuously in the most ambitious capital every dimension of performance investment plan in our history. that affects customer value. In Over the next four years, we will both our core and emerging invest approximately $350 million, businesses, we are striving to of which $150 million will be offer the best products, fastest directed toward the construction to market, with the highest qualiof a new PMC facility in China ty and consistency, the shortest and the expansion of existing and most reliable delivery times, PMC capacity in Korea, Brazil, 4

and China. The logic of this investment in PMC is simple: The rapid growth of paper production and consumption in Latin America and Asia is shaping the future of this industry and, therefore, our longterm cash flow. We must be a force in these emerging markets. We must stay close to our customers, grow with them, and continue to provide them with distinctive value, which means that we must establish a largescale presence in these markets, with world-class operations. We are equally committed to the growth of our emerging businesses. Our recently announced acquisition of Texas Composite Inc. (TCI) is the first in what we hope will be a string of investments designed to accelerate growth in a family of businesses that, in essence, applies to industries outside of PMC the capabilities that we have developed within. TCI is a manufacturer of lightweight, high-strength composite structures used in the aerospace industries. It complements the unique technical strengths of Albany Techniweave, our existing composites business, and adds downstream manufacturing capabilities. While this is a small acquisition, in our view it represents a large step toward the development of a differentiated aerospace composites business that builds upon our unique advanced textiles capabilities and offers significant potential for long-term growth. We have renamed the combined businesses Albany Engineered Composites, and we continue

"The pathway to sustained growth, even in slow-growth markets, begins with a focus on the value we deliver to our customers."

to explore additional near-term steps to accelerate its development as well as that of our other emerging businesses.

Five years ago, under the leadership of Frank Schmeler, Albany International confronted the triple challenge of restructuring the industry, consolidating operations, and enhancing its financial strength. Our emphasis now is on growth, but only because of the determined, sometimes painful, and thoroughly successful efforts of Frank, his management team, and the wonderful employees of Albany International. We have entered a new era at Albany, but all of us understand and appreciate that we are building upon Frank's legacy. Because of the powerful balance sheet and market position established under his leadership, we enter this new era with a conviction that we can, and we will, simultaneously strengthen our market leadership in the short term, invest for growth in the long term, and continue to provide attractive returns to our shareholders.

Dr. Joseph G. Morone President and CEO

5

