In my letter to you last year, I wrote that ouracquisition of Harris Corporation’s aerospacecomposites business in Salt Lake City markedanother branch point in Albany’s “cash andgrow” journey, and that with the continuedfocus of Machine Clothing (MC) on the rightgrades and customers and the enhanced scaleof Albany Engineered Composites (AEC), theCompany was well positioned for 2016 andbeyond. One year later, I am happy to report that we remain firmly on track toward our cash-and-grow objectives, both near and long term.
CASHAs I have often discussed, our overarchingobjective in MC is to hold annual AdjustedEBITDA within a range of $180 million to$195 million. To do so over the long haul, wemust overcome three sources of downwardmarket pressure: digital displacement of theprinting and writing grades of paper; pricingpressures around the globe, particularly inEurope and Asia, due to structural overcapacity in the MC industry; and cost inflation in the face of limited pricing power due to the first two factors.
Our strategy for countering these3 long-term market pressures remainsunchanged:• focus on the stable and incrementallygrowing geographic markets and papergrades;• maintain investment in development ofsuperior technology and products;• continuously pursue incrementalimprovements in productivity, whileperiodically reducing capacity to maintainalignment with market demand.During 2016, most of these market conditionsand strategic responses were in full view.Sales declined 4% primarily because of thecontinuing erosion of the printing and writinggrades, compounded by sluggish economicconditions around the globe and continuingpressure on pricing. Despite the decline insales, we were able to hold Adjusted EBITDAat the upper end of our target range, thanksto a combination of strong new product andtechnology performance, particularly in thetissue, pulp and nonwoven grades; goodplant utilization through the year, even duringseasonal soft spots; and the cumulative impacton productivity of the 2015 restructuring andearly-retirement programs.

For 2017 and beyond, we expect to see asimilar interplay between these structuralmarket conditions and our strategic countermoves.Printing and writing grade sales willlikely continue to decline, pricing pressureswill likely continue to increase our costs. On theother hand, given our focus on the stable andincrementally growing grades, our productand technology advantage in those grades,additional productivity gains, and the prospectof some improvement in the global economy,we expect to once again in 2017 deliverAdjusted EBITDA well within our annual targetrange. After two years of performance at thehigh end of that $180 Million to $195 Million
range, we think it is prudent to expect someregression in 2017 back toward the center ofthe range. But more generally, our experiencein 2016 and early 2017 reinforces ourconviction that unless and until the globaleconomy falls into recession, our long-termview of this market remains accurate, ourlong-term strategy for competing in it remainssound, and our expectation of annualAdjusted EBITDA between $180 million and$195 million remains realistic.
GROWAEC came of age in 2016. Sales nearlydoubled to $200 million, and Adjusted EBITDAswung from a loss to $16 million. Althoughthe legacy AEC operations performedwell and grew by 30% in 2016, the additionOf our Salt Lake operation had significantimpact, generating $67 million in sales and$9 million of Adjusted EBITDA after the closeof the acquisition in April. Just as importantly,and as I discussed in last year’s letter, theacquisition gives AEC the scale and breadthaerospace composites, which is alreadybeginning to translate into new opportunitiesfor growth.
We made good progress in 2016 integratingSalt Lake into AEC; by early 2017, AECwas operating with a unified leadership team, one ERP system, and fully integratedbusiness-wide functional organizations ininformation technology and businessdevelopment. Apart from integration, theoverwhelming focus within AEC in 2016was on meeting customer expectations inthe key growth programs and across thefull business portfolio.

As I have often discussed, our objective for thenew AEC is to grow to at least $450 million inrevenue and to 18% to 20% Adjusted EBITDAmargins by 2020. Our ability to achieve if notsurpass this objective is overwhelmingly amatter of execution. While the near-term marketfor some segments of the aerospace industryhas softened (most notably business jets,business-related rotorcraft, and wide-bodyaircraft), each of our key growth programs areon aerospace platforms enjoying strong marketdemand. Realizing our 2020 objectives willnot therefore require winning new business orovercoming adverse market conditions. Whatit will require is operational execution – maintainingour positions on existing programs bymeeting customer expectations, while steadilyimproving margins, through the classic processof continuously improving safety, quality,delivery, and cost.AEC made excellent progress on operationalexecution in 2016, particularly in the programsthat started to ramp in 2016, most notably thefan blades and cases for LEAP, componentsfor the LiftFan® and airframe of the F-35 JointStrike Fighter (JSF), and fuselage frames forthe Boeing 787. These ramps will acceleratein 2017 and again in 2018, and as they do,so will the intensity of the requirement tocontinuously improve safety, quality, deliveryand cost. Success here is within our control.As we remind ourselves on a daily basis,“It’s all about SQDC -- safety, quality, deliveryand cost.”At the same time that AEC is focused onexecution on its existing programs, itcontinues to lay the groundwork for thenext wave of growth through acceleratingThrough efforts in R&D and new business development.

‘‘In our quarterly earnings calls during 2016,I described this as a three-front process:pursuit of incremental new business onexisting aerospace platforms, developmentof opportunities on potentially new aerospaceplatforms, and probes into new marketsoutside of aerospace. In 2016, weexperienced progress on all three-fronts:a new business win announced in Q3with the potential for up to $20 million ofannual sales by 2020, the potential fora new “Middle of Market"' aircraft that Boeingis openly discussing, and our continuedprobe into the automotive industry.So 2016 was another good year for Albany.As we turn to 2017 and the balance of thedecade, my primary message to you, our shareholders, is that we are firmly on track toward our near- and long-term objectives.And barring unexpected downturns in theglobal economy, staying on track is mostlywithin our control. In both businesses, itis all about execution . . .which means itis all about our people, my 4,400 colleaguesaround the world, many of who are themselvesshareholders, and all of whom I am proudto represent.	
Joseph G. Morone	


	
March 29, 2017	

