Letter to Our Shareholders
 2
Chairman & CEO
Frank R. Schmeler believes in teamwork, the importance of communicating Company goals, and empower- ing people to change the way we do business. In 2001, the power of fresh thinking and new approaches by Albany employees resulted in significant improvements
in costs and efficiencies.
At the close of 2000, I promised shareholders that we would do our best to manage business fundamen- tals by focusing on those areas within our direct control. That is exactly what we did in 2001. Our employees met last year’s challenges with a lot of hard work and enthusiasm, and they succeeded. I am pleased to report that they delivered solid results and made significant improvements in key areas of our business, from strengthening relationships with our customers to improving shareholder returns. Today we are a stronger Albany International, looking to the future and moving forward.
Our 2001 Expectations
In the fall of 2000, we introduced five strategic initiatives to focus on business fundamentals: Revenue Enhancement, Capital Management, Cost Reductions and Process Improvements, Information Systems Implementation, and R&D Project Management, which includes new product introductions. At the same time, we developed plans to achieve an aggressive pay down of the debt we incurred to acquire Geschmay during the third quarter of 1999.
We believed, and still do, that these initiatives make good business sense, regardless of economic conditions, because they provide a foundation for improving returns to our shareholders.
 
 2001 Accomplishments
Financial Results
In a weak economic environment, and with a 1.9 percent decline in sales, we met or exceeded several important goals.
Operating income before restructuring rose 2.3 percent for the year, reaching the highest level as a percentage of net sales for a fourth quarter since 1996.
Adjusted free cash flow grew
to $147.5 million, or $4.75 per share, compared to $3.06 and $2.08 in 2000 and 1999, respectively. Our success in generating cash flow permitted substantial debt reduction for the year.
In 2001, debt declined $198.2 million, which included the effect of the sale on favorable terms of a portion of trade accounts receivable and the prepayment in full of term debt that was due in August 2004. Importantly, our leverage ratio declined from 2.68 at December 31, 2000, to below 2.0 by year-end.
I am very pleased with the efforts by our team to achieve these results.
Top-Line Growth through Revenue Enhancement
Over the last several years, price erosion created an environment
in which customers and suppliers viewed pricing very differently. Where appropriate, our customers are willing to compensate us fairly for products that provide value. Working closely with our global cus- tomers, we began the process of
defining the economic value deliv- ered by Albany products. During the year, new product introductions with proven economic benefits for our customers further strengthened our ability to implement value pricing. As a result, we realized value price improvements in major markets in 2001.
Capital Management
Aggressive measures to reduce inventories and accounts
receivable con-
tinued during
2001 and
produced out-
standing results.
Our paper industry cus-
tomers faced erratic
demand during the year,
resulting in lower
operating rates and both
permanent and temporary shut- downs, which historically would have increased our inventory. However, by working with our cus- tomers, we were able to match their operating needs more effectively to our manufacturing output. Inventory and accounts receivable levels that resulted in returns below our cost of capital were the focus of discussions with our customers. As a result,
we reduced inventory during the year by 19.7 percent, or $42.8 million.
by 13.4 percent, or $31.6 million, excluding the effect of the sale of trade accounts receivable.
Cost Reductions and Process Improvements
The $50 million cost reduction program completed in December 2000 improved operations and had a positive impact on 2001 results. However, we aren’t finished. We know we need to do more in the
areas of cost reduction and process improvements.
 Aggressive measures
to reduce inventories and accounts receivable continued during 2001 and produced out- standing results.
We were also successful in
reducing accounts receivable. By
year-end, we decreased receivables 3
In July 2001, we announced a new
$25 million cost reduction
initiative that we expect to complete by
December 2002. After a thorough evaluation of all our
businesses, we began to reduce manufacturing capacity in Mexico and the United States during the fourth quarter and announced our intention to make further changes in Europe. These steps, driven in part by the continued consolidation in the global paper industry, are intended to better match our capacity to our customers’ needs, while providing the most efficient operating base possible—a strategic necessity for the long-term health of the Company.
Continual process improvement has been a part of our culture since the early1980s when we adopted the Total Quality Assurance (TQA) principles of Dr. W. Edwards Deming.
 
During 2001, more than 200 local teams used TQA principles to improve administrative and manufacturing processes. Additionally, multifunc- tional global teams identified and implemented best practices. Their success created measurable value for the Company.
Information Systems Implementation
Our Information Systems (IS) team made good progress in 2001. A new IS management structure streamlined the implementation of a “knowledge network,” in which employees share information that can facilitate manufacturing efficiencies, product standardization, and marketing activities.
Our employees now have expand- ed access to tools that improve pro- ductivity by enabling them to do their jobs more effectively and efficiently.
R&D Project Management Improvements Leading to New Product Development
In 2001, we focused our research activities in the areas of highest value for our customers and returns to our shareholders and accelerated the pace of new product development.
Two of our latest technologies— Dynatex® and Seam Dynatex® press fabrics—have the potential to impact our worldwide business significantly. Combining the global success of patented Albany technologies around seaming and multiaxial constructions,
4
these new products offer multiple performance and operating benefits for the customer. Our sales and marketing teams are focused on increasing the economic value we deliver to our customers.
Moving Forward: 2002 and Beyond
When I became Chairman and CEO, our management team commit- ted to an expanded vision for Albany International: to become a leading Advanced Materials and Structural Technology company, supplying innovative products and
solutions to global
customers in paper manu-
facturing and other process industries. This
vision builds on
the Company’s
strengths and
competencies,
satisfies the needs
of a changing
customer base,
and reflects new
thinking and strategic
shifts in our focus.
Moving forward, fore-
most among my concerns is
the need to improve share-
holder returns. To accomplish this objective, I assembled a committed management team. The fresh view of those new to the Company has been blended with the in-depth knowledge of our experienced senior team. This spirited, unified group
is dedicated to improving returns
to our shareholders and driving the Company to achieve its full potential.
Next Steps
With uncertainty for the indus- tries we serve continuing into 2002, we will focus on areas within our direct control. Global economic conditions and the strong dollar will continue to affect our primary mar- kets during the first half of the year. Without evidence of improvement, we will assume continued economic weakness and run our business accordingly. We are well positioned to take advantage of improved economic conditions whenever they occur.
Our primary focus in 2002 will continue to be the intro-
duction of new products and process improvements
 Moving forward, foremost among my concerns is the need to improve shareholder returns.
for our customers, cost control, and most
importantly, debt reduction. We believe that the
less debt we have, the stronger we become to finance future growth. In all of these activi-
ties, our highest priority remains improving returns to our shareholders.
At Albany International, we have a long history of innovative technology that provides our cus- tomers with products of outstanding value. In 2002, we will continue to demonstrate technological leadership with new product introductions.
   
   Menands, New York, employees (left to right) Mike Moroskey, Janina Wiercioch, and Bob Bashford demonstrate fabric finishing targets to Chairman and CEO Frank Schmeler.
 By working with our customers to understand the issues they face,
we focus our development efforts on maximizing customer benefits.
Beyond 2002
Moving for- ward, we will
have opportuni-
ties wherever
customers look
to improve their
processes and
profitability to
remain competi-
tive. Through
strategic align-
ment with our
customers, we
will concentrate
our products
and process
development
efforts to help achieve their goals and create growth for our shareholders.
We also look for growth oppor- tunities in emerging markets, such as Asia and Latin America. For example, in the Asia-Pacific Region, where we are uniquely positioned, we expect further growth as Asian paper manu- facturers install new capacity to satisfy local demand.
As a result of the recent global- ization of the brands and capacity in Albany Door Systems, the business is well positioned to generate greater internal efficiency and to provide improved service to our customers.
We believe several Applied Technology businesses, which have
evolved from our core competencies, also have potential for strong growth. It is our stated plan to expand this segment of our business.
to demonstrate what Albany International can accomplish. The Company is moving forward with a solid foundation of achievements
in 200l and with committed employees focused on continuing to improve.
Regardless of the timing
of eventual eco- nomic recovery, we will continue improving all aspects of our business that we can control. Importantly, when global markets recover,
we expect Albany International will be very well positioned.
We thank our employees for their contributions to the Company's accomplishments and our share- holders and customers for their continued support.
Frank R. Schmeler Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 After analyzing our businesses, we’ve shut down and sold some operations that were unable to develop sound plans to generate attractive returns in a reasonable period of time. It remains essential to continue to evaluate our activities.
Expectations
The economic uncertainties of 2002 will bring new challenges, and we are prepared to meet them suc- cessfully. Our restructuring activities have transformed the Company, made us stronger, and created new opportunities.
Last year, we did what we
said we would do, and that is just the beginning. We have only started
5
  