To Our Shareholders
6

every day we strive to answer the question, "how can we continue to grow shareholder value over the long term?" we believe the key to continued disciplined growth is working diligently to uncover opportunities, staying focused to cultivate those opportunities, and ensuring that we have the right tools to harvest them when the time is right.
2006: Patience. Persistence. Performance. By almost any measure, 2006 was a vintage year for Assurant. We continued to execute on our diversified, specialty strategy and, to the benefit of our shareholders, achieved considerable growth in numerous target areas. Net operating income increased 17% to $602.7 million, up from $513.3 million the prior year. Earnings per share grew 25% to $4.68 per diluted share, up from $3.75 per diluted share. Net earned premiums rose to $6.8 billion in 2006, a 5% increase over $6.5 billion in 2005. Also, our operating return on equity (ROE) reached 16.7%, retaining Assurant's position in the top ROE quartile of the industry. We advanced our leadership position in several key growth markets. Most notably, in Assurant Specialty Property, we completed the successful acquisition of Safeco Financial Institution Solutions (Safeco FIS ) -- a perfect strategic fit for us. We look for acquisitions that will help us grow and strengthen our specialty businesses. We seek opportunities that will allow us to leverage our core capabilities, which will enhance our market position. Through the acquisition of Safeco FIS, we added 4 million loans to our loan tracking database, bringing the total number of loans to approximately 28 million. The acquisition further cements Assurant's leading position in the creditor-placed insurance market. In 2006, Assurant continued to return capital to shareholders. We increased our dividend per share by 25% and repurchased $422 million in shares. We further enhanced our financial disclosure and continued to build on our solid financial strength. At year-end, Assurant had $450 million of excess capital and a low debt to capital ratio of 21%. These results reflect how we are applying our risk management expertise to execute our very prudent capital management philosophy.

financial highlights
U.S. dollars in millions

7

Total Revenue

Net Earned Premiums

$8,071

2006

Net Investment Income Net Operating Income Shareholders' Equity 2
1

6,844

$7,498

2005

% Change

3,745

603

737

6,521

3,480

513

687

5 17

8 7

8

1 - Assurant uses net operating income (a non-GAAP financial measure) as an important measure of the company's operating performance. Net operating income equals net income excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and other unusual and/or infrequent items. Net realized gains were $72.7 million and $7.4 million, net of income tax, in 2006 and 2005, respectively. Other unusual and/or infrequent items in 2006 include income of $40.5 million, net of income tax, related to a legal settlement in the Assurant Solutions segment. Other unusual and/or infrequent items in 2005 include a $40.3 million charge for the 1995 ­1997 excess of loss reinsurance program and $1.0 million of expenses directly related to our secondary public offering, both net of income tax. 2 - Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).

Although we are proud of our success to date, we recognize that achieving long-term growth is an ongoing pursuit that requires investment, patience and persistence. We are confident that we have the right tools, people and expertise in place to achieve our goals. Our track record shows that we can. Our mission is to be the premier provider of specialized insurance products and related services in selected international markets. Our specialty insurance products address untapped markets with unmet needs, and we have a history of identifying, serving and growing those markets. We will continue to expand our product offerings and our operations in areas where we can establish a leadership position. By doing so, we will achieve our financial goal of delivering top quartile returns to our shareholders. Driven by Assurant's entrepreneurial spirit, we will continue to steadfastly pursue our goals -- strategically, financially and operationally--within and across our business units. Like a Vineyard: Skillfully Applying Expertise to Grow Many Varietals Much like a vintner who grows different grapes to produce great wines, Assurant cultivates a diverse portfolio of businesses to deliver results. This approach offers many advantages. Each business is attuned to its own market forces and is accountable for its financial performance. Trends that might influence short-term results in one business are uncorrelated with trends in others. This strategic diversification reduces overall volatility. It also allows us

8

operating earnings per share
Our focus on top-line growth and leveraging operational efficiencies yielded significant gains for Assurant in 2006.

to do the right things for each business to ensure long-term profitability for our shareholders. At the same time, our businesses share a strategy of focusing on specialty markets, supported by a unique blend of core capabilities: proven risk management expertise; long-standing distribution relationships with market leaders; and the ability to integrate complex technologies and administrative systems that pave the way for the success of our customers, intermediaries and shareholders. These capabilities are leveraged across the Assurant enterprise to ensure that best practices are applied efficiently and costeffectively as they are tailored to meet specific market needs. A closer look at our individual businesses will demonstrate how we executed on our strategy in 2006. Assurant Specialty Property Assurant Specialty Property had a very productive year, delivering $241.1 million in net operating income in 2006 and demonstrating year-overyear growth of 68%. The top-line growth and solid profits were derived in large measure from a 70% increase in net earned premiums in the creditorplaced homeowners insurance and voluntary insurance products, combined with a benign hurricane season with catastrophe losses markedly lower than in 2005. For the year, Assurant Specialty Property enjoyed a healthy combined ratio of 76.5%. The acquisition of Safeco FIS combined with strong organic growth to bolster our leading position in the marketplace. We maintained our broad geographic spread of risk; we were able to retain customers and the professionals that serve them; we continued to leverage our competitive advantages in scale, efficiency and systems integration to meet the needs of our clients.

Looking to the future, we are pursuing opportunities in the United States where economic trends continue to propel our business prospects. We are also looking to apply our successful model in adjacent, emerging markets such as creditor-placed auto insurance and renters insurance. Assurant Solutions Assurant Solutions enjoyed another year of overall strong results in 2006, contributing $158.4 million in net operating income --an increase of 19% year over year. Extended service contracts continued to lift top-line growth worldwide, producing 12% growth in gross written premiums in the domestic market and 38% growth in international markets. In the same way, gross written premiums for international credit increased 5% during 2006. We also announced an extension of our exclusive partnership with Service Corporation International (SCI) to further improve our preneed sales. Progress was made toward our long-term ROE goals of 14 ­16% for Assurant Solutions. ROE was 10.1% in 2006, up from 8.4% the prior year. Targeted international expansion is a key growth driver for Assurant Solutions. For example, over the last two years we have initiated operations in Germany, Italy and Spain. These markets were carefully selected because they offer a fertile long-term growth opportunity for Assurant. Market trends indicate that personal spending, the use of credit cards, and revolving credit loans are on the rise, which will allow us to continue to develop and expand within the international credit and extended service contract markets. By leveraging our core domestic platform, we are able to enter these markets in a cost-effective manner with proven product solutions that can meet the needs of the customers within these markets. These countries join our growing list of established and emerging enterprises in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Ireland, Mexico, Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom.

9

b o o k va l u e p e r s h a r e 1
Our commitment to increasing shareholder value over the long term is unwavering and results driven.

1 - Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), 2003 Pro Forma.

10

Assurant Health Assurant Health delivered strong ROE performance of 37.5% in 2006, up from 37.1% in 2005. We are focused on the individual medical market. Individual medical membership increased during the second half of 2006, propelled by a 16% year over year increase in new business sales. Overall, individual medical net earned premium was up 4%. Assurant Health harvested $167.9 million in profits in 2006, down slightly from 2005. A modest regression in net earned premiums was attributable to declines in small group premiums offset by the focus on growing our individual medical business. Assurant Health maintained a favorable combined ratio of 91.4%. Advantage AgentTM is an example of how our disciplined risk management expertise and customer-focused culture is identifying unmet needs and delivering innovative, practical solutions, which resulted in individual medical sales increases in 2006. This proprietary process enables Assurant to turn around underwriting decisions for our agents in a matter of days--compared to the industry standard process, which can take several weeks. By listening to our agents and brokers, developing new solutions and responding to their needs faster, Assurant Health is well positioned to build on the traction we are gaining in the individual medical marketplace. Assurant Employee Benefits Assurant Employee Benefits improved ROE performance in 2006, earning 13.6%. These results were up from 11.2% ROE in 2005 and moved the business closer to our target ROE of 14 ­16%. The business continued its focus on the small employer market (<500 lives), realigning resources and reshaping our offering to meet those unmet customer needs. Net earned premiums decreased slightly to $1.2 billion from $1.3 billion, primarily as a result of lower sales and lower persistency of larger, less profitable business. Net operating income was up 22% to $83.6 million from $68.4 million in 2005. These results were driven primarily by a very favorable loss experience, most notably in group disability. Assurant Employee Benefits also posted quarter-over-quarter sales increases in the targeted small employer market. Another promising development is the dental network access agreement signed with Aetna in late 2006. Consistent with our overall strategy of partnering with market leaders, working with Aetna greatly expands the dentists available in our network and improves our geographic reach.

net operating income1
U.S. dollars in millions Our bottom line reflects Assurant's ongoing efforts to increase profitability and improve ROEs through our continued disciplined growth.
1 - Net operating income excluding gains/(losses) and non-recurring items.

11

Looking Forward: A Taste of What's Ahead I firmly believe we are taking the proper steps to assure long-term, profitable growth. We have a strong financial track record. We have demonstrated considerable growth in earnings per share, book value per share, ROE and profits year over year. We have several profitable opportunities to pursue moving forward. We enjoy leadership positions in specialty insurance and are well positioned to leverage our core capabilities in the markets we choose to enter. As stewards of the company, we have demonstrated effective capital and resource management in continuing to build value for our shareholders. We have established processes to develop our next generation of leaders and to engage employees across the organization, as they are at the core of the value we create. Patience. Persistence. Performance. Like nurturing a fine wine, we are committed to applying our expertise to develop products that will increase value and deliver exceptional results you can savor over the long term. Sincerely,

Robert B. Pollock President and Chief Executive Officer

