03

to our shareholders:
Being "Invested at every level" is not just a phrase, it's a way of life at Assurant. In 2009, the economic environment again tested the mettle of our operations and our organization. Despite the challenges, our businesses, our strategy, our specialty expertise and our employees continued to demonstrate strength, resiliency
Robert B. Pollock, President and CEO, Assurant

WHAT WE DID AND WHAT WE'RE DOING

An investor recently said to me, "Sure, I'd like to know what and how you did last year, but what interests me the most is what are you doing now to ensure Assurant will continue to succeed for the long term?" It is a very fair question --and it also happens to be the same one we ask ourselves as we seek to continually develop each of our businesses while retaining their unique, specialty and leadership positions in the marketplace. Let's start with how we did in 2009. Assurant's net earned premiums were $7.6 billion and our operating return on equity1 was 10.1 percent. Our net operating income was $464.9 million, or $3.92 per diluted share, while our book value per diluted share (excluding AOCI)2 increased 9 percent to $40.47. Our corporate capital at year-end 2009 of over $700 million demonstrated the ability of our businesses to generate free cash flows. We analyzed our corporate risk profile and determined that about $450 million of this capital is available for deployment through stockholder dividends, share repurchases and/or prudent acquisitions.

and enduring value.

04

SOUND INVESTMENTS AND MORE EFFICIENT OPERATIONS

Our investment holdings were a source of strength and stability for Assurant in 2009. We maintained a low-risk, well-diversified portfolio that provided steady returns while avoiding riskier asset classes. In 2009, improvements in the credit markets and the lower interest rate environment helped our portfolio valuation. Our investment strategy focuses on risk-adjusted yields. It has allowed us to avoid some of the asset classes that have suffered a loss in value during the downturn. As conditions warrant, we will continue to look for opportunities to improve the risk/reward profile of our portfolio. Many believe the global financial crisis was caused by a lack of risk oversight. At Assurant, we are leveraging skills company wide in Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) to preserve our fundamental financial strength in the future. Doing so led to our decision to hold a capital buffer to protect the company if the credit markets "lock up" once again. We embrace a collaborative approach to ERM that utilizes the company's deep reservoir of risk management expertise. It's easy to be risk-averse in these challenging times, but we know that assuming risk is central to the value we offer our customers. Our ERM program promotes a risk-aware culture, so that decisions are made with a full understanding of risk/reward trade-offs. We apply uniform metrics across the organization to measure financial and operating risks, and our wealth of experience data helps us continuously improve our decision-making ability.

Improving efficiency was a common focus for all Assurant businesses in 2009. We challenged our businesses to cut back on expenses and once again our employees' ingenuity came through. By consolidating operations, using technology in lieu of travel, and centralizing some common functions, we were able to reduce expenses without diminishing service to our customers. In 2010, we will continue to pursue opportunities to improve performance across our company.
2009 RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS

Each of our businesses felt the economic headwinds of 2009. But by staying focused on executing our specialty strategy, we were able to better anticipate client needs, adapt our services, reshape our offerings and advance our ability to meet evolving customer expectations. We believe that these actions position us well for the long term.

05

25%
ASSURANT SPECIALTY PROPERTY

2009 Segment Revenue $7.89B (1)

37%
ASSURANT SOLUTIONS

24%
ASSURANT HEALTH

14%
ASSURANT EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
(1)Segment revenue includes net earned premiums and fees and other income.

06

ASSURANT SOLUTIONS

ASSURANT SPECIALTY PROPERTY

Assurant Solutions made solid strides in 2009, posting net operating income of $120.1 million-- an increase of 7 percent over the prior year -- on net earned premiums of $2.67 billion. In spite of a challenging economy worldwide, Assurant Solutions is well-positioned to improve profits in 2010. Both sales in our preneed business and earned revenues in our extended service contract business improved for the year. Domestically, financial results improved and we added new clients and grew business with existing partnerships. At the same time, we executed on our strategy to expand partnerships with original equipment manufacturers which started with our acquisition of the GE Warranty Management Group in 2008. Our wireless strategy continues to proceed as we fully integrate Signal Holdings LLC into our operations. Internationally, with the exception of the unfavorable experience in the UK, profitability and revenue have been growing, and we have increased market share in several countries. International is a country-by-country business, and a good example of where we are succeeding is Brazil where we are generating double-digit revenue growth. Canada continues to be a great market for us, and we were pleased to add the Royal Bank of Canada as a new credit insurance client.

The outstanding performance at Assurant Specialty Property continued in 2009. Net operating income was $406 million and net earned premiums were $1.95 billion. A benign hurricane season helped our results. We worked hard to manage expenses while also responding to an increased demand for services from our customers in the rapidly changing mortgage market. We maintained our leading market position in loans tracked by securing new customers and key renewals during the year to further strengthen our business. We are strategically expanding other logical product adjacencies, such as renters insurance and flood insurance. One way we continue to improve our service is through technology investments such as in our SmartFlowTM automated workflow system. We're adapting these proprietary systems for more uses, including loss draft applications, to make processing more efficient for all of our customers. Investments such as these are important as we continue to increase our unique competitive advantages and fortify the leadership position of Assurant Specialty Property.

07

ASSURANT HEALTH

ASSURANT EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

In the midst of an exceptionally challenging environment, Assurant Health concentrated on improving its business, enhancing product offerings and staying attuned to customer needs for accessible and affordable insurance for individuals and small groups. Net earned premiums were $1.88 billion, down 4 percent compared to 2008 results. Increases in health care utilization and costs adversely affected operating income and loss experience throughout the year, resulting in an operating loss for the year. Despite the near-term challenges, there are reasons to be optimistic about the future. We have invested resources to better understand the needs of our customers, and that investment is paying off. Our best selling product in 2009 was Assurant Affordable Health Access . This
SM

For Assurant Employee Benefits, net earned premiums were $1.05 billion in 2009, a 5 percent decrease year-over-year as the economic slowdown impacted small employers severely. However, our focus remains on the small employer market where we continue to develop products, services and capabilities that enhance our long-term competitive position in this niche market. Two new client agreements at our Disability RMS subsidiary and the acquisition of a book of business from Shenandoah Life augmented our capabilities and expanded our reach at a time when near-term organic growth is challenging. We extended our shared dental network relationship with Aetna in 2009. That relationship, along with our own DHA network, offers our customers access to one of the nation's largest dental networks. We're also investing in voluntary (employee-paid) benefits where sales were up 20 percent in 2009. We introduced four new products to help fill unmet needs in today's marketplace, including accident, cancer, critical illness and gap insurance. By offering a wider range of products today than ever before--from fully employer-paid to voluntary insurance --we are living up to our brand promise of serving customers, "On your terms."

product was designed specifically for individuals who were previously uninsured. Our marketing campaigns directed at potential health insurance buyers spurred a 46 percent increase in direct sales. And we are creating new ways to enhance the clarity and convenience of health care for our customers. For example, we entered into an agreement to provide preventive H1N1 inoculations at more than 7,000 Walgreens locations throughout the country. In 2009, we also secured a distribution agreement with USAA for our full-line of individual medical products, creating another distribution channel for our products with a market leader.

08

INVESTING FOR TOMORROW, EVERYDAY

We have a winning strategy at Assurant and a history of success, even in volatile markets. We are skilled at handling change -- anticipating it, managing it and reacting to it. Perhaps most importantly, we're not afraid to take action and do what it takes to achieve sustained success over the long term. That means making the right investments --in people and products, processes and technology -- today and every day. For all of our constituents, shareholders, customers, employees and the communities in which we operate, you can be certain that at Assurant we are invested...at every level.
THANKS TO OUR EXCEPTIONAL EMPLOYEES

For all of our constituents, shareholders, customers, employees and the communities in which we operate, you can be certain that at Assurant we are invested...at every level.

The employees of Assurant --15,000 strong -- bring our strategy to life! I appreciate their ongoing collective spirit, commitment and professionalism in anticipating and addressing our challenges and opportunities. With so many bright and dedicated people investing so much to advance the success of Assurant, we are optimistic about the future.

Sincerely,

Robert B. Pollock | President and Chief Executive Officer

