A Message to Our Shareholders
Assurant’s net earned premiums, fees and other income were $8.3 billion in 2013, an 8.2 percent increase from the previous year. Net operating income(1) was $466.5 million, also a year-over-year improvement. Operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)(2) was 10.6 percent. Our book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI(3), was up 10.4 percent – marking our third consecutive year of double-digit growth.
    “In 2013, our Assurant team strengthened our core businesses and adapted our specialty offerings to meet changing consumer needs. During the year, we completed several strategic acquisitions and prudently managed shareholders’ capital. Consistently, we focused our actions on long-term, profitable growth and upheld our commitment to help customers protect what matters most to them.
We returned approximately $470 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. We again increased our dividend, just as we have each year since our initial public offering in 2004. We did so while also committing $360 million to strategic transactions that broaden our footprint and expand our array of specialty services.
Our investments to support profitable growth continue to focus on areas that are aligned with five broad marketplace trends:
• Greater reliance on mobile devices in every aspect of life;
• Shifting consumer interest in rental versus ownership of property,
especially in the United States;
• Desire for affordable and accessible health care coverage that can be customized to meet individual needs;
• Need for choice in the benefits that employees can elect from their small-to-midsize employer; and
• More middle-class consumers in Latin American countries.
Our actions in 2013 reinforced the strategic importance of these macro-trends for Assurant. Looking ahead, we will allocate more of our resources to the targeted areas with the greatest potential for ongoing profitable growth.
Robert B. Pollock
President and CEO Assurant
2013 ASSURANT ANNUAL REPORT > 1
“

Our legacy of adapting to meet emerging opportunities inspires us to encourage innovation and try fresh approaches in the global marketplace. By doing so, we are able to support consumers and clients affected by significant changes in the housing, financial services and health insurance sectors. In 2013, for example, the first open enrollment period
2013 RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS
Assurant Solutions
of the Affordable Care Act had a dramatic impact for consumers as well as on the healthcare industry. Similarly, as the U.S. housing market continued to rebound, new guidelines and processes reshaped many aspects of the mortgage servicing industry. The agility of our business model to adapt to change is an enduring strength of Assurant.
 Throughout 2013, Assurant Solutions focused on improving efficiency while meeting the evolving needs of consumers. Net operating income was up slightly from the previous year. Resources were shifted from non-growth areas to support growth opportunities in mobile, as well as expand our footprint in Latin America.
TheacquisitionofLifestyleServicesGroupin2013is expected to transform Assurant Solutions’ European business to a mobile platform we can build upon. A strategic investment in Iké Asistencia launched a partnershiptocross-sellcomplementaryproductsand assistance services in several Latin American countries and will expand revenue streams in the future.
Net earned premiums, fees and other income improved year-over-year, primarily driven by increases in service and vehicle contracts business in the U.S. as well as Latin America. Fee income increased 27.5 percent, largely due to mobile programs launched in 2013. At year-end 2013,
Assurant Specialty Property
Assurant Solutions’ global protection programs supported more than 15 million mobile devices. New and expanded relationships launched last year – including a partnership with T-Mobile – will generate higher revenue going forward as we administer protection programs to help customers.
Expense management actions already taken, along with ongoing plans, are expected to produce up to $25 million in annual pre-tax savings by year-end 2014. Combined with growth, especially in mobile and Latin America, we expect Assurant Solutions’ earnings to improve during the second half of 2014 and longer term.
 In 2013, net operating income increased at Assurant Specialty Property, largely reflecting the absence of hurricane activity during the year. Lender-placed insurance net earned premiums benefited from an increase in loans serviced by our clients.
During the year, we continued the rollout of a new lender-placed insurance product that is now available in 44 states. The product helps our clients adapt to the changing market and provides the flexibility to support new industry regulations enacted last year.
As the mortgage industry continues to evolve, we believe lender-placed insurance will remain a strong specialty business. We expect premiums and returns to decline, however, as the housing market continues to stabilize.
2 < 2013 ASSURANT ANNUAL REPORT

To diversify revenue and produce attractive returns in Assurant Specialty Property, we also focused on growth in both multi-family housing and property preservation services. During the past five years, we have increased multi-family housing revenues by an average of 31 percent per year, reaching $190 million in 2013. By adding new clients and further expanding our service offerings, we believe we can continue to grow this business at a double-digit pace. Our acquisition of Field Asset Services broadened our role in the mortgage value chain as we expanded our property preservation offering. By providing inspections and repairs we are able to help our clients maintain the value of homes in their portfolios.
Along with ongoing multi-year actions to maintain operational excellence, we will continue to diversify our product mix and revenue streams to deliver attractive long-term returns at Assurant Specialty Property.
Assurant Health
During 2013, Assurant Health demonstrated agility and responded quickly to meet consumer needs. By deferring participation on the public exchanges in the first year of the Affordable Care Act, we were able to focus our resources on helping customers and agents understand how the changes could affect them. We believe this was the right decision. Through our broad distribution channels, we offered customers a diverse set of major medical, supplemental and affordable access products. The first open enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act prompted significant activity. By demonstrating agility, we achieved the highest sales in the company’s history during the fourth quarter.
During a year of landmark change, revenues were down slightly as consumers transitioned their coverage to meet new standards under healthcare reform. Additional expense actions during the year and an elevated tax rate decreased net operating income in 2013. Disciplined attention to expense management continues at Assurant Health.
Adapting our individual medical coverage model to meet emerging needs and opportunities is a hallmark of Assurant Health. We believe consumers will continue to look for more affordable alternatives to major medical coverage longer term and we are prepared to respond with a broad set of products.
While profits are expected to be modest for Assurant Health in the year ahead, we believe shareholders will realize more attractive returns after health care reform changes are fully implemented in 2015 and beyond.
  $589 million of 2013 Net Operating Income by Segment
21.2% Assurant Solutions
71.9% Assurant Specialty Property
1.0% Assurant Health
5.9% Assurant Employee Benefits
Note: Excludes Corporate and other, net realized gains on investments, amortization of deferred gains on disposal of businesses and interest expense.
               2013 ASSURANT ANNUAL REPORT > 3

 $8.3 billion of 2013 Net Earned Premiums,Fees and Other by Segment
38.2% Assurant Solutions
30.1% Assurant Specialty Property
19.3% Assurant Health
12.4% Assurant Employee Benefits
Note: Includes net earned premiums and fees and other income of operating segments; excludes net investment income.
              4 < 2013 ASSURANT ANNUAL REPORT
Assurant Employee Benefits
In 2013, Assurant Employee Benefits remained focused on growing a suite of voluntary products and services for small-to-midsize employers. Net operating income was down for the year due to less favorable disability results, including a lower discount rate on new long-term disability claims. Additional restructuring charges and technology investments also contributed to lower results for the year. While net earned premiums and fees decreased slightly due to declines in employer-funded programs, voluntary premiums grew seven percent and voluntary sales accounted for almost half of annual sales.
Critical steps were taken during the year to realign resources, enhance customer service and sharpen the focus on voluntary sales opportunities. Key differentiators in our business that we believe will support growth include a broad voluntary product suite, an extensive dental network, easy enrollment for consumers and simpler administration for employers.
Assurant Employee Benefits also elected not to participate on the public exchanges in 2014. Going forward, we will participate in a growing number of private exchanges, leading with our suite of voluntary products. We also will adapt Assurant Dental to fit consumer needs under the Affordable Care Act.
Job growth and capital market conditions in the U.S. continue to affect Assurant Employee Benefits. Improving results requires ongoing expense management and focus on the voluntary market for small-to-midsize businesses. These efforts will help Assurant Employee Benefits provide attractive returns longer term.
OUR PURPOSE, OUR VALUES
Within each of our businesses and for the Assurant enterprise as a whole, we are pleased with our progress in 2013. As consumer needs evolve and market forces change, we are committed to adapt, strengthen and grow Assurant for the long-term.
Each day we strive to help protect what matters most for our customers, serve the diverse needs of our clients and deliver value for our shareholders. As we do so, we are proud of the dedication of our 16,600 employees in 13 countries around the globe. In so many ways, they uphold the values that make Assurant a special place to work: Common Sense; Common Decency; Uncommon Thinking; and Uncommon Results.
I am proud of our collective progress and energized by what is ahead. Thanks for sharing in our journey and for your investment in Assurant.
Sincerely,
Robert B. Pollock
President and Chief Executive Officer
  