    A Message to Our Shareholders
During 2015 we accelerated the transformation of Assurant and made significant progress to ensure we achieve sustainable long-term, profitable growth.
 Alan B. Colberg
President and CEO Assurant
Our vision for the future is clear as we aspire to be a leading provider of housing and lifestyle risk management solutions with a proven record of outperformance.
Our strategy starts with our customers and the actions we take each day to help them protect what matters most. Our employees bring these commitments to life and make certain Assurant is the best place to learn and work. We believe this steadfast focus will produce top-quartile total shareholder returns, which we delivered in 2015 when measured against the S&P 500.
2015 RESULTS: EXECUTING OUR STRATEGY
Assurant’s net earned premiums, fees and other income, excluding Assurant Health runoff operations, totaled $7.4 billion, a four percent decrease from 2014. We generated $1.3 billion of fee income as we expanded our mobile programs and our mortgage solutions business.
Net operating income(1) was $454.4 million. Annual operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and Assurant Health runoff operations(2) was 11.3 percent.
In 2015, we focused our portfolio on market-leading products and services in the housing and lifestyle sectors and began to put in place the go-forward organizational framework that will support profitable growth. We took decisive action to begin exiting the health insurance market and announced the sale of our employee benefits business, which closed on March 1, 2016. We did not believe these businesses could generate the specialty returns we require and shareholders expect going forward. We then began to realign talent to move to an integrated enterprise operating model that is more agile and cost efficient.
All of these steps are critical in our multi-year transformation to build a stronger Assurant for the future.
In 2015, we also continued to generate strong cash flows – driven by our Assurant Specialty Property and Assurant Solutions segments, which provided approximately $600 million dollars of dividends to the holding company, or almost 120 percent of their combined earnings. This allowed us to invest in our housing and lifestyle offerings, capitalize the wind down of Assurant Health and still return $380 million dollars to shareholders. For full-year 2015, dividends to shareholders totaled $94.2 million and Assurant repurchased approximately 4.2 million shares of common stock for $284.6 million. We ended the year with $460 million of corporate capital.
 2015 Assurant Annual Report | 1

A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  HOUSING & LIFESTYLE SPECIALTY PROTECTION
We are focused on two key markets – housing and lifestyle specialty protection. We see great opportunities to provide specialty protection for where people live and the goods they buy. Today, about 40 percent of our revenues are from the housing market, with the balance of revenues coming from our lifestyle offerings.
HOUSING
In the housing market, we are taking many actions to grow our leadership position. We already work with nine of the top 10 mortgage originators. In 2015, we monitored more than 33 million mortgages nationwide and processed close to 100 million transactions. We also made significant progress transforming our lender-placed platform as that business normalizes. These efforts will help us maintain strong customer service levels and our leadership position while we also generate savings in 2016 and beyond.
We are leveraging our deep industry expertise and capabilities to increase revenue and profitability in areas we have targeted for growth. Revenue from
LIFESTYLE
Three global business lines are focused on lifestyle specialty protection – Connected Living, Vehicle Protection and Pre-funded funeral insurance. We align with global market leaders in multiple distribution channels as we work with large distributors, mobile carriers as well as online retailers. In 2015, we integrated our global business lines and moved away from operating separately in each country we serve. Now we take a global view to deploy resources in support of the best opportunities worldwide.
In 2015, we continued to strengthen our competitive position in the mobile industry where we now protect more than 29 million devices worldwide. Our logistics and repair facilities in the United States processed more than 8 million mobile devices that help people stay connected.
our Multi-family Housing business increased 22 percent in 2015 and accounted for $280 million dollars of premiums and fees. We increased our share of wallet with affinity partners and added several new national property manager relationships.
Similarly, our Mortgage Solutions business captured share and generated nearly $290 million of fee income for the year. Currently, we provide valuation or property preservation services to seven of the top 10 servicers and many of the top mortgage originators. We believe there are significant opportunities to cross-sell additional offerings and grow with existing and new clients.
We also provide protection products and services in North and South America for 10 million vehicles. We offer protection against mechanical breakdown or failure and to safeguard against unexpected and costly repairs once manufacturer warranties expire. In 2015, we passed the $1 billion mark in vehicle protection gross written premiums and delivered record profitability.
With two million contracts in force, our Pre-funded funeral coverage offers peace of mind. Our long-term partnership with Service Corporation International aligns us with a market leader and offers a strong base as demographic trends for future growth indicate broader interest among baby boomers.
 2 | 2015 Assurant Annual Report

 LOOKING AHEAD
As we transform Assurant we will sustain our core set of capabilities, including: integrated solutions; deep consumer insights; management of complex administrative and delivery networks; compliance expertise; and, seamless customer experiences.
Building on our progress in 2015, we expect to complete our portfolio realignment and establish our new organizational framework in 2016. We are taking additional steps to position the company for profitable growth in 2017 and beyond.
BUILDING A STRONGER ASSURANT
The proceeds from the sale of Assurant Employee Benefits, dividends from Assurant Health and cash flow from our ongoing businesses will provide significant financial flexibility. With this capital, we intend to return a total $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of 2017 while also funding meaningful investments to build our global housing and lifestyle offerings.
I want to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment to our strategic transformation. In a short period of time, we have made significant progress. While there is more work to do, we are proud of what we have accomplished and confident in our future.
We see great opportunities ahead as we build an even stronger Assurant for the future.
Alan B. Colberg
President & CEO Assurant
A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Global Reach
Assurant operates in the United States as well as select worldwide markets, including but not limited to: Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Spain and the United Kingdom.
2015 Assurant Annual Report | 3
