To Our Shareholders
As we review our second year as a U.S. public company, we are pleased to report strong growth in net operating income, up 49% to $513 million or $3.75 per diluted share in 2005; a 54% increase in earnings per share; and an operating ROE that at 15.1% is among the leaders in the insurance industry. Each of our specialty insurance businesses delivered increased year-over-year earnings, led by Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property, which reported a 91% increase in net operating income over 2004. These results were accomplished in spite of another major hurricane season during which five hurricanes caused gross catastrophic losses almost three times greater than those of 2004, yet cost us half as much in 2005--$49 million--in part because our risk management program allowed for 86% recovery of costs.
In short, we had a successful 2005 in which we grew our profits and substantially increased shareholder value. These accomplishments continue to prove the success of our diversified specialty insurance strategy, the guiding discipline that gives our growth story its distinctive "twist." Nevertheless, there is work to do. Ensuring long-term profitable growth means growth on the top line as well as on the bottom line, and in this report, we focus on how we are evolving our specialty strategy to achieve both kinds of growth for our enterprise.

Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property
Assurant Solutions targeted growth opportunities by separating into two distinct businesses, Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property, both with increased ability to grow in their respective markets. Our strategic discipline: For Assurant Solutions, invest in international expansion in countries where increased use of consumer credit creates growth potential for our credit products, extended service contracts and successful integrated service model. For Assurant Specialty Property, continue to apply highly disciplined risk management and invest in adapting our leading creditor-placed model and proprietary systems to gain entry to adjacent market segments. Our actions to ensure profitable growth have shown strong results in our Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property businesses, which together reported a 91% increase in net operating income to $241 million in 2005. Assurant Solutions achieved strong top-line growth, as gross premiums grew 17% in domestic extended service contracts, 239% in international extended service contracts, and 9% in international credit insurance. Assurant Specialty Property increased net earned premiums and gross written premiums by 12%, to $859 million and $1.4 billion respectively--despite a reduction of $26 million in net earned premiums resulting from additional reinsurance related to the hurricane season. The decision to separate Assurant Solutions into two businesses was the logical evolution of our specialty strategy, as we recognized that increased focus and innovation in the two distinctive markets would open broader paths to growth.

2005: Ensuring Long-Term Profitable Growth
In 2005, we acted to ensure our long-term growth by focusing on specific products with the most potential in each of our specialty insurance businesses, and already we are seeing results. The products that we focus on are those where we can best leverage the strength of our core capabilities--managing risk, developing relationships with large distribution partners, and integrating complex administrative systems--to respond to our known and emerging customer needs. The actions we take reflect our diversified specialty strategy, which focuses our efforts on product areas where we can achieve a leading position. Often, this discipline requires an up-front investment in systems, skills, research and product development to create a proprietary advantage in our targeted markets--and we have been successful in doing this. Sometimes, achieving profitable growth requires pruning or redirecting our efforts--and we have been disciplined about that, as well.
2 Annual Report 2005

At Assurant Solutions, we are pursuing our disciplined international expansion strategy and leveraging our core domestic business platform in credit insurance and extended service contracts. Rising consumer spending and an increasing use of credit cards and revolving credit loans in Europe and Latin America are creating a need for protection from debt risk, and we have products that address these problems. Adding to our already successful operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Argentina, Brazil, Denmark, Ireland and Puerto Rico, we expanded our business into Mexico and Germany, and have plans underway for Italy and Spain in the next two years. In addition to our geographic expansion initiative, we are building upon the success of our unique "integrated" service model--which combines administrative, underwriting and marketing services--with product innovations that we offer in collaboration with retailers. What is more, we are constantly looking for ways to add the next link in the value chain for our retail partners. In 2005, we developed a private label Virus Protection Package for a major retailer--adding our extended service contract to anti-virus software to deliver a "total solution" for the consumer. The convergence of our unique business platform with the continuing increase in international consumerism places Assurant Solutions in an advantageous position for continued strong growth. Assurant Specialty Property's ability to report top-line growth in 2005 despite a calamitous hurricane season speaks eloquently to the risk management expertise of our leading creditor-placed homeowners insurance, collateral protection and related outsourcing services business. Our actions to secure third- and fourth-event reinsurance in September 2005 enabled us to achieve an 86% reinsurance recovery, even though the severity and frequency of the storms in 2005 were even greater than in the 2004 season. Excluding catastrophe losses, Assurant Specialty Property had very favorable combined ratios for the year, primarily a result of operational changes to adjust claims with our own field staff. We also benefited from solid top-line growth and from $19 million in reimbursements for providing processing and adjudication services to the National Flood Insurance Program.

Our top-line growth reflects increases in our net earned premiums, fueled by growth from within our existing client base and by the addition of several new clients. We are also exploring new growth opportunities by developing products that utilize the proprietary SmartFlowTM systems technology with which we track 23 million mortgage loans for our creditor-placed homeowners insurance clients. In 2005, we also launched a product for automobile loans, a story described on page 13 of this report. Leveraging SmartFlow's scanning and "rules processor" systems is a key growth strategy for Assurant Specialty Property. It is also an enterprise growth discipline as we investigate ways to tap these rich proprietary systems for new opportunities in all of our businesses.

Assurant Preneed
Assurant Preneed focused on growth by realigning as a product line of Assurant Solutions and by pruning back unprofitable distribution channels. The strategic discipline: invest in profitable distribution partnerships for Preneed and leverage Assurant Solutions' expertise in managing key distributor relationships. 2005 was a year during which Assurant Preneed--our funeral pre-funding and preplanning business segment--took actions to sharpen its focus on profitable growth. We sold our U.S. independent funeral home franchise, and realigned our business under Assurant Solutions. As part of the realignment, we will pursue growth opportunities by leveraging

Revenues
6,187

6,532

7,076

7,410

7,498

'01

'02

(Dollars in Millions)

'03

'04

'05

Annual Report 2005 3

Segments' Net Operating Income1
333 264 352 381

523

'01

'02

(Dollars in Millions)

'03

'04

'05

profitable group business and maintain stringent risk management practices. Assurant Health, our leading individual medical insurance business, achieved strong growth in net operating income, up 12% to $178 million for the year. This increase was primarily the result of the lowest ever annual combined ratio, which at 90.8% was even better than our excellent 92.4% combined ratio in 2004. While net earned premiums decreased 3% to $2.2 billion for the year, this is attributable to a reduction in small group premiums and membership--a result of our disciplined focus on writing only profitable business in that market. In our core business of individual medical products, we had a modest increase of premiums as increased premiums per member more than offset a slight decline in membership. Assurant Health is building on an already strong position in consumer-directed healthcare products. A longtime advocate of consumer choice, Assurant Health is taking action to develop new and more affordable healthcare insurance options. Having benefited from strong sales among early adopters of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), we have focused on new growth opportunities in the population of 45 million uninsured Americans. In 2004, we launched a highly innovative product, specifically designed to reach an underserved market segment that we identified through intensive consumer research. RightStartSM, described in more detail on page 19 of this report, delivers meaningful benefits at an attractively low price point that is bringing a younger, previously uninsured demographic into the health insurance market. RightStart has been very successful for us, already accounting for close to 30% of our sales. And since 60% of these policyholders report that they were previously uninsured, it is clear that the product is bringing new entrants to the insurance market by meeting their unique customer demands. Also notable in 2005 were our significant investments in new technologies and new marketing initiatives. Our technology development is aimed at making it easier for agents to do business with us by speeding up the policy issuance process, a process that leverages our exceptional depth of expertise in risk profiles and management. Our new marketing

1 Net operating income after tax excluding corporate and other. Assurant uses net operating income as an important measure of the company's operating performance. Net operating income equals net income, before the after-tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments and the aftertax effect of other unusual and/or infrequent items. The company believes net operating income provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the company's ongoing business, because it excludes both the effect of realized gains (losses) on investments that tend to be highly variable from period to period, and those events that are unusual and/or unlikely to recur.

Assurant Solutions' expertise in developing and managing our relationship with Service Corporation International (SCI). In the U.S., Assurant's preneed products will be sold exclusively through SCI, the largest chain of funeral homes in America. In Canada, preneed products will be sold through SCI as well as through independent funeral homes. Assurant Preneed reported net operating income of $35 million in 2005, up 2% due to strong investment income, including increases in invested assets and income from a real estate partnership, gains offset by expenses related to the sale of the independent sales franchise. Net earned premiums declined 11% to $466 million for the year, primarily as a result of the sale of our domestic independent funeral home franchise. We are pleased to report an 18% increase in sales in Canada, where we will continue to expand operations as part of our strategic growth plan. Through international expansion and through our exclusive distribution partnership with SCI in our new alignment with Assurant Solutions, we have positioned our preneed business for growth.

Assurant Health
Assurant Health has targeted growth opportunities in individual medical products, including consumer directed healthcare products. The strategic discipline: invest in further broadening our distribution channels; leverage our focused risk management skills to target profitable business and improve policy issue rates; identify new market segments in the large uninsured population. Prune back on less
4 Annual Report 2005

13%

efforts include direct-to-consumer advertising to extend our distribution to consumers who prefer to work directly with the insurer. Through all of these actions, we are working to ensure long-term profitable growth.

34%

46%

Assurant Employee Benefits
Assurant Employee Benefits has targeted growth opportunities in smaller employers and in voluntary (employee-paid) benefits. The strategic discipline: invest in retooling our products, systems and skills for sharper focus on the unique needs of the smaller employer; invest in uncovering underpenetrated markets where our core capabilities enable us to provide valuable products while managing risk. Prune back on larger, less profitable accounts, and on sales relationships and systems geared to those accounts alone. Specializing in quality group disability, life and dental insurance and voluntary products, Assurant Employee Benefits reported an increase of 10% in net operating income in 2005 to $68 million, largely as a result of favorable loss experience. The year's financial results clearly reflect the increased emphasis on smaller employers and the fact that it has been a time of transition in terms of both our employer size mix and our sales force. Revenues were flat at $1.3 billion, as larger, less profitable cases terminated along with some agent relationships geared to large cases. At the same time, improved overall profitability reflects the better loss ratios of small accounts. Assurant Employee Benefits has been disciplined in aligning all operations to better serve the more profitable smaller cases. From investing in Internet functionality that delivers the enhanced online administration preferred by smaller employers, to retooling the disability portfolio with the innovative Voluntary Disability Spectrum and rebuilding the sales force with training and compensation oriented to smaller cases, to seeking new distribution partners, Assurant Employee Benefits has made the upfront investment to gain an advantage in this business. Given the trend to greater employment growth in small businesses, and given that the high cost of healthcare continues to grow the market for voluntary products for small businesses, Assurant Employee

7%

Year Ending December 31, 2005 Segments' Net Operating Income1
Assurant Health Assurant Preneed

Assurant Solutions and Specialty Property $241 MM $ 35 MM Assurant Employee Benefits $178 MM $ 68 MM

1 Segment income after tax excluding corporate and other. Assurant uses net operating income as an important measure of the company's operating performance. Net operating income equals net income, before the after-tax effect of net realized gains (losses) on investments and the aftertax effect of other unusual and/or infrequent items. The company believes net operating income provides investors with a valuable measure of the performance of the company's ongoing business, because it excludes both the effect of realized gains (losses) on investments that tend to be highly variable from period to period, and those events that are unusual and/or unlikely to recur.

Benefits is well positioned for growth. We now have a strong and focused sales force in place, and are optimistic about the future. It is worth noting that the same kind of innovation in Long-Term Disability (LTD) that produced the pioneering use of psychographic and demographic data in our unique WillReturn® claims management operation was also utilized in our 2005 launch of the Voluntary Serious Disability benefit. This revolutionary product, which uses a patent-pending Impairment Rating model developed by the American Medical Association to define disability, is described in more detail on page 16 of this report. Our Disciplined Capital Management Strategy Assurant's strong financial position is evident in our solid balance sheet, with a debt-to-capital ratio of 22%, excellent liquidity, $400 million in excess capital at the parent company, and an increase in book value per share. Our capital management strategy is disciplined and focused, and our priorities remain the same: to invest in our existing businesses and to make prudent and opportunistic acquisitions. If remaining capital is available, we return value to our shareholders through share buybacks and/or dividends. This past November, in recognition of our strong
Annual Report 2005 5

balance sheet, our Board of Directors authorized a new $400 million share repurchase program. From the beginning of our repurchasing program in August 2004 through December 2005, we have purchased a total of 11.8 million shares for $404 million. We also gave money back to our shareholders by increasing our quarterly dividend payments by 14% in June 2005. We are optimistic about our future prospects of growth through acquisitions, targeting in the $100-300 million range, as we pursue the highly selective evaluation process requisite to our specialty strategy.

Our Disciplined Succession Planning
Going forward, we expect to achieve a seamless transition of leadership and continuity of strategic focus, and our confidence is an acknowledgement of the company's disciplined leadership development and succession planning programs. Assurant understands the importance of building depth of management, and the consistent investment that we have made in succession planning is paying dividends to our shareholders. Last June, we announced organizational changes to enhance operational effectiveness: making three senior management appointments, and appointing two CEOs for the two business units formed from Assurant Solutions. We

are very proud of the fact that all of these appointments are tenured executives whose broad view of our business is built on experience at a variety of functional levels of our operations. Our strong management bench enhances our organization's ability to adapt advantageously to changing conditions in our markets. Now, as we expand our operations into international markets, our leadership model and training programs are ensuring the transfer of knowledge, values and culture that unify our enterprise...increasing our organizational capacity to stretch, grow and sustain the level of excellence integral to our success. To our shareholders, we offer our thanks for your support during the past year. We are proud to share our accomplishments with you, and look ahead to our promising future. Sincerely,

Robert B. Pollock President and Chief Executive Officer

J. Kerry Clayton Vice Chairman of the Board Former President and Chief Executive Officer

A Note From Kerry Clayton
With consistent growth in net operating income, attractive increases in shareholder value and a strong balance sheet, Assurant enters 2006 well positioned for a bright future. This is truly a threshold for our company as we drive forward to capitalize on our targeted opportunities for growth and international expansion. That is why I believe it is important that the team leading this growth effort be in position from the start of the year. For this reason--and because of my personal wish to retire after passing the milestones of my 60th birthday and 35th anniversary at Assurant--I have decided that now is the right time to retire and turn Assurant's leadership over to Robert B. Pollock, who has been serving as president and chief operating officer.

Effective March 17, 2006, Rob Pollock was named president and chief executive officer. Rob is an accomplished executive and a highly respected leader who has been with Assurant for 25 years. He is fully committed to upholding Assurant's values and has earned the trust of our employees, board members and shareholders alike. I can think of no one more capable of leading Assurant and building upon our success. As I end my tenure as CEO, I want to thank the people who deserve the credit for all of our accomplishments: the 12,000 talented employees whose efforts, skills, intelligence and creativity are critical to our success. It has been a privilege to work with you over the years, and extremely rewarding to share with you our transition to becoming a public company. In my role as vice chairman of the board of directors through 2006, and, as a shareholder, I look forward to seeing your accomplishments under Rob's leadership.

6 Annual Report 2005

