                  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
CONNECT ... CONNECTED ... CONNECTING
TO DRIVE SUSTAINED OUTPERFORMANCE
The phrase “connecting the dots” dates back more than a century and a half, but it’s never been more relevant than today.
In its simplest form, it’s defined as the action of drawing lines between dots to connect items of information that reveal something previously unknown. How that relates to our business at Assurant in 2018 is how we have continued to connect those dots — those important elements — that have enabled us to better serve our clients and end-consumers, provide greater opportunities for our employees and, ultimately, deliver sustained outperformance for shareholders.
Our financial performance for the year was strong, as we delivered on the commitments we made to our shareholders and continued our journey
to build a stronger Assurant for the future.
We delivered net operating income growth of 25 percent, excluding reportable catastrophes1 — which was at the high end of our expectations for the year. This was driven primarily by a lower effective U.S.
tax rate, our acquisition of The Warranty Group (TWG) and
organic growth.
We generated solid cash flow with a total of $727 million of dividends to the holding company4. As a result, we issued 3 million fewer shares for our TWG acquisition, and also returned $266 million to our shareholders through buybacks and common stock dividends, as we continue to view our stock as attractively priced.
Our operating earnings per diluted share, excluding reportable catastrophes2, grew 16 percent — at a lower rate than net operating income given the 10 million share issuance related to our acquisition of TWG. And, in November, we increased our common stock dividend by 7 percent — proudly representing our fifteenth consecutive increase since going public in 2004.
ALAN COLBERG PRESIDENT AND CEO
   1

                 2
Assurant, Inc.
Even more importantly, in 2018, we took steps to continue to strengthen our portfolio to sustain outperformance and deliver profitable growth long-term. For example, our leading franchises within Connected Living, Global Automotive and Multifamily Housing were further bolstered by broadening our distribution, expanding client partnerships and differentiating our offerings for consumers. We did this all while also managing lender-placed declines and supporting many policyholders in the aftermath of significant catastrophes.
And, through it all, we have never lost our connection to who we are as an organization, ensuring that we preserve the best aspects of our culture. And we continue strengthening our connection to our local communities where we live and work through the efforts of our employees and financial contribu- tions from the Assurant Foundation.
CONNECTING ... WITH OUR CLIENTS AND END-CONSUMERS
We are a B2B2C company and we consider ourselves fortunate that our clients continue to trust us with their most precious asset ... their customers. That trust requires us to continuously evolve to meet consumer needs. By understanding the changing landscape and seeking out changing consumer attitudes and insights, we are best able to decipher how we need to change and develop the products and services we provide. We have continued to leverage these insights to evolve our offerings
to meet the needs of ever-connected consumers.
Most recently, we conducted the second in a series of consumer research entitled Connected Now, which examines consumer attitudes relative to living a “connected” lifestyle. We’re continuing to see the desire for products and services that further a connected lifestyle, including mobile devices, connected cars and connected homes.
Ensuring we remain deeply connected with the needs of
our clients and end-consumers, investors, communities and employees has enabled us to capitalize on growth opportunities and deliver on our financial commitments for the year.
CONNECTING ... TWO GREAT COMPANIES
In 2018, we completed our $2.5 billion acquisition of The Warranty Group—the largest in our history as a public company. By acquiring TWG, we have not only connected two great companies, but we have also created something new: a global leader in the vehicle protection market, now keeping 48 million motor vehicles running smoothly across the world. The acquisition has boosted our status as a premier global lifestyle provider, further strengthening our opportunities not only
to grow, but also to diversify our profit streams.
And, because of the expanse of TWG, we have broadened our global footprint in 21 countries, bringing new connections for us in key international growth markets across the world. This acquisition already has helped us advance our global lifestyle growth strategy of helping consumers protect all of their major purchases from vehicles to appliances, mobile devices and other electronics. The coming together of these two great companies is not only helping us realize significant operating synergies, but is also already generating more diversified and predictable earnings.
CONNECTING ... TO WHAT DRIVES OUR FUTURE
Beyond our acquisition of TWG, in 2018 we maintained an emphasis on innovation to drive and support future growth. This included efforts to deepen both operational capabilities in areas such as digital self-service, artificial intelligence and data analytics to drive efficiency and enhance the customer experience, as well as product capabilities around the Connected Device, the Connected Car and the Connected Home.
Additionally, in 2019, we have continued to invest in early stage technology-enabled companies that provide another avenue for access to external innovation. Through our venture capital initiative, Assurant Growth Investing, we have been able to make equity investments in venture and growth-stage companies that are strategically relevant to Assurant. Companies usually comple- ment Assurant in some way, such as providing access to new distribution channels like vacation rental property managers, new geographies such as India, new capabilities like artificial intelligence or new products like our Connected Car platform.
CONNECTING ... OUR STRUCTURE TO OUR SUCCESS
Our people are our most important asset. As we continue to evolve our business to meet and deliver against macro and consumer trends, we also need to continually evolve our organiza- tional model and structure. As we have done before in our transformative journey, this year we again made changes to evolve our organizational structure. The senior management changes we made and the evolution of our operating structure were designed to enable our company to facilitate even greater collaboration across our lines of business. We also believe these changes will enable us to better leverage the expanse of our global footprint while, at the same time, harnessing technology to drive efficiencies and to deliver
an enhanced customer experience.
To better accelerate decision-making across our most critical businesses and to underscore the importance of our global growth strategy, I added three experienced leaders to our Management Committee.

                 COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES
See Get there ADAPT
      FURTHER
FIRST as you go
We consolidated our original five global business units into three to facilitate greater collaboration across our lines of business as well as to further leverage our global scale and expertise. We also made changes that transform our operations that will continue to drive greater efficiencies and economies of scale—all while striving to further our delivery of a great customer experience. And we made other changes to our organization to accelerate the transformation of our IT infrastruc- ture to ensure technology continues to be a strategic enabler.
CONNECTING ... OUR CULTURE TO OUR BUSINESS
We thrive because of the strength of our culture. Our core purpose — to protect what matters most — together with our values of common decency, common sense, uncommon thinking and uncommon results all form the underpinnings of our culture. These are not simply the reasons we’re a great place to work—they are the reasons we come to work every day. They form the attitudes and attributes that influence how we treat customers and one another. Our culture is inextricably linked to our business.
A focus on our culture took on even greater significance this year, as we acquired TWG. Statistics show that one of the greatest reasons mergers and acquisitions fail to meet expectations is “culture clash.” We worked and will continue to work intently to integrate our businesses together. In fact, one of the reasons we felt so strongly about our acquisition of TWG was because we believed their culture so closely paralleled ours — not only was it a natural business fit, but also a culture match.
CONNECTING ... OUR COMMUNITIES TO OUR BUSINESS
What continues to be important to our success each year— and, in fact, every day — is our participation, contribution and dedication to the communities in which we live and work and those where we serve our customers. We again experienced
a year that brought devastation in the form of hurricanes and wildfires, rocking the lives of people across the U.S.
Our employees were, as always, on the front lines, responding to and supporting those in need.
I am so proud of the rapid and compassionate response of our people. We handled a significant number of claims, responded with respect and delivered relief.
As we look to the rest of this year and beyond, we’re laser- focused on sustaining outperformance as we continue to lead and innovate in the connected market. And, without question, we believe we can sustain our growth — faster than the market.
While some may suggest that there was one singular event that defined the year for Assurant, I can honestly say it was (and continues to be) the collective impact from each of the individual actions, efforts and performances of our more than 14,000 employees around the world. Our employees come to work every day to connect with the market, their partners, investors and one another to deliver for our customers, our shareholders and for communities across the world. They’re connecting the dots that define our sustained outperformance at Assurant.
Alan Colberg President and CEO
 2018 Annual Report 3
