Dear ShareholDerS,
The company made significant progress this year toward achieving its 2010 and longer- term goals. We are pleased with GenCorp’s operational and financial performance and optimistic about our future. Our strong core operating results reflect the effectiveness of the initiatives we have implemented to drive sales, margin expansion, cash and net debt reduction.
In 2010, sales grew year-over-year by 7.9% to $857.9 million, and were driven by growth in our aerospace and defense business. Additionally, our funded backlog remained strong at $804.4 million as of November 30, 2010.
We also improved our core operating margin this year. Adjusted EBITDAP for 2010 increased to $110.7 million, or 12.9% of net sales, compared to $96.4 million, or 12.1% of net sales, for 2009.
In 2010, the company generated $148.1 million of cash from operating activities compared to $50.3 million in 2009. This significant improvement in cash from operations was driven by our focus on managing working capital and on various cost- saving initiatives.
Furthermore, we made significant progress in reducing our debt obligations and improving our capital structure flexibility. As of November 30, 2010, the company had $188.5 million in net debt, compared to $312.3 million as of November 30, 2009. We improved our capital structure flexibility by amending our senior credit facility, resulting in fewer restrictive covenants and allowing us to repurchase our debt instruments in the open market. As a result of our improved liquidity, we received a rating upgrade from Standards & Poor’s in February 2011.
We ended the year with a contract backlog of
$1,377.3 million, an increase of $186.5 million over
2009. Awards totaled $850.1 million and were
comprised of both exciting new wins in addition
to follow-on extensions to programs currently in
production. These new wins reflect the spirit of
innovation and creativity that form the foundation
of our mission-enabling solutions. Aerojet’s
airbreathing propulsion technology was selected by both Boeing and Raytheon for the DARPA / USAF Triple Threat Terminator (T3) program. We were awarded a contract to produce BLU-129B composite bomb cases for the USAF, and were selected to provide the reaction control system for Europe’s VEGA launcher. The contract extensions to our existing programs demonstrate the continuing strength of our portfolio going forward.
The improved financial and operating performance we achieved in 2010, along with the decrease in net debt and amended senior credit facility, positions us to meet today’s challenging economic environment and will enable us to continue our efforts to deliver shareholder value in the coming years.
 These new wins reflect the spirit
of innovation and creativity that form the foundation of our mission- enabling solutions.
 
aerojet – DemonStrating Deliver, Drive anD Create
We established a new operating model in 2010 that allowed the company to organize
our product portfolio around customer-facing business areas that are focused on Space and Launch Systems; Tactical Systems; Missile Defense Systems; Force Protection and Projection Systems; and Ordnance. We identified the operational processes, tools and techniques that we will use to enhance our ability to meet our commitments to Deliver quality products on time and within specified costs. We analyzed all elements of our operating costs and developed plans and targets to Drive the improvements necessary
to increase our affordability and overall competitive posture. Our teams also brought forward the key technology and business development initiatives requiring discretionary investments to enable the enterprise to Create value through product expansion and diversification. We enter 2011 prepared to build upon the foundation established last year by efforts to implement these Deliver, Drive, Create business imperatives.
SuCCeSSeS
In 2010, our team continued to build upon the many decades of contributions to the nation’s security as evidenced by a number of significant milestones achieved across our product lines, including the delivery of the 15,000th Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS) motor, the 1000th Patriot Advanced Capability (PAC-3) solid rocket motor, and the 1500th Joint Stand Off Weapon (JSOW) warhead.
In addition to these milestones on our well-established production programs, we also experienced a number of accomplishments on programs in the early stages of their
life cycle. This includes our partnership with NASA and Orbital Sciences Corporation (Orbital) which culminated in three successful hot-fire tests conducted this year on our AJ26 engine for the Taurus II® program. These critically important tests are leading the way to further flight engine integration work and additional testing in 2011. The AJ26 engine will support the Taurus II medium launch vehicle in support of the Commercial Resupply Systems (CRS) to the International Space Station (ISS).
We enter 2011 prepared to build upon the foundation established last year by efforts to implement these Deliver, Drive, Create business imperatives.
The Aerojet Hall Thruster Propulsion System (HTPS) successfully initiated operations on the Air Force’s Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHP) Space vehicle #1 (SV #1). In addition, our space products continue to support the U.S. military, NASA and other government launches with 100 percent mission success.
 2010 saw continued progress in the development of our Throttling Attitude and Divert Control System (TDACS) on the Missile Defense Agency’s (MDA) and Navy’s Standard Missile-3 (SM-3) program. Our efforts continue to further the program’s capabilities and demonstrate readiness for flight. SM-3 Block 1B is being developed as part of MDA’s and Navy’s sea-based Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System. The missiles are deployed on Aegis cruisers and destroyers to defend against short- to intermediate-range ballistic missile threats in the ascent and midcourse phases of flight. We also increased our participation in missile defense through product development and manufacturing on the Terminal High Altitude Air Defense (THAAD) program.
 
Our liquid-fueled jettison motor was integral to the success of NASA’s Orion Pad Abort-1 flight test, which demonstrated the successful integration and safety of Orion’s Launch Abort System (LAS). We also continued our track record of flawless performances on space exploration and other critical missions. This year saw several Delta II, Delta IV and Atlas V rocket launches, along with a number of space shuttle missions. These successes continue to strengthen our legacy of supplying innovative and dependable propulsion systems to the DoD and NASA -- as we have since the inception of the U.S. civil and military space programs.
In early 2010, President Obama unveiled his FY2011 budget request for the DoD
and NASA. Even with the proposed cancellation of the next-generation Constellation program, we believe that as the only supplier of all propulsion types - solid, liquid, airbreathing and electric – we are especially well positioned at both the DoD with our missile defense, tactical and inspace product lines, and at NASA due to our diverse offerings, innovative technologies and existing contracts with both traditional and emerging launch providers.
eaSton Development Company, llC
The company continued its efforts to reposition and entitle 6,000 acres of its excess Sacramento land under the brand name Easton. In 2010, we continued to execute entitlement, infrastructure planning and pre-development activities on several of the projects within Easton and we continued to explore options on how to maximize Easton’s value in anticipation of a real estate market recovery.
CommitteD to Community – StewarDShip anD philanthropy
GenCorp is committed to conducting our business in an ethical, safe and customer- focused manner that protects and preserves the environment. The company also takes seriously its role as a corporate citizen in the communities in which we operate. We continue to aggressively address our environmental remediation obligations, using state- of-the-art sustainable technologies. At our Sacramento plant alone, we pump and treat approximately 26 million gallons of groundwater per day.
 Our efforts in sustainable business practices have not gone unnoticed in 2010. We received a “2010 Sacramento Sustainable Business of the Year Award” as part of the Sacramento Sustainable Business Program. The award was based on our outstanding contributions to sustainability and pollution prevention in the Sacramento region. In addition, the Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD) board of directors recently presented
The growing number of sustainability awards the company has received over the last six months, along with the significant efforts in energy management, reflects our commitment to corporate sustainability.
us with a “2010 Community Energy Award” which recognizes commercial customers who share SMUD’s values of energy efficiency and environmental sensitivity, and who have turned these beliefs into actions. The growing number of sustainability awards the company has received over the last six months, along with the significant efforts in energy management, reflects our commitment to corporate sustainability.
Also supporting our sustainability actions this year, an additional 2.4 megawatts (MW) was added to the existing 3.6 MW solar system located at our Sacramento, Calif.
 
facility. The site, now covering close to 40 acres of Aerojet land, is the largest single- site industrial photovoltaic solar electric generating facility in California and one of the largest in the country. The installation of this array was made possible through the public-private partnership created by Aerojet, SMUD, Solar Power, Inc. and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 2008. The six megawatts of power is used exclusively by the company and offsets a significant amount of the power required for on-site environmental remediation at our Sacramento plant.
Through the GenCorp Foundation and employee volunteerism, we actively support hundreds of educational institutions and nonprofit organizations. The GenCorp
Since 2000, the Foundation has provided more than $8 million in grants, scholarships and matching gifts throughout our enterprise-wide communities.
looking to the Future
Foundation’s philanthropic mission is to support the communities where our employees live, work and volunteer. Its primary giving focus is Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics
(STEM) education to inspire our current and future workforces to be prepared to compete in an ever- changing technical global economy. Since 2000, the Foundation has provided more than $8 million in grants, scholarships and matching gifts throughout our enterprise-wide communities.
 Our 2010 core operating results reflect the effectiveness of the initiatives we have implemented to drive sales, cash, margin expansion and net debt reduction. We enter 2011 with a portfolio well positioned to meet the needs of our customers, and a team that remains committed to delivering excellent program performance and creating value for our shareholders through the focused execution across our Aerojet and Easton operating segments.
Thank you to our shareholders and customers for your continued support, to our board of directors for your confidence and investment in the company and to our more than 3,100 employees for your hard work and dedication to improving our financial and operational performance.
Sincerely,
James R. Henderson Chairman of the Board, GenCorp Inc.
Scott J. Seymour
President & Chief Executive Officer, GenCorp Inc. President, Aerojet
  