To Our Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that GenCorp continues to move forward on its strategy of strengthening Aerojet, its aerospace and defense business, and unlocking the substantial value of its Sacramento property. We have accomplished much in the last few years, with Aerojet revenues more than doubling since 2002, making it one of three large propulsion companies in the United States. With regard to our real estate, since achieving the release of 2,600 acres from Superfund status in 2002, we now have about 10 square miles undergoing re-zoning to allow for mixed, residential and commercial uses. We have also divested our non-core businesses, reduced legacy risks and worked to lift environmental restrictions on our excess land to bring it to its highest and best use. All of this is part of our continued efforts to maximize shareholder value.
2005 – Major Accomplishments
Focusing on Core Businesses
The Company completed the divesture of its non-core businesses with the sale of the Aerojet Fine Chemicals (AFC) segment after transforming it from a money-losing position in 2001 to a profitable operation at the time of the sale. The divestiture occurred
after a competitive bid process, complicated by the fact that
 AFC operations are located on a Superfund site. In 2004 we sold our other non-core business, GDX Automotive. We were fortunate to have divested GDX given the current state of the auto parts market.
Managing and Resolving Significant Legacy Risks
We have divested our non-core businesses, reduced legacy risks and worked to lift environmental restrictions on our excess land. All of this is part of our continued efforts
to maximize shareholder value.
In 2005 we addressed a number of long-standing legacy liabilities. During the year, we settled most of the toxic tort claims against us for a net cost of $2 million. The number of plaintiffs involved in these cases, which initially totaled more than 1,650, has been reduced to 18. In addition, we settled the Wotus retiree medical benefits case covering more than 1,700 potential plaintiffs, recording a charge of less than $1 million. There is an estimated $12 million to $18 million of retiree medical costs remaining that will be accounted for as a benefit plan amendment and amortized over a period of years. We also paid a $30 million judgment resulting from a 1993 case against the Olin Corporation for certain environmental clean-up costs. Still pending against Olin are our counterclaims relating to Olin’s contractual obligation to maintain insurance.
We restructured our Atlas® V fixed price contract with Lockheed Martin, signed in early 1999. The original contract obligated Aerojet to develop and deliver solid motors at a fixed price that was substantially below Aerojet’s costs. The restructured contract increases the price per motor and reduces the number of motors that the Company is obligated to deliver at a fixed price.
In addition, in 2005 we reduced our interest and corporate expense, while our major pension plans remained in an over-funded position on a cash basis.
 
Aerojet – Positioned for Continued Success
Aerojet’s 2005 revenues have more than doubled since 2002. A substantial amount of the growth came from the strategic acquisitions of General Dynamics Space Systems in 2002 and the Atlantic Research Corporation in 2003. Aerojet’s consistent internal growth reflects our consolidated technical
 Aerojet is in a strong competitive position to participate in high priority defense programs and NASA’s space Exploration Initiative for both manned and unmanned missions.
and operational excellence, as evidenced by our recent selection by the Boeing Company as “Supplier of the Year.”
Aerojet is a critical supplier on key U.S. Department of Defense tactical and missile defense programs. Also, the recent success of high-profile space initiatives, including the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, Stardust and the New Horizons Pluto mission, demon- strates Aerojet’s capabilities in launch and in-space propulsion
technologies. We believe that our success in winning research and development contracts from both military and civil customers will help us maintain our technical leadership and a diversified product portfolio over the long-term.
Going forward, Aerojet is in a strong competitive position to participate in high priority defense programs and NASA’s Space Exploration Initiative for both manned and unmanned missions. Accordingly, we believe that even if government funding of space and defense is reduced overall, Aerojet’s solid existing business base will generate predictable future profits and positive cash flow to support the ongoing environmental remediation of our Sacramento land.
Real Estate – Momentum Grows toward Unlocking the Value
We continue to unlock the value of our real estate. Since the release of 2,600 acres from Superfund designation in 2002, we have been aggressively working with local, federal and state agencies to remove additional environmental restrictions. Despite the many issues related to the historical uses
 We are confident that our real estate strategy will result in significant long-term shareholder value. We now have approximately 6,400 acres, or 10 square miles, undergoing re-zoning to allow for residential and commercial uses.
of our property, we have made steady progress. In 2003 we reached an agreement with the County of Sacramento securing a permanent source of water for our future development, and in 2004 we settled
a groundwater contamination lawsuit filed by an adjacent water purveyor. Both these actions were critical to our ability to pursue our real estate strategy
and enabled us to continue the process of re-zoning our land for mixed, commercial and residential uses. By year-end 2005 we had approximately 6,400 acres, or 10 square miles, in the re-zoning process in multiple jurisdictions.
Our real estate strategy is to enhance shareholder value by re-zoning our excess land. Additionally, as we announced in late 2005, we will evaluate transaction options with established residential developers and homebuilders with the experience and scale to add value to the development we envision. We believe that venturing with an established entity or entities would mitigate implemen- tation risks inherent in real estate development, such as sharing the cost of installing infrastructure
 
necessary to sell home sites to builders. At the same time, the Company intends to retain control over the commercial portions of the property until the value of that land has been enhanced by residential growth. We expect our initial venture to involve our 2,700-acre Rio Del Oro project.
The Company is confident that its real estate strategy will result in significant long-term shareholder value that will be well worth the lengthy process it takes to accomplish such an effort.
2006 and Beyond – More Progress on Strategic Objectives
In 2005 GenCorp eliminated significant risks and uncertainties and made steady progress on its real estate efforts, while Aerojet demonstrated that it is a strong and valuable government supplier, well-positioned for the future.
 The Company also strengthened and diversified the board of directors with the addition of Frank Balotti, one of the nation’s foremost authorities on corporate governance, and Timothy Wicks, an expert in product development and management.
The Company successfully addressed tough challenges and the market has noticed. Between fiscal year-end 2002 and fiscal year-end 2005, GenCorp stock has appreciated by 130%.
As we look forward, we are confident that our strategy is sound.
Our employees and management are committed to achieving
our objectives and increasing shareholder value. We have successfully addressed tough challenges, and the market has noticed our accomplishments. Between fiscal year-end 2002 and fiscal year-end 2005, the period during which the current management team has been in place, GenCorp stock has appreciated by 130%. We anticipate continued value creation as we make ongoing progress on our strategic goals.
There is significant work left to do, and we will continue our determined efforts to make sure that it gets done.
I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and support, our customers for their continued partnership, our board of directors for its guidance and counsel and you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence.
Sincerely,
Terry L. Hall
  