Dear Shareholders:
The year 2008 was one of transition and change as well as significant accomplishment for GenCorp. We are grateful to our employees who delivered solid financial and operational performance in both our aerospace and defense and real estate segments. We made good progress on the replacement of the 50-year Titan business and achieved an important milestone in our efforts to enhance the value of the Company’s excess real estate.
In 2008, sales remained steady at $742 million compared to $745 million in 2007. Net income for 2008 was $1.5 million, or $0.03 diluted earnings per share compared to net income of $69.0 million, or $1.14 diluted earnings per share for 2007. The decrease in operating results was primarily due to the following items: $33.1 million of unusual items in 2008 described in detail in the attached Form 10-K; a $31.2 million gain in discontinued operations from a negotiated early retirement of a seller note and an earn-out payment associated with the divestiture of the Fine Chemicals business in 2007; as well as a $18.1 million income tax benefit related to income tax settlements.
Aerojet – Strong and Diversified
Aerojet’s primary goals during the next several years are to
replace the Titan business and continue its organic growth.
We are well on our way to achieving these objectives.
Aerojet’s 2008 sales were $726 million, compared to $739
million in 2007. As the only domestic supplier of all propulsion types – solid, liquid, air-breathing and electric – we believe that Aerojet is uniquely positioned to support our country’s long-term defense and space needs, even as they may evolve and change with the new Administration.
During the year, Aerojet maintained a strong position in the defense market segment with key new and follow-on awards. Significant wins included the propulsion system for the Joint Air to Ground Missile, the Multiple Kill Vehicle System and other controllable solid motor programs. Aerojet received important follow-on awards for the Ground Based Midcourse Defense Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle Divert and Attitude Controls System,
 Aerojet’s primary goals during the next several years are to replace the Titan business and continue its organic growth. We are well on our way to achieving these objectives.
 
Standard Missile 3 Throttling Divert Attitude Control System and F-22 programs. In addition, Aerojet was one of eleven Boeing suppliers, out of approximately 10,000 worldwide, to receive the Boeing Company “Supplier of the Year Award.” This is the second time in three years that Aerojet has won this prestigious award.
Aerojet’s commitment to quality and excellence in its space systems programs was reflected in its 100% success on space exploration missions using our propulsion products. In 2008, Aerojet provided the descent propulsion for NASA to safely soft-land the Phoenix Mars Lander on the north polar region of Mars, and the propulsion used to place the Messenger spacecraft into orbit around the planet Mercury. NASA also recognized Aerojet for its key contributions to the development of a new human spacecraft with the successful test of the launch abort system jettison motor and the first stage roll control system thruster. Additionally, our Atlas V solid rocket boosters and Delta II upper stage engines supported another seven successful launches for the United Launch Alliance. New space propulsion contract wins during the year included the Bigelow Sundance model supporting the emerging entrepreneurial space market, the LOX Methane AME Support Exploration program, and the Taurus 2 program with Orbital Sciences Corporation.
Real Estate – Moving Forward
We believe that despite current economic conditions, the long-term prospects for the Sacramento real estate market remain attractive. Therefore, we are continuing our
 The Sacramento County Board of Supervisors approved the Final Environmental Impact Report and County General Plan amend- ments for the Glenborough at Easton and Easton Place project.
efforts to enhance the value of our excess real estate assets by entitling approximately 6,000 acres of our Sacramento land as a master-planned community under the brand name, Easton. Comprised of four “boroughs” located along a major state highway and transit corridor, the Easton plan is subject to the
authority of three jurisdictions, specifically the County of Sacramento, the City of Folsom and the City of Rancho Cordova, as well as numerous state and federal regulatory agencies. As envisioned, Easton will provide a diversified range of residential, commercial and recreational uses in a desirable in-fill location.
 
In December 2008, we achieved a major milestone in our real estate strategy. After more than four years of dedicated effort, the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors approved, without any public opposition, the Final Environmental Impact Report and County General Plan amendments for the Glenborough at Easton and Easton Place project. Comprised of approximately 1,400 acres, the borough’s land use plan includes more than 4,800 units in a wide range of residential densities and 4.2 million square feet of commercial and office space. The project plan also includes approximately 480 acres of open space and parks and an extensive network of biking and walking trails.
The remaining boroughs – Rio del Oro, Westborough and Hillsborough – are in various phases of the entitlement process and our real estate team is working with the respective regulatory authorities to craft reasonable and realistic agreements.
Real estate entitlement is a long, complicated process in California, made even more complex for the Company by the multiple jurisdictions involved, as well as state and federal environmental restrictions that were placed on a portion of the Easton property many years ago. We are addressing our environmental obligations within the Easton property, as well as in our surrounding communities. In March 2008, approximately 2,300 acres within Easton were released from state environmental restrictions, bringing the total number of Easton acres removed from environmental orders to approximately 4,800. We believe that the remaining restrictions will be addressed in time to support the overall Easton master plan.
2009 – Challenges Ahead
There are considerable challenges ahead that are primarily the result of the upheaval in the global financial markets, uncertainty in funding for defense and space budgets and the downturn in the Sacramento real
The Company is well-positioned to capture estate market. Despite these issues,
 new aerospace and defense awards in 2009 and to continue the entitlement process on the remaining 4,600 Easton acres.
management believes the Company is well-positioned to capture our share of new aerospace and defense awards in
2009 and to continue the entitlement process on the remaining 4,600 Easton acres.
 
GenCorp’s priorities to increase shareholder value are to:
• address the Company’s capital structure requirements given that holders of our 4% and 2.25% convertible bonds may require us to repurchase the bonds in 2010 and 2011, respectively;
• work with our federal legislators on a fair and reasonable solution to pension funding requirements;
• exceed our customer program performance goals and quality metrics while lowering our cost structure;
• evaluate our systems and processes to improve enterprise-wide synergies and efficiencies;
• win key new and follow-on strategic defense and space program awards;
• enhance the value of our excess real estate; and
• meet our environmental obligations with state-of-the-art, sustainable remediation processes and technologies.
Thank you to our employees for their hard work, loyalty and commitment to quality, our customers for their continued support, our board of directors for their guidance and focus and you, our shareholders, for your confidence and patience.
Sincerely,
James R. Henderson J. Scott Neish Chairman of the Board Interim President and
Interim Chief Executive Officer
      