TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 2014 was a record year for Alaska Air Group on many levels. We succeeded financially, our operation was strong, and our people delivered the great customer service for which we are known. But, before I provide you greater detail on our 2014 accomplishments, I want to share my thoughts on the backdrop for the year. In last year's letter, I noted unprecedented competition in Seattle, our largest hub, and I described the steps we were taking to defend our position as the carrier of choice in the Pacific Northwest. I'm happy to report that in 2014, despite intense competition in our hometown, we produced the best results in our history. For this, we have our 13,000 employees at Alaska and Horizon to thank. We've got a fabulous group of people here -- folks that look at the outside world realistically and then get to work putting together plans that will succeed. And then they relentlessly focus on executing those plans. Earlier this year I heard Satya Nadella, the new CEO of Microsoft, speak at an event where he mentioned a Peter Drucker quote that resonated with me -- "Culture eats strategy for breakfast." We have a fantastic culture here at Alaska. Our people care about each other and this company, and they work together to execute our plan -- every flight, every day, with every customer, and on every project. This fabulous team and this culture are the drivers of the results we're sharing in this report. Here are some of the highlights from this year: Safety is our top priority and the foundation for everything we do. This year, we launched a program called "Ready, Safe, Go," designed to increase safety awareness across the Air Group system. We have a strong safety record at both Alaska and Horizon, and this will help us be even better. #1 on-time airline: Our frontline folks and the leaders throughout our operation continue to run an excellent operation. 86.0% of our mainline flights arrived on

time -- the highest percentage of on-time flights among the eight largest North American carriers. Reliability is one of the biggest sources of customer satisfaction, which in turn, drives customer preference. Our 13,000 employees worked hard every day to get our customers to their destinations safely, on time, and with their bags. J.D. Power award for customer service and loyalty program: Simply put, great customer service is the reason Alaska is here today and thriving as an independent airline. Our employees were recognized in 2014, earning the J.D. Power award for "Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Traditional Network Carriers" for the seventh year in a row. J.D. Power also published its first-ever Airline Loyalty Program Satisfaction Report in 2014, in which Alaska was ranked highest by frequent fliers. We know that taking care of our customers every day is the best way to sustain our success. We could not be more proud of our people for these extraordinary accomplishments. Engaged employees and good labor relations: We are pleased to have a new five-year agreement with Alaska's flight attendants. Our inflight group is the best in the business, and they proved it once again by providing outstanding service throughout the contract negotiations. We now have agreements in place with all of our labor groups. The length of our labor contracts is about four years on average, which compares very favorably to the rest of the industry. Our level of employee engagement was 82% in our annual employee survey, up 3 points from the prior year, and up 19 points from three years ago. Engaged employees who are aligned with our goals are the reason we are succeeding. Low costs, low fares, and network growth: Are low costs important? You bet they are; they enable us to provide our customers with outstanding value and

enlarge the economic moat that we are building around our business. Last year, we reduced our unit costs, excluding fuel, for the 12th year out of the last 13. Alaska's costs -- and our fares -- are now much closer to low-cost carriers' than to legacy airlines'. And low fares mean that we can grow. In 2014 we added 16 new routes. We now serve the top 25 destinations from Seattle for business travelers, and our network now encompasses 105 cities with 216 non-stop city pairs. Low costs are a result of our continued (some say obsessive) focus on productivity and cost management. Investment-grade credit rating: Alaska is one of only two U.S. airlines to have an investment-grade credit rating. Our balance sheet is not only one of the strongest in the business, but it also compares very favorably with high-quality industrial firms. Our long-term debt on the balance sheet back in 2008 was $1.6 billion and today it is $686 million. In fact, today we have more cash than debt on our balance sheet, and this reflects our conscious effort to put capital to work in a balanced manner and de-risk cash flows for you, our shareholders. Shareholder returns: Strong fundamental performance in the areas I outlined above allowed us to post a record $571 million in profit and increase our earnings per share by 55%. And robust earnings enabled us to return cash to you. Based on our strong 2014 results, we increased our dividend by 60% in January. Together with our share repurchases, we distributed $417 million in cash to shareholders during 2014. These are compelling results on multiple fronts, and some people who observe our performance ask us how we do it. The short answer is the same reason Seattle Seahawks third-year quarterback Russell Wilson got to the Big Game -- twice. At the heart of this achievement is an incredible commitment to performance, to each other and to the team. We have the best employees in the business -- people who are talented and dedicated and who enjoy working together to help Alaska and Horizon compete and win. Their caring and dedication comes from their fundamental values of integrity -- doing the right thing -- and from something we call Alaska Spirit and Horizon Heart. As I've watched the Company over the last several years, I've seen that

our incredible frontline folks are matched by a highly talented group of leaders. I am regularly amazed by their heart and their ability to make positive changes. And whether it's on a football field or off, our other CFO (our chief football officer) reminds us that champions never rest. We are undertaking several key initiatives to keep our airline strong. These initiatives include rolling out Alaska Beyond (our new inflight experience), developing new technology to make travel more hassle-free, improving customer service, and continuing to run a safe, reliable and on-time operation. We're excited about the future, and our entire team is completely focused on achieving our plan so that we can continue to deliver strong results in the years to come. Thank you for supporting and investing in Alaska Air Group. Sincerely,

Brad Tilden Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

