Bill Ayer, Chairman and CEO

To Our Stockholders
This business is all about people -- it always has been and always will be. Specifically, at Alaska Air Group it's about 14,000 people working across our two airlines to take really good care of our customers. Ultimately, it is our customers who decide our future; therefore, our success depends not only on the type of service we provide, but also on the way we provide that service. And our employees at Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air have a reputation for exceeding expectations, as you'll see from a customer letter on the next page. 2007 marks Alaska Airlines' 75th anniversary, following right on the heels of the 25th anniversary of Horizon Air in 2006. When you look around, there are not many airlines that can boast 75, much less 100, years of combined service. As you might expect, those years have brought some very good times and some extremely difficult ones. But a common thread running through our collective histories is that we have always risen to the challenge. All of us at Alaska and Horizon today are beneficiaries of the hard-won successes of those who have gone before us.

A 75-year Legacy
The company that ultimately became Alaska Airlines was born in 1932, when Linious "Mac" McGee began flying from Anchorage to Bristol Bay, Alaska, in a threeseat Stinson. McGee and his fellow bush pilots braved formidable weather, primitive navigation and Alaska's vast and unforgiving terrain. I suppose you could say we face similar challenges today. Weather certainly creates some formidable inconveniences; some might say that our current air traffic control system, while not exactly primitive, is certainly in need of updating; and Alaska's terrain would still be vast and unforgiving if not for technological advances that provide pinpoint navigation accuracy and the ability to fly safely in lowvisibility conditions. In addition, we have to contend with record-high fuel prices, fluctuations in the economy, layer upon layer of taxes and fees, bankruptcy laws that often result in a competitive advantage for those who fail and default on their obligations -- and I could go on. But as daunting as

they seem, many of the challenges we face are within our control, and I would argue that even the ones that are not can be managed. The question we must answer is whether we, like our predecessors, have the resolve to do what is necessary to take control of our future. The answer is yes, we are determined to continue their legacy. Alaska Air Group's former Chairman and CEO Bruce Kennedy said it well: "It was not miracles, but solid teamwork over the years that enabled us to overcome serious challenges." From working around the clock as McGee did just to stay in business to dodging bullets while flying Yemenite Jews to their new homeland in the 1940s; from flying to Russia during the `50s Cold War to employees paying for fuel out of their own pockets just to keep flying in the early `70s; from surviving -- and thriving -- through deregulation to the merger-mania that hit our industry in the `80s; and from the oil shocks and low-cost competition of the `90s to a new millennium marked by Sept. 11, 2001, and a new crop of well-financed, low-cost competitors -- our employees have worked together not only to survive, but to take advantage of new opportunities and grow. Clearly, finding a way to overcome challenges is in our DNA. Now it's our turn to add a new chapter to the airline's history. The following letter is just one example of how employees take care of our passengers every day.

"I was traveling to the Bay Area for a business meeting. We were planning to play golf at Half Moon Bay after we landed, heading right to the course. Well, my clubs never made that plane, and after seeing my frustration, the agent said he would lend me his set of golf clubs that were in his car and then bring mine to me the next day at our office across the Bay. WOW! What service! While delivering my set of clubs the next day, he asked me how I did with his set. I told him that I shot a 75 with them. He said that is impossible because they have never shot below a 90 in their lives. This service went above and beyond the normal and was greatly appreciated. I will always be an Alaska customer."

Alaska Airlines 2010 Plan
We are now four years into Alaska's 2010 Plan -- a blueprint to transform the airline into one of the best in America for our customers, our investors and our employees. We've made steady progress toward achieving the "virtuous cycle" at the heart of our plan, which begins with friendly employees who deliver a flying experience that represents the best value in the industry. This naturally leads to a world-class brand and strong customer preference for our product that supports profitability and provides consistent returns for investors. In turn, investors provide new capital, allowing us to reinvest in our business and grow, which helps keep our unit costs low and provides retirement security and new career opportunities for employees. When fully achieved, these steps augment one another, resulting in a healthy, growing company and sustained profitability. But in order to offer our customers good value -- that is, a product they want at a price they are willing to pay -- we

must have low costs. So we set a course to significantly lower Alaska's unit costs and improve unit revenue with a goal of achieving an average 10 percent pretax margin. That margin will fund annual growth of 8 to 10 percent, which will help keep our costs low in the future.

Our new Horizon Air service to Sonoma County and Alaska's newly announced nonstop service from Portland to Boston and Orlando expand our growing list of flights to the places our customers want to go.

Report Card
Let's look at how we did in 2006 and what we have planned for 2007. Profitability Air Group's core business has improved steadily since 2001. For the first time, total revenue exceeded $3 billion in 2006, contributing to an adjusted net profit of $137.7 million.

ALASKA AIR GROUP NET PROFIT
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Adjusted for unusual items

($ millions)

13. 5

5. 2

AVERAGE REVENUE PER PASSENGER
Horizon Air Alaska Airlines

* see reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted amounts on page 98 ** ($5.9) mil. after accounting change

Listening to Our Customers
Listening to our customers and designing our strategic plans around what is important to them has always been the key to our success. Our customers have sent a clear message -- they care a lot about fares. And that's why we continue to focus on reducing costs. Customers also want an easy experience from curb to curb; on-line ticketing and Web or kiosk check-in; a speedy bag check; a fast trip through security; a friendly, engaging experience onboard; an on-time arrival and a quick bag retrieval when they reach their destination. Delivery on all these service elements is essential to our continued success. In addition, Alaska Airlines customers have a choice of first-class or coach seating as well as an opportunity to become members in our award-winning Mileage Plan. And Horizon Air customers enjoy the best of the Pacific Northwest -- Starbucks coffee, complimentary regional wines and microbrews, and a warm, friendly flying experience.
Percent of seats filled
Horizon Air Alaska Airlines
* Includes Frontier Jet Ex press flying under a capacity purchase agreement. Unit revenues and unit costs are lower for this flying than for the rest of Horizon's network.

LOAD FACTOR

Alaska Airlines posted a $200.5 million adjusted pretax profit on revenues of $2.7 billion for a 7.4 percent adjusted pretax profit margin in 2006. That's a significant improvement over last year's 3.5 percent margin and brings us another step closer to our goal of 10 percent. Horizon Air's $23.2 million adjusted pretax profit marked its fourth consecutive year of improved profits. Total operating revenues were up 15.7 percent to $644 million, producing an adjusted pretax profit margin of 3.6 percent. Air Group's fuel hedging program saved the company $100 million in 2006. And while we don't expect the same level of savings in the future, we are continuing to hedge a portion of our planned fuel consumption to reduce fuel volatility -- one of our highest costs. Of course, the best way to conserve fuel is not to burn it in the first place, and our new, fuel-efficient 737-800 aircraft provide a permanent fuel hedge while reducing carbon emissions, as well. One of the benefits of our strong financial performance is that we were able to contribute $122 million in 2006 to Alaska's defined-benefit pension plans, making them the best-funded plans in the industry. Fleet The annual cost reductions achieved in 2005 made it possible for Alaska to place an order with Boeing for up to 100 new 737 aircraft to support our long-term fleet and growth plan. The plan includes retiring our MD-80s to achieve an all-737 fleet by the end of 2008. Alaska is in the process of replacing its 737-200 passenger and cargo "combi" jets with a dedicated freighter and five 737-400 combis that have been specially retrofitted to meet the shipping and transportation needs of our customers in the state of Alaska. Alaskans depend on us not only to travel from one city to another, but also to get their products to market and to move vital supplies to and within the state. Even though our route system now reaches far

ALASKA AIRLINES UNIT COSTS

Cost per Available Seat Mile (excluding fuel and unusual items)

9.0¢ 8.5¢ 8.0¢ 7.5¢ 7.0¢

8.73¢ 8.52¢ 8.34¢ 7.92¢ 8.01¢ 7.81¢ 7.55¢

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007 target

Continuous improvement

HORIZON AIR UNIT COSTS
20¢
18.95¢

Cost per Available Seat Mile (excluding fuel and unusual items)

18¢
15.99¢

16¢ 14¢ 12¢ 2001 2002

15.80¢ 14.19¢ 13.35¢ 14.20¢

13.58¢

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007 target

Continuous improvement

beyond Alaska, our commitment to the people of the Great Land is as solid as ever. Horizon's fleet is changing, too. As part of our transition to a younger, larger-capacity fleet, we plan to take delivery of 13 Q400 aircraft in 2007, and we recently announced an order for 15 more Q400s for delivery starting in late 2008. As these Q400s arrive, we plan to sublease the rest of our Q200s. Nine CRJ-700s will also return to our fleet after completing their contract-flying mission for Frontier JetExpress. These fleet changes will improve efficiency and increase capacity, allowing us to offer greater customer value in markets where demand is highest, provide more feed traffic to Alaska Airlines and explore new market opportunities.

Technology We continue to use technology to make life easier for our customers and to reduce costs. In 2006, we surpassed $1 billion in ticket sales on alaskaair.com and horizonair.com. We look forward to unveiling our "Airport of the Future" design at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport later this year. This innovative process is already in place in Anchorage, where it has cut customer check-in time in half. We're also using state-of-the-art cockpit technology to enhance safety and reliability. Our RNP procedures, developed by Alaska pilots, combined with head-up display guidance systems have enhanced both carriers' ability to navigate challenging terrain and land in low-visibility conditions. And speaking of a great product ­ In January, Air Transport World announced that Horizon Air had been named Regional Airline of the Year for 2007. What better way to top off a 25-year anniversary! The industry-leading publication cited Horizon's safety record, commitment to customer service, technological leadership and profitability during some of the most challenging times for the industry. We are understandably proud of our Horizon brand and the vital role Horizon's employees play in adding strength to the Alaska Air Group network.


We've come a long way from our humble beginning as a bush operation in 1932. But our heart and soul remain firmly rooted in our rich past. For 75 years, the employees at Alaska Airlines have gone above and beyond to take care of our customers and the communities we serve, and we have been willing to make tough decisions in order to remain profitable and independent. Nothing would make us prouder than for our successors to say the same thing 75 years from now.

The Future
While we are very optimistic about the future, our ultimate success depends on facing the challenges before us realistically and executing our plan. As we look ahead, we see increased competitive pressures both from restructured legacy airlines and from fastgrowing low-cost carriers, which underscores the importance of continuing to earn customers' loyalty every day. To that end, our top priorities for 2007 are aimed at enhancing the value we offer our customers through:

Sincerely,

· improving our operational performance, · continuing to reduce costs, and · reaching long-term agreements with Alaska and Horizon
pilots that recognize the important jobs they perform and the competitive realities of our industry. These efforts, along with hundreds of initiatives to streamline our operation, will improve our profitability and ensure our ability to deliver a great product at a competitive price.

William S. Ayer Chairman, President and CEO Alaska Air Group April 30, 2007

