
To Our Employees and Shareholders,

Perspective. When you think about it, that's the difference between absolute and relative.
For instance, in absolute terms 2001 was an extremely difficult and traumatic year. We were all forever changed by the harsh realities thrust upon us by cowardly acts of terrorism on September 11, making it a day of sadness beyond our belief or comprehension.
But 9/11 was also a turning point for America-a day that marked our firm resolve to unite and pull together to heal the wounds inflicted upon us by those whose intent it was to divide us. So from a relative standpoint, 2001 will also be remembered in a positive sense for the awakening of community and unity expressed not only by Americans, but by those around the world.

 
Industry Perspective
Last year was also one of the most challenging years ever for the airline industry. It was a year when we witnessed unthinkable, unspeakable acts of terrorism, but also marveled at unselfish acts of heroism-acts that brought tears to our eyes.
Following the attacks, the industry worked with government to implement a comprehensive new security system--one that continues to evolve and improve. New security directives also brought about a sea change in terms of passenger screening, which resulted in long lines. Nevertheless, our customers were willing to do  their part to enhance security, and they
 





















JOHN  F. KELLY
Chairman, President & CEO Alaska Air Group
 
responded in a calm, understanding way that belied the inconvenience and delay involved.
From a financial perspective, the industry also suffered with record losses-losses that would have been even greater had it not been for govern­ ment aid provided by the Air Transportation Safety and System Stabilization Act. The effects of 9/11 and a faltering economy were simply too much to overcome. So even with the aid, most of the industry-as well as Alaska Air Group-posted negative results for the year. Alaska and Horizon received a total of $79.9 million in compensation from the federal government to cover 9/11-related losses and still lost $39.5 million for the year, or $1.49 per share.
 
Absolute Versus Relative
Those are absolute numbers, but relative to the rest of the industry Alaska posted remarkable results following the 9/11 tragedy. For instance, industry traffic was down 19% in the fourth quarter, while Alaska's was only down 5.6%. Likewise, yield per revenue passenger mile and unit revenues were down 17% and 20% respectively for the major carriers combined, and Alaska's were down only 7.3% and 5.5%.
'Why was that? Well, first of all we have a dominant market position on the West Coast and are clearly the carrier of choice-especially with frequent flyers. But we've also built up a large leisure travel market, so the recessionary falloff in business travel had less of a negative impact on us. In addition, folks on the West Coast traveled in greater numbers-particularly in Alaska, where air travel is a way oflife.
Horizon, however, was more profoundly affected by the downturn in the economy and the falloff in demand post-9/ 11. That's because business travelers make up a larger share of their traffic, and in many of their short­ haul markets travelers chose to drive rather than fly. In addition, Horizon recorded a $10.2 million impairment charge associated with the  retirement  of its older F-28 fleet.

A Focused Strategy
We developed a comprehensive strategy after 9/11 that, while contrary to most of the industry, was based on our unique circumstances. With a strong balance sheet, $661 million in cash and short-term investments on hand, and much stronger demand than in other parts of the country, we made a key decision: to return to a full schedule by the first quarter of 2002.
That decision enabled us to make another critical decision, which was to not furlough any Alaska employees and keep Horizon reductions to a bare minimum. Our employees are the very reason for our success, so thankfully our strategy, combined with the federal aid, enabled us to be among only a few carriers who didn't furlough. Of course, we also enlisted the help of our employees to do all possible to control variable costs.
The last piece of our strategy was to broaden our revenue base by adding service to a number of new cities. 'While traffic remained relatively strong in our core markets, we did see an opportunity to reduce one or two flights a day in markets with significant frequencies and good time-of-day coverage. That way we could avoid losing existing customers and shift some flying to new markets. The net result? For about the same cost, we could access new customers and a new revenue base. To add to our chances of success, we focused the new flying out of our key Seattle and Los Angeles hubs.
 












Q)
C
1,..,
sq(
(iJ

Y'l
-
<{..
C OJ
rn
ro
(sf'iJ
C
0
4-'
ro
b
OJ
lf'l (!J
/	b.
/	..
©
6
I	6
u©
ffi 6
©
Yi]








In recent years, Alaska and Horizon have opened a series of smaller, satellite reservations centers throughout the Pacific
Northwest to improve call times. The latest addition to the  list was Alaska's 115-employee
call center in Boise.
 
Alaska and Horizon continue to make investments in facilities to improve efficiency and effectiveness, including Alaska's announcement of plans to consolidate heavy maintenance operations in Oakland.








I '' I
I
\




/
I


I
/ '\ ..
•·



0

















(0'j.).

6
ffi
@,
(\!r\)
6
(fij
'=6
00
 

So in the fourth quarter we inaugurated service from Seattle to Washington, D.C. via Dulles International, complementing the new service we inaugurated on September 7 to Reagan  National. We also launched new service from Los Angeles to Cancun and announced plans to begin service from Los Angeles to Calgary in February of this year. Horizon, meanwhile, launched service from Medford to Los Angeles in 2001, and announced plans to begin service this year from Boise to Sacramento and Portland to Tucson.
Then early this year we announced plans to expand our route system even further-and farther. In April, Alaska will debut service from Seattle to Boston and to Denver. And Horizon will spread its wings with service from Portland to Denver, and from Boise to Denver, San Diego, and San Francisco.
Please don't misunderstand-we have no intention of  abandoning our traditional markets here on the West Coast. But the strength of our Anchorage, Seattle, and Los Angeles hubs-along with the great following we have from our loyal frequent flyers and the fact that our new 737-700s and 737-900s have the range to fly long distances-gives us the ability to take customers wherever they want to go.
And, while Horizon continues to expand  beyond its roots in  the Pacific Northwest, the flying builds on their hub strength and also provides a valuable exchange of traffic with Alaska Airlines. Plus they have the right aircraft in place to take advantage of these new opportunities with their new fleet of fuel-efficient Bombardier CRJ-700 regional jets and Dash 8-400s.

Looking Ahead
So what does the future portend? Well, it depends on your perspective. As an eternal optimist, I believe that both Alaska and Horizon are uniquely positioned in the marketplace.
After all, we have award-winning employees whose passion is service; new fleet types that will enable us to operate more efficiently, while giving us an opportunity to build our hubs by flying to destinations that were previously unreachable; a loyal business and leisure traveler base that has consistently responded positively as we've added new service; and a competitive cost structure that is targeted to improve for both carriers this year.
The key for us in the months ahead will be to continue to systematically execute our post-9/11 plan-and that plan even includes strategic growth.
Alaska anticipates 8% growth in 2002, and Horizon 12.7%.
That's not to say we don't face significant challenges. A rebound  in the economy will be essential and will no doubt be the key determinant of how soon we can turn around our absolute results. Plus, airport security will
 
remain keenly in focus, and we'll have additional security-related costs. But nothing is more important than safety and security. Period.
Now, let me leave you this year with a formal introduction to the executive team we've assembled to lead Alaska and Horizon in the years ahead. On January 30, 2002, I announced that Alaska President Bill Ayer had been elected to the additional position of CEO, marking the con­ tinuation of an executive succession plan that we developed over the past three years. Bill is a veteran of almost 20 years with Horizon Air and Alaska Airlines, and is a bright, articulate leader who embodies the spirit and culture that make our company unique.
As part of the succession plan, Horizon Air President and Chief Executive Officer George Bagley assumed the newly created position of executive vice president of operations at Alaska Airlines, reporting di­ rectly to Bill. George brings with him 22 years of operating experience at both Horizon and Alaska and is a results-oriented, proven leader who is known for his integrity and commitment to customer service.
Replacing George as president and CEO at Horizon isJeff Pinneo, who has served as Horizon's vice president, customer service for the past 10 years.Jeff is a dynamic leader with strong organizational and operational skills, who is also keenly devoted to employees and customers.
I'll remain chairman, president, and CEO of Alaska Air Group, and chairman of both Alaska and Horizon, but my focus will shift to concentrate on strategic planning, finance, shareholder relations, and governmental affairs. Of course, I'll also serve as a sounding board and coach for Bill and Jeff.
We're certainly fortunate to have a wealth of talent at both Alaska and Horizon, and I'm proud that we were able to fill all these top executive positions internally-as is our preference. These are exemplary, team-oriented leaders who I'm confident will help us successfully navigate the challenges
in the years ahead.
 
















GEORGE BAGLEY
Executive Vice President Operations
Alaska Airlines



JEFFREY PINNEO
President & CEO Horizon Air
 


 
Chairman, President & CEO




March 11, 2002
 


JOHN F. KELLY
Chairman, President & CEO Alaska Air Group
 


BILL AYER
President & CEO Alaska Airlines
 


6
