Alaska Air Group 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
Engagement with our customers ­ one passenger at a time, one interaction at a time ­ is what sets us apart. ollowing 9-11 and the ensuing downturn in the airline industry, we realized that despite a great brand, a reputation for delivering outstanding customer service, and a discipline of conservative financial management, we clearly were not positioned to compete successfully in the permanently changed industry environment. We were faced with a choice. We could make the responsible, if at times unpopular, decisions to secure our own future ­ or we could throw up our hands and let fate take its course. We chose the former. Shareholder Letter

F

Chairman and CEO Bill Ayer

Three years ago we launched our Alaska 2010 Plan ­ a blueprint to transform Alaska Airlines into one of the best airlines in America, providing excellent jobs and retirement security for employees, the best value in the industry for customers, and a good return for investors. We have been focused on executing that plan ever since. Many of you are familiar with some of the changes we've made. We initially targeted things that would not directly impact our people. At Alaska we simplified our fare structure, pushed more ticket sales to the Internet, added fuel-saving winglets to our 737 aircraft, revamped our catering, negotiated insurance and lease rate reductions, worked with our suppliers to reduce costs, and began to implement LEAN principles ­ proven techniques for improving efficiency. At Horizon Air we adjusted our schedule to better meet demand and began Frontier Jet Express Service--a fee-based flying arrangement with Frontier Airlines. We made productivity improvements and undertook other initiatives to reduce costs, and we improved our operation in order to compete more effectively. The most difficult decisions have been those that have negatively affected our employees. In 2004, we made the decision to contract out certain functions at Alaska Airlines, including fleet service and the remainder of our aircraft heavy maintenance. And in 2005 we restructured pilot wages and hired an outside service provider for our Seattle ground operation.

As difficult as these changes have been, our collective efforts are paying off. Against a backdrop of U.S. airline industry losses ranging from $5 billion to $8 billion each year, Alaska Air Group has improved from an adjusted net loss of $88.3 million in 2001 to an adjusted net profit of $55 million, or a pretax margin of 3.6 percent, in 2005. Although far from our goal of a 10 percent margin, it extends our improving earnings trend to a fourth year and makes us one of only two major U.S. carriers to post a significant profit in 2005.

Shareholder Letter

A VIRTUOUS CYCLE
As we began to see financial success, other opportunities presented themselves. In June 2005 we announced a deal with Boeing for up to 100 new 737-800 aircraft. Investor confidence that we would continue to achieve our cost goals was reflected in a higher stock price, which paved the way for a $200 million sale of stock in December. As a result of our profitability and the equity offering, our cash position and our capital structure improved sufficiently for us to commit $750 million to accelerate the retirement of our MD-80 fleet. The early retirement of this fleet means that Alaska Airlines will operate a single, 737 fleet type by the end of 2008. We estimate that this investment will result in more than $115 million in annual savings and will create operating efficiencies that will help fuel profitable growth. These accomplishments contribute to a "virtuous cycle" that begins with employees who deliver a flying experience that represents the best value in the industry. That results in an increasing

number of satisfied customers with a strong preference for our product, which results in a solid return for investors, which leads to new capital for growth, which leads to increased profits, which produce career opportunities and retirement security for employees ­ and on it goes.

Shareholder Letter

GROWTH
One natural result of the virtuous cycle is the ability to expand. A competitive cost structure combined with a revenue premium driven by customer preference positions us well for growth. In 2005 Alaska added service to Dallas, Texas, and to Mexico City and Loreto, Mexico. Horizon added Reno, Nevada, to its route system. In 2006 we plan to continue to grow by about 6 percent at both Alaska and Horizon by adding more frequency, connecting existing cities in new ways, and initiating service to new markets from Seattle and other West Coast points. The Boeing 737-800 gives us the perfect aircraft for growth and for replacing our MD-80 fleet. The 737-800 is fuel-efficient, has low maintenance costs, and has the range and payload characteristics that fit our markets well. Growing with these 157-seat aircraft will further reduce unit costs. We also are excited about our decision to acquire additional Bombardier Q400 aircraft for our Horizon fleet. This airplane is well suited to Horizon's markets, and the fleet additions will support future growth. Horizon's mix of 37-seat Q200 and 74-seat Q400 turboprops and 70-seat CRJ-700 jets allows us to continue our "harmonization" efforts, matching the right Alaska or Horizon aircraft to a market's needs. This fleet approach has resulted in a significant improvement in the profitability of our jointly served markets.

Shareholder Letter

Like Alaska, Horizon has been working hard to control costs, and we are now in the process of consolidating some Alaska and Horizon support functions. Our goal is to eliminate redundancy, yet preserve the benefits of separately managed companies and each airline's unique brand.

CHALLENGES
Our transformation hasn't been perfect, and it certainly has not been easy. Our greatest challenge is making the changes necessary to ensure our viability while minimizing the impact on employees. It is no secret that our operational performance fell short during 2005, impacting both customers and employees. Alaska's unit costs increased slightly for the year due to higher-than-planned costs in some areas and a reduction in our capacity. During the summer and fall, we intentionally reduced our schedule in order to deal with operational issues. While we still have work to do, we remain committed to continuous operational improvement and to further reducing our unit costs. To that end, we set Alaska's 2006 cost goal at 7.65 cents per available seat mile (excluding the cost of fuel) with an ultimate goal of 7.25 cents or lower. We've been around for almost 75 years, and we intend to be here for a long time to come. That keeps us focused on the long term. We believe that the financial performance you've seen over the last couple of years indicates that we're headed in the right direction.

CULTURE
I want to share with you an excerpt from a recent letter that illustrates how our employees continue to make a difference for our customers. Dear Alaska Airlines, ...On June 18, I left Seattle to enjoy a fishing trip in Sitka with my father and brother.... Within hours of my arrival in Sitka, I learned that my wife had been diagnosed with a very severe condition that not only threatened her life, but the life of our unborn child as well. I was a mental wreck when I got to the Alaska counter ­ and this is where your employee truly shined. Alaska Airlines was under no obligation to change my flight for no cost ­ which the agent did gratis. I will always appreciate the compassion and care she conveyed as she performed her job. I will never forget the look of relief on my wife's face when I returned to her that evening.... Both are now healthy and happy. For the part you played, I thank you, and though it is rare to have an emotional bond to a company and a group of employees, you have earned it for life. Engagement with our customers ­ one passenger at a time, one interaction at a time ­ is what sets us apart. When you boil it all down, the only sustainable advantage we have is our people. Their initiative, professionalism, caring and integrity are the heart and soul of our companies. And their hard work is getting us through the tough spots in our transformation. Our employees should be very proud of what they're achieving. We are optimistic about our future ­ we have great people and a great culture. We're pleased with the progress we've made and look forward to securing our position as an undisputed leader in this industry. Sincerely, Shareholder Letter

William S. Ayer Chairman, President and CEO, Alaska Air Group April 10, 2006

