TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The year 2012 marked a decade of transition. During that time we worked together to change our business from a high-cost legacy airline to a vibrant, energetic, and successful company focused on our future. It has been a remarkable journey ­ one that I am honored to have been a part of. Last year also marked the end of my tenure as the CEO and the beginning of a new chapter under the leadership of Brad Tilden. I have invited Brad to share his thoughts on the year and where we're headed. Sincerely,

Bill Ayer Chairman

2012 was a good year for Alaska Air Group. We reported record adjusted profits and our ninth consecutive year of adjusted earnings. We carried more passengers than we ever have, and we now fly to more destinations than at any time in our history. The Company has grown from a small bush airline flying in the state of Alaska to a large national carrier serving over 90 destinations in the United States, Mexico and Canada. With growth comes responsibility. And we are working hard to ensure we continue to provide excellent service for our customers, good careers for our employees, and solid returns for our investors. In 2012, we received our fifth consecutive J.D. Power and Associates Award for "Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Traditional Network Carriers in North America."* At Alaska Air Group, we hired over 1,200 new employees, and we paid out more than $88 million in bonuses. And for our shareholders, we repurchased $60 million of our common stock and announced a new $250 million buyback program. We are not stopping here. As we close the books on another year, we begin 2013 with engaged employees that are working together better than ever. It's no secret, though, that this is a tough industry. We're looking to the future as we work on a host of initiatives that will sustain our performance and make Alaska a great business as well as a great airline. In order to succeed, we need to execute on a solid plan for the future. We are entering the second year of a five-year strategic plan that we simply call our "Five Focus Areas." This plan focuses on all key stakeholders ­ our employees, our customers and you, our shareholders. The Five Focus Areas are laid out in the following pages. I'd like to invite you to take a journey with us as we highlight some of the accomplishments of 2012 and share our vision of the future.

Sincerely,

Brad Tilden Chief Executive Officer

1

*Alaska Airlines received the highest numerical score among seven traditional network airline carriers (tied in 2008)in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2008­2012 North America Airline Satisfaction Studies SM . 2012 study based on responses from 13,763 passengers who flew on a major North American airline between May 2011 and April 2012. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed July 2011­April 2012. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.

