FROM THE CEO
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
In 2017, Ally made extraordinary progress building a leading digital financial services company. In addition to expanding and enhancing the products we offer our customers, we posted solid financial results, and had positive regulatory developments, all of which helped to produce very strong total returns for our shareholders.
In May 2017, we launched Ally Invest, our brokerage and wealth management platform. This complemented the launch in 2016 of the Ally CashBack Credit Card1 and our direct-to-consumer mortgage product, called Ally Home. While establishing a full suite of banking products has been a tremendous undertaking, I’m proud to have delivered what our customers have been asking for, and excited about the future prospects for our new businesses in 2018 and beyond.
Our auto finance business had another strong year,
delivering improving risk-adjusted returns while maintaining credit discipline. We continue to serve over 18,000 dealer relationships and millions of auto customers. We are also mindful of rapidly evolving trends in the auto ecosystem and enhanced our direct-to-consumer capabilities through the rollout of Clearlane while also forming relationships with new market participants, which enable us to offer consumer and commercial financing in more of the places where consumers are purchasing vehicles.
We achieved another significant regulatory milestone in 2017 when the
Federal Reserve released Ally Bank from certain legacy capital and
liquidity requirements, including
the commitment to maintain a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 15%.
Ally has meaningfully transformed both its operations and balance
sheet since becoming a public company and
this development completes the
process of normalizing our regulatory framework, allowing us to optimize our capital and funding structure on a level playing field with other U.S. banks.
Financially, 2017 was a tremendous year for the company
as we continued to execute our strategy, including the retirement of $4.4 billion of high cost bonds without issuing new institutional unsecured debt. We leveraged our growing customer base and strong brand awareness to increase total deposits by more than $14 billion in 2017, allowing us to substantially reduce our wholesale funding footprint. At the end of 2017, we had more than $93 billion of total deposits, placing us among the top 15 banks based on domestic interest bearing deposits. Our adjusted tangible book value (Adj. Tangible Book Value)2 has increased more than $6 per share since we went public in 2014, as we generated strong earnings and reduced share count through accretive stock buybacks. Adjusted earnings per share (Adj. EPS)2 was $2.39 in 2017, the highest since our IPO, and is expected to accelerate in the coming years.
In addition to our financial and operational accomplishments, I remain very encouraged by the external tailwinds that
I believe will be incrementally positive for Ally in 2018, including a lower corporate tax rate, the potential for a more constructive regulatory backdrop for financial institutions, and strong macroeconomic conditions. These developments provide me with increased confidence to invest in our people, our businesses, and our communities, while also allowing for increased returns to shareholders.
Our vision of Ally – a customer-centric digital bank offering
a range of innovative and competitive products through
an exceptional customer experience, is a simple yet powerful proposition. During 2017, we laid the groundwork for what such a digitally-oriented and diversified bank should look like. In 2018, this foundation, along with our unique brand and our relentless commitment to “Do it Right” by our customers, positions us favorably to continue on our financial path and drive attractive returns for our owners.
 1 The Ally CashBack Credit Card is issued by TD Bank N.A.
2 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2017 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.

2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
  ALLY DELIVERED STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS IN 2017, INCLUDING
THE HIGHEST NET REVENUE AND ADJUSTED EPS* SINCE BECOMING
A PUBLIC COMPANY.
Net interest margin expanded by 8 basis points to 2.71% as declines in lease revenue were more than offset by higher retail and commercial auto loan yields. The increase in yields, along with asset growth and higher deposit funding, resulted in full year net financing revenue of $4.2 billion,
up $314 million compared to the prior year. Ally’s earning assets expanded over $5 billion, while keeping risk-weighted assets flat, demonstrating both strong loan growth and efficient capital allocation.
RETAIL deposit growth
                    We saw continued progress across our key financial metrics
in 2017, notably an 11% increase in Adj. EPS* from $2.16
per share to $2.39 per share. Adj. Tangible Book Value*
increased nearly $2 per share from $26.15 at the end of
2016 to $28.07 at the end of 2017, driven primarily by strong
earnings and a 6.4% reduction in our outstanding share 2016 count. Our Adj. Efficiency Ratio* of 45.8% in 2017 continues
ADJUSTED EPS*
$2.00
TOTAL NET REVENUE
 2015
2017
$2.16 $2.39
  to trend favorably versus other banks as we leverage our digital platform, with higher revenue largely offsetting
the investments made in new product expansion and IT infrastructure. These factors are critical to growing a sticky customer base and maintaining our leading position in an increasingly competitive digital financial services landscape.
Ally’s funding optimization efforts, focused on increasing
deposits and minimizing wholesale markets funding, made
tremendous strides during 2017. Total deposit growth for
the year was $14.2 billion while retail deposits increased
$11.3 billion. The performance of our deposit franchise was 2017 impressive, and we will continue to leverage our strong
position in online banking to drive efficient deposit growth in the future.
$4.9B $5.4B
$5.8B
 2015 2016
  * Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2017 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.
2 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 AUTOMOTIVE FINANCE
Ally’s auto finance business successfully navigated shifting industry dynamics to deliver solid financial results in 2017, while laying the groundwork for earnings growth in 2018 and beyond. The auto business saw strong growth in net financing revenue driven by the expansion of earning asset yields. Estimated retail auto originated yield* increased 42 basis points in 2017 to
6.24% while commercial auto asset yields improved 46 basis points year-over-year. Importantly, we’ve expanded retail and commercial loan margins without making any meaningful changes to our risk profile, with the weighted average FICO
score on new retail originations increasing slightly in 2017. Over the past two years, as the lease portfolio and residual risk have declined, we’ve deliberately and methodically transitioned to a full credit spectrum retail auto finance portfolio mix that prioritizes risk-adjusted returns over volume. This transition is now largely complete, and we expect less year-over-year variability in provision for loan losses while retail auto portfolio yields continue to migrate higher.
Our operating lease portfolio at the end of 2017 was less than $9.0 billion, relative to $19.5 billion three years ago, as we’ve redeployed that capital to our diversified loan portfolio. While our lease portfolio has declined, we still maintain a differentiated lease business with competitive advantages in both residual setting and remarketing, through our SmartAuction platform, and we remain comfortable with this reallocation of risk within our auto portfolio.
Complementing our retail auto finance franchise, our commercial auto business maintains relationships with more than 18,000 dealers across all 50 states, providing a broad range of end-to- end solutions and deep industry experience. Our vehicle floorplan finance business, which accounts for approximately 85% of our commercial auto loan portfolio, benefited from higher asset yields and elevated balances in 2017, driving commercial auto revenue up $238 million year-over-year to $1.3 billion. Additionally, 2017 marks the sixth consecutive year in which commercial auto portfolio losses have been less than or equal to one basis point, demonstrating both the strength of our dealer customers and our associates’ risk management expertise.
1000+ 500-999 250-499
100-249 1-99
* Estimated retail auto originated yield is a forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure determined by calculating the estimated average annualized yield for loans originated during the period.
3 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
INSURANCE
Our insurance business had an excellent year, increasing 2017 pre-tax income by 7% while introducing new products and diversifying its dealer customer base. Total written premiums increased $48 million to $996 million and we continue to excel operationally. Notably, we were awarded a long-term commitment as the preferred vehicle service contract and protection plan provider for GM Canada. Ally’s insurance offerings are important for our dealer customers, providing commercial products as well as
retail products to improve profitability and bring customers back to the dealership. The win with GM Canada, and our impressive financial results, validate our strategy and provide momentum heading into 2018.
MORTGAGE FINANCE
Ally’s mortgage business saw total net revenue increase by $39 million to $136 million in 2017 as total assets increased by $3.4 billion, driven by bulk mortgage purchases. Expenses increased year-over-year as we continue to expand and refine Ally Home, our direct-to-consumer mortgage business, which launched at the end of 2016. While still
in its infancy, our ability to deliver a mortgage product at attractive rates is important to our customers and will help to produce deeper and stickier relationships.
4 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
CORPORATE FINANCE
Since its founding nearly 20 years ago, Ally’s corporate finance business has leveraged deep industry experience and a strong network of relationships to deliver impressive risk-adjusted returns. We invested in the business in 2017, growing headcount and establishing new industry verticals, such as healthcare real estate, and we have already seen improved results. Pre-tax income for 2017 was $114 million, up $43 million versus 2016, and total loans increased by $0.8 billion to $4.0 billion, as we continue to take market share and prudently expand the franchise. The business, which focuses primarily on secured investments near the top of the capital structure, has experienced an average annual net charge-off rate of less than 0.15% over the past 10 years.

 2017 HIGHLIGHTS
DIVERSIFIED AND EXPANDED BUSINESSES
Ally made significant strides in diversifying its consumer and commercial product offerings in 2017. Our efforts in 2016, including the acquisition of TradeKing, subsequently rebranded Ally Invest, and the introduction of a credit card and mortgage product, provided an initial foundation for added revenue diversification. During 2017, we worked hard to refine and improve these products and bring to market a cohesive product suite that directly responded to the needs of our customers. We remain in the early stages, but the market opportunity is massive and the benefit for our customers is clear. Over the past year, we’ve more than doubled the number of customers using multiple Ally products.
Within auto finance, we continue to build upon our nearly 100 years of experience by introducing innovative products and expanding into new channels. In early 2017, we introduced Clearlane, an online auto lender exchange, expanding Ally’s direct-to-consumer capabilities and providing an end-to-end digital platform for consumers seeking financing and dealers looking to drive online sales. As the auto industry continues to evolve, Ally has taken advantage of new opportunities by forging new partnerships
with emerging players in the digital channel. With shifting consumer and commercial demands within auto finance, Ally is committed to remaining on the frontlines of responding to our customers, as we’ve done since
our founding.
ACHIEVED OUR TARGETS
Early in 2017, we provided shareholders with targets for key metrics, and I’m very pleased that we met or exceeded those targets across the board. Our results reflect consistent growth, prudent risk management, and significant progress on our path to becoming a substantially deposit-funded institution. From a profitability perspective, our Core ROTCE* of 9.8% and Adj. EPS* growth of 11% were in line with our targets. Our Adj. Efficiency Ratio* of 45.8% is among the best in the banking industry and reflects our balanced approach to expense management - controlling costs while still supporting key businesses and infrastructure initiatives. During 2017, we were successful in optimizing retail auto risk-adjusted returns over volumes, while holding the line on asset quality, as evidenced by our retail auto net charge-offs
of 1.48%, relative to our 1.40% to 1.60% target. Lastly, our deposit growth was exceptional, increasing $14.2 billion versus our $12+ billion target, driven by expanding existing relationships and adding nearly 200 thousand
new customers.
ALLY AUTO
insurance
ALLY HOME
DEPOSITS
CASHBACK CARD
ally invest
* Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. These measures are used by management and we believe are useful to investors in assessing the company’s operating performance and capital. Refer to the 2017 Financial Tables later in this document for a Reconciliation to GAAP.
5 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
corporate finance

2017 HIGHLIGHTS
 RETURNED SIGNIFICANT CAPITAL TO SHAREHOLDERS
In our first full year returning capital to common shareholders since the IPO, we deployed $937 million of capital through share repurchases and common dividends. We received CCAR non- objection for the fourth year in a row. Relative to CCAR 2016, we increased our share repurchase authorization by 9%, while also increasing our common stock dividend from $0.08 in 2Q2017 to $0.12 in 3Q2017, and then to $0.13 in 1Q2018. We repurchased more than 34 million shares during 2017, reducing our outstanding share count by 6.4%, net of employee-related common stock grants. Efficient capital management is foundational to our financial success and will continue to represent an attractive opportunity to drive shareholder returns in 2018.
OUTSTANDING SHARE COUNT
 6/30/2016 12/31/2016 12/31/2017
483.8MM
467.0MM
  437.1MM
 RECORD DEPOSIT GROWTH
Replacing high cost unsecured debt with deposit funding is a critical component of our financial strategy. In addition to the $4.4 billion of unsecured debt that matured in 2017, the company has more than
$7 billion of unsecured debt maturing from the beginning of 2018 through the end of 2020. Ally increased retail and total deposits by $11.3 billion and $14.2 billion, respectively, in 2017, allowing the company to abstain from the institutional unsecured debt markets during the year. Our leading online deposit business is a core competitive differentiator and a driver
of customer loyalty, as evidenced by our 95% customer retention in 2017. Supporting our deposit growth is a unique brand that resonates with customers, particularly the millennial demographic, with brand awareness reaching 50% in 2017, our highest level ever. Our deposit products create deep and sustainable customer relationships, placing us in an enviable position as we expand into new products.
NORMALIZED REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The Federal Reserve lifting certain legacy capital and liquidity requirements for Ally Bank, including the commitment to maintain a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 15%, was a tremendous achievement for the company. Our ability to operate and fund ourselves on a
level playing field with other banks was previously constrained, and the removal of this commitment allows us to maximize the value
of our deposit franchise. The elimination of substantially all legacy regulatory commitments is a reflection of our strong governance and financial performance, and critical in setting the stage for our company to continue delivering on its financial and strategic goals.
    TO A
     6 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
 DeP
L
TS
t OS
i

L
E
LEADING THROUGH A DISTINCTIVE AND STRONG CULTURE
The foundation of our success lies in our culture, which has been a top priority of mine since becoming CEO over three years ago. I believe a strong culture serves as the foundation for strong operational results, which ultimately drives strong financial performance and enhanced long-term returns for
all the constituents we serve, notably our stockholders. At the core of our culture is an obsession with ‘Doing it Right’ for our customers and communities while exemplifying our LEAD core values day-in and day-out.
In 2017, Ally participated in a company-wide employee engagement survey and scored higher than the Financial Services industry benchmark. I believe an engaged workforce drives greater efficiency, greater customer service and greater profitability. While the results of this inaugural survey reflect an engaged and dedicated workforce, we will strive for even stronger results going forward as we continue to LEAD among financial institutions.
One essential element of instilling a strong culture is reflecting diverse perspectives. As such, Ally rolled out eight employee resources groups (ERGs) in 2017 to serve as a platform to create a workplace that values and gives voice to the many perspectives of Ally associates. Additionally, we expanded
our diversity & inclusion platform by establishing a Diversity Council and redesigning employee and manager training and
2017 ACCOLADES:
Best Companies to work Best Place to Work by
for Women and Millennials Charlotte Business Journal by Women’s Choice Award
curriculum, all with the ultimate goal of continuing to foster an inclusive environment.
As we work to ensure our culture remains aligned with our relentless focus on customers, communities, associates and shareholders, we will continue to invest in our people and build upon the collaborative, diverse, and engaged environment that we have today. As a customer-centric organization, our talent is one of our most important assets and we provide progressive benefits through our Total Rewards program, which includes benefits such as 100% pay for both mothers and fathers for up to 12 weeks of parental leave, robust health and wellness offerings, and various career development opportunities, all of which are aimed at enriching the lives of our associates both at work and outside of it. I’m very proud that Ally was named one of the “Best Banks to Work For” by American Banker in 2017, a program designed to recognize outstanding places of employment in the US banking sector.
All companies experience business and economic cycles, technological disruption, and demographic shifts – and we are currently at the crossroads of all these rapidly accelerating forces. Ally’s strong culture and passionate associate base allow us to continue to innovate and serve our customers
at the highest level.
A
D
        LOOK EXTERNALLY
EXECUTE WITH EXCELLENCE
ACT WITH PROFESSIONALISM
DELIVER RESULTS
                                           7 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
Cool Places to Work
Best Places to Work by Human Rights Campaign
 
COMMITTED TO OUR COMMUNITIES
OUR CULTURE IS CENTERED ON BEING AN ALLY – TO OUR COLLEAGUES, OUR CUSTOMERS AND OUR COMMUNITIES
This commitment to enabling progress and making a positive social impact is why Ally strives to support and strengthen the communities where we live and work. In addition
to utilizing our corporate philanthropy efforts to make meaningful and sustainable differences in our communities, Ally employees help thousands of individuals across the country through donations of time, goods and dollars.
STRATEGIC AND EMPLOYEE GIVING
When Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit in late 2017, Ally employees quickly mobilized to support the communities most impacted by the devastating storms. In addition to employee and corporate donations and distribution of hygiene kits, Ally offered temporary relief to customers, including fee waivers and reversals, loan extensions, and ATM fee reimbursements, among other services intended to help impacted customers. However, the true spirit of Ally’s LEAD core values was exemplified through individual stories, including the many employees who used their personal boats for search-and-rescue missions and delivery of food and medicine to flooded areas.
Ally’s strategic giving program supports charitable organizations across the country that address critical needs in the areas of community services, affordable housing and financial literacy. In 2017, Ally funded initiatives that helped address food insecurity, homelessness, job training and mentoring, financial education, foreclosure counseling and community revitalization.
 11%
Health
CORPORATE GRANT DISTRIBUTION
8%
7% Youth Housing
36%
Community Services
  8 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
38%
Education & Financial Literacy
 
FINANCIAL LITERACY
Ally Wallet Wise is a free financial education program that teaches consumers the basics of personal finance. Through this program, we partner with community organizations across the country to offer local, in-person sessions, as well as online courses at no cost to consumers. Topics covered include Credit, Budget, Banking & Investing and Automotive. Since launching in 2011, Ally Wallet Wise has provided free financial education to more than 107,000 consumers. An extension of Ally Wallet Wise is a children’s book that we created called ‘Planet Zee and the Money Tree,’ which teaches money concepts to children ages 6-10. In 2017, Ally associates read this book to more than 21,000 children in schools across the country.
In addition to Ally’s Wallet Wise program, we work closely with organizations such as Junior Achievement, JumpStart, National Council on Economic Education and the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago’s Money Smart Week to promote financial education. In 2017, approximately 700 employees volunteered more than 2,500 hours teaching financial education in partnership with these organizations.
  SUPPORTING AUTOMOTIVE DEALERS NATIONWIDE
• Auto dealerships represent a critical part of the US economy and Ally is proud to have supported these small businesses for nearly 100 years.
• Ally has approximately $37 billion of outstanding loans to auto dealers and we provided more than $1.5 million to more than 500 charities in support of dealer relationships during 2017.
• For the 7th year in a row, Ally has partnered with Time magazine on the “Dealer of the Year” award to honor new-car dealers in America who exhibit exceptional performance in their dealerships and perform distinguished community service.
Ally donated school supplies to underserved students in Detroit and Charlotte
Ally employees volunteered nearly 17,000 hours with charitable organizations during 2017 and approximately
45 percent of the employee population participated in
giving back through a donation and/or volunteering. The culmination of Ally’s employee giving program is Giving Back Month, which occurs each November, and includes an additional matching contribution on employee donations. Giving Back Month celebrated its six year anniversary in 2017, featuring more than 175 unique volunteer and fundraising events. Collectively, these efforts resulted in donations, including Ally’s company match, of more than $800,000 and nearly 6,000 volunteer hours.
9 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
 
SPOTLIGHT ON INNOVATION
FINANCIAL SERVICES IS A RAPIDLY EVOLVING SECTOR THAT HAS EXPERIENCED SIGNIFICANT DIGITAL DISRUPTION.
As one of the original disruptors in online banking, Ally has a deep and intrinsic commitment to innovation that has been critical to our success.
We’ve recently invested in our direct and digital lending capabilities within our auto business, including the introduction of Clearlane, while focusing on developing and expanding relationships with new online emerging entrants. These relationships allow us to offer financing and insurance products in more of the places where consumers are purchasing vehicles.
We continue to leverage technology to enhance the customer banking experience, providing more tools to allow our customers to make smarter, faster and more calculated financial decisions. In early 2017, we introduced the Ally
Card Controls app, designed to give customers more
control of their Ally Bank debit card by allowing customers to define when, where and how their card is used and
view transactions, establish spending limits, and manage notifications. Additionally, we rolled out the Ally Skill for Alexa, providing customers a quick and easy way to access and manage their Ally Bank accounts using an Amazon® Alexa-enabled device. In addition to simplifying everyday banking tasks, Ally was the first bank to offer voice-activated
"ALEXA, OPEN ALLY."
Amazon, Alexa, and all related logos and motion marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
internal and external transfers between accounts via Alexa. The Ally Skill also includes CurrenSeeSM, a customer feature that helps consumers make more informed purchase decisions by converting the price of any item a customer plans to buy into the number of working hours it will take to earn the amount.
Our organizational commitment to embracing innovation
is founded in our obsession with bringing our customers
the best digital banking experience possible. In order to
stay on the forefront of emerging financial technology, we launched Ally Ventures, an experienced team of professionals that explores opportunities to engage and work with businesses that align with our strategic objectives. We
help these young businesses grow through investment, commercial relationships and mentorship with access to a broad range of resources. To that end, we've partnered with three financial technology accelerator programs to identify commercial opportunities and investments at earlier stages of development.
     10 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
Ally Card Controls App
 
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
 DO RIGHT BY OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Looking forward, we remain focused on the ingredients of delivering strong long-term shareholder returns and we will continue to invest in the brand, build scale in our products, optimize our capital deployment, and do more for our customers. 2017 was a great year for Ally shareholders and we will leverage the progress we’ve made and the momentum we’ve created to raise the bar in 2018. We’ve built a diverse and inclusive digital financial services company with a unique culture and a steadfast dedication to ‘Doing it Right.’ The strong foundation we’ve built, coupled with lower corporate tax rates, the digitalization of banking, and favorable demographic trends, make it an exciting time to be an Ally stakeholder.
In closing, I want to express my gratitude and appreciation to the Board of Directors for their support, unwavering commitment, and strategic guidance. At the cornerstone of our success, I want to thank our talented associates and senior leadership team for their passion and commitment to excellence.
Lastly, thank you to all fellow shareholders for your continued support of Ally – you have our commitment to deliver long-term value to each of you.
INVEST IN THE BRAND
BUILD SCALE IN THE PRODUCTS
OPTIMIZE CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT
DO MORE
FOR OUR CUSTOMERS
     JEFFREY J. BROWN
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
160 150 140 130 120 110 100
90 80
2017 TOTAL RETURN COMPARISON*
CONTINUED EARNINGS GROWTH
+56%
+22% +19%
                                                        KBW Bank Index
* Calculation reflects 2017 stock performance assuming dividends are reinvested in each respective stock or index
S&P 500 Index
Ally
   11 ALLY 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
 Index Value
12/31/16
1/31/17
2/28/17
3/31/17
4/30/17
5/31/17
6/30/17
7/31/17
8/31/17
9/30/17
10/31/17
11/30/17
12/31/17
