From the CEO

Dear Shareholders,

2015 marked another successful step in Ally's journey. We delivered strong financial performance, exceeded our operational targets, maintained a leading position in digital financial services and began planting seeds for the future. "Ally's spirit of innovation has The past year presented opportunities to been a connective demonstrate the strength and agility of our auto finance franchise as we continued to expand our thread that drives the adaptability and active dealer network to over 17,500 relationships and to establish new financing partnerships with marketplace success of our franchises." automakers and online auto retailers.
Ally's direct banking subsidiary, Ally Bank, crossed over $55 billion in retail deposits from more than 1.1 million primary customers. We drove greater efficiency in gathering those deposits and continued to achieve high marks from our customers on service and product offerings.

Jeff Brown, CEO

Ally's operational and financial foundation is stronger than ever, and when combined with our innovative and customer-centric culture, we believe we have built an attractive business model that has and continues to deliver results for our shareholders.

2015 Financial Results*
Last year's performance reflected the fundamental strength of our operations, the momentum underway and the successful execution of the multi-year plan to improve profitability. Ally reported full year net income of $1.3 billion for 2015, increasing 12 percent from the prior year. Core pretax income, excluding repositioning items, also improved 11 percent compared to 2014 and totaled $1.8 billion. We reported full year adjusted earnings per share of $2.00, an increase of 19 percent from the prior year. Adjusted tangible book value continued to increase, as well ­ up nearly $2.00 per share from 2014 and more than $4.50 per share in the past two years. We also achieved sustainable returns and improved efficiency and made notable progress on the normalization of our capital structure. In 2015, we redeemed all of the Series G preferred securities. In addition to helping normalize Ally's capital structure, their redemption will drive improved financial performance in the future and supports Ally's objective of initiating a common stock dividend and share repurchase program in 2016.

2015 Financial Highlights
Net income: $1.3 billion Adjusted earnings per share: $2.00

Auto: $41 billion in originations

Deposits: $7.5 billion in retail deposit growth

* Certain metrics presented are non-GAAP financial measures, including core pre-tax income, adjusted tangible book value, adjusted EPS, and Core ROTCE. Refer to page 4 for reconciliations to GAAP.

I

We also achieved a return on tangible common equity (ROTCE) of more than 9 percent, improving more than 150 basis points year-over-year. Likewise, we achieved our stated efficiency target of the mid-40 percent range for 2015, which drove positive operating leverage. Contributing in part to this improvement was the removal of approximately $300 million in controllable expenses over the past two years. Operationally, Ally's results in 2015 were nothing short of exceptional, with the company exceeding targets for retail deposit growth and auto originations. Our auto finance business posted $41 billion in originations and is more diversified than ever, with the shift of capital from the incentivized and lease business toward retail auto contracts becoming a significant contributor toward consistent earnings. Ally is building a successful business for the long term. We take great

pride in the pristine composition of our balance sheet, the diversified nature of our funding profile and adaptability of our operations to pursue thoughtful opportunities as shifts in the marketplace occur. Retail deposits also continued to grow, driving greater funding efficiency and stability, and our expanding base of loyal customers presents future opportunities to broaden and deepen our relationships. Our corporate finance business also made strides, growing its average portfolio balances by 30 percent during the year and expanding into the technology sector. As I step back and look at these accomplishments in total ­ solid profitability, achievement of sustainable returns, removal of legacy capital instruments, and exceptional operational results ­ I am proud to say that we have successfully achieved the

key objectives we set forth two years ago during our initial public offering and kept the promises made to our shareholders.

Customers
At the core of our strength as a company is the relentless focus we put on our customers ­ delivering competitive products, offering a high level of service and working to be their ally. This customer-centric philosophy is a cornerstone of our success and has led to a consistently growing base of customers. Since 2010, we have posted a compounded annual customer growth rate of 7 percent, and in 2015, we reached in excess of 5.5 million customers. This base of customers offers significant potential for the future, as currently there is little product overlap between our deposit and auto customers. We believe there is potential to deepen these relationships and introduce these consumers to broader Ally offerings to meet their financial needs. Ally is also attracting a growing number of millennial customers with 47 percent of our new deposit customers falling into this demographic group and comprising 24 percent of our overall customer base. This is an important population in financial services, as their personal finance needs increase and generational wealth transfers occur. As a leader in digital financial services, Ally is well positioned with millennial customers, particularly as their need for both credit and deposit products increases. From an auto dealer perspective, Ally has grown its base of active dealers by 5 percent over the last year to about 17,500 dealers, and nearly 25 percent of these dealers currently use more than four of our products. Our approximately 11,000 Growth Channel dealers represent a substantial part of our overall active dealer network and reflect a broad range of nameplates.

Building a Better Financial Services Company
Customers
· Expanded active dealer network by 750+ to 17,500 dealers · Built Ally Bank's loyal deposit customer base to 1.1 million · Ranked Best Online Bank by MONEY® Magazine for fifth year

Innovation
· Working with online auto retailers and dealers to offer digital auto financing options · Launched mobile virtual assistant, Ally Assist, for deposit customers · Sold more than 5 million vehicles on SmartAuction internet auction since inception · Introduced Ally Premier Protection, our industryleading vehicle protection plan

Culture & Community
· Driving a distinctive culture of innovation, adaptability, creativity and inclusion · Provided free financial education to 80,000+ consumers via Ally Wallet Wise program · In 2015, Ally employees volunteered approximately 7,400 hours with nonprofits across the U.S.

II

Looking to the Future 

Approximately one-third of Ally's total originations in 2015 were from the Growth Channel and each year our number of relationships, as well as contracts per month from this group, have increased. Our high-tech and high-touch business model is key to building, retaining and expanding these relationships over time, and that model applies to brick-and-mortar dealerships, as well as online marketplaces. We are paying careful attention to customer behaviors and changes in preferences to not only shop, but also finance a vehicle online.

Capitalize on the shift toward t d digital di it l fi financial i l services

Ensure our businesses are adaptable d t bl to t new market k t dynamics and consumer trends

Participate in thoughtful customer expansion t i opportunities in 2016

a bid. The wholesale version of the SmartAuction platform crossed over 5 million sales in 2015, and we believe this digital platform has even greater potential in the broader marketplace. As we evaluated opportunities for additional consumer financing products, we started first by listening to our customers. Among the most requested new products by Ally customers are a credit card and mortgage. In 2016, we will launch both of these offerings with the same customer friendly approach that consumers expect from Ally. The credit card is expected mid-year, and the mortgage offering will follow later in the year and offer asset diversification and some earnings growth. We will not retain the mortgage servicing rights and will have limited rep and warrant risk. Our auto business will still be at the heart of what we do, and we continue to evaluate additional product and service opportunities. Our approach to product diversification is to deliver offerings that deepen and expand our customer relationships, while also being good stewards of capital and taking steps that drive shareholder returns over time.

Innovation
Ally's spirit of innovation has been a connective thread that drives the adaptability and marketplace success of our franchises. We were the original disrupter in online banking, and the breadth and depth of our approach to the indirect auto finance business has been unmatched and a defining force in the industry. As digitization continues to transform the financial services marketplace, Ally is uniquely positioned. We have a leading marketplace standing in digital financial services, a brand and business model that support the trend in consumer preferences, and the safety and soundness of a bank. As we look ahead, we will be making incremental investments in products and technology that continue to evolve the business and drive shareholder returns over time. This includes building our capabilities to support the move toward digital interfaces in the auto buying process, both from a dealer and consumer perspective. Over the past year, Ally has forged relationships with online auto retailers Beepi and Carvana, as well as began to explore a pilot of a consumer-to-business adaptation of our leading digital auto auction. This platform would enable consumers to post and sell their vehicle to dealers who placed

In addition to the operational opportunities ahead, we also have financial opportunities that will drive results. Ally will have lower preferred dividends going forward as a result of the capital actions in 2015, and we will continue to benefit from increased levels of bank funding. We also aim to initiate a dividend and share buyback program in 2016, pending regulatory approval. On the regulatory front, Ally Bank was recently approved to become a state member bank, thereby simplifying the company's regulatory structure by having a single federal regulator for both the parent and the banking subsidiary. This is a key step that will enable Ally to have a regulatory environment more in line with institutions of our size and scope. We are committed to continuing to raise the bar and drive strong results along a number of dimensions and build this company to be successful through a variety of economic and market cycles. While we are pleased with our results in 2015, we are energized by the opportunities that are ahead for 2016 and beyond. I am honored to lead this great company and know we have planted the seeds to ensure a bright future for our customers, employees and shareholders. Thank you for your continued support of Ally. 

Value Creation
As we focus on making Ally a great company, we know part of that is also making it a great investment. Our goal for 2016 is to deliver earnings per share growth of approximately 15 percent and a core ROTCE of between 10 and 12 percent.

Jeffrey Brown Chief Executive Officer

III

