                                    President’s Letter
Dear Shareholder,
What a difference a year can make.
2009 began with our sales dropping nearly 50% in the first quarter, and with customers and suppliers being squeezed from two ends - by the market’s very low demand and by the credit crunch. Both GM and Chrysler were saved by loans from the government to prevent them from dragging down their suppliers and sub-suppliers like a chain of dominos with unforeseeable
consequences to the economy.
Despite this start to the year, less than
one year later, we recorded a sales in- crease of 40% for the fourth quarter and an operating margin which would have been the highest in nine years if we had not taken exceptionally high restructuring charges during the quarter. As a result, we were able to keep Autoliv’s track record of uninterrupted full-year profits. This was de- spite restructuring charges of $133 million and sales dropping by 21% (correspond- ing to a loss of revenue of $1.4 billion from the 2008 level).
We also succeeded in limiting negative cash flows to one quarter and in fact re- ported a full-year free cash flow (i.e. cash flow after capital expenditure) that was our third highest ever.
Thus, the year ended far more posi- tively than it started and with a brighter outlook.
Early Action Plan
An important factor in our remarkable turn- around was the early initiation of our ac- tion program. We announced it already in July 2008 after having seen some worry- ing signs from China at the beginning of the summer.
When we announced our program, we 6 AUTOLIV ANNUAL REPORT 2009
did not foresee how severe the crisis would become, and we were even criticized for exaggerating. However, in September when the crisis exploded after the Lehman Broth- ers bankruptcy, we were well positioned to expand and accelerate our already initiat- ed activities.
“Now when we can look back at 2009, I am pleased to say that we not only accomplished all three of our objectives but also exceeded our initial goals”
By being ahead of the curve we succeed- ed, already within nine months, in adjust- ing headcount by almost 10,000 – or close to 25%. This quick reduction was partly aided by Autoliv having a higher ra- tio of temporary workers than at the start of the last industry slow down in 2001. But more importantly, we were helped by a decade of continuous investments in flexible manufacturing processes in low- cost countries (LCC) rather than investing in capital-intensive automated lines in high-cost countries.
This manufacturing and LCC strategy not only increased our flexibility when the crisis hit, but it also enabled us to take advantage of growth opportunities as vehicle demand began to recover in the second quarter in
China and India. As a result, our organic sales in China grew by 59% in 2009, 11 per- centage points more than the Chinese light vehicle production.
The booming Chinese market now rep- resents 9% of our global sales compared to 4% in 2008. The “Rest of the World” region, which is mainly emerging markets in Asia, now accounts for 18% of our global sales compared to only 9% five years ago.
This provides a solid platform for contin- ued sales expansion in the coming years.
Staying ahead
Early in the year, we set three financial ob- jectives for 2009 in response to the finan- cial crisis and the crisis in the automotive in- dustry. These objectives would enable us to “stay ahead of the curve”. They were:
1. Defend our “investment grade” credit rating.
2. Ensure that all credit facilities remain free of financial covenants.
3. Enable participation in a likely industry consolidation from a position of strength.
At the end of 2008 and beginning of 2009, there were several rounds of downgrades of credit ratings in the automotive indus- try. This also affected our company which was downgraded one notch in November 2008 and two notches in February 2009. Another round of downgrades would have dropped us into “non-investment grade” territory. This could have compromised our ability to issue commercial paper. We therefore thought it prudent to further strengthen Autoliv’s equity base. At the time, Autoliv had nearly $900 million in

                                   cash and unutilized credit facilities com- pared to maturing debt for the rest of the year of less than $330 million. Thus, we had no lack of liquidity – unlike many oth- er automotive companies.
Secondly, thanks to our strong focus on life-saving research and development, we were well positioned to receive long-term fi- nancing on favorable terms from the Euro- pean Investment Bank, EIB. However, we were not prepared to give in on our policy of not accepting credit with financial cove- nants. And, as previously mentioned, our li- quidity position was strong.
Thirdly, the financial crisis and the cri- sis in the automotive industry could lead to a shake-out of competitors, and we did not want to miss such a unique industry consolidation opportunity. In addition, a strong balance sheet had become a com- petitive advantage when vehicle manufac- turers were awarding new business due to their increasing number of distressed suppliers.
As a result of our share repurchase program, Autoliv had treasury shares that could be used to further strengthen the Company’s equity base, thereby provid- ing good prerequisites for fulfilling our three financial objectives for 2009. At the end of March, we therefore raised $377 million, net in equity and equity units (see page 38).
Now when we can look back at 2009, I am pleased to say that we not only ac- complished all three of our objectives but also exceeded our initial goals. Conse- quently, we not only succeeded in moving to a “stable” from a “negative” outlook that Standard and Poor’s had on our credit rat- ing, but we were also upgraded. In No-
“And we had the financial muscle thanks to the equity offering”
vember, we became the first automotive company with an investment grade to ac- complish a rating upgrade since the start of the financial crisis.
I am also pleased with the terms of the loan commitment we succeeded in receiv- ing from EIB towards the end of the year. Not only is this commitment without finan- cial covenants, as all of our other major debt, but the commitment gives us the op- tion to utilize it within a period of 18 months. In addition, the EIB loans will have very long maturities; up to 10 years for those with the longest life.
Industry Consolidation
Finally, not only did the industry consoli- dation come about as expected, but Au- toliv was awarded virtually all of the con- tracts that were re-sourced. Thus, we became the winner in the industry consol- idation process.
This process started in May, when Del- phi announced that it would exit the market for airbag, seatbelt and steering wheel prod- ucts. Since acquisitions are an integral part of our growth strategy, we decided to take an active role in this industry consolidation process. And we had the financial “muscle”
AUTOLIV ANNUAL REPORT 2009 7

                                    President’s Letter
“The fact that Autoliv was able to do this in the midst of a severe crisis is important, because our competitors have seemingly not been able to afford such an aggressive move”
thanks to the equity offering.
In December, we were awarded Delphi’s
contracts in North America and Europe and concurrently acquired their assets for these products. Then, at the beginning of 2010, we also agreed to acquire virtually all of their remaining assets for passive safety. These assets are located in Korea and China for the attractive Asian market.
The Delphi contracts which have or will be transferred to Autoliv, represent annual sales of $400 million. These operations should be profitable already in 2010, even including the restructuring costs that we will take to fully capitalize on this strategic move, which will, in one stroke, increase our sales to Hyundai/KIA to 7% from 4% of total sales and increase our global market share to just above 35%.
We thereby succeeded in increasing Au- toliv’s market leading position.
Safety for Small Cars
We also advanced Autoliv’s leadership po- sition by increasing our investment in re- search and development projects for en- hanced safety in small cars (see page 19). Field data indicates that small cars have twice the fatality rate of larger vehicles. Consequently, there is a risk that the cur- rent vehicle consumer trend could lead to a reversal in the automotive safety im- provements of fewer deaths and injuries
achieved over the past 20-30 years. In or- der to prevent this from happening, we now devote 30% of Autoliv’s budget for re- search and development to enhancing safety of small vehicles.
The fact that Autoliv was able to do this in the midst of a severe crisis is important, because our competitors have seemingly not been able to afford such an aggressive move.
Outlook
During 2010, we expect to continue to out- perform the market by growing sales or- ganically by 10-15% when global light ve- hicle production (LVP) is expected to grow by 11%. This is despite an expected de- cline of 3% in LVP in Western Europe, where we generate approximately 40% of revenues.
Currently, acquisitions are expected to add approximately 3% and currency effects approximately 3%, provided that the ex- change rates at the end of January prevail. We therefore expect consolidated sales for 2010 to grow by 15-20%.
This excludes any effect of the agreed- upon acquisition of Delphi operati- ons in Asia. The third step in our Delphi acquisitions, which is expected to be com- pleted by the end of March, could add al- most 5% to our quarterly sales.
We expect operating margin to contin-
ue to improve in 2010 and reach a level in line with our long-term margin target range of 8-9%.
The fact that we, within less than two years, expect to be able to reach this tar- get is a testimony to our employees’ hard work. For this I would like to extend a sin- cere “thank you” to all of them. During a very difficult year, they have established a solid ground for coming years.
Therefore, it is not only a year that makes a difference. It is our employees that make the difference: people that have made our company emerge from the crisis as a winner.
Yours sincerely,
Jan Carlson
Stockholm, Sweden, February 19, 2010
 8 AUTOLIV ANNUAL REPORT 2009
