 06 AUTOLIV2014/PRESIDENTSLETTER
 Dear Shareholder,
2014 was another year of solid and consistent execution of our core strategies. We exceeded our expectations from the beginning of the year and delivered solid growth and margins as well as record shareholder returns. Last but not least we estimate that our products saved more than 30,000 people’s lives.
Organic sales grew by over 6% in a year in which the global light vehicle production grew by just over 3%. This was the second consecutive year in which Autoliv outgrew the global light vehicle production two-to-one. Active safety had very strong growth of 45%, virtually reaching our 2015 sales target of $500 million one year ahead of the plan announced in late 2011. We returned a record $811 mil- lion to our shareholders through our regular quarterly dividends and share buybacks. Our common stock reached all-time high levels on both the New York Stock Exchange and the Swedish NASDAQ OMX. On an adjusted basis, we had record operating income and an adjusted operating margin of more than 9%.
The ability to show this type of steady performance in uncertain times is a result of the dedication, teamwork and commitment to quality shown by our 60,000 Autoliv associates. I would like to thank every member of our global team for the strong contributions to a success- ful year in the Company’s history.
QUALITY IS OUR FIRST PRIORITY
During 2014, quality has been more in focus than ever before in the automotive industry. A record number of recalls have led to a situa- tion where the need for replacement parts has challenged the whole industry.
In one particular case there is a need to replace millions of air- bag inflators from another manufacturer over the coming years. We are supporting the industry in this effort, increasing our capacity for airbag inflator production.
For Autoliv quality has always been our number one priority and we continue to sharpen our focus in this area. We are proud of our quality track record. With a 37% market share in passive safety we have been part of only about 2% of recalls related to our part of the market since 2010. This makes us number one in quality in our
market, but we can always do more. For 2015, our particular quality focus is on zero defects, executing on the details that allow further steps in process and production excellence.
OUR GROWTH STRATEGY
Our organic growth in 2014 and the two previous years shows that our strategy of investing for growth is paying off.
China and active safety have been our growth engines in the previ- ous three years. A specific characteristic for 2014 was the fact that growth did not only come from these areas. We also reported solid regional growth of over 6% for both Europe and the Americas. The ability to grow in a balanced way is a strength for the Company and a result of having one third of the Company’s sales in Europe, Asia and the Americas each. This is the effect of a long-term globalization strategy for Autoliv that historically had a strong home base in Europe.
In active safety, we have now grown by more than 40% for three consecutive years, outperforming the underlying market. We have communicated our intention to have $1 billion in active safety sales in 2019, indicating further growth in this area. The technological development in active safety will over the coming years lead to in- creased automation and ultimately at some point in the future, safety for autonomously driven cars. We intend to be one of the leaders of this development.
In 2014, we also increased our efforts in research and develop- ment, where for the first time spending passed the $0.5 billion mark. This is largely a reflection of the strategy to continue to further build our position and create new solutions in the area of active safety, but also of the clear ambition to continue to be the innovation leader in passive safety.
In passive safety, we also keep investing in production capacity for growth and vertical integration. We need to support the future growth
SALES BY PRODUCT
US $ (Millions)
    LIGHT VEHICLE PRODUCTION
In millions units
~60M
2004
~99M ~86M
Other
China
Japan
Western Europe
North America
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
                 ~58M
~30M
~28M
~58M
Growth Markets
Developed Markets
                          ~41M
         2009
2014
2019
2013 2014
2010 Airbags1)
2011 2012
Seatbelts Active Safety
   Source: IHS January 16, 2015.
1) Includes sales of steering wheels, passive safety electronics and inflators

 AstaZero The world’s first full-scale test environment for future road safety.
07
 "Our future ambition is to save 150,000 people's lives every year. For us it's all about saving lives and creating value."
Jan Carlson, Chairman, President & CEO
 of the Company while increasing the amount of vertical integration in China in particular. The Company’s two largest investments to date, the propellant plant and textile center in China, both started produc- tion in 2014 and will both gradually increase their output during 2015.
In China, we have over the last few years grown our market share for our core products to over 35%. Our current market position to- gether with our continued investments gives us confidence in our long-term market leadership in the world’s number one car manu- facturing country.
RECORD SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
In 2014, we took significant steps in the execution of the plan originally outlined in May 2013. During the year we repurchased 6.2 million of the Company’s own shares for a total of $616 million. In addition, we paid regular dividends of $195 million, an increase of 8% per share. In total this led to record direct shareholder returns of $811 million. These actions were also significant steps towards our target leverage ratio range of 0.5 to 1.5 times net debt including pension liabilities to EBITDA. By the end of 2014, we were at a leverage ratio of 0.3 times after having a net cash position in the period from 2011 to 2013. We continue to adjust toward our target range in order to achieve an effective capital structure, and we strive to deliver solid returns to our owners.
FOCUS ON EXECUTION
At the beginning of the year we labelled 2014 a transition year. This included executing to address margin challenges from operations, particularly in Europe and Brazil, continuing to align our capacity footprint according to the market and continued vertical integration activities in China.
I am pleased to say that, although there is more to be done, we have been able to address most areas of transition according to plan. The exception is Brazil, where rapidly declining light vehicle produc- tion in 2014 made operational improvements a challenge. During this transition year we also kept our operating margin above 9% on an adjusted basis while also increasing our R&D spending with more than $45 million.
For 2015, we expect operating margin to improve, while at the same time we are again able to increase R&D spending in order to support further growth and innovation.
In August 2014, we took the next step in the Company’s development by launching a new operating structure in order to more effectively manage our business operations. The new structure, which became fully operational on January 1, 2015, consists of two business seg- ments: passive safety (including airbags and seatbelts) and electron- ics (including passive safety electronics and active safety). In addition to creating the right operational structure for the future, this change also reflects the increased importance of electronics for the Com- pany’s future.
OUTLOOK FOR 2015
In 2015, global LVP is expected by the market institute IHS to grow by more than 2%.
The expectation for Autoliv’s full year is for organic sales growth of more than 6%, which would mark the third consecutive year of our organic sales growth being at least double that of the global LVP. Consolidated sales are expected to grow by less than 1% as effects from currency translations are expected to be negative by almost 6%. The expectation for the adjusted operating margin is around 9.5%, excluding costs for capacity alignments and antitrust matters.
We look forward to a year with quality as our number one priority, solid execution as our daily focus and the rapid development in active safety as our most exciting challenge.
Our future ambition is to save 150,000 people’s lives every year. For us, it’s all about saving lives and creating value.
Yours sincerely,
Jan Carlson
Stockholm, February 19, 2015
For a discussion of the non-U.S. GAAP measure discussed above, see page 42.
 