[ making personal connections is at our core: a letter to the shareholders ]

Dear Shareholders,
Never has a company been so mindful of the past and so ready for the future as American Greetings is today. Now, more than ever, we are the very same company we've always been, and, at the same time, a brand new company we've never been before. We are a company that is marrying tradition with invention, creativity with practicality, and renovation with innovation. We have a proud past that draws upon dedication, innovation and old-fashioned hard work. From the very first penny postcards sold drugstore to drugstore in Cleveland by Jacob Sapirstein to today's technologically advanced interactive greetings, we've always understood how to help people connect with each other. While we explore new manufacturing technologies and cyberspace opportunities, our ability to enrich people's lives with meaning and beauty will always be at the core of whatever we do. That is why the past three years have been a time for thoughtful retrospection of our core values and rigorous inspection of our business practices. It has been a time for increased focus on our consumers, defining what we do best, and refining how we produce, market and deliver our products to our retailers. This last year, in particular, was one in which we focused primarily on improving our balance sheet. Our strong cash flow enabled us to pay off more than $180 million in debt and make improvements to our capital structure that will serve us well in the future. We expect to continue generating strong cash flow in fiscal 2005, which has enabled us to make a tender offer for our remaining high-yield debt. By the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2005, we expect to have reduced debt nearly $400 million within a 13-month period. This amount represents more than 40 percent of the debt that was outstanding when we began fiscal 2004. The last 18 months have also afforded us the opportunity to integrate our historic knowledge of social expression with new disciplines and management practices. To provide dedicated support for our strategic initiatives, we have assembled a strong group of associates from inside and outside the Corporation in the areas of finance, legal, operations, and sales and marketing. We are confident that the team we have in place can demonstrate the commitment, leadership and teamwork necessary to take us to the next level of success. So, while we are proud of the progress we have made, we expect to build upon our past achievements during the year ahead. As we strive

[

]

[2]

to reach our fiscal 2005 goals, we will continue to draw on the core values that have made us successful over the past 98 years: We respect tradition and inspire invention. We foster creativity and reward practicality. We are innovative and in touch with our consumers. We say it best. Now it's time to be the best.

Jeffrey Weiss [ President and Chief Operating Officer ] Zev Weiss [ Chief Executive Officer ]

[3]

