To our shareholders, customers, and associates:
Fiscal year 2008 was an exciting and successful year for all of us at American Greetings -- a year during which we learned even more about our ultimate consumer, we expanded into a growing channel, we achieved our financial plan and we added new advisors. We'd like to share a few of the highlights from this year with you. More about her We continued on our mission to provide an authentic shopping experience for her based on a deep understanding of her likes and her expectations. There's a great sense of pride in bringing products to market that resonate with our core consumer. We understand that consumers come to our category not only out of obligation to express a sentiment through a greeting card, but also to make "emotional connections." Through ongoing consumer research and feedback from our retail partners, we've learned that women seek products that speak authentically ... in their own voice. So, we create cards that reflect her moods and feelings all year round. She likes to laugh Funny was serious business for us, and driving industry leadership in this category has become a key part of our overall strategy. Through research, we enhanced our understanding of the differences between men and women when it comes to humor. We found that she gains the most joy from humor that is based on shared experiences, relationships, and everyday life occurrences. Utilizing these findings to develop new concepts, we reset thousands of retailers' stores with new products and fixtures in order to provide a compelling environment that will bring consumers back to our greeting card departments, again and again. A picture says a thousand words User-generated content is part of our everyday lives as we interact with the Internet. As a way to expand our current product offering of online social expressions into the adjacent area of online photo sharing and photopersonalized products, we acquired Webshots and PhotoWorks. Through these acquisitions, we have created a comprehensive photo strategy for the future and look to establish a leadership position in this growing channel of the social expression industry. Financial performance We are pleased with our financial performance this past year. We reported fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.53, which was in our guidance from the beginning of the year of $1.35 to $1.55. In addition, we generated cash flow from operating activities minus capital expenditures of $187 million, which was $62 million more than our forecast of $125 million. This cash flow performance was truly outstanding. New advisors We welcomed two new members to our Board of Directors this past year: Mr. William E. MacDonald III and Mr. Jeffrey D. Dunn. Mr. MacDonald was previously the Vice Chairman of National City Corporation, a financial holding company. Mr. Dunn is currently the Chief Executive Officer at HIT Entertainment Limited, an independent children's entertainment producer and rights owner. Mr. Dunn was previously the Chief Operating Officer of the Nickelodeon Networks Group. We look forward to both of their contributions in the coming years. Finally, we would like to thank all of our associates for their hard work and commitment to success. And, to our shareholders, thank you for your continued support of American Greetings.

Jeffrey Weiss President and Chief Operating Officer

Zev Weiss Chief Executive Officer

