De a r Fe l l ow Sh are hol de rs,
On November 10, 2017, Applied Materials celebrated the 50th anniversary of the founding of our company, and as we look back over the decades we see a world transformed. In 1967 few would have imagined the way that electronics, computing and displays would change how we live; and Applied Materials had a hand in making this possible. We delivered key enabling breakthroughs that fueled an industry, and the result has been pervasive technology that today is changing nearly every industry and society. Applied turned 50 at the same time that we are setting new records for growth and performance. In this milestone year, we delivered all-time record performance ­ far exceeding our previous highs. In fiscal 2017, we grew revenues 34 percent and operating profit at more than twice that rate. It's Applied's breadth that sets us apart, and across the company we are firing on all cylinders. We have tremendous momentum and we are confident that in 2018 we can deliver strong double-digit growth across our semiconductor, display and service businesses. MATERIALS ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS THAT TRANSFORM POSSIBILITIES INTO REALITY Applied is working at the foundation of major technology trends and playing a larger and more valuable role in the electronics industry. Our vision is to make possible the technology shaping the future and we've never been in a better position to do that. At Applied Materials, we engineer highly sophisticated manufacturing and process technologies used to build the world's most complex chips and displays. We enable our customers to build a wide range of advanced products, including larger capacity and faster memory chips, more powerful processors that consume less energy, super high-resolution displays and flexible electronics. We are committed to being the innovation leader that pushes the boundaries of science, technology and engineering to solve the world's toughest materials engineering challenges and enable our customers to build chips and displays in entirely new ways. NEW WAVES OF GROWTH -- STRONG MARKETS GETTING STRONGER Our markets are strong and getting stronger because there is a larger set of demand drivers than we have ever seen before. Every year, smart device manufacturers race to add more and more functionality to their products. Internet of Things (IoT) applications are expanding rapidly and data generation is exploding. Major inflections are taking place in the data center and there is an emerging battle for leadership in high-performance computing and artificial intelligence (AI). At the same time, there is huge demand for new display technology and screen sizes for TVs and mobile devices are growing considerably. We are at the start of a completely new wave of growth. IoT, big data and AI have the potential to transform entire industries and create trillions of dollars of economic value. A broad spectrum of companies are investing heavily in AI-related technology. From transportation and healthcare to entertainment and retail, future success is dependent on capturing, storing and understanding vast amounts of data. This is driving major innovations in sensors, memory, storage and especially compute -- which is key to turning raw data into valuable information. Leading companies are telling us that they need a step change in computing performance. Leadership in AI architecture is shaping up to be the biggest technology battle of our lifetimes and is going to be a major driver for the semiconductor roadmap. The winning architectures will provide large improvements in performance and power, and Applied is in a unique position to deliver the innovative materials needed to enable AI leadership.

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 7 annual report

BROAD CAPABILITIES TO SPEED INNOVATION Applied has never been in a better position than we are today thanks to the breadth of our capabilities and product portfolio. Our breadth not only gives us by far the largest exposure to industry inflections, it is also creating strong pull for earlier and deeper collaborations with customers. Speed of innovation and bringing new devices to market faster are more important than ever for our customers. By bringing together the broadest set of enabling capabilities, we can help customers develop winning devices faster and more effectively. To strengthen customer collaborations at our Maydan Technology Center and in their labs, we recently aligned the organization to better connect our broad capabilities across the company.

MAKE POSSIBLE TECHNOLOGY SHAPING THE FUTURE Our vision to "make possible" is an amazing opportunity and a powerful responsibility. Materials engineering offers tremendous potential as a key enabler of new technology and allows us to transform possibilities into reality. And no one knows more about materials engineering than Applied Materials. We believe that the world our children and grandchildren will share will be influenced by what we can achieve together today, tomorrow and in the years to come. For Applied Materials, the opportunities are enormous, our potential has never been greater, and at 50 years we are just getting started. Sincerely,

Thomas J. Iannotti
Chairman of the Board

Gary E. Dickerson
President and Chief Executive Officer

December 31, 2017

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including those regarding anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and markets, industry outlooks, technology transitions, our business and financial performance, our development of new products and technologies, and other statements that are not historical fact, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ are set forth in the "Risk Factors" section of, and elsewhere in, our 2017 Form 10-K included in this report. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof, and Applied Materials undertakes no obligation to update any such statements.

a p p l i e d m at e r i a l s 2 0 1 7 annual report

