MIKE SPLINTER PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (LEFT)

JAMES C. MORGAN CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD (RIGHT)

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
Applied Materials is prepared for the future. By the end of 2003, business conditions markedly improved in the semiconductor equipment industry. Signs of renewed customer confidence were evident in nearly every region. With a complete lineup of technically differentiated products, an improved cost structure, and intensified customer focus, Applied Materials is well positioned to prosper and grow.
Fiscal 2003 was a year of dramatic change, for the industry and our Company. The industry crossed over to 300mm wafer production, new materials-- such as copper and low  dielectrics--emerged as an interconnect standard, and circuit linewidths in advanced factories hit 90 nanometers (nm). Applied Materials strengthened its leadership position during the year with a full offering of 300mm systems across our product line. The Company is the leader in copper interconnect and advanced processing solutions for 90nm and beyond. Looking to the future, we have exciting new products in the pipeline that will provide innovative, differentiated capabilities for the next generation of semiconductor manufacturing. It was also a year of changes within the Company. During the year, Applied Materials undertook a dramatic company-wide restructuring to prepare it for the future. This effort included a realignment program resulting in accelerated product development programs, refocused customer account support, significant reductions in operating costs and the launch of a new, streamlined organization. The program also resulted in a 25 percent reduction of the work force and a consolidation of facilities, vacating approximately 2 million square feet. In April, Mike Splinter was named president and chief executive officer. Jim Morgan remains chairman of the Board of Directors, and Dan Maydan continues as a Board member and as president emeritus. Our new leadership is intensely customer-centric, and the new organizational structure--with fewer levels of management--aligns us more closely with our customers' requirements, enables us to make effective decisions more rapidly and further drives accountability across the corporation. These changes have strengthened our core competitive capability, significantly improved our customer account focus, strengthened our industry-leading product lines and enhanced the performance of our manufacturing operations, enabling us to provide our customers with better solutions in less time.

T H E C O M PA N Y I S T H E L E A D E R I N C O P P E R INTERCONNECT SOLUTIONS AND SUB-MICRON PROCESSING FOR THE 300mm ERA.

Financial Performance
In 2003, our revenue was $4.48 billion and new orders were $4.32 billion. While we reported a loss of $149 million, as a result of the realignment activities during the year, we were profitable on an ongoing basis. We generated $802 million of cash from operations, adding to our strong financial position, and ended the year with $5.5 billion in cash. While our performance reflected what was, for the most part, a challenging year, the trends by our fourth quarter were positive, indicating our worldwide customers' renewed willingness to invest in capacity.

advantage as growth in this region far outpaces the industry. Asia represented more than 60 percent of Applied Materials' orders in 2003 and is expected to continue above market growth rates in 2004.

Technically Differentiated Products
We are developing a family of technically differentiated products and services that improve our customers' productivity, cost and return on investment. We are also enhancing our product offerings at 90nm and below in new areas including electrochemical plating, low  dielectrics, etch, and inspection and metrology. Our focus is paying off.  Our low  chemical vapor deposition (CVD) Black Diamond product is the first truly low  dielectric film used in production by multiple chipmakers.  The electrochemical plating system (ECP) for depositing copper films that we announced in June is seeing strong acceptance and is being designed in at critical device levels.  As dielectric etch became more critical, we launched two new products to meet both current production and longer term development challenges, a tremendous new growth area.  Our innovative high speed wafer inspection systems, in-line monitoring system and recently released mask metrology product are all gaining ground. All of this, combined with our manufacturing capabilities, global infrastructure and extensive product offerings, provide an unparalleled strategic advantage to our customers.

Market Trends and Growth Opportunities
In addition to improved economic conditions, semiconductor investment is strongly influenced by technology and industry-specific factors such as the need for better performance and for increasingly more powerful, portable and affordable electronic products. These requirements are fueling new investments in:  The transition to 300mm wafers. The adoption of 300mm wafers dramatically increases our customers' productivity. New 300mm fabs and expansions of existing facilities are forecast for 2004. Applied Materials is well positioned to support our customers and, based on customers' acceptance of our 300mm systems in development lines in 2003, we are positioned to gain market share.  Advanced interconnect technology. The industry is migrating from aluminum to copper interconnect due to its superior electrical performance. Applied Materials is the leading supplier of copper-based technologies and the only supplier with a complete suite of copper interconnect products.  Substrate and transistor technology. Customers began planning significant engineering investments in new transistors that are at the heart of chip technology. Applied Materials is leading in the development of equipment and processes for gate and substrate technologies to meet these critical high-performance requirements.  Asia. Applied Materials' commitment to the Asia region has spanned more than 20 years. Our significant infrastructure there is a strategic

W E A R E D E V E L O P I N G A FA M I LY O F T E C H N I C A L LY D I F F E R E N T I AT E D P R O D U C T S A N D S E R V I C E S T H AT I M P R O V E O U R C U S T O M E R S ' P R O D U C T I V I T Y, C O S T A N D R E T U R N O N I N V E S T M E N T.

A T R I B U T E T O D R . D A N M AY D A N , P R E S I D E N T E M E R I T U S DR. DAN MAYDAN, PRESIDENT OF APPLIED MATERIALS SINCE 1994, RETIRED FROM HIS POSITION IN APRIL, 2003.

During his 23-year tenure at Applied Materials, Dr. Dan Maydan combined extraordinary leadership with a broad technological vision and keen entrepreneurial sense. Renowned as the father of the "single wafer, multi-chamber" system architecture--today the standard in our industry--Dr. Maydan's business philosophy reached far beyond technology innovation to include an intense focus on product commercialization. From his first days at the company, Dr. Maydan was a key proponent of Applied Materials' successful multi-product strategy, which now includes most of the primary process technologies used in chipmaking. Dr. Maydan continues to serve as a Board member and a technical advisor to the Company, influencing future generations of Applied leadership and technology.

We are also leveraging our manufacturing capabilities around the world for key competitive advantage. We have worked extensively to improve our supply chain productivity in order to increase our manufacturing effectiveness. This improvement reduces our overall cycle times and enables us to deliver higher quality equipment to our customers with shorter manufacturing lead times. On the growing service front, Applied Global Services (AGS), with its worldwide support infrastructure, builds on the strength of Applied Materials' silicon systems business by providing innovative service, maintenance and productivity solutions that help customers achieve their operational cost and productivity goals.

THERE IS MUCH YET TO BE DONE TO EXTEND MOORE'S LAW AND THE B O U N DA R I E S O F S E M I C O N D U C T O R T E C H N O L O G Y-- A N D A P P L I E D M AT E R I A L S I N T E N D S T O L E A D T H E W AY.
We want to thank our stockholders, customers and suppliers for their continued confidence in our company. Most importantly, we would like to thank our employees around the world for their incredible commitment to the success of our customers and Applied Materials. Their talent and dedication through these past challenging years have made us a stronger and better company that is ready to grow in 2004 and beyond.

Looking Ahead
Applied Materials is a leadership company with a focus on growth. As the leading global provider of integrated circuit fabrication equipment and solutions, we occupy a unique space in the high technology world. As we enter the Nanometer Era, we believe the best years are still ahead of us; a myriad of new ways are arising daily for information technology to improve how we live, work and play. A million new people join the global economy every day, through cell phones, the Internet and satellite communications networks. There is much yet to be done to extend Moore's Law and the boundaries of semiconductor technology--and Applied Materials intends to lead the way.

Mike Splinter President and Chief Executive Officer

James C. Morgan Chairman of the Board

