To Our Stockholders
Fiscal 2006 was an excellent year for Applied Materials. We grew revenue by 31 percent, gained market share and delivered on our key objectives. Our employees demonstrated their commitment throughout the year, and we would like to acknowledge their contributions to achieving these strong results. For decades the strength of Applied Materials has been to commercialize innovative, technical solutions that enable customers to create and produce market-expanding products. In 2006, we established a new vision statement --We apply Nanomanufacturing Technology to improve the way people live --reflecting our aspirations as a company. This broader vision reinforces the belief that Applied's technology contributes to electronic products that people around the world use in their everyday lives, and it expands how we see ourselves serving customers with new applications in new markets. "Nanomanufacturing" combines the concept of small dimensions delivered through our technology with the practical concept of high-volume, precision manufacturing with the potential to reach and improve the lives of everyone around the globe. New opportunities are opening for Applied as industries look at nanomanufacturing technology solutions to bring exciting ideas to market. The Display segment represents products which Applied designs, manufactures, sells and services for our customers who fabricate and test flat panel displays. We first established an organization in 1991 to utilize our semiconductor manufacturing processes and apply them for use by flat panel display manufacturers. Since then we have helped the industry to decrease the cost of high-quality flat panel displays to 1/20th of their cost 10 years ago. The Adjacent Technologies segment consists of products which we design, manufacture, sell and service for customers who fabricate solar cells, flexible electronics and other web products, and energye cient glass. Through a key acquisition in mid-2006, Applied Materials has enhanced its ability to serve new, fast-growing markets and additional customers who can utilize our expertise and global capabilities.

DELIVERING ON OUR OBJECTIVES Throughout 2006 we focused on three key objectives and made substantial progress.
Extend our leadership in our core business through di erentiated products. First and foremost, we look to serve our semiconductor customers with the technology to produce new generations of advanced chips at lower cost. Our priority was to increase our presence at memory manufacturers, particularly those in the fast-growing flash memory market. Through 2006 our share of the market increased as customers turned to Applied to help solve their most challenging manufacturing issues. We launched multiple products and entered new market areas, including the large and growing track market served by Sokudo, an exciting joint venture with Dainippon Screen. As customers focus on improving productivity, they demand technically di erentiated service products that allow better utilization of their factories. Coating, cleaning, wafer reclaim, abatement and software are all becoming more valuable. In 2006, we expanded our o erings for making customers' factories run more e ciently, while reducing cost and minimizing the impact on the environment. Display markets are driven by increasing production e ciency that makes applications like LCD TVs, portable PC screens and many consumer electronics more a ordable. In 2006, we expanded our o erings for displays to address the latest Generation 8.5 flat panel manufacturing requirements and broadened our market presence with new products to deposit films in color filters and array.

NEW MARKETS AND NEW OPPORTUNITIES Today, Applied Materials is much more than a semiconductor equipment company. We report our business in four segments, reflecting the growth of our di erent businesses and expanding opportunities.
The Silicon segment is comprised of a wide range of products designed, manufactured and sold for the semiconductor chip market. We have been engaged in this area for nearly 40 years, working with customers to enable Moore's Law and lower the cost per transistor of semiconductor chips, and we are planning for continued growth in the years ahead. Today, Applied's equipment helps make virtually every new chip in the world. The Fab Solutions segment is comprised of a broad range of products to maintain and optimize customers' semiconductor fabs, including: spare parts, total parts management, remanufactured equipment, maintenance agreements, total support programs, and environmental and software solutions. This business has been growing rapidly. In 2005, we outpaced the growth of silicon wafer starts by a 1.4 multiple, and in 2006 we outpaced the growth of wafer starts by a factor of 1.7.

4

Applied Materials 2006 Annual Report

Deliver world-class operational and financial performance. Fiscal 2006 was the second best year in Applied's history. We made good progress operationally, delivering higher margins and improved asset utilization, while assuring investment for the future. We grew both revenue and profitability, and provided value to our stockholders through strong cash generation, an increased dividend, and substantial stock repurchases, reflecting our confidence in the long-term potential and opportunities of Applied Materials. We believe in continuous improvement and an unrelenting drive for further e ciency, productivity and cycle-time gains, and have our sights set on hitting new heights this year. We now have a company-wide Business Transformation e ort which should allow us to continuously improve our e ciency over the next several years. Grow business in new markets utilizing nanomanufacturing technology. Applied Materials has outstanding growth opportunities, and this past year we expanded our business into a number of adjacent markets. Using our core skills of nanomanufacturing technology and large substrate handling competencies, we are moving into the solar cell equipment market. In September we announced our strategy in this rapidly growing market. Applied Materials is providing a combination of manufacturing tools, together with device and process innovations, that are expected to increase conversion e ciency and yields, and help lower the overall cost per watt for solar electricity users. The market is expected to grow dramatically once solar cell manufacturers are able to achieve prices comparable to the cost of peak electricity prices. This is the point at which we believe that consumers will increasingly choose clean energy over traditional, nonrenewable sources. There are many new ideas and improvements in the solar field, and Applied is o ering the scale, productivity and practical solutions today. The solar industry has reached an inflection point as customers seek economies of scale and look for partners who can provide global support and systems that meet goals for advancement in technology, throughput, quality and yield. Solar unlocks an opportunity for us to provide leadership at a time when this industry is poised to take o and become a more meaningful contributor to the global energy supply.

IMPROVING THE WAY PEOPLE LIVE As we look around the world, we see a growing number of people who are eager to embrace the technology that Applied Materials enables. Whether using more powerful, portable and a ordable chips for a widening array of applications, or recognizing the potential of solar technology to provide cost-e ective, environmentallyfriendly energy, billions of people around the world have yet to benefit from the advances we deliver. We see opportunity and the chance to help improve the way people live. And that provides a powerful motivator for us to drive innovative thinking and deliver new technology.
Our long-term opportunity is enormous, and the future of Applied Materials holds great promise. The global leadership that customers have come to count on will lead the way. We must extend our legacy of technology commercialization utilizing our unmatched resources, core competencies and technological breadth to bring new, winning solutions to our customers. We are enhancing our reputation as the safest choice--the choice that customers can rely on with the knowledge, insight and commitment they need to compete e ectively and gain the advantage that allows them to break into new markets. This is the Applied Materials we are building--a global competitor that is leading the way in directions that our customers want us to go with the nanomanufacturing technology solutions that help make new markets a reality. 2006 was a good year for Applied. With the support of all our stakeholders--including our customers, global employee team, suppliers, and you, our stockholders--we are moving forward with positive momentum in 2007, finding our rewards in solving the challenges ahead to unlock new opportunities. Sincerely,

Michael R. Splinter
President and Chief Executive Officer

James C. Morgan
Chairman of the Board of Directors

December 14, 2006

Applied Materials 2006 Annual Report

5

