To Our Stockholders
As we write this letter, unprecedented turmoil in the financial markets is leading to a weakening world economy that is significantly impacting Applied Materials' business. The current economic uncertainty and negative trends in consumer spending have led many of our customers to reassess their capital spending plans, and we are seeing a pattern of multiple downward revisions as the severity of the economic situation unfolds. Applied Materials is taking action, based on our view that this may be an extended downturn--lasting a year or longer. è   (123½6#1#$.!42#".-#7#!43(-%.412313#%(#26'(+# improving efficiency and reducing spending. è   #!.-"½6#1#(-5#23(-%%%1#22(5#+8(-3'#3#!'-.+ogy, products and customer relationships essential to emerge in a stronger market position. è   '(1"½6#6(++ #"(2!(/+(-#"½2#+#!3(5#-"/3(#-3(- pursuing strategic acquisition opportunities. è   .413'½6#'5#231.-% +-!#2'##3½-"6#6(++ remain focused on operational cash flow and asset management to preserve our ability to support strategic business priorities and to be successful through the economic downturn. Fiscal 2008 was a year of execution for Applied Materials. We focused on optimizing our performance as the leader in each of our major markets with innovative equipment and service and software products for the fabrication of semiconductor chips, flat panel displays, solar photovoltaic cells and modules, flexible electronics and energy-efficient glass. As the leader in semiconductor manufacturing equipment, our Silicon Systems Group delivers costeffective technologies through our broad product portfolio and unique integration expertise. This year, an expected decrease in investment by memory chip manufacturers --a key market for our products--was accompanied by a rapid and far-reaching downturn in the broader semiconductor equipment industry, affecting the performance of our Silicon Systems Group. We made gains in the important technology area of inspection and positioned our etch products for volume production wins at the next technology node. At the same time, our efficiency in both R&D and operations dramatically improved, enabling solid financial performance. Applied Global Services realized gains through 2008, especially in Asia and with our solar customers. We expect this momentum for service to continue as customers move to an outsourcing model and look for ways to maximize factory efficiency. Our Display business experienced terrific growth in 2008 supported by record orders during the first half of the year. While maintaining our leadership in two key technologies for flat panel display manufacturing, our Display group also recognized its first revenue from an exciting new physical vapor deposition product, opening up a large new market. Even though softening consumer demand has caused many of our customers to idle factory capacity and to delay expansions, strategic investment for the next generation of display technology --Gen 10--is still moving forward. Energy and Environmental Solutions made remarkable progress in 2008, fueled primarily by the solar ramp. Our push into equipment and technology to produce both crystalline silicon and thin film solar panels resulted in a dramatic increase in crystalline silicon business and an important milestone in thin film solar--the first customer sign-off of an Applied SunFabTM Line for producing largesized, thin film solar modules. We are confident that we can continue to lower the cost of solar energy through the scale and effectiveness of our solar manufacturing products, and over time make solar a meaningful part of the world's energy supply. Applied Materials' strategy is built on the foundation of our achievements over the past 40 years--our innovation and commercialization of technology that enables our customers' success. Key to what has made us a leader in the industries that we serve is three lasting core competencies:

2

applied materials 2008 annual report

· F  irst is an expertise in commercializing sophisticated systems. We produce complex, technically sophisticated manufacturing systems for high-volume production--as well as the service products customers need to optimize their high-performance factories. · Second  is thin films engineering--the heart of all advanced electronics. Measured in billionths of a meter, these "nano" films are deposited, etched, measured and transformed by Applied Materials' technologies and products. · T  hird is a global corporate culture that is an integral part of our company and makes it possible for us to attract the talent essential for success and to develop and enhance our relationships with customers all over the world.  Despite the current global economic and industry challenges, this is an exciting time for Applied. We are doing something that few companies dare to do: we are building on the strengths that made us a leader and applying them to develop a leadership position in a new industry--solar. We are innovating the technology and solutions needed for renewable energy generation and energy conservation, with the goal of unlocking the potential of the solar industry. Although these are difficult times, we will maintain our fundamental commitment and drive to produce stockholder value and to hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of business practices and corporate citizenship.

 As we look to the future, we have confidence in Applied Materials' opportunities and capabilities as a multi-business company with tremendous depth and breadth of global technical talent. We appreciate the support of our stockholders, customers, employees and all stakeholders who contribute to our success. None of us can predict the changes that the global economy will produce, but we are taking steps to assure that Applied Materials is well resourced, focused on technology leadership, structured appropriately, operating efficiently, and executing our strategic priorties. Through this period of transformation, Applied will remain focused on a renewed mission to lead the nanomanufacturing technology revolution with innovations that transform markets, create opportunities and offer a cleaner, brighter future to people around the world.

Michael R. Splinter president and chief executive officer

James C. Morgan chairman of the board of directors

December 12, 2008

applied materials 2008 annual report 

3

