To our shareholders,
When you look at today’s world-class technology product companies, I believe three essential characteristics are consistent among all of them. First, they deliver innovative products and technologies that customers want. Second, they have established a proven track record of fast, efficient manufacturing execution. And third, they have a bold vision of where to take their business, and often their industry, in the future.
It is my sincere belief that AMD is a world-class company. All the pieces—from people to products to processes—are in place. Now it’s up to us to extend our leadership in the eyes of our customers and our business partners. We will do that by continuing to build on our many achievements in 2005.
Corporate Results
One of our most notable achievements in 2005 was the revenue growth we experienced and the consistent improvement in our financial results. Annual sales rose 17 percent compared with 2004, to $5.8 billion, while operating income reached $232 million, an improvement of four percent compared with 2004. As of December 25, 2005, we grew our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments to approximately
$1.8 billion, reduced our debt and significantly lowered our debt-to-capital ratio to 28 percent. Excluding the results of the Memory Products Group segment, AMD’s financial performance was even more impressive. Sales of $3.9 billion for the year increased 48 percent from comparable sales in 2004, resulting in a near tripling of operating income to $543 million for 2005. Comparable sales in 2004 were $2.7 billion, resulting in operating income of $187 million.*
While these results are encouraging, we continue to be locked out of key segments of the computer industry, and our competitor continues to constrain the amount and nature of the business many of our customers may do with us. This, however, only serves to motivate us further to continue developing the most advanced microprocessor solutions. After all, we view our business as a marathon, not a sprint. While we are very encouraged by our financial success in 2005, what we are really doing is building the framework for sustainable growth going forward.
Innovation—Creating and delivering the solutions that customers want
It is a testament to the people at AMD that we are known as an innovation leader. The release of our AMD64 technology in 2003, starting with our industry-leading AMD OpteronTM processor, created a real inflection point in the microprocessor industry. Now, as we start 2006, AMD Opteron and AMD AthlonTM 64 processors and AMD TurionTM 64 mobile technology are enjoying widespread popularity. These innovative products have enabled us to grow market share in the commercial and enterprise segments because organizations are demanding better computing solutions—and we are delivering them.
Our x86 dual-core processors for servers and business and consumer desktop computers only reinforce our leadership position. These powerful processors are being utilized by a growing list of customers including HP, IBM, Lenovo, and Sun Microsystems, to develop some of the most advanced, new computing solutions in the market today. Especially in the commercial markets where datacenter-caliber power is a necessity, dual-core AMD Opteron processor solutions are shown to deliver leading performance and performance-per-watt capabilities.
In mobile computing, our AMD Turion 64 mobile technology is rapidly becoming the solution of choice for customers. Since its introduction in March 2005, more than 100 new mobile platforms designed around this new processor have either shipped, or are in development.
* As a result of Spansion Inc.’s initial public offering, the results of operations for our Memory Products Group segment for 2005 included Spansion’s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows only through December 20, 2005.
 
Execution—Meeting customer demands
In recent years, much of AMD’s success lies in the fact that we have been able to deliver what we promise, when we promise. Not only do we have some of the smartest and most experienced minds in the business, we also have some of the best processes, including our Automated Precision Manufacturing (APM) methodology, to deliver unprecedented levels of speed, accuracy, and agility at our manufacturing facilities.
This dependable pattern of execution is helping AMD gain new customers and grow unit market share in each of our key markets. According to Mercury Research, PC Processors and Chip Sets, Market Strategy and Forecast Report—1Q 2006, our share of the mobile market grew from 10.3 percent market share in the fourth quarter of 2004 to 15.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2005. In desktops, we gained 5.1 percent market share in the past year, ending at 24.3 percent by the end of 2005. And in servers, our share of the market went from 6.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2004 to 16.4 percent in the fourth quarter of 2005.
With the opening of our new 300-millimeter fabrication facility, Fab 36, in Dresden, Germany, and the additional capacity to be provided by Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing, we believe we have the manufacturing capability to support our growing portfolio of top tier customers. We are seeing significant growth in key high- growth regions such as Russia, India, Greater China, Brazil, and Mexico. And AMD adoption in the enterprise is growing as well. At the end of 2005, 90 percent of the top 100—and more than 45 percent of the top 500—of the Forbes Global 2000 were using AMD64 technology. It is numbers like these that reaffirm our belief that customer-centric innovation is the correct path for our business.
Vision—Building company momentum to reach new heights
At AMD, we believe that customer-centric innovation is the key to the next computing revolution. This revolution is based on the remarkable price/performance characteristics of AMD64 technology, whether it is reinventing the performance-per-watt envelope in the datacenter, creating a new digital entertainment experience in the home, or empowering a new generation of Internet users worldwide.
The unique design of our AMD Opteron processors has started a revolution in the datacenter—and a new, more customer-centric metric: performance-per-watt. Power savings is both good sense and good business, and today’s datacenter community is increasingly aware of the overarching advantages that come from an AMD based solution.
On a global scale, our 50x15 initiative to enable affordable Internet access to 50 percent of the world’s population by 2015 gained significant momentum in 2005. Hand-in-hand with our global partners, we are deploying a variety of sustainable, scalable solutions in Brazil, the Caribbean, India, Mexico, Panama, and Turkey. A key component of AMD’s 50x15 efforts is the Learning Labs program. This program uses measured, strategic deployments of technology solutions to foster digital inclusion and demonstrate the many sustainable ways that Internet access can improve our world.
In addition, with the launch of our AMD LIVE! effort, we are helping to remove limits to creativity and providing audiences with an uncompromising playback experience anytime, anywhere. This has been the dream of content creators since the early days of cinema and television. AMD LIVE! solutions will offer users the ability to seamlessly connect, store, distribute, access, and enjoy digital media content in multiple rooms throughout their home and even take it with them to enjoy on the go, virtually anytime, anywhere.
We are comfortable in our new leadership role, and up to the task of delivering a vision grounded in the collective wisdom of our customers, partners and rapidly evolving leadership team.

Helping the industry and our customers to Break Free
While proud of our results in 2005, we are even more optimistic about 2006 and beyond. Our world-class efforts are coming to fruition, and our ability to compete freely, along with our many customers exercising their fundamental right to choose the computing solutions that best fit their needs, will only increase our opportunities to grow and command an even larger market share.
We are determined to break Intel’s monopoly on the computing market—and we are confident that AMD will win the antitrust lawsuits that were filed in the U.S. and Japan in June 2005. But this is not just our fight. The increasing global scrutiny of Intel’s anti-competitive and illegal conduct in the U.S., Japan, Korea, and Europe shows that consumers, organizations, and governments want choice and innovation.
In the end, fair and open competition will benefit AMD and our shareholders. But more importantly, it will benefit customers around the world with better choices, more innovation, and lower prices. That’s something of which we can all be proud.
Sincerely,
Hector de J. Ruiz
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 2006
 The forward-looking statements contained herein are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained herein involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. We urge investors to review in detail the risks and uncertainties in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to the Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2005.
