 Letter to our shareholders
“Early this year we demonstrated Hammer processors running platforms that booted both Microsoft Windows XP and Linux 64 operating systems. Targeted at all segments of the PC industry, from desktop and mobile systems to high-end servers and workstations, we believe Hammer family processors will deliver an unparalleled computing experience.”
For the worldwide semiconductor industry, 2001 brought new meaning to the word cyclicality! After a stunning advance of 36 percent in worldwide sales in 2000, the integrated circuit industry declined by 32 percent last year — the sharpest drop in history — erasing all of the previous year’s gains, and more.The drop in information technology spending in response to the collapse in the networking and communications sector with the demise of the “dot-coms,” a slowing worldwide economy, and uncertainty brought about by the horrific events of September 11, presented a harsh environment for chipmakers.
performance and gained significant market share. Our worldwide unit market share has grown from less than 12 percent in 1996 to more than 20 percent in 2001! Our worldwide revenue market share has grown from less than 2 percent in 1996 to more than 10 percent, reflecting our increasing penetration of the higher- priced performance desktop and mobile markets. In the final quarter of 2001, our worldwide revenue market share reached record levels of more than 12 percent.
In this grim landscape, AMD distinguished itself. Just as it has over the prior 25-year-period,AMD’s performance in 2001 substantially exceeded that of the industry. Annual sales of $3,892,000,000 decreased by only16 percent year-to-year overall — half the rate of decline of the industry.We are proud of the magnificent execution of the AMD worldwide team in this very difficult climate.
The introduction of our first proprietary, Microsoft Windows compatible processor in 1996 marked the beginning of the first of a series of thousand-day journeys and a new era of innovation for AMD.
Outstanding fourth-quarter results — with sequential revenue growth of 24 percent to more than $950 million—enabled us to post a pro forma operating profit of $70 million and pro forma net income of $29 million, or $0.09 per share, for the year as a whole.* PC processor sales, led by rapid market acceptance of the recently introduced AMD AthlonTM XP processor, surged by 50 percent sequentially during the quarter, establishing new records in both units and dollars.
Our main focus in the just-concluded second thousand-day journey was to extract value for AMD shareholders from the investments we have made in wealth-producing assets.
What was particularly gratifying in 2001 was our achievement of a gain of more than four points of unit market share in PC processors despite a six percent year-on-year drop in industry PC unit sales—the first such decline since 1985.AMD grew its PC processor unit sales by 16 percent, to nearly 31 million units. We also grew our PC processor revenues in the year by 3.5 percent in the face of an industry decline of 20 percent.
The market for the former (Windows compatible PC processors) is huge and exciting growth is expected.The market for the latter is currently stalled in the face of the slowdown in the communications and networking segment.With economic recovery generally expected by year-end and with growing demand for wireless devices, the opportunities in flash memories are also promising. AMD believes in competition, and our customers welcome our aggressive challenge to the dominant supplier in these market segments.
In 1996, we introduced our fifth-generation PC processor — our first proprietary, differentiated Microsoft® Windows® compatible processor — and ushered in a new era of AMD innovation . Since then, we have steadily increased processor
In the current year, we are committed to driving additional gains in market share and growing faster than the industry by continuing to out-innovate our competition.
* Consolidated Statements of Operations, which contains our actual operating results for 2001, appear on page 25.
2
In the first 1,000 days, we achieved our principal objective of establishing AMD as a nucleating point for an alternative PC platform.
In our third thousand-day journey, beginning now, our over- arching objective is to challenge the leadership of the 800-pound gorilla in our industry in both Microsoft Windows compatible microprocessors and flash memory.

   As we have said many times, innovation is the cornerstone of our competitive strategy. AMD currently can neither out-invest nor out-produce our primary competitor.We must out-innovate the competition, delivering semiconductor solutions based on better ideas that increase the performance, reduce the cost, and shorten the time to market for our customers’ products. Innovation, however, also applies to other aspects of our business — especially in the business practices that enable us to make more effective and efficient use of capital and human ingenuity.
our Thoroughbred version of the AMD Athlon XP processor represents the marriage of ingenious design and leading-edge process technology. We expect to complete the transition to 130-nm technology by the end of this year.
By the world’s most widely accepted index of innovation— patents issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office —AMD continued to rank among the world leaders.With 1,090 new U.S. patents issued in 2001,AMD ranked 14th in the world and fifth among U.S.-based companies in the total number of patents issued. Our current patent portfolio comprises a rich mix of both product-related patents on the one hand, and process technology and manufacturing patents on the other.
We plan to begin shipments of the first members of the “Hammer” family of PC processors on 130-nm technology employing SOI (silicon-on-insulator) technology in the fourth quarter of 2002. Meanwhile, we are continuing the development of a 90-nm technology node employing SOI technology, which we plan to implement in Fab 30 in 2003.
We are resolved that AMD will continue to be the provider of the highest-performance PC processors in the world. Maintaining this leadership position requires more than innovative designs. We must also have leading-edge process technology and state- of-the-art production capacity to produce in high volume.We have made substantial progress on each of these fronts during the past year.
During the first quarter of 2002, we announced a comprehen- sive alliance with UMC, one of the world’s premier semiconductor manufacturing companies.This alliance includes creation of a 50-50 joint venture that will own and operate a 300-mm wafer fabrication facility and collaboration on advanced process tech- nology development.This innovative alliance leverages the unique strengths and capabilities of each company to address changes in the fundamental economics of the semiconductor industry that are currently under way.
We have widely sampled AMD Athlon XP processors (code- named “Thoroughbred”) produced on 130-nm (nanometer) technology in Fab 30 in Dresden.We expect initial revenues from shipments of the Thoroughbred version in the current quarter. We believe that migration to 130-nm technology will widen our existing competitive advantage over Intel’s newest “Northwood” version of the Pentium 4 processor.With some 37 million transistors packed onto a chip that is only 80 mm2— approximately 45 percent smaller than the Northwood chip—
AMD and UMC will work together to develop leading-edge logic processes.As a part of this joint development effort,AMD will continue to focus on those areas of process and manufacturing that are key to our high-performance, future-generation PC processors. Under the agreement, AMD will gain immediate access to an existing UMC 300-mm wafer fabrication facility in Taiwan for R&D activities.
“With economic recovery generally expected by year- end and with growing demand for wireless devices, the opportunities in flash memories are also promising. AMD believes in competition, and our customers welcome our aggressive challenge to the dominant supplier in these market segments.”
In Fab 25 in Austin we have begun the conversion from logic to production of flash memory devices. Our initial production is on 170-nm technology, and we plan to qualify production for 130-nm technology by year-end.We believe that Fab 25 can support several additional technology generations, thereby extending the life of this facility.
3

     The alliance with UMC will also enable AMD to make the transition to 300-mm manufacturing at precisely the right time. We expect to require substantial additional production capacity to meet the demands of a growing market for Microsoft Windows compatible processors and to support our expected growth in market share in this huge market segment.We believe the optimum time to make the transition to high-volume 300-mm production is in the mid-2005 time frame, when we expect to be starting pro- duction on the 65-nanometer node.
metric obsolete. Clock speed alone tells no more about the true performance of a PC processor than engine RPMs (revolutions per minute) tell about the true performance of an internal combustion engine.
Our alliance with UMC also includes a foundry arrangement under which UMC will produce PC processors to augment our internal production capacity in Fab 30 for devices produced on 130-nm and smaller-geometry technology.
The initial success of the AMD Athlon XP processor family has demonstrated widespread acceptance of performance metrics that take into account architectural performance—the amount of actual work done per clock cycle—as well as raw clock speed.
Our current 1,000-day journey will take us to new and exciting destinations.We will introduce new platforms based on innovative concepts that we believe will open new market segments for AMD while creating opportunities for growth within segments in which we currently participate.
This year we plan to introduce our eighth-generation PC processor family—code-named Hammer—that we believe will change the face of the industry.The Hammer family will provide a seamless path to 64-bit computing with unsurpassed performance for both 32- and 64-bit computing while maintaining full compati- bility with the industry-standard x86 instruction set for Microsoft Windows computing.
Our proprietary MirrorBitTM flash memory architecture is a leading example of how a better idea should enable us to expand our market penetration. MirrorBit technology is a breakthrough in memory cell architecture that enables a flash memory device to store twice as much data as standard flash with no compromise in device endurance, performance, or reliability. MirrorBit flash devices offer an ideal solution for cell phones, as well as other applications where high density, low cost, and low-voltage operation are essential.We expect to begin shipments of flash memory devices with MirrorBit architecture in the second half of this year.
Early this year we demonstrated Hammer processors running platforms that booted both Microsoft Windows XP and Linux 64 operating systems.Targeted at all segments of the PC industry, from desktop and mobile systems to high-end servers and work- stations, we believe Hammer family processors will deliver an unparalleled computing experience.
Our acquisition of Alchemy Semiconductor in the first quarter of 2002 will enable AMD to address a high-growth market seg- ment—personal connectivity devices such as personal digital assistants, web tablets, and portable and wired Internet access devices and gateways—in which we currently do not participate. Alchemy designs, develops, and markets high-performance, low- power microprocessors based on the widely used MIPS architecture. Our customers, including Japanese consumer electronics giants, are excited about our entry into this market segment, which we believe offers the potential for significant growth during our current 1,000-day journey.
Near the end of our current 1,000-day journey in late 2004, we believe Hammer family processors will comprise more than half of our unit production of PC processors and produce the great majority of our revenues.
When we introduced the AMD Athlon XP processor in October of 2001, we also announced a new initiative to develop a reliable metric for PC processor performance that users every- where can trust. For most of the 20-year history of the personal computer, megahertz—i.e., the processor’s speed measured in clock cycles per second—was a reliable indicator of PC processor performance because all of the major players used the same architecture for product design.The innovative architecture of our seventh-generation processors has rendered the old performance
W.J. Sanders III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The forward looking statements contained in the above letter are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in this annual report and the company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2001, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
Hector de J. Ruiz
President and Chief Operating Officer
4
The True Performance Initiative (TPI) spearheaded by AMD is intended to drive a new, broadly accepted standard that will measure the actual delivered performance of a PC processor that PC users can trust.
We are very excited about the future of AMD, and especially about the next 1,000 days.AMD has never been better positioned in terms of product portfolio, process technology, and production capacity to change the face of our industry.
After the annual shareholder meeting on April 25, we expect that the board of directors will elect Dr. Hector Ruiz as president and chief executive officer and W.J. Sanders III as chairman of AMD. We look forward to continuing our work together to capitalize on the incredible opportunities afforded by our strong position.
Thank you for your continuing support.
February 15, 2002
February 15, 2002
