To our shareholders:
In 2006, AMD’s customer-centric focus once again resulted in strong organic growth and new opportunities with our many customers and business partners. We acquired ATI Technologies, secured a major new customer in Dell, and expanded the number of AMD design wins with many of our existing customers. We deepened our roots in the Chinese market, gaining Founder and Tsinghua Tongfang as customers. We attracted great employee talent and gained microprocessor unit share. Looking back at 2006, each of these events individually is worthy of singular attention. Their sum total makes me confident that the past year will come to be remembered as one of the most transformational and positive years in AMD’s history.
Corporate Results
AMD’s growth was reflected in the financial results of our operations. Revenue, excluding the Memory Products segment, increased 44% percent compared with 2005, to $5.6 billion.* Results for 2006 also included nearly $400 million of revenue from our two new segments—the Graphics and Chipsets segment and the Consumer Electronics segment. Our Computation Products segment revenue increased 35 percent and operating income increased 10 percent compared to 2005.
In 2006, microprocessor unit shipments from AMD set a new record, increasing 35 percent compared to 2005. As mentioned previously, we also gained unit processor market share, ending the year with 25.3 percent of the worldwide x86 processor market.**
The second half of the year was less than satisfactory. We faced an extremely aggressive pricing environment—a testament to the progress we are making strategically against a monopoly competitor. This and other factors, together with $557 million of charges related to the ATI acquisition, contributed to an overall operating loss of $47 million for the year. However, I can say with confidence that I believe AMD’s long-term prospects are solid.
A Strategic Foundation for Long-term Success
Our strategic acquisition of ATI Technologies in October 2006 alters the landscape of the technology industry. We firmly believe this will greatly benefit our customers and partners.
One year from now, I believe we will look back on 2007 as the watershed year when three trends irrevocably improved our industry’s potential. The first trend is the visualization era of computing, where the primary metric for how consumers measure their computing experience will be the richness of the visual experience. The second is energy-efficient computing, which to date has been largely limited to the data center, but in 2007 we believe it will begin to extend all the way to the handheld. The third is development and deployment of solutions that can truly meet the needs of the developing world.
For AMD, these trends represent significant opportunity.
Leading the World to More Energy-Efficient Processing
At AMD we are tremendously proud of our leadership record in bringing energy- efficient processing to the industry. AMD is committed to lead the world to energy-efficient processing, and we are at the forefront of developing innovations that reduce energy use, increase power efficiencies, and solve customer problems. AMD already offers industry-leading performance-per-watt capabilities with its AMD OpteronTM processors for servers and workstations, and has designed the AMD AthlonTM 64 X2 dual-core processors for energy savings. We will
* As a result of Spansion Inc.’s initial public offering in December 2005, the results of operations for our Memory Products Group segment for 2005 included Spansion’s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows through Dec. 20, 2005, and we did not have any revenue from this segment in 2006.
** PC Processors and Chipsets 1Q07 Report, Mercury Research
 
advance energy efficiencies with the introduction of our native quad-core processors in mid-2007. Later in 2007 and beyond, we plan to expand our energy-efficient capabilities in our processors for the entire range of computing devices, from handheld devices to large servers for the datacenter.
AMD is proud to be one of the 11 founding members of The Green Grid, a global consortium dedicated to developing and promoting energy efficiency for data centers and information service delivery. The formal launch of the consortium earlier this year signaled the emergence of an important industry force.
Delivering the Ultimate Visual Experience
We are entering the visualization age of computing, as demonstrated by the recent Microsoft® WindowsTM Vista launch. Visuals will increasingly define the user experience on PCs, digital televisions, and handheld devices. With world-class computing processing and graphics processing technology under one roof, AMD is uniquely poised to lead and succeed in this dynamic environment.
AMD’s superior graphics and multimedia technology is evidenced by our design wins in Nintendo’s revolutionary new WiiTM video gaming console, in Microsoft’s Xbox 360 HD DVD player, in Motorola’s RAZR line of cell phones, in digital televisions from Samsung, Sony, and others, and in more than 50 handheld devices on the market. The new AMD is better able to grow in our large existing market segments while creating entirely new ones. One such example is our exciting initiative codenamed “Fusion”, aimed at creating the industry’s first integrated microprocessor and graphics processor.
Empowering the World’s Population with Affordable Internet Access Platforms
We have made tremendous strides since 2004 when we launched 50x15—our global leadership initiative to enable affordable Internet access and basic computing capability to 50 percent of the world’s population by the year 2015.
We have empowered people around the world by giving them access to the Internet, including millions of students throughout rural China alone. We have forged new relationships with Lenovo, Microsoft, Samsung and Telmex, among many others, to foster digital inclusion within high-growth markets. We are a founding member of the One Laptop Per Child (OLPC) initiative and there are plans to have volume OLPC deployments based on AMD technology later this year. We have developed innovative new business models and demonstrated that 50x15 can succeed. In 2007, we intend to build on our success and accelerate Internet use. The acquisition of ATI further enhances our ability to deliver solutions—such as solutions for handsets—that are uniquely tailored for the vastly different regions in the world.
We believe that 50x15 reflects not just goodwill, but good business sense as well. As we enable further Internet adoption in high-growth markets, we can help create billions of new technology consumers.
Corporate Social Responsibility
From a sustainability standpoint, AMD is again demonstrating its leadership.
In accordance with AMD’s annual Global Climate Protection Plan, in the last five years we have reduced our company-wide normalized emissions of greenhouse gases by more than 50 percent. We strive to maximize energy efficiency, lower costs, and reduce environmental impact through product and technology innovations, facilities design and operations, as well as purchases of renewable energy. In part because of these efforts, AMD was recognized in February 2007 by Corporate Responsibility Officer as the second-best corporate citizen in 2007, and was named by BusinessWeek in January 2007 as one of the world’s top 100 corporate role models in sustainable business practices.
AMD’s Vision for the Future
AMD has a bold vision for the future. We have the right plans, the right strategies, the right assets, and an outstanding and enthusiastic global work force.

AMD must continue executing to its manufacturing strategy. In 2006, we commenced 65nm chip production on schedule and initiated product shipments from Fab 36 and our foundry partner Chartered Semiconductor. We announced significant expansion plans in Dresden with the conversion of Fab 30 to manufacturing on 300mm technology beginning this year, and entered an agreement with the State of New York where we have the flexibility to build our next Fab. These milestones reflect AMD’s overall Flex-fab strategy, which allows us to smartly expand our flexible manufacturing capacity to align with short and long-term market demand, and continued customer adoption.
We continue to work toward an open and level playing field. Global antitrust scrutiny on our competitor is tightening. From Japan to South Korea to Europe to the United States, investigations into Intel’s practices are revealing patterns of anti-competitive behavior that harms the industry and consumers. AMD will continue to lead the fight for fair and open competition. We will work with government agencies and national leaders to ensure that business opportunities in markets around the world are open to all, for the benefit of consumers.
There is much more to the AMD story and I encourage you to read about it at http://www.amd.com/corporateoverview.
We are well on our way to realizing AMD’s full potential—one based on the cornerstones of customer focus, technological innovation, corporate responsibility, and passionate commitment to customer and consumer choice and value.
Sincerely,
Hector de J. Ruiz Chairman and CEO
March 2007
The statements in this letter include forward-looking statements relating to our long-term prospects, the features of new products and technologies and the timing of new product releases; the trends in, growth of, and competitive landscape of the markets in which we participate; our capacity expansion plans; the addition of a potential new fabrication facility in Luther Forest, New York; and anticipated synergies from the acquisition of ATI. The forward-looking statements contained herein are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. The material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, without limitation: that Intel Corporation’s pricing, marketing and rebating programs, product bundling, standard setting, new product introductions, or other activities may negatively impact sales; any inability to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our recent acquisition of ATI because the synergies expected from the transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; additional capital requirements and any inability to raise sufficient capital, on favorable terms or at all; unexpected variations in market growth and demand for our products and technologies in light of the product mix that we may have available at any particular time or even a decline in demand; any inability to transition to advanced manufacturing process technologies in a timely and effective way, consistent with planned capital expenditures; and any inability to develop, launch and ramp new products and technologies in the volumes and mix required by the market at mature yields and on a timely basis. We urge investors to review in detail the risks and uncertainties in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006.
  