MARCH 2016

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
For more than 46 years, AMD has been defined by innovating at the leading edge of technology. Our greatest successes have come from our steadfast belief that our unique technology assets, engineering talent, and intellectual property (IP) provide us with an opportunity to create differentiated, leadership products. And, thanks to the fast pace of change within our industry, bold companies willing to invest in big technology bets can re-shape the market.

2015 HIGHLIGHTS In 2015 we laid a solid foundation that will allow us to leverage our unique technology assets to deliver high-performance gaming products, immersive platforms, and datacenter computing solutions capable of fueling sustainable growth and improved financial results, including:
· Strengthening our product offerings with the launch of our 6th Generation A-Series APUs (codenamed "Carrizo") and introducing the industry's first GPUs featuring innovative die-stacked high-bandwidth memory (HBM). We also launched the RadeonTM Fury Nano, the world's smallest and most energy-efficient enthusiast graphics card and expanded our product portfolio to include 64-bit ARM solutions with the introduction of our first datacenter-class ARM SoC, the AMD OpteronTM A1100. · Improving the performance of our Computing and Graphics segment in the second half of the year, delivering two straight quarters of sequential double-digit revenue growth. · Diversifying our client compute revenue by further expanding our presence in the profitable commercial PC market, highlighted by HP selecting our newest AMD PRO Series commercial APUs as the exclusive launch processors for its latest EliteBook commercial client systems ­ a first for AMD. · Becoming the exclusive supplier of discrete GPUs spanning Apple's entire line of consumer and professional computers. · Setting a record for annual semi-custom unit shipments as a critical and trusted partner powering the latest game consoles from Microsoft and Sony. · Cementing our position as the #1 embedded processor provider for the thin client market. · Sharpening our emphasis on visual and immersive computing with the formation of the Radeon Technologies Group to drive a singular focus on developing and delivering industry-leading graphics technology. · Simplifying our business with the formation of a joint venture with Nantong Fujitsu Microelectronics that combines our assembly, test, mark, and pack facilities with NFME's established outsourced semiconductor assembly and test expertise. While I am proud of these accomplishments, our 2015 annual revenue decreased to $4 billion and we recorded a net loss. 2015 was an important transition year for us as we executed our long-term technology roadmap and continued to invest in gaming, immersive platforms, and the datacenter. I am confident that we can consistently improve on our financial performance over the coming years based on the foundation we have built.

OUR OPPORTUNITIES IN 2016 AND BEYOND The industry is entering a new era defined by billions of connected devices and the emergence of immersive computing experiences that seamlessly blend the physical and digital worlds to fundamentally change how we interact with technology. These trends will drive increased demand for our high-performance computing and graphics technologies and represent a $60 billion market for AMD. To take full advantage of these opportunities we have developed a sustained, high-performance roadmap intended to significantly grow our presence in the PC and datacenter markets, fuel our expansion into new compute-intensive markets, and provide incremental opportunities to strategically monetize our IP through complementary licensing and partnerships.

In 2016 we are introducing our first wave of revolutionary new products to re-establish AMD as a high-performance design leader, including: · Our "Polaris" GPU architecture, which combines significant architectural enhancements and 14nm FinFET manufacturing technology to deliver double the performance-per-watt of our current GPU offerings. We will also continue fostering the development of an open source software ecosystem as we introduce tools to ensure that consumers and programmers get the best possible visual experiences by choosing AMD graphics. · Our first new grounds-up, x86 CPU core in more than five years, codenamed "Zen." "Zen" is on track to deliver an unprecedented 40 percent generational increase in instructions per clock, strengthening our competitive positioning across the entire computing market. Our first "Zen"-based offerings will target the high-end desktop PC market, followed by a strong return to the datacenter market in 2017 with a "Zen"-based server CPU and the introduction of "Zen"-based APUs for high-performance notebooks. Customer interest is strong based on the value proposition and dramatic performance improvements of the products as well as the long-term roadmap we have developed to address the needs of the computing markets over the coming years. · Higher-performance embedded offerings capable of driving margin-accretive revenue growth across a targeted set of markets including medical imaging devices, digital signage, thin clients, networking and communications, and storage. · New semi-custom designs that leverage our strong IP and system integration capabilities.

COMPLETING OUR TRANSITION 2015 was a period of intense innovation for AMD as we reinvigorated the company by sharpening our focus on building great products and making key investments in core technologies. We enter 2016 with our strongest multi-generational product roadmap in more than a decade intended to establish AMD as the high-performance leader for gaming, immersive platforms, and the datacenter.
I want to thank the AMD employees around the world who contributed to our progress and remain committed to our shared passion to win in everything we do. Together, we have built a solid foundation for a bolder AMD. I am confident that we are on a path to realize our full potential through sustained innovation and deep partnerships with our strategic customers as we create products and solutions capable of not only re-shaping the industry but changing the world.

Dr. Lisa Su President and Chief Executive Officer

The world's top companies trust AMD.
AMD powers everything from the Microsoft® Xbox OneTM and the Sony PlayStation 4 to powerful desktops and Windows 10®-based laptops, 5K iMacs, the Mac Pro and beyond.

