: LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Flash
By any measure, 2000 was the most successful year in AMD’s history!
At AMD, we define “success” as “profitable growth.”
For the year, AMD had record sales, record operating income, record net income, and record earnings per share. With sales of $4,644,187,000, AMD posted year-on-year growth of 63 percent— a phenomenal achievement for a company our size — and eclipsed the semiconductor industry’s very strong growth of 37 percent.
Our profit performance was spectacular! We earned nearly $1 billion in net income, and our operating income approaching $890 million was four times the previous best year in our 31-year history. Most gratifying, our operating income
exceeded all of the operating losses incurred during the previous four years as we were making the investments necessary to achieve leadership in Flash memory products and PC processors.
The largest contributor to our achievement of record operating income was our outstanding performance in Flash memory devices. Our achievements in this market — the fastest-growing major segment of the semiconductor industry — are often overlooked and under-reported as analysts and the media focus their attention on our ongoing challenge to the reigning 800-pound gorilla in the PC processor industry. The Flash commentary at the end of this letter discusses our significant achievements as well as the near-term challenges we face in the Flash memory arena.
We achieved our principal objective for the first 1,000 days, and by the end of 1998, we had estab- lished AMD as the nucleating point for an alterna- tive PC platform. The principal objective for our second 1,000-day journey — a journey that will take us through the end of 2001—was to extract value for AMD shareholders from the substantial invest- ments we have made in wealth-producing assets.
The first element of our strategy was the develop- ment of platforms based on processor products with compelling features that would deliver a competitive advantage within the Microsoft Windows standard. The second element was leading-edge process technology that would enable us to deliver high- performance processors at competitive costs. The final element was production capacity capable of building our processors utilizing that technology in volume to support our customers as they came to depend on AMD for a growing proportion of their requirements.
Clearly, we are now achieving the objective of our second 1,000 days.
As we began the second 1,000-day journey, we said that the then-forthcoming AMD-K7TM processor would be critical to our success. The AMD-K7 processor, the industry’s first seventh- generation processor, came to market in mid- 1999 as the high-performance AMD AthlonTM processor. Later, we introduced a derivative version for the value segment of the market, the AMD DuronTM processor. Rapid market acceptance of these industry-leading products enabled us to record a six-fold increase in AMD Athlon/AMD Duron processor revenues to more than $1.6 billion, driving total PC processor revenues to more than $2.3 billion for the year. The largest contributor to our achievement of record sales in 2000 was the success of the AMD Athlon processor.
But we want more than success! We want to win, which under our definition means gaining market share. We believe AMD gained three points of unit market share in the PC processor arena, to 17 percent in 2000.
In our industry, there are three ways to win: out-invest, out-produce, or out-innovate the competi- tion. We know that we cannot out-invest or out- produce our much larger and much richer competitor. Therefore we plan to win by out- innovating the competition, delivering products and services that contribute to our customers’ success.
One important measure of innovative ideas is patents issued by the United States Patent and
Positioned as the leading vendor of Flash memory devices
The vast majority of our capital assets have been AMDapplied to achieving success in the PC processor market. Accordingly, the remainder of this letter will focus on the achievements, strategies, and plans
Athlonrelated to our overarching goal of establishing AMD as the preferred provider — a partner to our customers rather than a competitor — of micro- processor-centric solutions for PCs, workstations,
and servers.
In 1996, on the heels of the introduction of a
fifth-generation PC processor — our first independ- ently engineered PC processor — we issued a challenge to our worldwide sales force. That challenge was to exploit a 1,000-day window of opportunity to establish an alternative platform for Microsoft® Windows® computing. Thus began the first of several 1,000-day journeys.
Powering the next generation in computing platforms
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS :2

Trademark Office. By that measure, AMD has been and is achieving significant returns on its sustained and sizable investments in research and development. In 1998, AMD received 560 patents and ranked number 24 among all the companies in the world in the number of patents issued. In 1999, AMD received 825 patents and moved up to number 18 in the world. Last year, with 1,055 new patents issued, AMD ranked 12 in the world — seven places ahead of Intel !
Obviously, to win in the marketplace, a company must translate its innovative concepts and better ideas into real products that offer a compelling advantage to its customers. Our track record in incorporating better ideas into PC processors and platforms is impressive:
• AMD was the first PC processor producer to use a superscalar RISC implementation of the x86 instruction set to run the Microsoft Windows operating system.
• AMD was first to use “flip-chip” technology in an x86 processor.
• AMD developed 3DNow! TM technology, the first non-Intel extensions to the x86 instruction set supported by Microsoft.
• AMD was first to use a 100-megahertz (MHz) bus to speed the exchange of data between the processor and the other components of the PC system.
With the introduction of the AMD Athlon processor in mid-1999, AMD accelerated both the pace and the delivered benefits of innovative concepts:
• AMDwasthefirsttointroduceaseventh-generation PC processor.
• AMD was the first to employ copper interconnect technology in an x86 processor.
• AMD was the first to use a 200-MHz bus, scalable to 400-MHz (current versions of the AMD Athlon processor feature a 266MHz bus).
• To the critical acclaim of the industry, AMD was the first to break the gigahertz barrier when we introduced the 1-GHz AMD Athlon processor on March 6, 2000.
The AMD Athlon processor was at introduction and today is the world’s highest-performance PC processor !
Our achievements in delivering compelling solutions to PC manufacturers and users have not gone unnoticed. To date, our seventh-generation AMD Athlon and AMD Duron processors have
received more than 80 prestigious awards from independent publications and organizations. These awards are detailed on page 6 of this report.
The most satisfying of all of these awards was our unprecedented repeat win when the authorita- tive Microprocessor Report, having previously
AMD
3: LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Innovative technology that lasts
judged the AMD Athlon processor Best PC Processor of 1999 award, followed up by recogniz- ing the latest version of the AMD Athlon proces- sor as the Best PC Processor of 2000! Notably, Microprocessor Report chose the AMD Athlon processor in a head-to-head comparison with Intel’s Pentium 4 processor!
In the final quarter of 2000, we began volume shipments of a 1.2-GHz version of the AMD Athlon processor. Independent performance bench- marks show that this version of the AMD Athlon processor with the AMD-760 chipset supporting DDR (double-data-rate) SDRAM outperforms Intel’s 1.5-GHz Pentium 4 processor on the most commonly used business applications. Even when the Pentium 4 is over-clocked to 1.73GHz, the AMD Athlon processor achieved higher perform- ance on these independent benchmarks.
Simply put, the AMD Athlon processor is faster at any speed!
The near-flawless startup of Fab 30 in Dresden in mid-year made important contributions to our success. From the onset of production, yields and speed-grade distributions were excellent, and our Dresden team executed a rapid production ramp,
AMD-760
DDR SDRAM memory technology offering peak memory bandwidths up to 2.1GB/sec
Chipset
reaching approximately 50 percent of capacity by year-end. Fab 30 began production employing our 180-nanometer, HiP-6 technology with copper interconnects — a technology co-developed under an alliance with Motorola that we entered into in 1998. We plan to ramp Fab 30 to full capacity even as we implement 130-nanometer technology in the fourth quarter of this year.
Innovation goes beyond process technology, product platforms, and production—it also applies to strategy and organizational approach. We’re pragmatic at AMD and we’re aware of the often-voiced maxim that “a good big man will beat a good little man every time.” If you’re not an 800-pound gorilla and being successful means that you must take one on, you must become a virtual gorilla.
Duron

Simply put, this means taking advantage of the existing infrastructure, developing new infrastruc- ture with partners, and forging alliances with technology leaders to leverage our own significant technical achievements with theirs.
Let’s look at the progress AMD has made over the past several years.
Our fifth-generation PC processor simply plugged into the existing Intel socket.
For our sixth-generation processor, we extended and enhanced the Intel infrastructure by collaborat- ing with third-party chipset manufacturers and motherboard suppliers.
For our seventh-generation processor family, we extended those relationships further and created AMD an entirely new “bus-independent” infrastructure and DDR platform. Today there are three chipset
AMD PowerNow! significantly extends battery life in notebook PCs
PowerNow!TM
Even in the current environment, however, we believe AMD overall will grow faster than the industry. We expect to continue to extract value for our shareholders from the substantial invest- ments we have made.
Looking beyond the current year, in the first half of 2002, we plan to introduce the Hammer Family and 64-bit computing to our markets. The Hammer Family is the culmination of our long- term strategy for a totally independent alternative that will extend our lead in PC processors and provide competitive platform solutions for PC servers and workstations.
Innovation is all about ideas, and the Hammer Family is clearly a better idea.
The AMD x86-64 technology will deliver unsurpassed 32-bit performance in Windows computing while enabling a seamless transition to 64-bit computing.
Our eighth-generation Hammer Family will be manufactured in the next-generation 130- nanometer, HiP-7 technology, again co-developed through our Motorola alliance. All versions of the Hammer Family will employ SOI (silicon-on- insulator) technology for enhanced performance and reduced power consumption. As yet another example of our virtual gorilla strategy, we have entered into an agreement with IBM, the industry leader in SOI technology, relating to the design of SOI devices to enhance the success of the Hammer Family.
AMD innovations in the instruction set, I/O capability, and architecture in our eighth-generation Hammer Family are designed to catapult AMD to leadership in a 64-bit world in our third 1,000 days.
That’s a story for next year’s letter. Thank you for your continuing support.
Hector de J. Ruiz
President and
Chief Operating Officer
February 28, 2001
manufacturers (3 chipset partners, 4 total producing chipsets if you count us) and 50 motherboard suppliers (with more than 260 unique mother- board designs in either development or production!) supporting the AMD Athlon and AMD Duron processors.
Going forward, we plan to extend the reach and pen- etration of our PC processors. This quarter, we plan to introduce the first power-managed version of the AMD Athlon processor with architectural enhancements that will enable AMD to penetrate the perform- ance and professional mobile market. Additionally, with the advent of the AMD-760TMMP chipset, which supports two processors, we will have for the first time a compelling solution for workstation and server applications.
With outstanding operational performance and with a product portfolio better positioned than at any time in our history, we believe we can continue to gain market share.
The current slowdown in PC demand, which came upon the industry so swiftly and severely late last year, will have a dampening effect on our growth and operating results for the first half of 2001. We believe the “Cassandra Chorus” now proclaiming the death of the PC is once again wrong. We continue to believe that the PC, in both wired and wireless forms, will continue to be the hub of the digital universe.
  W.J. Sanders III
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
  The forward-looking statements contained in the above letter are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in this annual report and the company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS :4
