 Letter to Shareholders
                 Overview
2018 was an exceptional year for AMETEK. Our businesses delivered outstanding operating performance, resulting in a record level of sales, orders, EBITDA, operating income, operating cash flow, free cash flow and diluted earnings per share. We deployed a record level of capital on strategic acquisitions in 2018, while also opportunistically repurchasing shares and meaningfully increasing our dividend.
Sales grew 13% to $4.8 billion, including 7% organic sales growth. Orders grew 11%, allowing us to end the year with a record backlog of $1.6 billion and solid visibility entering 2019. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) increased
to $1.3 billion, or 26.2% of sales. Operating income was $1.1 billion, an increase of 16%, and operating margins expanded 70 basis points to 22.2%. Earnings per diluted share were $3.29, an increase of 26%. Free cash flow increased 11% to $843 million and we deployed
a record $1.5 billion of capital in 2018 on strategic acquisitions
and share repurchases. We also made significant investments in our businesses to position them for the future.
Those excellent results were driven by the AMETEK Growth Model, which integrates our
Four Growth Strategies — Operational Excellence, New Product Development, Global and
Market Expansion, and Strategic Acquisitions — with a disciplined focus on cash generation and capital deployment. Additionally, at the core of the AMETEK Growth Model is a focus on talent development. Combined, these elements provide a scalable platform for long-term growth.
As we look forward to 2019 and beyond, we are confident this growth model will continue to deliver tremendous value for all of AMETEK’s stakeholders.
In this report, we outline our performance in 2018, the key secular growth trends that our businesses serve and the key components of the AMETEK Growth Model, along with advances we made during the year to
support our mission: Solving our customers’ most complex challenges with differentiated technology solutions.
Operational Excellence
Operational Excellence is the cornerstone strategy of the AMETEK Growth Model and is ingrained in our culture. Within our Operational Excellence tool kit, we employ systems, processes and best practices, including Lean/
Six Sigma, Value Analysis/Value Engineering, global sourcing and strategic procurement. These
tools drive continual efficiency improvements and outstanding operating performance, profitability and working capital.
We continue to see exceptional results from these efforts. For the year, we generated $90 million in savings through our Operational Excellence initiatives, including more than $70 million from our global sourcing and strategic procurement activities. Additionally, we continue to drive improvements in working capital, with year-end working capital reduced to 16.9% of total sales.
Furthermore, in 2018, we successfully managed a changing global environment with proactive initiatives. We remain confident in our ability to manage inflation and tariff headwinds. This confidence
is supported by our ability to capture incremental pricing due to the highly differentiated nature of our businesses, the strength and flexibility of our global supply chain, and our ability to shift production, given our asset-light business model. Our proven Operational Excellence capabilities, which capture each of these elements, position us extremely well to manage the impacts from tariffs in 2019.
New Product Development
New products and technology
are critical to AMETEK’s long-
term success. Our businesses,
and their highly skilled research, development and engineering teams, are working closely with our customers to develop differentiated technology solutions that solve their most complex challenges.
 2 Letter to Shareholders

                “Solving our customers’ most complex challenges with differentiated technology solutions”
We are committed to supporting our businesses with strong investments in research, development and engineering.
In 2018, we invested more than $230 million in those initiatives, or 5% of total sales.
Our newest products and solutions have gained excellent traction in their respective markets. During the year, we unveiled new products in high-speed digital imaging, laboratory analysis and ultra- precise measurement equipment, power monitoring systems, and medical solutions, to name just a few examples.
To gauge the effectiveness of these new solutions, we calculate our Vitality Index — the percentage
of sales derived from products released within the last three years. Our Vitality Index for 2018 was an impressive 25%, which speaks
to the success of our research, development and engineering efforts.
Global and Market Expansion
We remain committed to expanding our footprint into adjacent
markets and new geographic regions around the world. By enhancing our international sales and service infrastructure, we
are well-positioned to capture additional share in new markets.
Over the past two years, we have broadened our commercial excellence tools to improve
organic sales growth. Those tools include growth kaizens, digital marketing, sales force effectiveness, aftermarket services and voice- of-customer programs. Those initiatives are yielding positive results as our businesses are doing an excellent job integrating them into their continuous improvement processes.
In October, we celebrated the opening of our new Technology Solutions Centre in Bengaluru, India, which is equipped with products and technology from nearly 30 AMETEK businesses. This state-of-the-art facility showcases AMETEK’s latest technology, serving key markets such as aerospace, automation, precision manufacturing, test and measurement, and process analysis.
The Centre is designed to help customers develop new products and select the best solutions for their specific needs, as well as to service our products. The facility allows our teams to provide hands- on demonstrations and training, and greatly enhances our businesses’ ability to expand their positions in India’s attractive growth markets.
At $2.4 billion, international sales in 2018 represented half of AMETEK’s total sales with broad-based growth across all key geographies. We remain focused on strategically investing to further grow our businesses in global markets. We will continue to expand our global
sales channels, develop additional service capabilities, and add to our manufacturing flexibility to better serve our customers and support our global growth.
Strategic Acquisitions
Acquiring businesses with differentiated technology continues to be the primary focus of our capital deployment strategy. We had an outstanding year in 2018, deploying a record $1.1 billion
on six acquisitions and adding approximately $350 million in annual sales.
We highlight those acquisitions
in this report, as they are exciting additions for AMETEK. They
serve niche markets with highly differentiated technology solutions and hold leading positions in
global growth markets. We are confident those businesses will add significant value to our company.
Given the strength of our cash
flows and balance sheet, we
have sufficient capacity to pursue additional acquisitions. We remain disciplined in our acquisition efforts, utilizing our proven deal sourcing, due diligence and integration processes to acquire attractive businesses and drive excellent returns on capital.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
The solid execution of our Four Growth Strategies, along with our asset-light business model,
 Letter to Shareholders 3

                 $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
12/08 12/09
12/10
12/11
12/12
S&P 500
12/13
12/14 12/15
S&P Industrials
12/16
12/17 12/18 Russell 1000
Total Return to Shareholders
              AMETEK, Inc.
    The chart compares the performance of $100 invested in AMETEK, Inc., against the S&P 500, S&P Industrials and Russell 1000 Indexes on December 31, 2008, including reinvestment of dividends. AMETEK’s total return to shareholders 10-year CAGR is 18%.
allows our businesses to generate strong and sustainable levels of cash flow. It is a key focus for our business leaders, who are tasked with minimizing their businesses’ working capital needs and maximizing operating cash flows.
2018 was an exceptional year
for AMETEK in terms of cash generation. Full-year operating cash flow grew 11% to a record $926 million. Free cash flow for the year totaled $843 million, up 11% over 2017, resulting in a free cash conversion ratio of 110% of net income.
The excellent cash flow generated by our businesses, along with
the strength of our balance
sheet, provides us with significant flexibility in our deployment of capital. Strategic acquisitions remain our top priority for capital deployment. Opportunistic share repurchases and modest dividends remain secondary uses of free cash flow. In addition to the $1.1 billion we deployed in 2018 on strategic acquisitions, we also repurchased
nearly 5.1 million shares of our common stock for approximately $368 million, and we increased our dividend by 56%. By taking these actions, we can compound our company’s growth and drive long- term shareholder value.
Looking Ahead to 2019 and Beyond
Given our recent results and
the strength of our underlying businesses, we have an increasingly positive outlook for the future. Our stated goal to double earnings every five years remains unchanged. The AMETEK Growth Model and underlying growth strategies are proven and scalable.
We remain well-positioned to capitalize on the global secular growth trends our businesses support. Our management team is experienced and committed to delivering shareholder value.
Our culture is ingrained in our business and is based on our core values of ethical business practices, respect for the individual, diversity,
teamwork and social responsibility. Our businesses are empowered
to do what is right for their customers, their colleagues and their communities. The AMETEK Foundation partners with our colleagues in this effort by making positive impacts in the areas of children’s education, health and welfare, and civic and social service programs in the communities
where we operate. This culture is fundamental to our sustainable success.
I thank all my AMETEK colleagues for their hard work and tireless devotion to our business model. They delivered outstanding performance with record results in 2018 and helped position our company for a bright future.
.
 David A. Zapico
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 4 Letter to Shareholders
