2
Letter to Shareholders
AMETEK had another outstanding year in 2014, establishing records for sales, orders, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share. We benefited from strong sales performances worldwide, contributions from our recent acquisitions, and the continued implementation of our Four Growth Strategies.
 A Record-Setting Year
Our businesses performed well in 2014. We established records for essentially all key financial metrics, including sales, orders, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share, and operating cash flow.
Our 2014 sales were
$4.0 billion, up 12% from 2013. Excluding Zygo integration costs of $18.9 million or $0.05 per diluted share, operating income was $917.5 million, up 13%
from 2013, and diluted earnings per share were $2.42, up 15% from the $2.10 earned in 2013. Operating cash flow was a record $726.0 million, up
10% from 2013. Our year-end order backlog was a record $1.2 billion, and working capital an excellent 17.1% of sales.
By focusing on the implementation of our Four Growth Strategies, our management team and our employees did an outstanding job in delivering exceptional results despite modest global economic growth.
2015 Outlook
With our record order backlog, excellent operating margin, and strong free cash flow, we expect our businesses to report solid growth in sales and earnings in 2015.
We will continue to focus
on acquiring new businesses, investing in new products, and expanding globally. Our solid balance sheet and significant cash flow provide us with plenty of liquidity to operate our businesses and pursue our growth strategies.
Strategic Vision and Goals
Our commitment is to double the size and profitability of AMETEK over the next five years. We will build on the foundation
of our Four Growth Strategies. With the support of our highly committed workforce, disciplined management approach, and strong set of core corporate values, we will achieve our strategic vision and goals.
Operational Excellence
Operational Excellence is our cornerstone strategy. With its emphasis on cost reduction, asset management and operating efficiencies, it has been a key driver in our competitive and financial success.
Our Operational Excellence success is evidenced by our record business performance, operating margin improvements, and reduction in working capital requirements.
Our businesses have
done an excellent job in
driving continual operational improvements. Across AMETEK, we have embraced Operational Excellence methods such as lean manufacturing, Design for Six Sigma, and Value Analysis/ Value Engineering. Together, those methods have helped us streamline manufacturing, speed up new product development, and achieve record operating profit margins.
In 2014, we realized about $100 million in total cost savings from our various Operational Excellence initiatives. The largest contributors to those savings were our global sourcing and strategic procurement activities, which accounted for more than $70 million in savings in 2014.
In 2015, we expect about
$110 million in total savings through Operational Excellence, including an additional
$70 million in savings from our global sourcing and procurement initiatives.
Operational Excellence
has enabled us to efficiently expand low-cost manufacturing in China, the Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico, and Serbia.
The manufacturing facilities in those countries accounted for approximately $475 million in revenue in 2014 and are expected to top $500 million in 2015.
2014 AMETEK ANNUAL REPORT
 
  Strategic Acquisitions
We had another active year. We acquired five outstanding businesses, deployed approximately $575 million
in capital, and acquired approximately $285 million in new revenue.
Over the past two years, we have acquired eight businesses, deployed nearly $1 billion in capital, and acquired more than $460 million in new revenue.
The integration of those businesses has gone well. We have achieved operational improvements and have capitalized on exciting technology synergies between those businesses and our existing businesses.
Acquisitions will remain a key focus for 2015 and beyond. This strategy is an important driver in creating shareholder value. With our strong cash flow and the external financing facilities we have in place, we have ample capacity to maintain our current acquisition pace.
Recent acquisitions include:
• Teseq, a Swiss-based
leader in electromagnetic compatibility test equipment.
Teseq instruments are used in aerospace, automotive, medical equipment, telecommunications, transportation and other industries.
• VTI Instruments, a leader
in high-precision test and measurement devices. VTI expands our capabilities and product position in high- end test and measurement equipment.
• Luphos, a leader in non- contact metrology technology. It adds to our capabilities
in a range of high-precision measurement applications.
• Zygo, a leader in optical metrology solutions, high- precision optics, and optical assemblies. Zygo offers a broad range of metrology solutions for scientific, industrial, and medical applications.
• Amptek, a leader in X-ray detection technology. It expands our presence in several attractive segments of the laboratory and life sciences equipment market.
Global & Market Expansion
Global and market expansion has been a significant contributor to AMETEK’s success. We have positioned our businesses to capitalize on attractive growth opportunities in international markets and to expand into adjacent, higher- growth market segments.
We have added to our international manufacturing footprint, acquired businesses with significant international sales, and invested in developing our global sales and service capabilities.
Frank S. Hermance, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
These activities have yielded excellent results. International sales in 2014 were $2.2 billion and accounted for 55% of our total revenues. Our near-term goal is to generate 60% of our revenues outside the United States.
One way we will achieve
that goal is by strengthening
our sales and service support worldwide, especially in key emerging markets in Asia, where high-quality sales and service capabilities are important competitive differentiators.
We are focused on growing in emerging markets. In 2014, for example, our sales into the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India and China) totaled nearly $500 million, up 17% year over year.
2014 AMETEK ANNUAL REPORT
3
 
 4
New Products
New products are essential
to driving growth and building our position in global markets. We have invested consistently
in product development and engineering. The result has
been a steady stream of new product introductions across our businesses.
In 2014, we invested
$208 million in research, development and engineering— an increase of 17% over the
prior year. Over the past decade, we have spent $1.3 billion on new product development. This investment has paid off, as products launched in just the previous three years accounted for more than $900 million, or 23% of our 2014 sales. That success reflects our ability to develop and bring to market highly differentiated products that meet our customers’ needs.
Among our recent new products are advanced
aircraft sensors and thermal management systems; compact motion control products
for medical and industrial applications; high-precision test, measurement, imaging
and analysis tools used in
basic research and advanced manufacturing; and robust process analyzers for reducing emissions and improving energy efficiency.
Strong Corporate Values
We are dedicated to providing our customers with world-
class products and services while achieving consistent
and superior returns for our shareholders. At the same time, we are committed to the highest standards of business ethics and behavior.
We require all colleagues to adhere to a written Code of Ethics. We have a Financial Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and senior financial managers. In addition, we have
a well-established system of financial controls that senior management actively monitors, as well as additional safeguards to ensure the integrity and regulatory compliance of our businesses.
We are committed to a corporate culture that values diversity and fosters a work environment that enables our colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers.
We challenge our senior managers to recruit, train, and develop colleagues with diverse backgrounds and experience.
In 2007, we established
the Helmut N. Friedlaender Leadership Award, which includes achievement toward that objective among its criteria.
AMETEK is a responsible corporate citizen. We are sensitive to the needs of our local communities. We actively support
Corporate Executive Officers (from left to right): David A. Zapico, Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer;
Robert R. Mandos, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
John Wesley Hardin, President, Electronic Instruments; Timothy N. Jones, President, Electromechanical; Thomas C. Marecic, President, Electronic Instruments; Ronald J. Oscher, President, Electronic Instruments
programs designed to meet the health, education, social, and civic needs of the communities in which we operate. We also are committed to operating
our plants and facilities in an environmentally responsible manner.
In addition, many of our products support sustainability initiatives such as the production of renewable fuels and solar energy, the reduction of potentially harmful emissions, and improvement in material, process, and energy efficiencies.
Positive Outlook
We are confident about
the future. We have excellent businesses with leading-edge technologies. We are financially strong. We have a solid growth plan based on our Four Growth Strategies. Those strategies are working and are expected to yield even greater results in the future.
Supporting those strategies is a highly dedicated global workforce led by the most experienced management team in our history.
To better manage our growth opportunities, we named two additional leaders to our senior management team in 2014.
Tom Marecic has more than
20 years of experience with our process instruments businesses, and Ron Oscher joined AMETEK in 2010 following a successful career with several other leading manufacturers.
2014 AMETEK ANNUAL REPORT
 
  Both were promoted to the position of group president and member of our Corporate Executive Office.
AMETEK colleagues worldwide are committed to our success. Every day, they focus on achieving results, building value, and finding better ways to serve our customers, shareholders and fellow employees.
The chart depicts the performance of $100 invested in AMETEK, Inc., versus the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Indexes on December 31, 2004, including reinvestment of dividends. AMETEK’s total return to shareholders 10-year CAGR is 18%.
On their behalf, I thank you
for your continued support and express our appreciation for your investment in AMETEK. We look forward to keeping you informed of our achievements.
 Frank S. Hermance
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2015
$600
$480
$360
$240
$120
$0
Total Return to Shareholders
                                                  2014 AMETEK ANNUAL REPORT
5
 12/31/2004 12/31/2005
12/31/2006 12/31/2007
12/31/2008
12/31/2009 12/31/2010
12/31/2011 12/31/2012
12/31/2013
12/31/2014
