                                 2
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We were able to deliver solid results in 2016 despite a challenging global economic environment. Improving trends in the markets we serve give us confidence about 2017 and beyond. »
 Our Businesses
Performed Well
Our businesses faced challenging market conditions that character- ized the global economy in 2016. Despite those challenges, our businesses posted solid results and are well positioned entering 2017. Our outlook for the year ahead is positive.
We realized early on in 2016 that it would be a challenging year. Our businesses responded quickly, aligning their cost structures
to reflect market conditions. Importantly, we did not alter our long-term strategies. We focused on acquisitions and Operational Excellence initiatives, while main- taining our investments in research and development and market and global expansion.
Our sales in 2016 were $3.8 billion, down from $4.0 billion in 2015. We had operating income of $841 million and an operating margin of 21.9%. Net income totaled $538 million, or $2.30 per diluted share.
2017 Outlook
As we enter 2017, we are seeing improvements in many of our mar- kets, especially oil, gas and metals, which have been affected by the
global economy. Our fourth-quarter sales reflected sequentially higher sales and record operating cash flow of $247 million, up 24% from the prior-year fourth quarter.
We are optimistic about a return to sales and earnings growth in 2017. Market conditions have improved, and our businesses remain well positioned as leaders in their niche markets. We continue to drive operational improvements, while investing in important growth areas. We are confident in our ability to deploy our capital on strategic acquisitions.
Strategic Vision and
Goal
We are committed to our goal
of doubling AMETEK’s earnings per share over the next five years. With our strong business portfolio, proven operational capabilities and excellent cash flow, we can achieve that goal.
Guiding our efforts is a commitment to our Four Growth Strategies. Those strategies work in concert
to leverage the strength of our businesses and are scalable in creating additional value for our shareholders.
We have expanded our Operational Excellence toolkit and enhanced the front-end tools to spur sales growth. We are devoting sufficient resources to acquisitions, which we see as key drivers in creating shareholder value and expanding our businesses into attractive adjacent growth markets.
We are expanding our global sales channels, service infrastructure and manufacturing footprint. We will maintain our investment in new product development, tapping into Design for Six Sigma and Value Analysis/Value Engineering to max- imize the return on our investment and speed the innovation process.
Operational
Excellence
Operational Excellence is our cor- nerstone. It drives our operational and asset management initiatives and is key to our competitive and financial success. It helps us implement cost reductions and maintain a strong operating margin, despite economic and competitive pressures.
Operational Excellence is pivotal to achieving superior working capital and asset management results. Those are areas where we rank among the best of our peer

                                 3
  group. We see opportunities to further reduce our working capital requirements and improve the cash flow that funds our growth.
Operational Excellence is essential to expanding low-cost manufac- turing. Sales from those low-cost manufacturing facilities topped $440 million in 2016. Operational Excellence also plays a key role
in achieving synergies from newly acquired businesses and delivering consistent quality and value to our customers.
AMETEK was proactive in 2016 in driving operational improvements as our teams generated $130 million in Operational Excellence savings. We will continue to drive our Operational Excellence programs, while expanding them in the front end of our businesses as we move through 2017.
Strategic Acquisitions
AMETEK is an active acquirer. We have deployed about $730 million since the beginning of 2016 and acquired six businesses with annual revenues of nearly $300 million.
In 2016, we acquired:
» Brookfield, a global leader in vis- cosity measurement for research and development in the food and
FRANK S. HERMANCE
Executive Chairman of the Board
beverage, pharmaceutical, paint, chemicals, cosmetics and petro- leum industries
» ESP/SurgeX, a leader in products used to protect against, analyze and diagnose power-related issues and to control power to mission-critical equipment
» Nu Instruments, a leader in mag- netic sector mass spectrometry with a product line that comple- ments our high-end elemental analysis businesses
» HS Foils, a provider of radia- tion detector components and technology that complements AMETEK’s other materials analy- sis businesses
» Laserage, a leading provider of laser fabrication services to the medical device industry
Early in 2017, we completed the acquisition of Rauland-Borg, one of our largest acquisitions. It rep- resents an important new growth platform that greatly expands our presence in the medical industry.
Rauland is a recognized leader in health care workflow solutions. It has premier product and brand name recognition in the industry. Its call systems serve 70 percent of the leading hospitals in the United States.
DAVID A. ZAPICO
Chief Executive Officer
We believe Rauland has excellent growth potential, especially as health care shifts to value-based and patient-outcome improvement initiatives. We also see opportuni- ties to grow Rauland through new product development, acquisition and global expansion.
Looking ahead, our acquisition pipeline is strong. We have a disciplined acquisition process that has proven highly successful. We have the financial resources and management capabilities to acquire additional businesses with approx- imately $1.5 billion available to fund our growth.
Global & Market
Expansion
AMETEK is well established in global markets with more than half of our annual sales to customers outside the United States. We are committed to expanding our pres- ence in attractive, higher-growth regions and market segments.
We will continue to invest in our sales and service infrastructure globally to properly position our businesses. Our goal is to increase our international sales percentage to 60% of total sales, reflecting the growth potential of our businesses

                                 4
   WILLIAM J. BURKE
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
internationally and the increasingly global customer base for our products.
New Products
AMETEK has earned a reputation for technical leadership and product innova- tion. Our businesses have done a great job developing new products for our core markets. We are finding innovative ways to expand our technology into adjacent markets and applications.
We are committed to maintaining a sizable investment in research, develop- ment and engineering, having invested
TONY J. CIAMPITTI
President, Electronic Instruments
$201 million or roughly 5% of our sales in 2016 and nearly $1 billion over the past five years.
Among the ways we gauge the success of our new product development strat- egy is through our vitality index, which measures the amount of sales generated from products launched in the past three years. By that measure, sales from new products accounted for $930 million, or 24% of our 2016 sales.
Among the products introduced last year were advanced automation and motion
JOHN WESLEY HARDIN
President, Electronic Instruments
control systems; high-end analyzers, imagers, and test and measurement devices; high-reliability power instru- ments and systems; and precision manufacturing tools and devices.
Strong Core Values
Embedded within our Four Growth Strategies is a disciplined approach to managing our businesses. At the heart of that approach is a set of underlying core values. The first among these is a commitment to the highest standards of business behavior.
Total Return to Shareholders
  $400 $300 $200
 $100 $0
   The chart depicts the performance of
$100 invested in AMETEK, Inc., versus
the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Indexes on December 31, 2006, including reinvestment of dividends. AMETEK’s total return to shareholders 10-year CAGR is 16%.
   AMETEK, Inc.
Russell 1000 Index
S&P 500 Index
   12/31/2006 12/31/2007
12/31/2008 12/31/2009
12/31/2010 12/31/2011
12/31/2012 12/31/2013
12/31/2014 12/31/2015
12/31/2016

                                    TIMOTHY N. JONES
President, Electromechanical Group
We require all colleagues to adhere
to a written Code of Ethics. Our Chief Executive Officer and senior managers are required to adhere to an additional Financial Code of Ethics. We maintain additional controls to ensure the integrity and compliance of our businesses and financial systems.
AMETEK is committed to a culture that values diversity and fosters a work envi- ronment that allows our colleagues to develop meaningful careers. Our senior managers are challenged to recruit, train and develop colleagues with diverse backgrounds and experience. When we established the Helmut N. Friedlaender Leadership Award in 2006, we set achievement of goals toward that objective among its criteria.
We are committed to operating our facilities in an environmentally respon- sible manner. Many of our products help support sustainability initiatives, including the production of renewable fuels and solar energy, the reduction
of potentially harmful emissions and greenhouse gases, and improvement in material, process and energy efficiency.
We are sensitive to the needs of our local communities and support pro- grams that help them meet their health, education and social needs.
Our goal is to provide our customers with world-class products and services, while achieving consistent and superior returns on their investment for our shareholders.
THOMAS C. MARECIC
President, Electronic Instruments
Management Transition
In 2016, we continued a planned succes- sion among our senior leadership that has been underway for several years.
In May, David Zapico was elected as Chief Executive Officer from his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Frank Hermance transitioned to the role of Executive Chairman of the Board, following 17 years as Chief Executive Officer, includ- ing 15 years as Chairman.
Robert Mandos, who served AMETEK for 35 years, retired as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He was succeeded by William Burke, a 30-year AMETEK veteran who had been Senior Vice President, Comptroller and Treasurer.
Ronald Oscher was named Chief Administrative Officer and was succeeded as President, Electronic Instruments, by Tony Ciampitti, a 20-year AMETEK veteran, who had been Vice President and General Manager of our Power Systems and Instruments Division.
With those and other management changes, we now have in place the most talented and experienced management team in our Company’s history.
Confident Future
Near term, we are cautiously optimistic. Longer term, we are extremely confident about our growth potential. AMETEK has a solid foundation on which to grow.
RONALD J. OSCHER
Chief Administrative Officer
Our Growth Strategies are proven and scalable. We have an excellent set of niche, differentiated businesses. We generate tremendous cash flow and have a strong balance sheet to support our growth initiatives.
AMETEK has a strong, experienced management team and dedicated work- force. We asked a lot from our teams in 2016 and, as usual, they stepped up and delivered. We recognize those efforts, and thank our colleagues for their hard work and dedication.
We greatly appreciate our shareholders’ support and confidence. We believe
our growth strategies continue to create value for your investment, and we look forward to reporting to you the results of our efforts.
FRANK S. HERMANCE
Executive Chairman of the Board
DAVID A. ZAPICO
Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2017
5
  