                      ShareholderS
   aN ouTSTaNDiNg yEaR
2010 was an outstanding year. We benefitted from our strong business portfolio, proven operational capabilities and a continued focus on our Four Growth Strategies. We set full-year records for operating income, operating margins, net income and diluted earnings per share. We invested more than half a billion dollars in acquisitions and, in the process, acquired some outstanding new businesses.
We had 2010 sales of $2.5 billion, up 18% from 2009. Operating income was $482 million, compared with $366 million in 2009, up 32%. We had an operating profit margin of 19.5%, up 210 basis points from 2009. Our net income was $284 million, or $1.76 per diluted share, compared with $206 million, or $1.27 per diluted share, in 2009. Operating cash flow was superb at $423 million, up 16% from 2009. All per share amounts reflect a 3-for-2 stock split paid to shareholders on December 21, 2010.
ouTlook foR 2011
our outlook for 2011 is especially positive. We enter 2011 with a record backlog of orders. We expect our businesses to continue to perform well and show solid growth in 2011 with our longer- cycle oil and gas, power and aerospace businesses showing particular strength. We also expect to benefit from the full-year contribution of our 2010 acquisitions.
$250 200
The chart to the right depicts
the performance of $100
invested in AMETEK, Inc. 150 versus the Russell 1000 and
the Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment Indexes on 100 December 31, 2005, including reinvestment of dividends.
50
0 12/05
PoSiTioNED foR gRowTh
We remain committed to achieving our vision of doubling the size and profitability of AMETEK over the next five years.
our vision is firmly set on the foundation of our Four Growth Strategies: operational Excellence, Strategic Acquisitions, Global & Market Expansion, and new products. Those strategies are imple- mented by a proven management team, utilizing a disciplined business approach and adhering to a strong set of core corporate values.
Going forward, we will continue to focus on acquiring differentiated businesses, pursuing opportunities in new and emerging technologies, and establishing new growth platforms for the Company.
oPERaTioNal ExcEllENcE
operational Excellence is the cornerstone strat- egy of our Corporate Growth plan and a significant contributor to our success. It was an essential factor in our ability to leverage our business model and bring our strong sales growth to the bottom line in 2010. With a focus on cost reduction and asset management, operational Excellence was a key driver in our operating profit margin reaching a record 19.5% in 2010.
operational Excellence is key to our achieving improved operating efficiencies and superior asset management results. It helped us establish a lean manufacturing platform for our cost-driven
  Total Return to Shareholders
                 AMETEK, Inc.
Russell 1000
Dow Jones U.S. Electronic Equipment
12/06
12/07
12/08 12/09
12/10
    2
AMETEK 2010 AnnuAl REpoRT

                    businesses and allowed us to smoothly expand low-cost manufacturing at our plants in China, the Czech Republic and Mexico. Sales from those plants totaled $330 million in 2010, up nearly 22% from 2009.
We have adapted lean manufacturing techniques and applied them to our back office operations and new product development efforts. We also continue to drive lower costs through our Global Sourcing and Strategic procurement Initiatives, which generated $27 million in savings in 2010.
STRaTEgic acquiSiTioNS
We have a focused acquisition strategy, a thor- ough due diligence process, and a proven ability to quickly integrate newly acquired businesses. We had a tremendous year for acquisitions in 2010.
We deployed nearly $540 million in capital on acquisitions, a record level for us, and acquired businesses with more than $220 million in annual revenue. These highly differentiated businesses expand our market opportunities and technology base in the areas of precision motion control, materials testing, electrical interconnects, programmable power and high-end analytical instrumentation.
our 2010 acquisitions include:
¥Sterling Ultra Precision, a reseller of machine tools and proprietary software used in the niche ophthalmic lens market
¥Imago Scientific Instruments, a pioneer in leading- edge 3D atom probe technology used by leading research facilities engaged in nanotechnology and advanced materials science
¥Technical Services for Electronics, a leader in highly engineered interconnects for the medical device industry
¥Haydon Enterprises, a leader in high-precision motion control products for the medical, indus- trial equipment, aerospace, computer peripheral and semiconductor industries
¥AMREL Power, a provider of highly differentiated programmable power products for the auto- mated test equipment market
¥Atlas Material Testing Technology, the global leader in weathering test instruments and related testing and consulting services, with a network of outdoor and laboratory testing facilities around the world
Acquisitions will remain a focus for us, as we see this strategy as a key driver in the creation of shareholder value. Going into 2011, our acquisition pipeline is strong. We have both the financial resources and the managerial
    Frank S. Hermance, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
AMETEK 2010 AnnuAl REpoRT

                     capabilities to acquire additional businesses. We believe the current economy provides us with a wealth of promising opportunities to further build our differentiated business portfolio through acquisition.
global & MaRkET ExPaNSioN
We are a global company. less than a decade ago, international sales accounted for only a third of our total sales. Today, nearly half of our sales are outside the united States, and most of our businesses are global. We enjoy a world of opportunities and intend in the years ahead to capture an even greater share of sales from overseas markets.
In 2010, international sales totaled more than $1.2 billion, up 17% from 2009. Asia led the way with a 31% sales increase year over year, driven by strong performance by our precision motion control, electrical interconnects and high-end analytical instruments businesses.
Worldwide we operate more than 40 manufactur- ing plants and 80 sales and service centers in nearly 40 countries outside the united States, and have greatly expanded our sales and marketing presence in Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
We are particularly focused on the BRIC coun- tries (Brazil, Russia, India and China). We have significantly increased our presence in those countries and plan to further ramp up our opera- tions in 2011. Sales to the BRIC countries totaled nearly $250 million in 2010, up 24%, reflecting the strength of the economies in those countries as well as the success of our increased sales and marketing efforts.
NEw PRoDucTS
new products are essential to our long-term growth and as a result, we have consistently main- tained our investment in new product develop- ment throughout the global economic slowdown. We spent $112 million on research, development and engineering activities in 2010, up 11% from 2009.
Sales of products introduced over the past three years accounted for nearly 20% of our total revenues in 2010, reflecting the excellent work of our businesses in developing the right products
for our customers, as well as the pace and quality of our research and development efforts.
In 2010, we added a wide range of innovative products to our highly differentiated product portfolio. Among them are advanced instruments for ultraprecise manufacturing, multifunctional instruments for equipment and materials testing, advanced micro- and surface analysis systems, high-performance technical motors and motion control products, and ultrasensitive elemental and trace metal analyzers.
a STRoNg SET of ValuES
Fundamental to our success are certain disci- plines and a set of core values that underlie our corporate culture. Embedded within our Four Growth Strategies is a disciplined management approach that allows us to continuously improve our operating efficiencies. These management dis- ciplines also guide our investment in new products and businesses.
At the heart of our management approach is a set of core values. First among them is a com- mitment to the highest standards of business behavior and ethical responsibility. All AMETEK colleagues are required to adhere to a written Code of Ethics. We also have a separate Financial Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive officer and senior financial managers. We maintain a strong system of internal financial controls that is actively monitored by senior management, and have implemented additional safeguards to ensure the integrity and compliance of our businesses and financial systems.
We are committed to a culture that values diversity and fosters a work environment that allows our colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers. We actively challenge senior managers to recruit, train and develop individuals with diverse backgrounds and experience.
We are focused on providing our shareholders with consistent and superior returns. We strive to provide our customers with world-class products and services on time, and at a fair price. We are sensitive to the needs of our local communities, actively supporting programs that foster good corporate citizenship.
Corporate Executive Officers (opposite page, from left to right): John J. Molinelli, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer; David A. Zapico, President, Electronic Instruments;
John Wesley Hardin, President, Electronic Instruments;
Timothy N. Jones, President, Electromechanical Group
   4
AMETEK 2010 AnnuAl REpoRT

                    a PoSiTiVE ouTlook
We believe 2011 will be another outstanding year. We expect continued solid core growth. We also expect to continue acquiring excellent busi- nesses and creating innovative new products and technologies.
We are confident that our Four Growth Strategies will continue creating value for our shareholders. our confidence is based on a proven record of success, the strength and experience of our man- agement team, and the dedication of AMETEK col- leagues worldwide. The success of their efforts is reflected in our strong stock price, which has more than doubled over the past five years, significantly outpacing the returns of our benchmark indexes (the Russell 1000 and Dow Jones u.S. Electrical Equipment Indexes).
We thank Sheldon Gordon, who retires from
our Board this May after 22 years of service to AMETEK, and David Steinmann, who leaves our Board in May following 18 years of service. We are
extremely grateful to both for their many contribu- tions to our Company.
As we enter 2011, our businesses are strong. our Corporate Growth plan is solid. our Four Growth Strategies are yielding excellent results. our col- leagues worldwide are focused on the success of our Company.
on their behalf, I thank you for your continued support and confidence. Together, we look forward to reporting to you on the results of our efforts.
Frank S. Hermance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2011
      5
AMETEK 2010 AnnuAl REpoRT
