 Letter to Shareholders
We remain confident
about the future despite
a challenging global economic environment. We enter 2016 financially strong. We have outstanding businesses, an experienced management team, and
a solid growth plan to
guide our efforts.
Record Results in a Challenging Economy
Our businesses delivered solid operating results in 2015 with record operating income, operating margins, net income, and diluted earnings per share.
We remain confident in our future due to the strengths of
our differentiated businesses and the proven success of our Four Growth Strategies. We
will continue to leverage our strengths with those strategies. We will pursue the acquisition
of differentiated businesses and continue to invest in new product development. We will expand further into new markets and regions and maintain a relentless focus on Operational Excellence to drive improved efficiency and profitability.
2015 AMETEK Annual Report
Although our 2015 sales of $4.0 billion were down slightly from 2014, we delivered record operating income of $944 million, up 3% from 2014. We also achieved record operating margins of 23.8%, up 100
basis points from 2014. Diluted earnings per share were a
record $2.55, up 5% from
$2.42 in 2014.
2016 Outlook
We are not anticipating a meaningful change in global economic conditions during 2016. We expect sluggish conditions to continue across a number of markets and regions.
Despite those challenges,
we expect our businesses to perform well. We have a strong portfolio of businesses and a motivated workforce led by an experienced management team. We have excellent operational capabilities along with a well-proven ability to develop successful new products. We are experienced at uncovering promising growth opportunities in new and emerging markets. We have a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow to fund our initiatives.
Strategic Vision
We remain committed to building on the foundation of our Four Growth Strategies.
Together with our disciplined management approach and core corporate values, those strategies work in concert
to leverage the strengths of
our businesses in achieving outstanding results. We remain committed to doubling the size and profits of AMETEK over the next five years.
Operational Excellence
Our Corporate Growth Plan is built on the cornerstone of Operational Excellence. This strategy has been a key driver to our competitive and financial success.
As a company, we embrace such Operational Excellence tools as Lean Manufacturing, Design for Six Sigma, and Value Analysis/Value Engineering.
Those tools have enabled us to achieve efficiency improvements and significant cost reductions across our operations. Together, they have helped us streamline manufacturing, reduce working capital, speed new product development, and achieve record operating margins.
The success of our Operational Excellence initiatives takes on even greater importance in
a slow-growth environment,
by allowing us to achieve meaningful operating margin improvement while continuing to invest in key growth initiatives.
2

  Overall, in 2015, we realized approximately $150 million
in annual savings through
our various Operational Excellence initiatives. The largest contributors to those savings were our global sourcing and strategic procurement activities, through which we recognized approximately $75 million in savings.
For 2016, we expect approximately $120 million
in total savings from our Operational Excellence initiatives, including more than $60 million in savings from our global sourcing and strategic procurement initiatives.
Operational Excellence also is essential to our ability to expand low-cost manufacturing around the world. In 2015, sales from our low-cost manufacturing facilities totaled approximately $500 million.
Strategic Acquisitions
We are committed to acquiring additional differentiated businesses. Since the beginning of 2014, we have acquired nine businesses, deploying more than $1.2 billion in capital and adding approximately $550 million in annual sales.
We acquired two businesses
in 2015, Global Tubes and Surface Vision, for approximately $360 million, adding roughly $180 million in sales.
More recently, we acquired Brookfield Engineering Laboratories and ESP/SurgeX. Combined,
we deployed approximately
$300 million in capital for those two businesses and added nearly $100 million in sales.
Global Tubes, with approximately $120 million in annual sales, manufactures high-precision, highly specialized metal tubing for demanding applications in the aerospace, medical, nuclear, and energy markets. It further expands
our position in specialty metal products for those attractive markets.
Surface Vision, with approximately $60 million in annual sales, develops and manufactures software-enabled vision systems used to inspect surfaces of continuously processed materials for flaws and defects. It expands our presence in nondestructive process inspection and leverages our position in other product segments.
Brookfield Engineering Laboratories, with annual sales of approximately $55 million,
is a global leader in viscosity measurement instruments. Its products are used in research and development, food
and beverage production, pharmaceutical manufacturing, and petroleum refining.
Its products further broaden our position in test and measurement instruments.
ESP/SurgeX, with approximately $40 million in annual sales, is a leader in products used to analyze, diagnose and protect against power-related issues, ensuring reliable electric power to mission-critical equipment. It fits with our existing power protection businesses and provides us with new product development and market expansion opportunities.
Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to achieve meaningful growth through acquisitions. We have a well- defined process for identifying acquisition candidates. We have a strong due diligence process supported by experienced corporate and operational teams. We have the financial capacity
to execute this strategy and
the management expertise to successfully integrate acquired businesses.
Global & Market Expansion
Global and market expansion is another important growth driver. We continue to expand our presence in attractive, higher-growth market segments and geographic regions. We
also continue to build our manufacturing, sales and marketing capabilities worldwide.
3
Frank S. Hermance
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
2015 AMETEK Annual Report

  $500
$400
$300
$200
$100
$0
David A. Zapico
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Robert R. Mandos, Jr.
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
John Wesley Hardin
President, Electronic Instruments
New Products
We continue to see excellent results from new product development. Our businesses
are doing a great job developing innovative new products for
their existing markets and using product innovation to expand into new and adjacent markets.
We are committed to maintaining a sizeable investment in research, development and engineering. In 2015, we invested $200 million, or 5% of sales, in research, development and engineering. In 2016, we plan
to increase that investment to approximately $210 million because we view those efforts as critical to our long-term success.
Our investment in new product development has yielded a continual stream of innovative new products. Products
launched in just the past three years accounted for more than $950 million, or 24% of sales in 2015. That reflects our ability both to develop new products and to market them successfully.
Among our most recent product innovations are sophisticated atomic imaging and elemental analysis systems used in research and industrial applications; precision motion control solutions for medical devices, factory automation and robotics; advanced scanners for 3-D printing; and rugged process analyzers used in the laboratory or on the plant floor.
Total Return to Shareholders
                       The chart depicts the performance of $100 invested in AMETEK, Inc., versus the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Indexes on December 31, 2005, including reinvestment of dividends. AMETEKÕs total return to shareholders 10-year CAGR is 16%.
International sales now represent more than half of
our sales, totaling more than
$2 billion. Our goal is to increase the percentage to 60%, due
to the growth potential of our businesses internationally and the increasingly global character of our customer base.
We also plan to further invest in expanding our global sales channels, service capabilities and manufacturing footprint
to position our businesses to capitalize on global growth
4
2015 AMETEK Annual Report
opportunities. As examples, we are making sizeable investments in India and Southeast Asia as part of our global and market expansion initiatives.
In India, we continue to expand research, development and engineering capabilities
to support our businesses worldwide. In Southeast Asia, we added sales and service capabilities to support the increased demand for our products.
12/31/2005 12/31/2006
12/31/2007 12/31/2008
12/31/2009 12/31/2010
12/31/2011 12/31/2012
12/31/2013 12/31/2014
12/31/2015

  Timothy N. Jones
President, Electromechanical
Core Values
Underlying our business strengths are strong core
values that define our corporate culture. Those values assist us in identifying new businesses, guide our investment in new products, and enable us to continuously invest in and grow our businesses globally.
First among our values is
a commitment to the highest standards of business behavior. All of our colleagues are required to adhere to a written Code of Ethics. We have an additional Financial Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and senior financial managers.
We have a well-established system of financial controls that senior management actively monitors, as well as additional safeguards to ensure the integrity and compliance of our businesses and financial systems.
We are committed as a company to a culture that values diversity. We strive to foster a work environment that enables our colleagues to develop meaningful and rewarding careers. We continually challenge our senior managers to recruit, train and develop colleagues with diverse backgrounds and experience.
We believe in responsible corporate citizenship and are sensitive to the needs of our local communities. We actively support
Thomas C. Marecic
President, Electronic Instruments
programs designed to meet the health, education, social and civic needs of those communities. And we are committed to operating our facilities in an environmentally responsible manner.
Many of our products help support sustainability initiatives, including the production of renewable fuels and solar energy, the reduction of potentially harmful emissions, and the improvement of material, process and energy efficiencies.
We are dedicated to providing our customers with world-class products and services, while achieving consistent and superior returns for our shareholders.
Positive Outlook
We are cautious about the current global economic outlook. However, we have excellent reasons to be confident about our future because we are leveraging our strengths.
We are financially strong.
We have an experienced management team. We have a strong portfolio of businesses that is well positioned for growth and a streamlined cost structure that will benefit us as economic conditions improve.
Most importantly, we have a solid Corporate Growth Plan
built around the framework of our Four Growth Strategies. Those
Ronald J. Oscher
President, Electronic Instruments
strategies work together and reinforce each other. They have yielded consistently strong results. We are confident that they will create additional value for our shareholders in the years ahead.
We thank Charles Klein, who retires from our Board this
May after 36 years of service
to AMETEK. We are extremely grateful for his service and many significant contributions to our Company.
I appreciate your confidence, and, on behalf of my colleagues, thank you for your continued support. We look forward to reporting our results to you.
Frank S. Hermance
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2016
 2015 AMETEK Annual Report
5
