 Letter to
Stockholders
Dear Stockholders,
We’re proud of what Amgen accomplished in 2011—a solid year—and the outlook for 2012 is even stronger. In the first half of 2011, we outlined our strategy and long-term growth objectives
at our business review meeting with investors. We also discussed our plans designed to return significant capital to you, our stockholders. Through strong execution in 2011, Amgen delivered solid operating performance for the year and made good progress toward our objectives.
Despite another challenging year for our industry, we grew revenues 4 percent and increased adjusted earnings per share* 2 percent, and we had approximately $5.1 billion in operating cash flow. We ended 2011 energized by our momentum and confident that 2012 will be a year to accelerate Amgen’s growth. This is also a time of planned transition as a new generation of leaders prepares to take Amgen forward.
We know it won’t be easy to deliver on our mission to serve patients: We still face global macroeconomic pressures and new regulatory and reimbursement challenges. However, Amgen is uniquely well equipped to meet those challenges and provide innovative therapies for more patients.
We Delivered in 2011
Amgen’s 4 percent revenue increase in 2011 was driven by the solid performance of Enbrel® and
Kevin W. Sharer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Bradway, President and Chief Operating Officer
Neulasta®/NEUPOGEN®, the strength of new products Prolia® and XGEVA®, and the success of Nplate®, Sensipar®/Mimpara®, and Vectibix®. That growth was partially offset by the decline in sales of Aranesp® and EPOGEN®.
We were very pleased to receive marketing approval for XGEVA® in the European Union in 2011. We entered the market with a novel therapy to treat an important medical need—the prevention of skeletal-related events in adults with bone metastases from solid tumors—and we have seen growth
in the number of patients being treated in the European Union as well as in the United States. We continue to seek new approvals and indications for this important medicine.
Also in 2011, we recorded our first full year of sales of Prolia®, which achieved significant growth. Combined sales of Prolia® and XGEVA® exceeded $500 million in 2011. Amgen will continue working to ensure that these innovative medicines reach the right patients.
Our Pipeline Is Advancing
We are committed to making critical investments in Amgen’s pipeline — one of the best in our industry. We’re focused on advancing six later-stage (phase 2 and 3) programs for the treatment of serious illnesses such as melanoma, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, psoriasis, asthma, cardiovascular disease,
Our Strategic Approach
• Bring medicines to market that advance treatment of serious illness
• Make significant and sustained investment in R&D and participate in a wide range of therapeutic areas
• Reliably manufacture products with the highest quality and lowest cost
• Expand our operating footprint into emerging markets and Japan
• Manage our cost structure to grow earnings ahead of revenues
• Use capital wisely, maintain a strong balance sheet, and return significant capital to stockholders
• Sustain a strong social architecture that attracts the best staff and enables them to perform at the highest levels
Amgen 2011 Annual Report 1
  * “Adjusted” earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. See page 12 for reconciliations to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

 2
Amgen 2011 Annual Report
and postmenopausal osteoporosis. At a time when others in the industry have chosen to reduce their investment in research and development (R&D), we have affirmed that we will continue investing at approximately 18 to 20 percent of sales and expect to be at the upper end of that range this year. The strength of our pipeline is recognized by others: In 2011 we received the Prix Galien USA Award for Best Biotechnology Product — for denosumab (Prolia®/XGEVA®)—and the Best Biotechnology Pipeline ranking from both
R&D Directions and Med Ad News magazines.
Delivering More Stockholder Value
In April 2011, during a comprehensive business review where we shared our strategy, growth objectives, and capital allocation plans, we outlined our specific approach for increasing stockholder value. This included implementing our first-ever dividend—with the intent to increase it meaningfully over time — and continuing our stock repurchase program. We paid our first quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share in September and in December announced an increase in the dividend by 29 percent to $0.36. In October, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company’s stock repurchase program to $10 billion, and we announced our intent to accelerate repurchases of our stock. This reflected our confidence in the long-term value of the Company and the attractive interest rate environment. In December, we completed the repurchase of $5 billion of our
stock by way of a modified Dutch auction tender offer. We intend to buy back the remaining
$5 billion under our board authorization through open-market purchases. In 2012, we plan to continue aggressively returning capital to stockholders while retaining significant strategic flexibility to grow our business.
Strategic Plans for Higher Growth
Our growth strategy includes more emphasis on adding innovative medicines through business development initiatives. In 2011, Amgen acquired BioVex for its molecule in development for malignant melanoma, a condition for which there is a large unmet medical need. In January 2012, we announced plans to acquire biotechnology company Micromet, including the worldwide rights to blinatumomab, a promising new therapy in phase 2 clinical trials for patients with relapsed or treatment-refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), a group that has exhausted all other therapeutic options. Through this acquisition, Amgen will also gain Micromet’s talented R&D staff and its R&D facility in Munich, Germany, as well as the proprietary bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE® ) technology, which has been clinically validated through the blinatumomab program and provides an innovative platform for future clinical research.
In addition, Amgen took steps to develop a presence in Brazil, China, Russia, and Turkey—all of them
fast-growing markets — and we are making plans to enter Japan and South Korea. In Brazil, we acquired Bergamo, our largest international acquisition to date, and we now have commercial, manufacturing, and clinical development operations there.
Amgen also took important steps to capitalize on the developing biosimilars market. In December 2011, we announced an agreement with Watson Pharmaceuticals to work on several cancer antibody biosimilar products, which we expect
to sell under a joint label. The pairing of Amgen’s 30 years of experience in biologics together with Watson’s substantial generics and specialty pharmaceutical experience and complementary commercial and distribution capabilities represents great potential for worldwide patient access to these medicines.
We continue expanding our competitive advantage in manufacturing by embracing new technologies that will help grow and sustain our brands as we face new competition.
Our Next Generation of Leadership
Late last year, we announced changes to certain executive roles—including our own—as part
of a broader transition to Amgen’s next generation of leadership. Roger Perlmutter, executive vice president, R&D, retired in February 2012, and Sean Harper became the new head of R&D.
  Roger Perlmutter Retires
“Roger Perlmutter has been a superb head of R&D. It’s hard to imagine Amgen without him, and we are profoundly grateful to have had him as a partner, colleague, and friend. His contributions have been enormous, and millions of patients have benefited—and will continue benefiting—from the work he led with his colleagues in R&D. In our view, Roger is the best head of R&D in his generation. We were lucky he was ours. His legacy may be most obvious in the pipeline and team he leaves, but his mark of excellence will extend far beyond them.” — Kevin Sharer

 Sean is well qualified for his new responsibilities given the depth of his R&D experience at Amgen during the past 10 years and his background in the industry and as a physician. Michael Severino, our former vice president, Global Development, and a seasoned R&D executive with experience across a wide range of therapeutic areas, will step into Sean’s former role as senior vice president, Global Development and Corporate Chief Medical Officer. We are also pleased to have Tony Hooper join us as head of Global Commercial Operations. Tony is an experienced global business leader, having lived on four continents and led commercial operations in both mature and emerging markets. With Sean, Tony, Michael, and Jon Peacock, our chief financial officer who joined Amgen in 2010, we have strengthened our senior leadership team’s international experience and capability
to help us navigate our entry into new markets worldwide. In the coming months, we will all work together to make sure the leadership transition is seamless.
Growth Should Accelerate in 2012
We are confident 2012 will be a strong year for Amgen. We expect continued strength in sales of Enbrel® (etanercept) and Neulasta® (pegfilgrastim), strong growth trends for Nplate® (romiplostim), Sensipar®/Mimpara® (cinacalcet), and Vectibix® (panitumumab), and increased momentum for Prolia® (denosumab) and XGEVA® (denosumab).
Longer-term Prospects for Amgen
While the challenges ahead are real, we’re excited about the future. Aging populations and a growing number of patients needing new medicines create opportunity. Amgen is strong and widely admired as a leader in our field, and we have the resources necessary to chart our course scientifically and operationally. The objectives we are tackling require the right investments, and we will make them.
The staff of Amgen — more than 17,000 worldwide — represent our competitive advantage. Their commitment to serve patients is unmatched. With our solid underlying fundamentals, our financial strength, the position of our franchises, our scientific assets, and the quality of our team, Amgen is well positioned to treat more patients globally, deliver added stockholder value, and make a meaningful contribution to society.
Kevin W. Sharer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert A. Bradway
President and Chief Operating Officer
February 23, 2012
Awards and Recognition
• Denosumab (Prolia® and XGEVA®) receives the 2011 Prix Galien USA Award for Best Biotechnology Product. Prolia® (denosumab) also receives Prix Galien awards in Belgium and Germany, where Nplate® (romiplostim) is also honored.
• In the cover story entitled “Two Brands in One,” Med Ad News honors denosumab — Prolia® and XGEVA®—as Best New Medicine.
• Amgen receives Best Biotechnology Pipeline ranking from both R&D Directions and Med Ad News.
• Fortune once again lists Amgen as one of the most-admired drug companies.
• Amgen ranks fifth among large biotech and pharmaceutical companies and 16th overall in The Scientist ’s list of Best Places to Work in Industry.
• Science lists Amgen as one of the top employers in the biopharmaceutical industry.
• Great Place to Work Institute ranks Amgen
as the number two employer in Europe. In other surveys, Amgen ranks among the top employers in the Czech Republic, Poland, and Spain and as the number one employer in Belgium and Greece.
Amgen 2011 Annual Report 3
          Kevin Sharer Announces Plans to Retire
On December 15, 2011, Kevin Sharer, chairman and CEO, announced his plan to retire from Amgen at the end of 2012. To facilitate an orderly transition process, Kevin will step down as CEO effective May 23, 2012, and remain as chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors until December 31, 2012, at which time he will retire from the board and from the Company. Robert Bradway, currently president and chief operating officer, will become CEO on
May 23, 2012. It is the intention of the Board of Directors to elect Robert chairman of the board when Kevin retires from that position at the end of 2012.
