Amgen 2006 Annual Report 2

"We tackle difficult medical and scientific challenges because we are committed to making a dramatic difference for patients."
Dear Stockholders, I am pleased to report that Amgen delivered excellent performance in 2006. We grew revenues and adjusted earnings per share* by 15 and 22 percent, respectively, while increasing our investment in research and development by nearly 40 percent to $3.2 billion.* This level of R&D investment is necessary to deliver on the promise of our pipeline, and we are already seeing early returns. It felt good to see our first cancer therapeutic reaching patients. We received U.S. approval for VectibixTM to treat metastatic colorectal cancer in patients whose disease has progressed after standard chemotherapy. For these gravely ill patients who have few treatment choices left, VectibixTM offers a new option and hope for more time. Oncologists' acceptance of VectibixTM so far has exceeded our expectations, which encourages us as we work to bring this important new medicine to more patients. Our progress in R&D has been truly impressive. Our researchers discovered 12 new lead molecules, making 2006 their most productive year so far. At the same time, Amgen ran more large late-stage clinical trials than ever before, including nine "mega-trials" involving more than 200 sites each. As of year-end, about 41,000 patients were enrolled in Amgen trials in 39 countries. On the commercial side, we expanded our global footprint as we entered new markets. Amgen's international business has become an increasingly significant contributor to our growth.
* Non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliations on page 33.

Amgen 2006 Annual Report 3

Strategic acquisitions and partnerships also have helped us grow. In 2006 we completed our acquisition of Abgenix, bringing us full ownership of VectibixTM. We acquired Avidia, obtaining a completely novel protein platform that we're excited about. At the end of the year, Amgen entered into a strategic partnership with Cytokinetics for a promising cardiovascular program. We are carrying out the largest-scale manufacturing expansion in the biotechnology industry. Our Puerto Rico facility recently added two new manufacturing plants, and further expansion is underway. In County Cork, Ireland, a planned major new manufacturing site will help us meet demand for our medicines in Europe and elsewhere. These investments are testaments to our faith in our pipeline and our commitment to deliver vital medicines to every patient, every time. New competitive challenges While we are proud of all that we achieved in the past year, we are focused on new competitive challenges in 2007. Roche has announced plans to launch a peg-EPO product in the United States. We have compelling proof that peg-EPO violates Amgen's patents, and we look forward to presenting our case in court. Our company has an enviable track record of upholding our intellectual property rights and a robust patent estate that we intend to vigorously defend. However, some analysts expect an overhang effect on our stock price until this case is resolved. In addition, we are preparing to face competition from biosimilars in Europe for the first time. Biosimilars, or follow-on biologics as they are called in the U.S., are not in any way comparable to generic pharmaceutical products. Protein-based medicines cannot be copied in the way that small molecules can be. Their production is complex, and their safety must be ensured through rigorous processes and tests. Amgen welcomes the availability of additional treatment options for patients. The new biosimilars guidelines in Europe emphasize patient safety and sound science, and we are ready to compete on those grounds. Doing the right thing for patients Over the past year we've seen enormous progress in our pipeline but also some setbacks in a few clinical trials. That is the nature of science when you attempt to address serious unmet medical needs. We tackle difficult medical and scientific challenges because we are committed to making a dramatic difference for patients. For the same reason, Amgen promptly discloses our clinical results, whether good or bad. We believe transparency is in the best interest of patients and the best way to advance science. We chart the course, because we are confident that our incredibly rich and strong pipeline will deliver new medicines to restore hope for patients facing grievous illness. Recently released trial data has raised some complex questions about safe hemoglobin levels for patients receiving erythropoietic products, including EPOGEN® and Aranesp®. We are working with medical experts and regulatory authorities to help ensure that

treatment decisions are made based on sound science. Clinical data collected over many years and real-world experience show that EPOGEN ® and Aranesp®, when used by doctors according to their approved labeling, are safe and improve patients' lives. Further analysis and additional information should give a more comprehensive sense of the best ways to use these medicines to maximize safety and therapeutic benefit in different patient populations. Amgen will continue to work with caregivers and policy makers to share data and knowledge, to work toward the best possible standards of care. Promise for the future Our challenges are substantial, but our opportunities are far greater. Amgen has many exciting programs in oncology; VectibixTM is our first cancer therapeutic, and we expect many more will follow. Our scientists are pursuing a number of promising programs in new disease areas, from osteoporosis to diabetes to Alzheimer's disease. If and when these programs lead to new therapeutic candidates, we have the proven expertise to develop, manufacture and deliver them to patients. Our capabilities in biotechnology are unmatched. We have many other assets to draw upon. Amgen has strong relationships with physicians, patient groups, scientific leaders, and key decision makers across the health care field. We also have a unique strength in our values-based culture. Amgen people point to the company's values as the reason they joined us and the reason they stay. In our research and clinical trial enrollment and execution, we hold ourselves and our partners to the highest standards of ethical behavior. We follow responsible sales and marketing practices and treat our customers with courtesy and respect. Our leaders are thorough, transparent and principled in governance, financial accounting and communications. Most importantly, Amgen has a great mission--to serve patients--and more than 20,000 great people to follow through on that mission. I'm proud of our financial record: Over the past five years, few if any independent public companies have matched Amgen's performance in compound revenue or earnings growth. But I'm even prouder of what we have done for patients. In the past five years, we've brought out seven new medicines, all of them addressing serious unmet medical needs. I believe that over the next five to ten years, we are going to do even greater things to help millions of people fight grievous illness and live more fulfilling lives.

KEVIN W. SHARER

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 12, 2007

