 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
2015 was a momentous year for Amgen. It was a year in which we delivered impressive financial results and an unprecedented six innovative new product offerings to the market, each of which helped serve patients suffering from serious illness. In doing so, we demonstrated clear progress toward our 2018 commitments to investors and solidly advanced our strategy for long-term growth.
We achieved record results in revenues and earnings in 2015. The strengths of our products were reflected in eight percent revenue growth, to a record $21.7 billion. Our 19 percent adjusted earnings per share* growth reflects tight control of our business and the benefits of our ongoing transformation efforts—efforts that were launched company-wide three years ago.
Beyond delivering record operating results for 2015, we made substantial progress along every dimension of our strategy: advancing innovative medicines and a portfolio of biosimilar medicines to address serious illness; expanding our geographic reach; transitioning to next- generation manufacturing; improving our biologic drug delivery systems; and allocating capital to shareholders while investing substantially in our business for long-term growth. My intent in this letter is to briefly address the progress we have made on each of these strategic elements.
A Clear, Long-Term Strategy for Growth and Value Creation
Founded 35 years ago, Amgen’s mission is clear: it is to serve patients. Our strategy is also clear: it is to develop innovative medicines that meet important unmet medical needs.
This focus guided us when we developed our first medicine three decades ago for patients suffering from kidney disease. The same unwavering focus inspired us as we launched six innovative products during the past year, including our novel medicine for certain patients at risk for heart disease, the most significant unmet medical need facing society today.
Robert A. Bradway, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Amgen Inc.
*This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation to US generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) accompanying this letter.
Indeed, the common denominator for products we develop in all six focused therapeutic areas—oncology/hematology, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, bone health, nephrology and neuroscience—is the innovative contribution they make to addressing serious illness.
There is much discussion about the cost of innovation in healthcare today. Against this backdrop, we recognize that new medicines must help alleviate the social and economic burden of disease. This calls for truly innovative medicines that provide large beneficial effects, not just marginal improvements over existing therapies. This understanding guides our investment in the business opportunities we pursue.
We recognize that investing in developing innovative medicines is risky. And we also recognize that shareholders who support this investment require an appropriate return on the capital they commit to Amgen. We believe we have a long track record of delivering these returns, and it is one we aim to maintain.
As a leading provider of innovative medicines, Amgen advocates for policies and practices that make our medicines available to all patients for whom these therapies are appropriate. In some cases, that means providing direct assistance to patients who cannot otherwise afford our medicines.
A New Cycle of Innovative, Breakaway Medicines Addressing Important Unmet Needs
In 2015, we built a solid foundation for future growth with an unprecedented four innovative launches in oncology and two in cardiovascular disease. All of these treatments are showing positive initial reception by physicians, patients and payers.
In oncology, for instance, one year after launch, more than one in four of our Neulasta® (pegfilgrastim) patients in the United States
are already using the recently launched Neulasta® OnproTM kit, a convenient, innovative delivery option for certain patients who have just completed chemotherapy. And Kyprolis® (carfilzomib), our treatment for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, a difficult-to-treat blood cancer, has strengthened its profile as a backbone of therapy for patients. The extremely encouraging ASPIRE and ENDEAVOR study data are now incorporated into Kyprolis®’ US prescribing information, demonstrating proven efficacy in three different treatment regimens.
In cardiovascular disease, Repatha® (evolocumab), the first PCSK9 inhibitor
in the world approved for the treatment of certain patients requiring additional LDL cholesterol lowering, is off to a strong competitive start in the United States and Europe. We expect that data over the coming year from our event-driven outcomes study, as well as from our cardiovascular coronary imaging study, will allow us to fully articulate the value of Repatha® and drive further adoption by both cardiovascular specialists and general practitioners.
Following behind our six product launches are a number of additional exciting innovative pipeline opportunities progressing in focused therapeutic areas. Building on our long-term investment in treating kidney disease, for instance, our nephrology product candidate ParsabivTM (etelcalcetide) is under review by global regulators as a potential novel-dose, highly effective treatment for patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism receiving hemodialysis. Meanwhile, romosozumab, now in Phase 3 development, holds potential as a novel bone-building therapy for patients with osteoporosis. Two Phase 3 episodic migraine studies are progressing rapidly for AMG 334,
an antibody uniquely directed at the receptor for calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP). Also of note in cardiovascular disease is

omecamtiv mecarbil, a promising opportunity for us in treating heart failure.
We are encouraged by the wellspring of innovation occurring in biotechnology globally, and we maintain an active licensing and acquisition effort to access these external opportunities. At Amgen, we systematically allocate resources across the best of the internal and external programs available to us within our six core therapeutic areas. This generates a productive balance of internal development and external programs and collaborations, the outcome of which is reflected in our current product portfolio. We anticipate that we will continue to pursue a comparable mix of internal and external innovations into the future.
Developing Biosimilars to Address an Emerging Opportunity
Biotechnology-based medicines serve an increasingly critical role in fighting serious diseases around the world. With advances in the science of biotechnology, these therapies are being utilized for an increasing number of ailments. As newer biologic medicines come to market, the first wave of biologics are now beginning to face competition as patents expire. Global regulatory authorities are adopting pathways for approval of competitors to these off-patent biologics, known as biosimilars, and there is a clear pathway for approval of biosimilars in the United States. At Amgen, we believe that our deep experience in biologics development and unparalleled capabilities in biotechnology manufacturing make entry into the biosimilars market attractive and position us for leadership. Our program for developing biosimilars is making good progress, and we expect to be among the early market entrants. Amgen has a portfolio of nine biosimilars in development, with the first of these programs already undergoing global regulatory reviews in the US, EU and Canada. We believe this portfolio represents a substantial opportunity, and global originator sales for these products exceeded $50 billion in 2015.
Expanding Internationally to Serve Global Needs for Medicines That Address Serious Illness
Demand for innovative medicines that address serious illness continues to grow across the globe, especially with aging demographics in many countries. Amgen is working to tap the global potential for our medicines. Having established a target earlier this decade of operating in 75 countries by 2015, we have exceeded that goal. Recently, we expanded our marketing of Prolia® (denosumab), XGEVA® (denosumab) and Vectibix® (panitumumab)
to 48 countries in Asia, South America, Europe, Australia and other regions. In addition, we gained footholds in key expansion markets for Amgen, including Brazil, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, Israel, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. Early in 2016, we also achieved approval of Repatha® in Japan, representing the first product approved through our Japanese partnership with Astellas.
Building on Amgen’s Competitive Advantage in Biomanufacturing
We have long held that Amgen’s biomanufacturing capabilities are a source of competitive advantage, delivering reliable supplies of high-quality medicines with continuously improving efficiency. Through investment in next-generation biomanufacturing, we believe we are significantly extending our advantage. Our initial next-generation biomanufacturing facility in Singapore has been constructed in less than half the time and at less than a quarter of the cost of a traditional facility. Once licensed, we expect this facility to operate at a fraction of the cost and at greater reliability than traditional manufacturing facilities.
Improving Drug Delivery Systems to Differentiate Our Biologic Medicines
Biologic medicines are, for the most part, injected subcutaneously or administered intravenously. Innovations which make the delivery of our medicines easier and less costly offer important opportunities for differentiation. Recognizing this, we have invested in new ways to formulate and deliver our medicines and are beginning to see solid results.
Following our success with the Neulasta® OnproTM kit, we expect to achieve additional differentiation for Repatha® with a single- injection dosing option for monthly administration. This was filed with the FDA in 2015. In the future, we plan to continue to develop proprietary patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems for our biologic medicines.
Transforming Amgen for the Future
As we bring more medicines to more people in more places than ever before and continue to invest in innovation, we must maintain tight control of our business. That is essential in order to deliver important, innovative medicines while generating satisfactory investor returns. Over the past three years, we have focused our business and operating model through significant transformation and process improvement efforts. This enabled us, in 2015, to drive our adjusted operating margin* to 48 percent, a four percentage point improvement over 2014 and 10 percentage point improvement over 2013. Through our transformation work, we expect to make continued progress in 2016.
Investing in Long-Term Growth and Returning Capital to Shareholders
We are committed to investing in innovation to drive long-term growth while returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In 2015, we supported research and development spending of nearly $4 billion on an adjusted basis*, or nearly 19% of sales, and invested approximately $600 million in capital expenditures to support innovative programs like next-generation manufacturing. At the same time, we increased our quarterly 2015 dividend per share by 30 percent versus 2014, with payments totaling $2.4 billion. We also announced a 27 percent dividend increase effective in the first quarter of 2016. Since we introduced our dividend in 2011, we have increased it by a total of 257%. In addition, since 2014, we have repurchased more than $2 billion of shares. These actions are all consistent with our commitment to return, on average, approximately 60% of our adjusted net income* to shareholders from 2014 through 2018. We are meeting this commitment while working to maintain a balance sheet with an investment- grade rating and sustaining our investment in long-term growth.
Entering 2016, We Are Excited About Amgen’s Future
We are at an exhilarating moment in the history of biotechnology, with a growing number of opportunities to address serious illness in important new ways. Excitement and momentum are palpable at Amgen as we focus on genetic validation of high-potential biological targets, next-generation biomanufacturing and transformational activities that increase our agility and help us deliver new and meaningful medicines to patients.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of my Amgen colleagues, I would like to thank our shareholders for their support of both our company and our strategy for long-term growth. Importantly, I would also like to thank my Amgen colleagues for all that they accomplished in 2015—and all that they do every day. Their deep devotion to Amgen’s mission and values, coupled with the alignment of their work to our strategy, are the driving forces behind our ability to deliver for shareholders and patients.
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    *This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation to US generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) accompanying this letter.
