Dear stockholders , 2004 was a good year for Amgen. We were true to our mission to serve patients; we delivered financially; we made available innovative new medicines to treat serious illness; we did well in an increasingly competitive marketplace; and we supplied every patient every time .

From left to right: Fabrizio Bonanni, senior vice president, Manufacturing; David Parkinson, vice president, Global Clinical Development; Leslie Mirani, senior director of U.S. Nephrology Sales; Kevin Sharer, chairman and chief executive officer; Diana McKenzie, senior director, Information Systems; Joseph Miletich, senior vice president, Research and Preclinical; Laura Hamill, vice president and general manager, Inflammation; and Joseph Phillips, senior director, Analytical Sciences.

Amgen 2004 Annual Report page 23

It is hard to measure performance in one-year increments. Everything we accomplished in 2004 builds on what we have done in the past. In the preceding pages, you learned about our company's history of scientific innovation. You also met a few of the patients whose lives have been improved as a result of our efforts. These stories were years in the making. Although we can feel proud of how far we have come in our work to help patients, it is humbling to consider how many needs are still unmet. The biggest challenges we face in 2005, or any year, are discovering, developing and successfully bringing to market innovative therapies that treat serious illness effectively and safely. Increasingly, Amgen must also answer ever more rigorous questions regarding our medicines and whether they are sufficiently valuecreating in terms of clear disease-modifying effects and quality of life improvements to justify the investments that governments, private payers and patients make in buying them. Much has been written about innovation in our industry, and the debate about who has the best system, which technologies are right, and what we can expect shows no sign of easing. We struggle with those questions, too. While we claim no superior insights, we know that innovation in a science- and medicine-based environment is especially challenging. Our knowledge of biology, while growing, is still very incomplete, and the human body is complex and elegant beyond description; and, unlike engineeringbased environments, there are few steps we can take to rework the product if the initial experimental results do not demonstrate success. In the biotechnology world, creating and sustaining an environment where innovation can consistently and successfully happen is a difficult task. While this challenge is daunting, Amgen must meet it in order to continue to fulfill our mission of serving patients suffering from serious illness. We at Amgen believe there are 10 key ingredients vital to innovation success. These 10 are fairly easy to describe and will not likely strike you as surprising. The challenge lies in doing them all very well,
Amgen 2004 Annual Report page 24

simultaneously and over a sustained period of time. We work on all of these every day, and our work will never be done. We must be excellent in each area and, occasionally, a bit lucky to succeed. Here are Amgen's top 10 innovation requirements:
1. The best possible R&D leadership. Should we miss the mark here, all else is compromised. The tone, standards and role model behavior are set at the top. I am very confident we have it right here. 2. An environment that is open, risk-hungry and collaborative, and that tolerates healthy dissent and rewards the right results and behaviors. No enterprise ever gets this just right. But we try hard, and our every-two-year all staff survey just taken in the fall of 2004 says we are healthy and improving in these areas. Our values, mission, aspiration, leadership attributes and annual goals define the social architecture we follow in the uncompromising pursuit of innovation. 3. The best people. While innovation starts with an insight by one or a few, successfully bringing that insight to patients is a vast, multi-functional activity that requires excellence across the board. 4. Large, sustained and smart investment. We try to invest on the order of 20 percent of our product sales in research and development. A clinical trial can cost in excess of $100 million. An individual research facility or factory can cost over $500 million. Acquiring a capable and promising yet small company, such as Tularik, can cost over $1 billion. Money alone does not assure success, but meaningful, sustained, smart investment is a prerequisite to success. 5. Willingness to look outside our company for new ideas and products and to place big bets. Fighting the not-invented-here mindset is a challenge for all good, proud and successful firms. However, we know that only a tiny fraction of the scientists in the world work at Amgen. Good things are happening all around us. We must be a reliable, responsive and capable partner.

6. Close collaborative partnership across all the functions in the company. This could be the biggest challenge. Interaction among science, medicine, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, intellectual property, finance and more must be seamless. Functional goals, personal differences and inconsistent priorities all must be overcome. Innovation cannot be systemized, but takes human, personal collaboration. 7. Nimbleness. We live in a competitive world and face hundreds of capable potential competitors. We must be nimble to win. Nimbleness means recognizing an opportunity before others, moving fast and effectively to pursue it, and being willing to take a chance. Competing intensely and winning is one of our core values. Remaining hungry and feeling small help fuel and sustain this defining spark. 8. Access to and skill in employing a broad range of technologies while being alert to how best to use new approaches. Over a decade ago, as the sequencing of the human genome was proceeding, Gordon Binder, Amgen's second CEO, and I decided to fund the development of a small-molecule capability to complement our large-molecule expertise. This work is now largely done and we are one of the few companies, if not the only one, with access to and deep skill in employing multiple therapeutic modalities. Fitting the modality -- large molecule, antibody, small molecule-- to the target is a core advantage for Amgen. 9. A focus on patients, physicians, providers and payers and sensitivity to their needs. Bringing a product to market is difficult. Making sure the broadest and most appropriate patient population has ready access to breakthrough medicines is increasingly challenging. Physicians need to see, understand and have well-founded confidence in the data. Payers and governments must be shown the medicine is effective, safe and a good value. These challenges will only grow in the future as health budgets are squeezed and society becomes even more demanding of us.

10. A decision-making process that is rigorous, decisive, participative, transparent, timely and effective. The amount of data, range of decisions, complexity and number of players in drug development is staggering. We make fact-based decisions, but judgment and good instincts are in the mix too. How can we be thorough and thoughtful while avoiding bureaucracy and gridlock? Making the hard decisions to stop after a decade of effort are sometimes the hardest calls. No one has the definitive answer to the appropriate innovation process, and we struggle too. The fact that we struggle and try to get better is a healthy sign.

The process of innovation is the central focus of the entire company, and we all work together in this challenging and vital effort, as we have since we began. We are 25 years old this year. We have much to celebrate and be thankful for, starting with the millions of patients we have helped. This annual report is dedicated to a giant of our company and our industry, Dr. George B. Rathmann. George was our founding CEO, and he built the framework for Amgen-- a commitment to scientific discovery and a passion for serving patients suffering from serious illness. I am happy to report to George and our stockholders that we are still the company he founded.

Kevin W. Sharer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2005

Amgen 2004 Annual Report page 25

