 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
In this letter, I would like to do two things. First,
I would like to provide you with an assessment of Amgen’s performance for 2016. Second, since Amgen’s business of discovering, developing and delivering medicines that address significant unmet needs for patients with serious diseases is an inherently long-cycle one—generally characterized by decades-long product cycles— I would also like to update you on the progress we are making with our long-term objectives.
A Snapshot of Amgen’s Strong 2016 Performance
For Amgen, 2016 was a strong year in which we exceeded our expectations by achieving record results in revenues, earnings and cash flow with continued solid execution across the business. Our ability to achieve these results in the face of rapidly changing industry and competitive dynamics testifies to the effectiveness of our strategy. Importantly, through 2016, we remained squarely on track with our long-term strategy for growth and, in particular, on our trajectory to meet or exceed the 2018 commitments we made to shareholders back in 2014.
2016 was also a year in which we began a necessary pivot into a new business cycle for Amgen—a cycle featuring branded and non-branded competition for some of our mature medicines and an unprecedented set of new Amgen product offerings. We achieved 94 product/country approvals in 2016. These product launches were aligned with Amgen’s mission and strategy of serving patients suffering from serious illness and, in many cases, brought important new medicines to underserved geographies.
1 This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation to U.S. generally 2 Return on invested capital is calculated as [non-GAAP operating income *
Robert A. Bradway, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Amgen Inc.
The strength of our product portfolio was reflected in 6 percent revenue growth in 2016, to a record $23 billion. The company-wide transformation efforts that we proactively began four years ago continued to bear fruit, helping us to achieve 12 percent non-GAAP earnings per share1 growth and a 52 percent non-GAAP operating margin1 in 2016, demonstrating our commitment to operational excellence. Our transformation work is also building robust organizational capabilities at Amgen, including capabilities around speed and agility. We saw clear evidence of that, for example, with our promising cardiovascular therapy, Repatha® (evolocumab), where we completed multiple clinical trials and extensive global regulatory submissions, achieved the first global approval for a PCSK9 inhibitor and realized a number of additional approvals in multiple markets over the past two years.
Investing in Long-Term Growth and Returning Capital to Shareholders
We recognize that investing in innovative medicines is risky and that shareholders who support us with their capital require an appropriate return. For context, in 2016, we invested $3.8 billion in research and development, or approximately
17.5 percent of sales. We also invested approximately $700 million in capital expenditures to support innovative programs, such as our next-generation manufacturing platform. Nevertheless, our strong cash flow and balance sheet provided substantial shareholder returns while simultaneously allowing for investment in both internal research and development and external business development.
In 2016, we returned $6 billion of capital to our shareholders through dividends and stock
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) accompanying this letter.
repurchases. We increased our dividend per share by 27 percent over 2015. We also repurchased approximately 20 million shares of our common stock during 2016 at an aggregate cost of $3 billion. We acquired these shares at prices we felt provided an attractive return for shareholders for the capital deployed, and we are pleased that the shares were acquired at an average price per share well below our recent trading levels in the first quarter of 2017. Amgen’s return of capital to shareholders (as a percentage of non-GAAP net income1) for 2016 was an impressive 68 percent. These actions are consistent with our commitment to return, on average, approximately 60 percent of our non-GAAP net income1 to shareholders from 2014 through 2018. We are meeting this commitment while preserving a balance sheet with an investment-grade rating and sustaining our investment in long-term growth.
One of the challenges a management team must meet on behalf of its shareholders is earning an attractive return on the capital invested in a business. Once again, in 2016, we met this test, with a return on invested capital2 of 31 percent, an increase of 8 percentage points since 2011. This demonstrates an effective and efficient deployment of our invested capital and puts us among the leaders in our industry on this measure. Our track record of long-term value creation is one we strive to maintain.
A Clear, Long-Term Strategy for Growth and Value Creation
Our mission to serve patients has not wavered in the nearly four decades since our founding. That mission inspires Amgen’s strategy, which centers on advancing innovative medicines and a
(1 – non-GAAP tax rate)] / (average total assets – average cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities – average current liabilities). This calculation includes non-GAAP financial measures. See reconciliations accompanying this letter.

portfolio of biosimilar medicines, all addressing serious illness. This focus is especially important today in the face of a rapidly changing healthcare landscape. With cost pressures rising for both governments and private payers, policies are increasingly limiting the medicines to which patients are afforded access. Our belief—and the core of our strategy—is that innovative, highly differentiated medicines that provide large clinical benefits in addressing serious diseases are medicines that will not only help patients, but also will help reduce the social and economic burden of disease in society today.
This understanding guides our investment in the business opportunities we pursue. It also drives our commitment to being transparent about how we determine the value of our medicines, including by making our data publicly available. The common denominator for innovative products we develop in all six of our focused therapeutic areas—cardiovascular disease, oncology, bone health, neuroscience, nephrology and inflammation—is the unique contribution they make to addressing serious illness.
As noted, our core strategy involves investing in innovation. To earn a return on this investment, we must execute well on initiatives that capture the value of these innovations for patients. We must advance high-value, innovative medicines that address important unmet medical needs. We must sufficiently expand our geographic reach to ensure global access to our medicines. We must sustain our enviable track record as a leading, high-quality biotechnology manufacturer by transitioning to next-generation technologies. To build an advantage in the ease of administration of our biologic medicines, we must continue improving our biologic drug delivery systems. We must be disciplined in business development, so that we capture the best innovative ideas, whether originally invented inside or outside our enterprise. In this letter, I wish to briefly demonstrate our recent progress in our core strategy and how we are driving progress on each of these supporting priorities.
A New Cycle of Innovative, Breakaway Medicines Addressing Important Unmet Needs
In 2016, we continued to build on the momentum from our unprecedented series of new product approvals and launches that began in 2015. The rapid pace of market introductions included six innovative medicines that address
important unmet medical needs: Repatha® (evolocumab), KYPROLIS® (carfilzomib), BLINCYTO® (blinatumomab), IMLYGIC® (talimogene laherparepvec), the Neulasta® (pegfilgrastim) Onpro® kit and Corlanor® (ivabradine). Repatha and KYPROLIS represent especially substantial opportunities due to the impact of the diseases they address and the important therapeutic benefits they provide.
Cardiovascular disease remains the world’s leading cause of death with global societal costs of more than $900 billion annually. Repatha is the first PCSK9 inhibitor in the world approved for the treatment of high-risk patients requiring additional LDL cholesterol lowering. In 2016, Repatha saw its first full year in the cardiovascular market in the United States and parts of Europe, and it was launched in Japan. While positive reception to Repatha among U.S. prescribers has been high, so too have been the hurdles limiting access and reimbursement for patients. We will continue to work with all stakeholders to address this challenge.
Last year, we said we expected that data demonstrating the positive impact of Repatha on high-risk patients suffering from cardiovascular disease would allow us to more fully articulate the value of Repatha, drive further adoption by physicians and generate payer policies that improve patient access. I am pleased to report that we now have two important new Repatha studies, both with positive results. In 2016, we announced positive results from a coronary imaging study of Repatha, which showed significant reductions in the volume of coronary artery plaque in patients who were given Repatha on top of optimized statin therapy. In early 2017, we announced that the landmark Repatha cardiovascular outcomes trial showed a marked reduction in the risk of cardiovascular events, including heart attacks and strokes, in high-risk patients taking Repatha in addition to statins. No new safety concerns were identified in either trial.
These recent milestones add important new chapters to the story of Repatha. It began when scientists in academia established that variations in the gene for PCSK9 could significantly impact LDL levels and heart disease risk. Amgen scientists helped to elucidate the complex biology of PCSK9, resulting in our intellectual property around Repatha. Through an extensive series of clinical trials, we demonstrated
Repatha’s ability to lower LDL cholesterol dramatically, to reduce plaque burden in coronary arteries and finally to significantly reduce the risk of serious cardiovascular events. From its inception, this program has shown the power of human genetic insights to guide drug discovery and development, an approach that is playing an increasingly important role across Amgen’s entire pipeline and product portfolio.
Turning to oncology, we saw strong unit volume growth in 2016 for KYPROLIS, our medicine for relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. Multiple myeloma is an often fatal form of blood cancer that strikes more than 100,000 people across the world each year. The growth of KYPROLIS last year was driven by increased market share and the launch of the product in markets outside the U.S. We are staying focused on growing share for KYPROLIS, based on the strong clinical data from the ASPIRE and ENDEAVOR studies. In the latter study, KYPROLIS demonstrated statistically significant improvements in both progression-free and overall survival compared to VELCADE® (bortezomib), the current market leader in second-line therapy. The data from ENDEAVOR facilitated the approval of KYPROLIS in Europe for use in combination with dexamethasone alone for adult patients with relapsed multiple myeloma.
In this same disease area, patients with multiple myeloma are at especially high risk for fractures and other skeletal-related events caused by bone metastases. In 2016, we announced results of a Phase 3 study that showed XGEVA® (denosumab) had met its primary endpoint of non-inferiority versus zoledronic acid in delaying bone complications in multiple myeloma patients. This latest study builds on a series of earlier trials that demonstrated XGEVA’s superiority to zoledronic acid in preventing skeletal-related events in a range of cancers. We are working to add this new data to the XGEVA label to further bolster this medicine’s position as a valuable alternative to the current standard of care.
Innovative Pipeline Advancing on Multiple Fronts Within Focused Therapeutic Areas
In addition to major progress in our programs for Repatha and KYPROLIS, our pipeline continued to advance along numerous fronts in 2016 and delivered important clinical study results and key regulatory milestones. Novel mechanisms and first-in-class therapies feature prominently across our pipeline.

Cardiovascular Disease
In heart disease, modern medicine has reduced the death rate from heart attacks, but this progress also means that more people with cardiac damage survive to later develop heart failure. About half of people diagnosed with heart failure die within five years of their initial hospitalization for the disease, the leading cause of hospital stays for people age 65 and older. Omecamtiv mecarbil, a novel cardiac myosin activator that we are developing in collaboration with Cytokinetics, led to significant improvements in several measures of cardiac function in the Phase 2 COSMIC-HF study. In 2016, we also extended our cardiovascular collaboration with Servier to include commercialization of omecamtiv mecarbil in Europe and several other countries, and we initiated a Phase 3 trial in collaboration with Cytokinetics to assess cardiovascular outcomes.
Oncology
The field of immuno-oncology has attracted enormous investment, as companies seek to enlist the body’s immune response to detect and kill tumor cells. Amgen is one of a very small number of companies that have gained approval for not just one but two novel immunotherapies: BLINCYTO, our first-in-class bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE®), and IMLYGIC, our first-in-class oncolytic viral therapy.
BLINCYTO’s development to date has focused on acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), an aggressive blood cancer that has a high risk of relapse and a long-term survival rate below
50 percent. In 2016, BLINCYTO was approved in the U.S. for use in pediatric patients with Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell ALL. In adults with this same form of ALL, the Phase 3 TOWER study showed an almost two-fold increase in median overall survival among patients treated with BLINCYTO versus the current standard of care. In conjunction with Merck, we are also conducting a cancer immunotherapy Phase 1b/3 study investigating BLINCYTO in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is the most common type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).
Last year, we also initiated a Phase 3 melanoma study of IMLYGIC in combination with KEYTRUDA. There is early encouraging evidence in humans
that IMLYGIC can work together with checkpoint inhibition to activate the immune system against certain tumors.
Bone Health
Osteoporosis is a common but underdiagnosed and undertreated bone disease that the World Health Organization has called a global epidemic. In 2016, Amgen and UCB, our development partner, reported Phase 3 results for EVENITYTM (romosozumab), an anti-sclerostin monoclonal antibody that helps the body to form new bone and also decreases bone breakdown. EVENITY represents a novel approach to treating osteoporosis. This molecule, a first of its kind, was inspired by human genetic findings. In the 7,200-patient FRAME study, EVENITY showed significant reductions in both new vertebral and clinical fractures through 12 months in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Based on this positive data, we submitted a biologics license application (BLA) to the FDA for EVENITY in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at increased risk of fracture. Last year, we also reported that EVENITY significantly increased bone mineral density in men with osteoporosis.
Neuroscience
In 2016, we progressed our collaboration with Novartis in the areas of Alzheimer’s disease and migraine, two diseases where current treatment options are limited at best. Amgen’s commitment to Alzheimer’s dates back to our success as the first organization to clone beta secretase (BACE), an enzyme that contributes to the buildup of amyloid plaque in the brains of Alzheimer’s patients. While the industry’s efforts to treat the disease by blocking BACE have yet to bear fruit, it is now thought that the damage stemming from amyloid plaque initiates well before the symptoms of Alzheimer’s appear. Our Phase 2 development program with Novartis for CNP520/AMG 520 is focused on early- intervention patients who have a very high genetic risk for the disease but no cognitive symptoms. This novel clinical approach could accelerate our entry into the Alzheimer’s arena through a differentiated and genetically validated program.
Chronic migraine is a debilitating disease that can leave patients in pain and incapacitated for up to 15 or more days per month. There are limited treatment options for migraine prevention, a serious unmet need that we are working to address through erenumab. This antibody is uniquely directed at the receptor for
calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP). A Phase 2b study in chronic migraine showed that erenumab significantly reduced patients’ monthly migraine days. A pair of Phase 3 studies in patients with episodic migraine also demonstrated statistically significant reductions in monthly migraine days. The data from these three studies will help support an expected first-in-class 2017 filing.
Nephrology
In 2016, we reported that the European Commission approved ParsabivTM (etelcalcetide) for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis, making it the first treatment advance for patients with this disease in 12 years. The FDA issued its approval for Parsabiv for use in the same patients in the first quarter of 2017. Amgen
has been a leader in nephrology for more
than 20 years.
Inflammation
In November 2016, the FDA approved the expansion of the Enbrel® (etanercept) label to include pediatric plaque psoriasis patients. With the expanded approval to treat patients ages 4 to 17 with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, ENBREL is now the first and only systemic therapy approved for use in children. The ability to help this previously underserved patient population is a critical milestone. ENBREL has a long-standing history of being a leading product in the anti-inflammation field.
Poised to Be a Leader in the Global Biosimilars Market
Strategically, Amgen has recognized for years that, as the first wave of biologics begin to face patent expiry, off-patent biologics (called biosimilars) would become an important segment of the biotechnology business. While many companies, as we anticipated, are dropping away from this pursuit, we remain steadfast in our commitment and are making excellent progress on executing our biosimilars strategy. Regulatory and legal pathways for approvals of biosimilars are becoming clearer, even though uncertainties remain.
In 2016, we had our first biosimilar, AMJEVITATM (adalimumab-atto), a biosimilar of HUMIRA® (adalimumab), approved in the United States, and we just received approval in Europe for the same molecule called AMGEVITATM (biosimilar adalimumab). We are in Phase 3 trials for

ABP 710 (biosimilar infliximab [REMICADE®]). Working with our partner, Allergan plc., we submitted applications for approval for ABP 215 (biosimilar bevacizumab [Avastin®]) to the FDA and EMA. In addition, we and Allergan are in Phase 3 trials for two additional biosimilars— ABP 980 (biosimilar trastuzumab [Herceptin®]) and ABP 798 (biosimilar rituximab [Rituxan®/ MabThera®]).
In aggregate, Amgen’s portfolio of 10 biosimilars in development represents a substantial opportunity, with global 2016 originator sales for these products exceeding $60 billion. We believe Amgen’s deep experience in biologics development and our differentiated, world-class capabilities in biotechnology manufacturing position us well for leadership in the global biosimilars market.
Expanding Our Portfolio of Innovative Medicines Internationally
With aging demographics in many countries, we expect demand for innovative medicines that address serious illness to continue to grow. Amgen’s portfolio is constituted to provide an important solution. During the past five years, we have successfully expanded our reach to nearly 100 countries, both through organic expansion as well as through reacquisition of marketing rights to some of our medicines in key markets. This work has begun to yield direct benefits, as the 94 product/country approvals in 2016 represented regulatory approvals for products in 37 different countries. We saw our first approvals in Tunisia and Taiwan and, with the approval of Repatha in Japan, enjoyed the first product approval through our Japanese partnership— Amgen Astellas BioPharma K.K. (AABP), a
joint venture between Amgen and Astellas Pharma Inc.
Building on Amgen’s Competitive Advantage in Biomanufacturing
We recognize that our long record of delivering reliable supplies of high-quality medicines with improving efficiency is a source of differentiated competitive advantage. We are excited about the future of our manufacturing network and have completed all major regulatory inspections and await final licensure of our next-generation biomanufacturing plant in Singapore, constructed in less than half the time and at less than a quarter of the cost of a traditional facility. At this facility, we expect a vast reduction in water use,
fewer staff required to operate the facility and the use of significantly less energy.
We are incorporating some of the insights we have gained through this next-generation design into our existing facilities as well, constantly seeking to reduce the scale and costs of making biologics while maintaining a reliable, high- quality, compliant supply of medicines.
Differentiating Our Medicines Through Drug Delivery Systems
Biologic medicines are generally injected or administered intravenously. Amgen has been successfully investing in new ways to formulate and deliver our medicines in order to make them easier to use for both patients and physicians.
In 2016, we continued to see strong performance from the Neulasta Onpro kit, a clear example of our commitment to innovation to improve the quality of patient care throughout our products’ lifecycles. This kit helps improve patient experience by eliminating the need to return to a doctor’s office the day after chemotherapy for a Neulasta injection. The Neulasta Onpro kit continues to gain traction and exited 2016 with approximately 50 percent share of all Neulasta sales in the U.S.
More recently, we achieved differentiation for Repatha with FDA and EMA approvals for single-injection dosing options for monthly administration. The PushtronexTM system (on-body infusor with prefilled cartridge) for Repatha is the first and only single monthly injection for a PCSK9 inhibitor, offering another delivery option to patients who need the additional LDL cholesterol lowering that Repatha can provide.
Pursuing Disciplined Business Development
We maintain an active licensing and acquisition effort to access external innovation opportunities in the biotechnology industry. Our business development team evaluates numerous opportunities every year. We employ a highly focused, efficient and gated process to assess these opportunities against our present and future strategic objectives.
In 2016, we transacted agreements to enhance four of our six strategic therapeutic areas, increase our global presence and bolster our discovery research and health technology capabilities. We entered more than 20 licensing
and collaboration agreements, some of which included equity investments, and entered more than 60 academic collaborations.
A few noteworthy transactions included agreements with Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (cardiovascular disease), Advaxis Immunotherapies (oncology), Immatics Biotechnologies GmbH (oncology), Teijin Pharma Limited (nephrology), SiteOne Therapeutics, Inc. (neuroscience), Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. and Genomics Medicine Ireland Limited (GMI). Through Amgen Ventures, we made nine new and follow-on investments to support research and development, technology and innovation. We also out-licensed several programs in 2016 that didn’t fit our strategy but represented opportunities to improve the availability of new medicines through partners. In addition, we actively participated in multiple acquisition assessments in search of strategically relevant—and appropriately valued—assets.
We actively manage our portfolio, looking to add assets where we are strategically focused and to move away from areas in which we are not seeking to build market presence. This involves making ongoing prioritization assessments of our entire portfolio, based on internal insights gained from human genetics, the clinical performance of our pipeline, changing market conditions and newly available innovation. Within our six core therapeutic areas, we allocate resources across the best internal and external opportunities we assess. This balance of internal research and development coupled with external programs and collaborations has generated the successful portfolio of current medicines and pipeline candidates we have today.
Transforming Amgen for the Future
As we navigate a period of increasing competition for patent-expired products and, at the same time, invest in a number of significant launches of important new medicines, we remain in tight control of our business and operations. Significant transformation and process- improvement efforts have been an integral part of our operational execution at Amgen over the past four years. Since 2014, these efforts enabled us to realize approximately $1.2 billion in transformation and process improvement savings, which were reinvested in funding new product launches, progressing our innovative pipeline and pursuing external business development opportunities capable of delivering longer-term value to patients and shareholders.

Through the transformation, Amgen has positioned itself to bring innovative medicines to patients faster than ever before. Our goal is to measurably improve cycle times in our discovery and development processes. Overall, we have already identified and piloted process changes yielding cycle time improvements measured in years. A molecule that reflects these innovations is our ASGR1 monoclonal antibody for cardiovascular disease. To date, this molecule represents one of the fastest development programs in the company’s history. The Investigational New Drug Application for this molecule is expected to be submitted in the first half of 2017, less than a year after the publication of the ASGR1 data in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Through the application of human genetic validation, we have increased the conviction with which we can develop some medicines. Accordingly, we have engineered ways to do more development work in parallel, rather than serially, which offers us better speed to market and helps us better manage the investment risk of these programs.
Amgen’s consistent approach to transformation has itself become a core capability and a competitive advantage. We have developed a rigorous and internally driven method for executing business improvements, enabling swift and agile response to evolving business risks and opportunities. We have also embedded transformation practitioners throughout the company—staff members who are equipped to advise, drive and support continuous improvement using the tools, knowledge and skills gained during the transformation.
Changing Social and Financial Realities and Amgen’s Responsibilities
Amgen recognizes the significant social and financial pressures that are impinging on societies around the world. We believe strongly that medical innovation is needed to address the personal and social burdens of illness. The financial burdens of diseases borne by society overwhelm the much more modest costs of medicines that address these conditions. Consider cardiovascular disease, which generates an estimated $650 billion of costs per year in the United States alone, or Alzheimer’s disease, where total annual U.S. costs are estimated at over $250 billion. Curative or disease-modifying medicines in these categories
would provide a direct answer to the challenge of healthcare system costs.
At Amgen, we believe that our strategy of seeking innovative medicines that create large positive clinical effects in serious diseases with unmet needs is the right strategy—and the one that best aligns our company and our shareholder interests with the interests of society as a whole. We manage our business with a commitment to ethics and compliance; we seek to price our medicines commensurate with the value they deliver; we are transparent about that value; and we have publicly declared our range of commitments to patients. As a leading provider of innovative medicines, Amgen advocates for policies and practices that make our medicines available to all patients for whom these therapies are appropriate. In some cases, that means providing direct assistance to patients who cannot otherwise afford our medicines. In fact, we have captured our commitments in this area explicitly and transparently in a document called “Amgen’s Commitment to Patients,” available in the “Responsibility” section of our corporate website.
In the United States, which remains Amgen’s largest market, there is a focus on various healthcare reform proposals under the new administration and Congress. We continue to have constructive dialogues with the administration and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle in support of innovative solutions that improve our healthcare system, foster the growth of life sciences, fuel economic well-being and competitiveness and deliver important new treatment options for patients.
As always, we engage our board of directors, our staff and our shareholders, as well as physicians and patients, in serious conversations about our responsibilities. We benefit from an experienced, diverse board that engages actively with us. We interact regularly with our board on changes in medical practice and the health policy environment and the ways in which these changes affect elements of our strategy. We continually assess and refresh our board composition to assure that we challenge ourselves as an enterprise and add capabilities appropriate to the challenges we face. As of today, seven of our 15 board members have joined us within the past five years. In this regard, I would take a moment to welcome both Charles Holley and Ellen Kullman to our board.
Their deep operating and global experiences have already allowed them to make valuable contributions to Amgen as we work to shape an exciting future.
The pillars of our current strategy were established with our board in late 2010 and communicated publicly in early 2011. From that strategic base, in 2014, we established and communicated specific, measurable long-term 2018 goals. Our staff and shareholders have been engaged throughout to assure their understanding of—and support for—our strategy and shareholder commitments. The support from our board, shareholders and staff for these commitments and our operational priorities in achieving them has remained unwavering. Our investors, in particular, have acknowledged the effectiveness of our outreach.
Amgen’s Exciting Path Forward
This is an exciting time for Amgen and biotechnology. Innovation is flourishing, with innovative medicines making a difference in the fight against previously intractable diseases. Excitement and momentum are palpable at Amgen as we mine advances in our understanding of human genetics to identify high-potential biological targets, build next- generation biomanufacturing platforms and continue transforming our business in ways that increase our agility, speed and competitiveness. With the emergence of significant new insights and technologies, we are witnessing an unprecedented number of opportunities to address serious illness in important new ways.
On behalf of the board of directors and all of my Amgen colleagues, I thank you for your support of our company and our strategy for long-term growth. I also thank our staff and Amgen collaborators for all that has been accomplished for patients in 2016. The commitment of Amgen staff to our mission and values is the driving force behind our ability to deliver for shareholders and patients.
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    