Dear Stockholders,
By almost any measure, 2003 was a year of significant progress for Amgen. We fulfilled our mission to serve patients by bringing important therapeutics to more people than ever. In the process, we delivered worldclass financial results and became one of the world's fastest-growing companies in sales in any industry. We continued to advance our pipeline and added substantially to our leadership ranks. In an independent survey of more than 1,000 industry executives and financial analysts, Amgen and two other fine companies received the highest ethics rating in the biopharmaceutical industry.

Amgen staff members at a Habitat for Humanity build site in Los Angeles. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: Joe Turgeon, Helen Torley (seated), Mary Ellen Cosenza, Michael Kelly, Amgen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sharer, Madhu Balachandran, Marc de Garidel, Beth Seidenberg, Mike Gresser, Will Dere, David Liebowitz (seated)
AMGEN 2003 ANNUAL REPORT PAGE 23

In the preceding pages, you've read about what we do. But how we do it is just as important. Six key ideas drive us as a company: our mission to serve patients; our aspiration to be the best human therapeutics company; the Amgen values that guide our behaviors; our strategy; our goals for the year; and the leadership attributes that define what we expect from Amgen leaders. I'm focusing here on our leadership attributes because they are particularly important to me as chief executive officer-- and to the future of the company. The photo on the previous page was taken in January of 2004 in Los Angeles. On that day, more than 400 of our top executives, in partnership with Habitat for Humanity, took up hammers, paintbrushes, and pickaxes to help a family of eight realize their dream of home ownership. The individuals pictured with me on the previous page are just a few of the Amgen executives who personify what we expect of leaders at the company. Our leaders are first charged with charting the course. They must translate our business strategy into challenging but actionable objectives and plans, convey a sense of purpose and mission that motivates others, and balance big picture concerns with day-to-day issues. In 2003, our leaders proved their ability to chart the course. Our research and development teams set several ambitious goals, including completing several key regulatory filings in the United States. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted SensiparTM (cinacalcet HC l) priority review status in December 2003 for the treatment of forms of hyperparathyroidism, and ENBREL® (etanercept) received approval for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis and a supplemental Biologics License Application is now under FDA review for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. In operations, we set out to move most of our bulk manufacturing to Puerto Rico over the next five years, and made significant progress on a major expansion of our biotechnology manufacturing facilities there. In Europe, our leaders did a tremendous job of communicating a "one company" vision. The message had a motivational impact:

in 2003, our international product sales hit $1 billion for the first time, while we laid the groundwork for expanding our sales and territories in Central and Eastern Europe. Leaders at Amgen are expected not only to chart the course--they must also develop strong, diverse teams. During 2003, our leaders hired new sales force staff, recruited top scientists, and worked hard to develop better leadership skills. Today, our ability to attract the best people has never been stronger. Half our worldwide staff of about 13,000 have joined us in the last two and a half years. As Amgen grows in size, we will remain nimble by preventing bureaucracy and taking actions that are collectively fast, decisive, and flexible. We continue to foster an innovative work environment by encouraging diverse inputs and ideas. In our executive ranks, we have added more women and men from diverse backgrounds with responsibility for everything from product development, to multibilliondollar business franchises, to key corporate functions. We will maintain our efforts to become even more diverse to ensure that innovation remains our strength. We also expect our leaders to deliver results. We challenge ourselves to achieve top marks in financial performance, market competitiveness, product development, manufacturing, facilities expansion, intellectual property protection, regulatory and government agency actions, and more. Last year, our leaders demonstrated that when it comes to competing in all these areas, we can more than hold our own. We realized market share gains in 2003 in many of our products and geographies. We received seven regulatory approvals and filed for five new indications in the United States alone. We made excellent progress in our collaboration efforts, winning a worldwide competition for Biovitrum AB's small molecule enzyme inhibitors for the treatment of metabolic diseases and certain other medical disorders, entering a partnership with Tularik Inc. to pursue multiple discovery and development programs in oncology, and restructuring our agreement with Abgenix, Inc. to shift decision-making authority for panitumumab (ABX-EGF) to Amgen. We advanced our pipeline by creating 10 additional strategy teams for potential new products and moving four

AMGEN 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 24

new molecules into human clinical testing. We continued to grow our worldwide manufacturing capability while meeting our goal to deliver product to every patient, every time. Finally, we expect our leaders to be role models. Our values only have meaning when they are lived, first and foremost, by those who guide others. By building a house together for a family in need, Amgen's leaders demonstrated the importance of giving back to the communities in which we live and work. Our leaders have been role models in so many ways. They have made personal sacrifices to lead key projects while living far from friends and familiar surroundings. They have embraced change in the face of uncertainty, set high professional standards, shown unmatched levels of personal commitment, and rolled up their shirtsleeves to achieve key company goals. Their extraordinary efforts send the clear message that at Amgen, leaders don't merely supervise from the top down, they work hand-in-hand with their teams toward a common goal --making a dramatic difference in the lives of patients. I'd like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to Amgen staff throughout the world for a great year. We know we face new and considerable challenges ahead, and that our 2003 results do not guarantee success in 2004. That said, putting a solid year on the books gives us every reason to be optimistic about the future.

AMGEN 2003 ACHIEVEMENTS
Delivered strong financial performance including a 37 percent increase in adjusted earnings per share and a 58 percent increase in product sales as compared to 2002. Received approval for ENBREL® in the United States for four new indications: for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis; to inhibit the progression of structural damage in psoriatic arthritis; to improve physical function in rheumatoid arthritis patients; and for a once-weekly dosing option for patients across all approved indications. Submitted a supplemental Biologics License Application for ENBREL® in the United States for use in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Submitted a new drug application for SensiparTM in the United States for the treatment of forms of hyperparathyroidism. Completed a phase 3 study for palifermin in the treatment of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced oral mucositis in patients with hematologic malignancies. Initiated strategic collaborations with several life-science companies including Tularik Inc. and Biovitrum AB. Advanced on schedule major, complex expansions of manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico and Rhode Island and completed construction of a new research center in Seattle, which opened in January 2004. Grew Amgen staff by 27 percent, adding approximately 3,000 people worldwide, expanding the company's capabilities across multiple areas. Named by Fortune magazine for the fifth time as one of the "100 Best Companies to Work For" and by Science magazine for the second consecutive year as one of the top biotechnology and pharmaceutical employers. Additionally, in an independent survey of more than 1,000 industry executives and financial analysts, Amgen was one of three companies to receive the highest ethics rating in the biopharmaceutical industry.

KEVIN W. SHARER Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 11, 2004

AMGEN 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 25

