Dear Stockholders,
2008 was a good year for Amgen, its stockholders and the patients we serve. Amgen’s most important news in 2008 was our progress in advancing our drug development pipeline. In July we received the clinical data from the pivotal denosumab postmenopausal osteoporosis trial, which compared denosumab with placebo in assessing fracture risk. Approximately 7,800 patients were tested over a three-year period. The results were encouraging in both efficacy and safety: statistically significant reductions in fractures compared with placebo, with a rate of adverse events similar to placebo. Doctors and experts who have reviewed the data are excited and optimistic that this twice-a-year injection could bring new hope and benefit to large numbers of patients.
We have now filed for marketing approval in the United States, Europe and Canada in two indications for denosumab: prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis and cancer treatment-induced bone loss. We look forward to working with the regulatory agencies in these markets. Later in 2009 and in 2010, we expect to receive additional data on denosumab’s ability to treat and prevent bone metastases in cancer patients.
Denosumab is the direct result of major discoveries in bone biology made by Amgen scientists. It works in an entirely different way from any other available bone loss therapies. In two phase 3 studies, denosumab provided greater gains in bone density than those achieved with
Letter to Stockholders
 Amgen 2008 Annual Report 1
 Amgen’s most important news in 2008 was our progress in advancing our pipeline.

   alendronate treatment. Osteoporosis affects an estimated 200 million people worldwide. Many of these are women over age 50, and hip and vertebral fractures are serious problems in this group. We think denosumab, once approved and used in ways consistent with the approved label, has the potential to help many people, and we are gathering the relevant data to demonstrate a clear and compelling value proposition. We have spent 15 years working on this important new medicine, from doing the fundamental research to developing manufacturing processes that we expect will result in exceptionally efficient and high-quality production capabilities. The denosumab story is Amgen at our best.
Another significant event in 2008 was the approval of Nplate® (romiplostim). Nplate® has been approved in
the United States, Europe and Australia for use in adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura. ITP patients suffer from low platelet counts, live with the possibility of dangerous excessive bleeding from even a minor injury, and have few long-term treatment options. At our Annual Meeting of Stockholders last May, I met a man enrolled in a clinical trial of Nplate® who told me how this medicine made a profound difference in his life. His story, and the shared experience of the patients who have benefited from Amgen’s medicines, serve as a constant motivation for all of us at Amgen as we work to better understand biology and deliver innovative new medicines.
*Non-GAAP financial measure. See reconciliation on page 8.
Developing these medicines is a difficult, expensive and risky process, but delivering for patients makes it all worthwhile.
There were other accomplishments in 2008 that we feel good about. Through tight cost management and focused execution, we grew revenue and adjusted earnings per share* in the face of continued erosion in our anemia franchise. And we met our financial objectives without compromising investment in our pipeline. Our international business turned in a solid performance, as did our worldwide Neulasta® and NEUPOGEN® franchise and Sensipar®/Mimpara®. We prevailed at trial in the patent case for erythropoietin against Roche. In Europe, we met the first biosimilars challenge in our history: as several biosimilar competitors, along with peg-EPO, entered European markets, Amgen’s innovative medicines continued to be chosen by patients and physicians. We introduced six new molecules into human trials in 2008 and shared promising new data for several of our investigational cancer therapies. Amgen’s manufacturing network improved efficiency and productivity while maintaining the highest quality standards.
We also remain committed to serving the broader community and environment. As our business expands to new customers and regions, the Amgen Foundation, our philanthropic arm, expands to respond to needs in our communities. In 2008, the Amgen Foundation announced the expansion to Europe of
2
 
 Amgen Scholars, our groundbreaking $27.5 million program that gives undergraduate students opportunities to do hands-on scientific research with eminent faculty at leading universities. Through our philanthropy and our business, we are intensifying our actions to help solve complex issues of access to medicines and to connect patients to the information, assistance and support they need.
Last year our stock was one of the best performers on the S&P 500, rising 24 percent as the S&P 500 fell 38 percent
in the midst of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. This performance was welcome news to our stockholders following a very difficult 2007. We feel fortunate to have a strong and vital business that is performing well, with a meaningful mission and good prospects for the future. To all of our staff members worldwide, thank you for your conviction, your efforts, your leadership, and your results.
Over the years we have had a consistent strategy, and I
am convinced our strategy will serve us well in 2009 and beyond. Amgen’s strategy includes putting patients first, focusing solely on human therapeutics, investing heavily in our pipeline, fostering a high-performing and diverse workforce grounded in our values, remaining independent by delivering superior value to our stockholders, and striving to be a leader in every therapeutic area we serve. We know that the environment for our industry is difficult, the economy
is in crisis, and there are many factors beyond our control. Despite these uncertainties, we enter 2009 focused on what we need to do, prepared for whatever the year brings and confident we have the team, resources and strategy to succeed.
KEVIN W. SHARER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 6, 2009
    Amgen 2008 Annual Report 3
