Dear fellow shareholders,
In 2010, Ameriprise Financial reached its fifth anniversary as a public company. When we began this journey, my management team and I believed without reservation in our potential. While we knew much work lay ahead, we were confident that we had the right strategy and that we could build our unique assets into one of the strongest firms in our industry. Today, after adeptly navigating an extraordinary economic and financial crisis, Ameriprise Financial stands stronger than ever, with a growing legacy of performance, highlighted by record results in 2010, and a powerful position from which to drive continued growth. When we became a public company in 2005, we made several commitments, and we remain true to them today. First, we confirmed that our strategy, centered on deep client-advisor relationships, was the right approach for us. Second, we wanted to provide our clients with a broad range of high-quality products. Third, we knew that a recognized and respected brand could provide our advisors with important credibility and help them build productive practices, so we invested in establishing and building our presence in the marketplace. And finally, we reaffirmed our commitment to a prudent, consistent, conservative approach to managing our financial and other resources.
Continued 

James M. Cracchiolo
Chairman and CEO

1

Operating Earnings Per Diluted Share $5 $2.63 $3.35 $3.91 $2.32 $3.08 $4.38

$4

$3

$2

We've adhered to these principles, and our consistency has paid off. We've grown our client base and assets tremendously, with total owned, managed and administered assets reaching $673 billion and 2010 earnings surpassing $1 billion. Our client and advisor retention are very high. Our brand is now widely recognized and was untarnished throughout the financial crisis. And our operating foundation -- marked by significant excess capital, a high-quality investment portfolio and a continuous focus on expense management -- has allowed us to thrive through challenging times. During the past five years, we invested approximately $4 billion in Ameriprise Financial -- to establish a public company, to increase the strength of our businesses and for strategic acquisitions. The business has generated sufficient capital to fund these investments and also to provide significant returns for our shareholders. In fact, we also returned more than $3 billion to shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and dividends.

$1 0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 Operating Net Revenues (in billions) $10 $7.1 $7.9 $8.5 $7.7 $7.7 $9.6

$8

$6

$4

$2 0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010

2010: A record year, building on a legacy of accomplishment In 2010, we continued to move the company forward in many meaningful ways: We completed an important acquisition to establish critical scale in our asset management business; we helped our advisors acquire more clients and become more productive; and we further solidified our balance sheet, which was already among the strongest in the industry. Our many accomplishments enabled us to surpass pre-crisis profitability levels, even with continuing economic and market challenges. In fact, we finished the year with our strongest financial results ever, a testament to the earnings power of our business.
Our earnings, revenues and return on equity all reached new highs in 2010. On an operating basis,

Ameriprise Financial celebrated its fifth anniversary as a public company in 2010. Some highlights follow. 

2

net revenues were $9.6 billion, up 24 percent over 2009; earnings were $1.1 billion, an increase of 53 percent; and our return on equity was 12.3 percent, up from 9.2 percent a year earlier. We delivered record results in 2010 despite ongoing challenges in the operating environment. While equity markets improved, the S&P 500 Index ended the year nearly 20 percent below its 2007 highs. And shortterm interest rates hovered near zero, which impacted our ability to earn investment income. As our advisors helped clients stay focused on their long-term financial goals, clients regained some confidence; still, their investing activity continued to be muted as they remained cautious about the economy and markets. Investors recognized our resilience and our results: The price of Ameriprise Financial common stock increased 48 percent in 2010, significantly outperforming broad market indices and the S&P Financials Index, which increased 11 percent for the year. We are building a legacy of accomplishment, and Ameriprise Financial today stands well positioned for continued success. I would like to explain how each of our business areas contributes to our results -- and to our bright future. We operate four segments: Advice & Wealth Management, which comprises our advisory business; Asset Management; Annuities; and Protection. We are focused on growing our advisory and asset management businesses and ensuring we have a strong product suite to help our advisors maintain deep client relationships. The Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management segments generate recurring client fees and require significantly less capital than our other two segments, which in turn means that those businesses can generate higher returns for shareholders. We made good progress toward delivering a higher earnings contribution from these segments in 2010. Meanwhile, the Protection and Annuities

Owned, Managed and Administered Assets (in billions) $673 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 $428 $466 $480 $372 $458 $800 $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 0

Our Advisors. Your Dreams.
Nancy One of our 10,000 advisors

The MORE WITHIN REACH®brand platform means that we listen to investors. We take the time to understand their dreams and financial goals.

2005

Established the Ameriprise Financial brand

2005
AMP began trading on the NYSE

3

segments provide critical elements of our clients' financial plans and generate solid results.

New Retirement Mindscape II study
SM

In 2010, Ameriprise Financial revisited its groundbreaking 2005 study that revealed the distinct financial and emotional stages people go through on their retirement journeys. The updated findings clearly demonstrated the significant emotional impact the financial crisis had on U.S. consumers, including increased anxieties and shaken confidence, while also compelling people to plan more proactively for retirement. To learn more about the study, visit newsroom.ameriprise.com.

Advice & Wealth Management: Serving a growing need In Advice & Wealth Management, our strategy aligns well with current consumer trends. U.S. households own some $25 trillion in investable assets, and, following the recent recession, consumers increasingly understand the value of sound financial advice. We are well situated to meet these needs: Our network of approximately 10,000 branded financial advisors work with clients in close, comprehensive relationships focused on clients' long-term goals. In fact, we have more financial planning clients than any other firm, and we have broad capabilities to help clients gain confidence in their ability to retire.
Early in 2010, we launched our MORE WITHIN REACH® brand platform, which includes broad-based online and television advertising as well as a refreshed brand identity. The platform features our advisors and reinforces the close, personal nature of their work with clients. We're helping advisors grow their practices by continually upgrading the products, tools and technology at their disposal. At this writing, we are in the process of installing our new brokerage platform, a multi-year investment that will help advisors serve clients more efficiently. And we maintained our commitment to provide a broad range of quality products. Our advisors and clients can choose from more than 7,000 mutual funds from more than 275 companies. In addition, we expanded variable annuity choice by adding products from three non-affiliated companies, and we further enhanced our adviceembedded product platform with a new offering in our Active Portfolios®investment family.

2006

Introduced a compelling client experience

®

4

2007
Debuted at 297 on the FORTUNE 500 ®

During the year, we completed a substantial portion of our work to re-engineer the employee advisor platform with a focus on advisor productivity. As a result, employee advisor retention and production both reached all-time highs. These improvements contributed to similar records across the entire advisor group, with operating net revenue per advisor reaching $326,000 and total advisor retention remaining very strong. We also continued to make considerable investments to attract and retain advisors -- and to help them grow their practices. The stability of our business and brand, as well as the strong value we offer, enabled us to recruit approximately 800 experienced advisors during the past two years. Compared with advisors new to the business, these recruits generate immediate productivity and bring significant client assets. Our efforts to meet client and advisor needs helped drive strong results in the Advice & Wealth Management segment. Total client assets increased 12 percent, to $329 billion, and total wrap assets exceeded $110 billion for the first time, reinforcing our position as one of the largest mutual fund advisory program providers in the U.S.

Operating Net Revenue Per Advisor (in thousands) $350 $300 $250 $200 $150 $100 $50 0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 $229 $268 $315 $294 $262 $326

Asset Management: Achieving global scale With the April 2010 completion of the Columbia Management acquisition, Ameriprise is now among the 25 largest asset managers in the world, with $457 billion in segment assets under management -- $351 billion managed by Columbia and $106 billion managed by Threadneedle, our Europe-based international asset manager.
The Columbia acquisition transformed our domestic asset management business, making us the seventhlargest manager of long-term U.S. mutual fund assets. We expect to complete fund mergers in the first half of 2011, which will allow us to offer a comprehensive

2008
Acquired H&R Block Financial Advisors and J. & W. Seligman & Co.

5

Pretax Operating Earnings from Advisory and Asset Management Businesses 60% 50% 41% 40% 30% 20% 10% 0 2005 2010 19%

roster of strong-performing mutual funds across every significant style of fund management. In fact, on a pro forma basis, a large majority of our funds' performance is expected to be above the Lipper peer medians. The acquisition also greatly expanded the universe of clients and advisors to whom we can sell our funds. While Ameriprise financial advisors remain an important focus, we now have strong distribution opportunities at many of the largest financial advisory firms in the nation. As we re-established our asset management scale in the U.S., Threadneedle delivered another solid year. The firm is among the leading retail asset managers in the U.K., backed by excellent investment performance across a wide range of asset classes. Threadneedle is succeeding at broadening its geographic reach: While approximately 80 percent of the firm's assets under management are U.K.-based, about half of its 2010 sales were in Europe, Asia, the Americas, Australia and the Middle East.

Insurance and Annuities: Providing retirement and financial security Our Protection and Annuities segments offer highquality products with features that are critical to our clients' comprehensive financial planning and longterm needs.
In the annuities business, we offer a range of investment products that appeal to clients while helping provide appropriate returns for shareholders. The business delivered another solid year, driven by the success of a new variable product that contributed to total variable annuity balances reaching $63 billion at year end. Because interest rates remain extremely low, we initiated relatively few fixed annuity contracts during the year, but our existing balance of $14 billion in fixed annuities continued to provide attractive returns.

2008

2008
Supported clients and advisors through the financial crisis

Maintained capital strength; declined U.S. Government financial assistance

6

12%

9.7% 10.9% 11.8%

Our substantial insurance business -- we have $192 billion of life insurance in force -- delivers products that can help clients protect income, grow assets and give to those they care about. For instance, we are among the largest sellers of variable universal life insurance, which allows insured clients to experience investment gains from market-based investments. The insurance business faced challenges in 2010, with industry-wide demand for insurance products continuing its long downward trend and with claims increasing in the second half of the year. Despite the difficult environment, our universal and variable universal life insurance sales increased 17 percent for the year, in part due to our comprehensive focus on the role protection plays in each stage of a client's life. Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance also continued its long-term growth trend, with the number of policies climbing by 9 percent. We continue to generate good sales from affinity relationships, and, in 2010, we were pleased with the initial success of a partnership that's bringing us good homeowners insurance sales. We have a clear focus on achieving stronger insurance sales: We're simplifying the process of discussing insurance with clients and completing transactions. While we expect industry trends to remain a challenge, we believe strongly in the value and importance of insurance to clients' financial plans.

Operating Return on Equity (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income) 12.3% 6.7% 0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 9.2% 15%

9%

6%

3%

Our foundation: A defining characteristic of our firm Our businesses are supported by a powerful financial foundation. Throughout the recent crisis, we maintained significant excess capital and liquidity, our invested asset portfolio remained high-quality, and we were one of the few firms whose credit ratings were not downgraded. As a result, we were able to decline government funding, invest in our business and acquire companies, including Columbia Management.

2009

Announced charitable support for Feeding America

2009
Completed Columbia Management acquisition
7

Leadership
No. 1 financial planning firm in the U.S. No. 2 mutual fund advisory program in assets No. 5 branded advisor force in the U.S. No. 6 variable universal life insurance provider No. 7 long-term mutual fund assets in the U.S. No. 9 variable annuity provider
(see sources on page 10)

And, we were one of the first financial services companies to re-establish a share buyback program, returning more than two-thirds of our 2010 earnings to shareholders. This long-term strength, coupled with our enduring commitment to re-engineering and expense management, enabled us to emerge from that difficult period in excellent financial condition. Today, with more than $1.5 billion in excess capital, low indebtedness, a high-quality investment portfolio, effective risk management and continuing expense control, our operating foundation remains bedrock.

Looking ahead: Well-positioned for sustainable growth We have one of the nation's largest advisor forces and a three-million-strong client base. We have a vital brand, and we are ideally suited to meet the growing consumer demand for financial advice. We offer an exceptional breadth and depth of appealing products. Our higher-return, less-capital-demanding businesses are leading our growth. And we have the financial strength and flexibility to invest and grow when opportunities arise. In short, I feel good about our position.
Five years ago, when we set out on our journey as a public company, we could not have foreseen the historically challenging times ahead, but we prepared the company to be resilient, to thrive across market cycles. While the financial crisis of 2008-2009 may have temporarily delayed our growth trajectory, we have emerged stronger than ever -- with a record year and many accomplishments in 2010 -- and are poised for continued success in the years ahead. I often remind people that at Ameriprise, we've "stuck to our knitting." That means we made a plan, and we've continued to execute it, resisting temptation to chase risky gains and avoiding calamity. With the strength of our current position, we need only to stick

8

2010
Introduced More Within Reach®brand platform

to our knitting in the years ahead, and I am confident that our legacy of growth will continue.

Ameriprise Financial Stock Performance Total return since listing on the NYSE compared to market and industry indices 75% 50% 25% 0% (25)% (50)%
12/06 12/07 10/05 12/08 12/09 12/10

Thank you My Executive Leadership Team and I owe our sincere gratitude to many constituents.
Millions of clients give us their confidence. We understand -- and embrace -- the responsibility that accompanies that trust. To our advisors, all of us at Ameriprise know that you are the face of our firm. We will continue to support you in every way we can. The thousands of employees of Ameriprise Financial also deserve my gratitude. We have made terrific progress and achieved many successes largely because of your contributions. I would also like to thank our board of directors for your ongoing guidance and engagement. Your dedication has long served all our constituents well. Finally, I would like to thank you, our shareholders. I am grateful for your investment in our company, and we will continue to work hard to earn your continuing confidence.

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. S&P 500 Index S&P Financials Index

Sincerely,

James M. Cracchiolo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2010
Generated record operating net revenues, earnings and return on equity

9

