To Our Shareholders

"We've been consistently focused on executing our strategy, and it's working. In 2007, we delivered another strong year despite increasingly challenging market conditions."

When Ameriprise Financial became an independent public company in October 2005, we were focused on unleashing our potential. All of us--my executive team, our advisors and field staff and our employees-- recognized that we had a great deal to accomplish while simultaneously generating solid financial performance. We've delivered on our commitments, and we're proud of the company we've built together. In this, our third annual report, we'll outline our growth to date and how we intend to continue to realize our opportunities by building on the strong platform we've created. We have a clear vision of what we want to achieve, and we have the strategy, foundation and talent to bring our vision to life.

2007: A year of progress
We've been consistently focused on executing our strategy, and it's working. In 2007, we delivered another strong year despite increasingly challenging market conditions. We met our on-average, over-time growth goals even as we concluded a complex separation from our former parent company. For the year, net revenues grew 8 percent, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 16 percent and our adjusted return on equity of 12.6 percent reached our target range for the first time. We met our financial targets by executing our strategy: grow mass affluent and affluent client relationships, strengthen our lead in financial planning, drive gains in advisor productivity, grow our assets and continue to reinforce our corporate foundation. In 2007, mass affluent and affluent client assets increased 10 percent as we deepened our financial planning relationships with these clients. This contributed to our growth in advisor productivity, as measured by net revenue per advisor, which increased 18 percent compared to last year. As we deepened client relationships, drove product innovation and delivered solid investment performance, our owned, managed and administered assets grew to $480 billion. Meanwhile, we reinforced our foundation by continuing to

2

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

invest in our talent and infrastructure, and by capitalizing on our proven re-engineering and expense management strengths. These results were achieved against the backdrop of substantial challenges from capital markets. While we are not immune to market weakness and volatility, our long-term client relationship focus and balance sheet strength helped us effectively weather these challenges. Importantly, we did not experience any material impairments related to the deteriorating mortgage and credit market conditions, a testament to the strength and soundness of our balance sheet and risk
James M. Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO

management. We remain committed to our conservative approach and believe it will continue to serve us well across ongoing market cycles.

Focused on growth
Ameriprise Financial serves 2.8 million clients, and more people come to Ameriprise for financial planning than any other company. We are one of very few firms dedicated to a personalized approach to financial planning for the 41 million* mass affluent and affluent American households--the majority of whom prefer one-to-one financial advice. Current demographic trends--with baby boomers approaching retirement and Americans living longer--serve to reinforce our large market opportunity. We believe we have created an ideal platform to continue to strengthen our position as the leader in financial planning. The Ameriprise Financial brand--nonexistent just two and a half years ago and now highly recognizable within the retail financial services industry-- will continue to be an important contributor to our client growth. Our innovative advertising is authentic and positive, speaking to consumers' dreams rather than their fears. We intend to continue to improve the
*SRI Consulting Business Intelligence

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

3

To Our Shareholders (continued)

"We believe we have created an ideal platform to continue to strengthen our position as the leader in financial planning."

financial planning conversation through national advertising, localized marketing programs and our compelling client experience. Our 11,800-strong advisor force, the third largest in the industry, is motivated, satisfied and highly productive. In fact, over the last two years, gains in advisor productivity were the strongest in many years, reaching $315,000 in net revenue per advisor, and our franchisee advisor retention rate continues to be very high. We intend to help advisors further grow their productivity levels by implementing several important initiatives. We are in the process of rolling out an industry-leading technology platform, including new financial planning tools and a desktop system that allows more time for personal client service. And in the first half of 2008, we are bringing thousands of our advisors to our training facilities in Minneapolis to assist them in growing their practices by implementing powerful new tools, capabilities and support programs. In addition, we are evolving our advisor recruitment efforts--bringing in fewer but more promising employee advisors, reducing training costs and increasing their opportunities to succeed. At the same time, we are beginning to recruit more advisors with established practices. Advisor productivity is dependent upon our ability to serve a full range of clients' needs. We offer an extensive set of product solutions, including mutual funds, advisory, a wide range of insurance offerings, annuities and traditional banking products. Innovation is the driving force of our product development strategy and many of our solutions are among the most innovative in retail financial services today. We intend to build on the success of our suite of Advice-Built t solutions:
SM M

they're designed to navigate changing market conditions and help clients achieve their short- and long-term goals. Solutions such as Active Portfolios s® investments, as well as accumulation and withdrawal benefits in RiverSource e® variable annuities, have received an enthusiastic reception from financial advisors and clients. These products have been key contributors to RiverSource Funds moving to net inflows for the first time in many years.

4

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

Snapshot Key Metrics
2.8 million retail, institutional and business clients $480 billion in owned, managed and administered assets 11,800 advisors 8,750 employees 3,600 U.S. advisor offices U.S. and International presence

Advice & Wealth Management

The leader in financial planning1 Third largest advisor force in the U.S.2 Largest mutual fund advisory program in assets3 Capabilities: financial planning, wealth management, brokerage, banking and trust

Asset Management

$287 billion in managed assets U.S./International balance Retail capabilities: mutual funds, separate accounts and Advice-Built t solutions Institutional capabilities: separate accounts, subadvisory and alternative investments

Annuities

$72 billion in annuity account values Ninth largest variable annuity provider 4 Capabilities: variable and fixed annuities

Protection

$187 billion in life insurance inforce Leading Variable Universal Life Insurance provider in sales5 Capabilities: life, health, and auto & home insurance

1. Based on the number of financial plans annually disclosed in Form ADV, Part 1A, Item 5, as of Dec. 31, 2006 and the number of CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM professionals documented by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. 2. Investment News --Top independent broker-dealers ranked by number of reps--Jan. 28, 2008 issue 3. Cerulli Associates, through third quarter 2007 4. Morningstar Annuity Research Center, through third quarter 2007 5. Tillinghast Towers Perrin ValueTM Survey, through third quarter 2007--No. 1 in number of policies sold and No. 4 in total premiums All data as of Dec. 31, 2007, except as noted.

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

5

To Our Shareholders (continued)

"While we are not immune to market weakness and volatility, our long-term client relationship focus and balance sheet strength helped us effectively weather these challenges."

In fact, Active Portfolios s investments has been one of our best new product launches, amassing approximately $2.9 billion in assets since it opened in February 2007. This rapid growth contributed to a strong year-over-year increase in our wrap account assets, which were up 23 percent from last year. Another important contributor to the turnaround in our asset management business has been solid investment performance. Three- and five-year track records at RiverSource continued to improve, and equity investment performance at Threadneedle reached an all-time best. Combined, these businesses create valuable geographic diversity, with RiverSource in the U.S. and Threadneedle internationally. We continued to invest in Threadneedle--including its acquisition of Convivo Capital Management in the second half of the year--and the business continued to deliver strong profitability. The annuity business produced solid results again in 2007, despite decreasing balances in fixed annuities due to low interest rates. We generated net inflows of $4.9 billion in variable annuities as clients continued to gravitate toward products that provide guaranteed lifelong income. Our protection businesses continued to grow, with life insurance inforce increasing 8 percent, to $187 billion. We are a leader in variable universal life insurance, and we broadened our protection offerings during the year. We introduced Succession Protector life insurance to further address
SM

clients' estate planning needs as well as new disability income insurance. The ability to capture these growth opportunities is in large part due to the talent of our people. Cross-organizational teams representing client service, technology, marketing, finance and other areas work together to provide exceptional support and to protect the company and its assets. Employees and advisors express very high levels of satisfaction with the company, which leads to a commitment to quality in an environment where engagement is high and corporate values are lived. We operate foremost with integrity, and with all our energies focused on delivering a consistently strong and positive Ameriprise Financial experience to our clients.

6

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

Our commitment to you
All of us at Ameriprise Financial understand that we work for our shareholders, and we are constantly mindful of the imperative to deliver shareholder value. We are disciplined in our growth and focused on returning capital to you. In 2007 alone, we bought back 15.9 million shares of our common stock for $948 million. Since we became an independent public company, we have returned more than 80 percent of our adjusted earnings to our shareholders. We also remain committed to prudent management of our resources, particularly in view of the difficult market conditions prevailing in early 2008. Our investments for growth remain robust, and we will continue to fund them through re-engineering and expense management while also working to contribute more of our expense savings directly to earnings. Our balance sheet is strong, and we will remain conservative as we continue to optimize the use of our excess capital. In short, we are managing Ameriprise Financial for long-term success.

Thank you
Together, we at Ameriprise Financial have accomplished more in two and a half years than many of us thought possible, and I am both proud of and deeply grateful for the efforts of our people. The collaborative work of our national and international organization, as well as our committed and talented board of directors, has affirmed our current position of strength. The company today is focused on growth, with the scale and capabilities, the energy and talent to realize our great potential. Thank you for your ongoing investment in our company. We will continue to do all we can to reward your trust. Sincerely Sincerely,

James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Ameriprise Financial 2007 Annual Report

7

