Pictured above (left to right) Craig T. Monaghan, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Mike Jackson, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Michael E. Maroone, President & Chief Operating Officer; Jonathan P. Ferrando, Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

A LETTER TO

Shareholders
To our Shareholders: 2004 was a notable year for AutoNation. Our financial performance was a testimony to the inherent strength of our organization and its ability to overcome short-term economic and other challenges. At the same time, we successfully introduced a series of initiatives that are already yielding significant results and which will make us an even more formidable company well down the road. In 2004, we reported earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.45, compared to $1.80 in 2003. Excluding certain charges and gains, AutoNation's full-year 2004 earnings per share from continuing operations increased 2% to $1.36 versus $1.33 for 2003.* Revenue totaled $19.4 billion, 4% higher than the prior year. Investors, analysts and associates will be pleased by the progress we made in areas that may be less quantifiable but are no less important. During the course of 2004, we implemented a number of noteworthy operational and structural changes that have not only strengthened us in the current marketplace but that we expect will enhance our position as America's leading automotive retailer for many years to come. Foremost among these was the realignment of our field management structure in September 2004. By consolidating our operations into five regions and streamlining our management structure, we expect to improve our operating performance and generate an estimated incremental cost savings of approximately $30 million per year. AutoNation Customer Pledge

*Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excludes certain items. See the inside back cover for a reconciliation to diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (the most comparable GAAP measure).

During the course of 2004, we implemented a number of noteworthy operational and structural changes that have not only strengthened us in the current marketplace but that we expect will enhance our position as America's leading automotive retailer for many years to come.
We also took a leading role among auto retailers in an effort to reduce new vehicle inventories. Prompted by the recent upward movement of interest rates from their historic lows, we recognized that immediate and direct action was necessary to counteract the corrosive effect that excessive inventory will have on fundamental aspects of our business. Unchecked, high inventories erode brand value, eat away at profits and, ultimately, destabilize the careful balance between supply and demand that drives our entire industry. Led by that conviction, our management team has taken bold action, reducing outstanding new vehicle inventory to 53 days' supply at the end of 2004, versus 71 at the end of 2003. This represents a reduction of approximately 17,000 units, or 18% of total new vehicle inventory. We challenged the industry in other ways, too. 2004 saw the launch of "The AutoNation Pledge," a written commitment on our part to ensure that customers receive industry-leading disclosure of key aspects of the financing process. It has been well-received by the industry -- including consumers, regulators and watchdog groups -- and it demonstrates in a concrete way the respect we have for our customers and for integrity in our business practices. We encourage all automotive retailers to follow suit and adopt similar commitments to fair and honest vehicle financing. This level of leadership is what sets AutoNation apart from traditional automotive retailers, and it is the reason why FORTUNE magazine reported that our peers have selected us as America's Most Admired Automotive Retailer for a fourth consecutive year. This puts us in a very select group of companies and we view this as an unequivocal validation of the inspired effort of our management staff and more than 27,000 full-time associates at our 279 stores from coast to coast. Of course, 2004 was not a perfect year. Industry sales declines in certain key brands which weighed on our overall performance, and the consequences of four hurricanes striking the Southeast, where we have a heavy concentration of dealerships, cannot be understated. But the fact that we overcame these challenges and finished the year in strong fashion is clear proof that our company is soundly structured and positioned for future success. We encourage you to review the detailed results contained in this report, and we look forward to your ongoing support as AutoNation continues to earn its position as America's leading automotive retailer. Sincerely, THE AUTONATION EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM

Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

Craig T. Monaghan Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Jonathan P. Ferrando Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

