A Letter to Shareholders
(left to right) Craig T. Monaghan Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

To Our Shareholders: 2002 was, by nearly every measure, a great year for AutoNation. Our operational and financial performance exceeded expectations and reinforced our position as America's leading, largest and most admired automotive retailer. In fact, for a sixth consecutive year, we sold more new and used vehicles than any other retailer in America, selling more than 674,000. This record of leadership and the important role that automotive retailers play in the U.S. economy were a large part of the reason why AutoNation was selected this year by Standard and Poor's, Inc. to become a member of the closely followed S&P 500 stock index. We believe this recognition confirms our position as our industry's leading automotive retailer. A Year Of Achievement In 2002, we distinguished ourselves with a number of significant accomplishments, including: · Record full-year earnings per share of $1.19. · Four consecutive quarters of record earnings per share. · New acquisitions representing approximately $500 million in annualized revenue. Our successes were achieved despite a 3 percent decrease in total revenue that was driven primarily by industry-wide challenges: a weakening economy and the softening of the U.S. light vehicle market. Nonetheless, through the combined efforts of more than 28,500 associates, we increased operating income and generated strong cash flow in 2002 by reducing costs and expanding margins.

America's best run and most profitable automotive retailer.

This outstanding performance is a powerful indication that the initiatives we have undertaken have strengthened us. Indeed, even as our revenue declined slightly, the cash flow generated by our operations still allowed us to repurchase approximately 10 percent of our outstanding shares at a cost of $390 million. At the same time, we had ample cash to invest in existing stores, new acquisitions and ongoing strategic initiatives. America's Most Honored Automotive Retailer
AutoNation operates 374 new vehicle franchises in 17 states, including John Elway Toyota in Denver, Co. and Team Ford of Marietta, Ga. (below).

In fact, it is this ability to deliver results in the face of challenges that has resulted in wide acclaim for AutoNation. Automotive News, the industry's leading trade publication, and PricewaterhouseCoopers recognized us for our sector-leading 2 percent improvement in share price in 2002, which beat the S&P 500 Index by 25 percentage points and followed a 106 percent improvement in the prior year. In addition, Fortune magazine recognized us as America's "Most Admired" company in the automotive specialty retailing and services category for a second consecutive year. The discipline and determination that have produced these results will continue to drive us forward in 2003. We will seek to redouble our efforts ­ reducing costs, emphasizing best practices and harnessing our strong cash flow ­ to maximize efficiency and build on our competitive advantages as the year progresses.

The Road Ahead This is not to say that the coming year does not present challenges with the onset of war and tough economic conditions. However, AutoNation clearly has demonstrated that it has the talent and the vision to rise above adverse market conditions, and we believe that the strategies we have in place will continue to successfully drive our company. We intend to capitalize on our unrivaled scale, our critical mass in key markets and our solid financial position to build on our status as the nation's foremost automotive retailer.

AutoNation Facts

Consumers' purchasing habits may vary because of a changing economy, but no matter what sorts of vehicles are in greatest demand, our unsurpassed selection will allow us to satisfy the needs of the market. And our application of best practices will continue to give our 374 franchised dealerships a competitive edge in the marketplace.

America's largest retailer of new vehicles $11.7 billion in 2002 America's largest retailer of used vehicles $3.8 billion in 2002 Best net income margin among public automotive retailers in 2002 First and only automotive retailer in the S&P 500 Index America's 93rd largest corporation in the 2002 Fortune 500

We encourage you to carefully review the information contained in this annual report. It offers a comprehensive review of our financial performance over the previous year, and it honors some of the noteworthy contributions of our associates. These are individuals who exemplify the culture of excellence that we have been cultivating and who have helped us to become America's best run and most profitable automotive retailer.

We are proud of what we have achieved over the past year and excited about what has yet to be attained. At AutoNation, we are Driven To Be The Best.

Sincerely,

Mike Jackson Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Maroone President & Chief Operating Officer

Craig T. Monaghan Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Fortune magazine's "Most Admired" automotive specialty retailer in 2002 for a second consecutive year

