AutoNation, Inc.
The OpportunityThe U.S. automotive industry, comprised of automotive retail (newand used vehicle retail, parts and service and vehicle finance) andautomotive rental, accounts for more than $1.3 trillion in annual revenue,making it one of the largest business categories in the nation.The category is highly fragmented, marked by excess costs, disgruntledconsumers and no strong national retail brand. As the vehicle retail andrental categories undergo dramatic change, competitors will strive forgreater operating efficiencies, higher consumer satisfaction and strongerbrand identity. AutoNation is a leader in driving these improvementsand is well-positioned to compete in this trillion dollar industry.The CompanyAutoNation, Inc. is the largest automotive retailer in the United Statesand one of the country’s leading providers of vehicle rental services.The Company owns over 380 franchised automotive dealerships in 20states, representing 39 manufacturer brands, and operates or franchises45 AutoNation USA used vehicle megastores in 13 states. It alsoowns AutoNation Financial Services, a captive finance company,and National Car Rental, Alamo Rent-A-Car and CarTemps USAvehicle rental companies.The MissionAutoNation’s mission is to be the leading retailer of automotiveproducts and services by providing superior service to customers,a compelling work environment for employees and a superior returnfor shareholders.We strive to build shareholder value by creatingcustomers for life.To achieve our mission, w e arefocused on:Creating Customers for LifeW e seek 100 percent customer satisfaction, everytime.W e intend to attract and retain customersforall their automotive needs by providing outstandingcustomer service and value.This commitment tothe customer will enhance our market share,revenueand earnings.Building BusinessesW e will expand our automotive retail and rentalbusinesses in growth markets, increasing marketshare and revenue.W e will do this by reorganizingfragmented operations under national brand namesand achieving economies of scale.Developing National BrandsW e are developing a powerful national brand inautomotive retail with AutoNation. W e are alsobuilding on the strong brand recognition of NationalCar Rental and Alamo Rent-A-Car.In all of ourautomotive businesses, we want our brands to standfor trust, innovation, value and service.We believestrong brand names are key drivers of increasedrevenue and earnings growth.Earnings GrowthOur goal is to generate significant sustainable annualearnings growth. W e will achieve this by gaininggreater market share, increasing same-store sales,reducing costs and making targeted acquisitions.Maximizing Shareholder ValueWe strive to maximize revenue and minimize costs.This commitment propels earnings growth, whichwe believe will drive long-term appreciation of ourshare price.

