  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS,
We made great progress on a number
of important initiatives during 2017
and exceeded our 2016 results despite making some hard choices to exit certain businesses and locations. While the Grain Group recovered nicely from a tough 2016, our other business groups faced significant market challenges this past year.
We reported 2017 GAAP net income attributable to the Company of $42.5 million dollars, or $1.50 per diluted share, and 2017 adjusted net income of $33.7 million dollars, or $1.19 per diluted share, which was almost triple our 2016 results. We made adjustments for goodwill impairment charges in the wholesale fertilizer division of our Plant Nutrient (PN) Group and impairment charges associated with our Tennessee grain assets. The adjustments also included a one-time income tax benefit of $74.2 million,
or $2.62 per diluted share, resulting from the recent U.S. federal income tax reform. Our 2017 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)
was $87.4 million. Our adjusted EBITDA was $157.4
million, or a 27 percent increase over 2016 results.
As the Grain Group expected, the two very good
harvests that followed poor Eastern U.S. production in 2015 paved the way for much stronger income from grain ownership. However, continued abundant world grain stocks kept prices low, and benign worldwide weather conditions presented relatively few opportunities to trade on price volatility. The group enrolled a record number
of bushels in its Freedom® risk management programs.
The group’s food ingredients and specialty grains (FISG) business expanded again with the May acquisition of Purity Foods, a Michigan specialty grains milling company.
The Ethanol Group’s 2017 highlight was the successful expansion of its Albion, Michigan, plant. The project was completed in the spring on time, under budget and with no recordable injuries. The plant’s capacity has more than doubled, leading to 16 percent higher full-year ethanol production for the group. The group’s pretax income was about 25 percent lower than its 2016 results. Comparatively lower margins beginning in the second quarter were driven by higher industry production and stocks, in spite of healthy driving demand and rising exports. Values for distillers dried grains were lower than in 2016 until late in the year due to lower international demand and discounts taken due to pervasive vomitoxin in the corn available to our three eastern plants.
The PN Group had a difficult year. Excluding the
goodwill impairment charges noted above and the
gain on the sale of the group’s Florida farm centers,
and considering the expenses we recorded in 2016 to consolidate the group’s cob operations, 2017 pretax income was about half that of 2016. Nutrient markets overall were characterized by oversupply that hurt PN’s base and specialty nutrient margins. Its farm centers were challenged by a wet, cool spring and low grain prices
that caused many farmers to buy nutrients sparingly
and just-in-time. Its cob business transitioned from two production facilities to one and was hampered by a large amount of high cost inventory. On the bright side, the lawn business continued to provide excellent results.
The Rail Group’s 2017 pretax income was also down compared to 2016. The group navigated a railcar market that was oversupplied in many railcar types throughout
the year. That oversupply put pressure on railcar utilization and lease rates, leading to leasing income that was about one-third lower than in 2016. Income from car sales was
flat year-over-year, and while railcar repair sales were up slightly, pretax income was lower on higher operating costs. The group grew and improved its railcar portfolio, buying almost 2,800 cars and reducing the overall age of the fleet.
 
As we shared with you last year, in early 2017 we decided to close our retail stores. We completed this process
in early June and sold three of our four retail store properties. The gains on those sales offset much of the closing costs, which we incurred largely to fairly treat more than 1,000 loyal employees who were displaced.
We also made progress on other fronts during the year. We significantly improved Company safety performance for the second consecutive year. We implemented a new purchasing system that will help us “spend smarter” for years to come. And we made more progress toward our goal of implementing at least $20 million of productivity efficiencies and cost savings by the end of 2018.
Late in the year, Pat announced two transitions in our senior leadership team. Jeff Blair succeeded Bill Wolf, who retired in December, as president of the Plant Nutrient Group. Joe McNeely became president of the Rail Group in late December, succeeding Rash Shah, who will retire in July after spending more than 20 years of his 40-year Company career leading the Rail Group.
Better things are ahead for us in 2018:
• In the Grain Group, we began the year with strong
grain ownership positions that should produce solid income throughout 2018. The group will concentrate
on increasing the bushels it buys, selling more risk management services, and expanding its FISG business.
• In early March, we announced that the Ethanol Group will partner with ICM, Inc. to build the most technologically advanced and environmentally friendly ethanol plant in the world. The Kansas plant will take a year to build and should be open next spring. In the meantime, we think business conditions for the group will be better than in 2017 and should improve as the year progresses.
• The Plant Nutrient Group began 2018 amid a continued supply/demand imbalance, but results should improve. In the meantime, the group is concentrating on growing its position as a premier manufacturer of value added specialty nutrients and lawn fertilizers and improving its sales approach. It will also continue to develop products that help farmers adopt sustainable practices that increase yield in an environmentally sensitive way.
• The Rail Group anticipates steady but modest improvement in the railcar market. It faces an unusually high number of costly tank car recertifications and
a change in accounting rules that together will likely lower group income by about 15 to 20 percent in
2018. The group is focused on profitably growing its railcar fleet and expanding its railcar repair network.
• We will continue to focus on safety...zero harm IS possible.
On a corporate level, our balance sheet remains very strong, giving us the capacity to make bolt-on and strategic acquisitions when and where they make sense. In January we increased our quarterly dividend by three percent to $0.165. The new tax
law should reduce our full-year effective
tax rate to between 23 and 25 percent.
We are enthused as we begin 2018 and have challenged ourselves and all of our ANDE associates to be “All In” this year. We look forward to sharing better news with you a year from now.
    Pat Bowe, President & CEO
Mike Anderson, Chairman
    