2

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES AND FRIENDS

Initiating New Growth is apparent in some of the steps our operating groups took in 2000. We acquired new business, added experienced talent to support the new business, and added capacity to other operations, all in an effort to improve customer service and extend our product lines where we can complement our core competencies. The economics and dynamics of our industries are consistently changing. We are adjusting, staying flexible, filling niches, and staying very close to our customers to make sure we are meeting their needs. If we listen, respond, create and deliver, they will appreciate the relationship. And, customer relationships are something we treasure. Before we get specific, let's look at the 2000 results. The Andersons achieved solid earnings growth in 2000, starting with an exceptionally strong first quarter in which earnings per share were the highest for the period since public trading of our shares began in 1996. Full year net income rose to $10.1 million ­ among the best performances in the company's history ­ on revenues of $970.3 million. In 1999, the company had revenues of $1.01 billion and net income of $8.4 million. Earnings per diluted share in 2000 were $1.34, a gain of $0.31, or 30%, compared with $1.03 in 1999. Of the increase in earnings per share, $0.19 resulted from an insurance recovery related to one of our fertilizer facilities, which experienced significant damage during 1999. The Agriculture Group was the performance leader, driven by high demand for grain storage. Wholesale Fertilizer recovered from a decline in 1999, and although the Farm Centers reported a small loss in 2000, the division's operating performance improved significantly from the previous year. A decline in lease rates and general softness in railcar values negatively affected the Rail Group. However, we believe the railcar markets are nearing a low point and will begin to recover in 2001 or 2002. The group continues to be profitable and is an important contributor to the company's bottom line. The Processing Group's revenue grew 26% in 2000. However, its operating performance suffered in part due to the acquisition-related expenses of The Scotts Company's U.S. ProTurf® business, unfavorable weather patterns during the key spring selling season, and startup costs linked to increased production capacity added during the year. The Retail Group had its third consecutive year of increased operating income. While total sales were relatively flat, the group's operating income rose 23%. Last year's performance of all business units will be discussed in greater depth in the business review pages of this report.
DICK ANDERSON

For our future, we are Initiating New Growth. How are we viewing our markets, where are we investing, and how will it add to shareholder value? We are truly excited about the resurgence in the Agriculture Group in 2000 and believe opportunities will develop in 2001. Additionally, we continue to target significant investment in the Processing and Rail Groups because we believe that these businesses offer excellent opportunities for long-term growth. Research indicates that the U.S. lawn and garden industry is growing faster than the general economy. The huge baby boomer population is approaching retirement, freeing more time and resources to enjoy leisure activities, from playing golf at any one of America's growing number of golf courses to increasing the value of their homes by improving their landscaping or home gardens. The Processing Group's professional and do-it-yourself lawn fertilizer products are positioned to serve these growing markets. We demonstrated our commitment to be a major player in the professional market at mid-year, when The Andersons completed the purchase of the U.S. professional turf business of The Scotts Company. This acquisition is an important step toward achieving our strategic goal of becoming the leader in the marketing, manufacturing, logistics, and distribution of premium golf course and other professional turf products in the United States. The U.S. ProTurf® acquisition took place after the peak sales season for turf-care products. In 2001, we will benefit from a full year of operations from this newly acquired professional turf business. We continued to add lawn fertilizer manufacturing capacity at various locations. We suffered from startup costs in 2000, but we believe the majority of the hurdles associated with these investments are behind us. Our strategy is to move from a regional to national supplier, improving our distribution network to ensure just-in-time delivery to customers. In 2001, we will begin to realize operational and logistical benefits of our 2000 investments. We are supplying some of the nation's largest retailers with private label and branded products used by homeowners and businesses every day. Our mission is to supply more of them, just in time, with the right product and at a fair price. , a proprietary lightweight, A new product with significant potential is DG-LiteTM limestone-based chemical carrier that has unique properties that are more efficient than those of other carriers. The new product extends and complements our corncob-based carrier/pet bedding product lines. Last year, The Andersons signed a 10-year product development, marketing, , and supply agreement with a major limestone producer covering DG-LiteTM which was jointly developed and patented by the two companies.

MIKE ANDERSON

In the Rail Group, we expect a gradually improving business environment. Though currently experiencing a downturn, this business was profitable in 2000 and is clearly a unit we intend to continue to grow. New car building is expected to be down in 2001, as is demand for all types of railcars. With lease rates at relatively low levels, we are focusing on making short-term lease deals rather than selling cars or entering into long-term leases. At the same time, we are building our fleet while car values are reduced in preparation for future opportunities when the car supply-demand equation improves. We believe this will happen in the next 12 to 18 months. We made a significant investment in railcars in 2000, as evidenced by the increase in railcars held for lease or sale at year end. Our railcar fleet now exceeds 4,800 units, an increase of 12% compared with 1999. Demand for railcars also should increase as higher fuel costs force more traffic off highways and onto rails. In addition, demand should increase as railcar retirements accelerate and Class 1 rail lines divest of railcar assets, allowing private fleet operators the opportunity to provide this valuable service. The Group opened its first office outside Ohio in 2000. The new operation in Houston is focusing on building business with plastics and chemical shippers. We also see opportunity in a unique cargo-restraint system that was developed by the Rail Group and approved last year by the Association of American Railroads. The easy-adjust system adapts to all load configurations and provides added protection to the cargo. Marketing of the system, called The Andersons LRD Swing-AwayTM bulkhead system, began late in 2000. Our largest investment is in the Agriculture Group, which uses 43% of our total permanent assets. The Grain Division started 2001 with 65 million bushels in storage, just below the record 68 million bushels of a year earlier. This huge grain inventory position will generate strong storage income during the first two quarters of 2001. With good harvests last fall and continued low commodity prices, demand for our extensive storage space was high. The division benefited greatly by adding a total of 2.9 million bushels of temporary covered or uncovered storage space at four locations ­ excellent timing. We believe that e-commerce offers promise for this business, and we made significant progress last year in utilizing technology to better communicate with and support customers, both directly with individual farmers and business-tobusiness. We invested in Rooster.comSM, an Internet-based agricultural marketplace, and entered into several licensing agreements for our Crop Revenue ProfilerTM software, which helps farmers make complex decisions about crop marketing and crop production insurance products. The fees generated by these agreements will have a positive impact on our earnings in 2001 and beyond. The Wholesale Fertilizer Division, our marketing, distribution, and formulator of basic nutrient inputs, will continue to improve operating efficiency and invest in the development of value-added products. In addition, the Wholesale Fertilizer and Grain Divisions will collaborate to improve the performance and product offering of our 12 farm centers now that the farm centers report directly to the two divisions. This realignment brings the power of the entire Agriculture Group's resources closer to our important customer base.

In 2000, the Agriculture Group achieved record income from operations. This was in the face of a continuing downward-trending farm economy and low commodity prices. The Freedom to Farm Act has moved the crop growing decisions directly to the farmer where he/she can elect to do what is most profitable. In many ways this has had a positive impact in terms of encouraging maximum utilization of the world's most productive soil ­ which happens to be in the U.S. It contributes to a broader agriculture economy and to food security, and utilizes the efficient U.S. transportation and grain-handling infrastructure. We continue to believe population growth, demand for improved diets, and higher standards of living will benefit those invested in the U.S. agriculture system, including The Andersons. The Retail Group continues to focus on MORE FOR YOUR HOMETM as its primary product and customer service offering. Economic conditions have been favorable for our specialty foods, general merchandise, and home repair and remodeling segments. Sales were relatively flat in 2000, but by avoiding the price-slashing practices of many retailers, our average gross margins remained firm. With lower overall operating costs in 2000, the group's operating income was up significantly for the year. We continue to fine-tune our product mix and have been successful with additions such as high-end, educational toys and upscale domestics. We believe we have significant opportunity to improve our performance with enhancements in merchandising that use our square footage more efficiently and with expansion into new product categories that will boost sales. We have been spending a significant amount of time developing business strategies for the future. Early in 2000 we sold our interest in The Andersons Tireman Auto Centers to our venture partner. The sale allows us to concentrate on businesses and industries that take advantage of our core competencies. Tireman was a nice, profitable business for The Andersons; however, our venture partner was prepared to grow the business. This will help us to focus on fewer industries and build on those that offer us growth. Our cash flow from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities was strong in 2000, 17% better than in 1999. We used a significant amount of cash to improve our facilities, add capacity, and build for the future. Total assets grew by 15%, a good portion of which is additional grain inventory. As we noted earlier, in a commodity business, huge inventories are typically a blessing. We expect a healthy improvement in net income in 2001, after adjusting for the one-time gains reported in 2000. We will continue to repurchase shares in 2001 because we believe it's an excellent use for excess cash, especially when our shares are selling at a significant discount from book value. In Initiating New Growth, we will rely heavily on the talents of more than 3,000 loyal employees. Their creativity and dedication to provide extraordinary products and service to our customers are keys to our success. Sincerely,

3

Mike Anderson, CEO

Dick Anderson, Chairman

