dear shareholders and friends:

MIKE ANDERSON

Chairman, President and CEO

2

enduring

And evolving

The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2009

The economic turbulence of the past 15 months gives added meaning to the phrase "enduring and evolving," words we've used the past few years to describe our

Our ability to adapt to the challenging times of 2009 helped us provide our shareholders with improved earnings. The Company achieved $3.0 billion in revenue, $2.08 in diluted earnings per share and $38.4 million in earned net income in 2009. Our grain operations achieved record income for the year,

Company. We have been around for more than 60 years, and plan on being around a lot longer. We are rooted in our principles, which include an unwavering commitment to service. While we remain steadfast to our values, our entrepreneurial spirit compels us to evolve. We are continually growing and adjusting to changes in our core industries.

primarily due to increased storage income, higher volume, and additional services income. While still more unpredictable than historical norms, grain prices appear to have settled into a new range of value, and volatility has lessened slightly. The global nature of crop supply and demand will continue to drive higher volatility than historically, but we believe our strategy of integrated, objective risk management was key for us to endure the past year. As the ethanol industry evolves we believe the potential for volatility will remain. That said, the industry experienced a period of good margins in the second half of 2009. For now, corn and natural gas prices have leveled off, and ethanol prices and demand have stabilized. We continue to view our position in this industry as strong.

3

Additionally, Lansing Trade Group, LLC (LTG), in which the Company holds a significant investment, benefited from a big harvest and had a good fourth quarter, rebounding from a slow start in the first half of 2009. We also saw some moderation of the extreme price volatility of plant nutrients. The Plant Nutrient Group did not begin its normal process of building inventory until it was reasonably certain market lows were achieved. Additionally, the impact of wide shifts in prices on our 2008 earnings served as a catalyst for us to significantly improve our price risk management in this area. The Turf & Specialty Group also set an income record, up about $2.4 million from the previous year. The 2009 results are mainly attributable to the Group's lawn volume increasing by almost 20 percent. Our professional turf and cob products are now sold in nearly 30 countries, confirming there is a solid appetite for our products domestically and globally.

With operations in Wisconsin and Minnesota, the Plant Nutrient Group's geographic reach was extended west of its traditional Eastern Corn Belt footprint. We are pleased with the successful integrations of our Southern Region, which sells retail and wholesale agricultural inputs, and Mineral Processing, which sells pelletized lime, operations both acquired in 2008. The economic conditions of the past couple of years have shown the benefit of having our diverse mix of businesses. While each of our operations has specific markets and customers, reaping the benefits of working as one Company has been an overriding theme for us this year. We know that working together enhances our ability to grow and sustain each of our business units and the Company as a whole. "OneAnde" has been and will continue to be our mantra. We are committed to the advancement of all our corporate objectives, including enhancing safety, customer service and continuous improvement. We have an enduring commitment to safety at our Company.

In 2009, the economy took its toll on our Rail and Retail groups. Overall transportation in the U.S. was down and rail transportation specifically was significantly affected. These trends are evident in the Rail Group's results for 2009. Our Retail Group, which normally experiences strong competitive challenges, was further impacted by the weak consumer demand in 2009. Sales during the holiday season were down due in part to lower consumer demand in our stores and the closure of our Lima store.

At the start of 2009, we began our Safety Improvement Initiative, a two-year effort to further develop the safety behaviors of everyone on The Andersons team. The initiative is gaining momentum and we are already seeing a shift in how we each view our safety responsibilities, for ourselves and for one another. There is nothing more important to our Company, and to me personally, than each employee returning home in the same condition in which he or she arrived for work. Our focus on customer service drives our Company. We are

While enduring the challenges of the past year, our Company evolved through growth. We added more than five million bushels of grain capacity through merchandising agreements with two elevators in southern Michigan and increased capacity at two other existing facilities. Total capacity now exceeds 101 million bushels. According to the Grain & Milling Annual, The Andersons ranks eighth in the U.S. grain industry in terms of capacity; our previous ranking was tenth. We acquired the Fertilizer Division of Hartung Brothers, Inc., increasing our fertilizer tonnage capacity by nearly 20 percent.

proud of our tradition of service, but as we all know, there is always room for improvement. As our service evolves, we will make sure we are providing relevant, value-oriented products and services. Our goal is to be the "partner of choice" in all the markets we serve, requiring us to place even further emphasis on our customers in all that we do. Enhancing our safety and customer service are just two elements of our ongoing continuous improvement efforts. We are advancing the efforts of cross-functional teams to identify, define, implement and sustain improvements in our processes and systems throughout the organization.

4

enduring

And evolving

The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2009

Strengthening our Company from the inside enables us to be stronger for our customers, suppliers, investors, financial institutions and the communities in which we operate. We see great benefits on the horizon from our long-term strategies. We were able to make gains toward our objectives of growth and sustainability this past year and will continue the pursuit in 2010 and beyond. Overall, we believe that our mix of grain and ethanol assets and services, along with our focus on customer relationships and safe, efficient operations is a complete package of customer and product value that we bring to our marketplaces. We will continue to increase capacity in our grain operations. In addition, we will focus on increasing contracts to supply grain and services to a variety of processing, food and feed companies. By expanding our marketing tools and risk management services we will enhance our service offerings to our farm customers. We will continue to improve the efficiencies of our ethanol operations to enhance product quality, increase output, reduce operating costs and introduce value-enhanced products.

While the current transportation environment is challenging, we are committed to our rail business long-term. We recognize that while the major railroads are predicting increased traffic this year, it remains difficult to project when railcar utilization for us will improve. In the meantime, we will be prudent in our growth, pursuing opportunities that build upon our strengths. In the first quarter of 2010 we've opened two railcar repair shops in Henderson, Nev., and Woodland, Calif. A focus on acquisition opportunities will play an important role in achieving long-term growth objectives for plant nutrient operations. We will also achieve organic market share growth in the agricultural crop nutrient business by continuing to add to our product, service and location offering. In addition we believe growth is sustainable in our non-agricultural product lines primarily through addition of new customers and expanded geographic footprint. A continued emphasis on proprietary products in the lawn business is continuing to show positive results, even though there has been some softness in the professional turf industry. We will continue to develop these products, with the assistance

5

of the $5 million Third Frontier Grant awarded by the State of Ohio in 2008. Additionally, we are gaining market share for our cob products in the laboratory market, an industry which has seen recent declines. The retail segment will continue to be challenged in the foreseeable future. Product enhancements that are relevant to our customers are being planned to help improve the Group's financial contribution. Primary emphasis will be on improving sales performance. Before I close, I want to take a moment to again thank Dick Anderson for his life-long, irreplaceable leadership to this Company. Dick retired from the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in May. Dick continues to provide wisdom and counsel in his new role as Chairman Emeritus, a non-voting position on the Board. Later in the year, we were pleased to have John T. Stout, Jr., join our Board. John is the Chief Executive Officer of Plaza Belmont Management Group LLC, a private equity firm specializing in the acquisition of food manufacturing companies, a position he has held since founding the Company in 1998. John's extensive career in the financial market, specifically as it relates to the food industry, provides a nice dimension to our Board. Finally, I must express my profound thanks to Chuck Sullivan, who has reached the Company's mandatory director retirement age and will not be running for re-election to the Board. Chuck served most recently as the lead independent director on the Board, providing leadership to the independent directors, and serving as an invaluable counterweight to me in my role as Chairman.

We all know that experts have been talking about the speed of change for years. But, I doubt few of them would have predicted the recent volume of change compressed into such a short amount of time. It is times like these, however, that serve as great opportunities. Some of the greatest discoveries, inventions and human achievements have come during times of great difficulty. I am excited about the opportunities before us. I have confidence in our team and its ability to learn and discover. I have faith in our determination to rise and meet any challenge. And while doing so, I know we will remain true to our values and employ our entrepreneurial skills to ensure that our Company both endures and evolves to become even greater.

With sincere thanks for your ongoing support,

Mike Anderson Chairman, President and CEO

6

