TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS

DICK ANDERSON

MIKE ANDERSON

What an incredible year. We can list many factors contributing to the record-breaking results of 2005; however, there was no greater contribution than the efforts by our employees to expand upon the opportunities presented to them at every turn. During the year the members of our organization laid the groundwork for future growth by applying their many abilities, focusing on our customers, widening the scope of our business and seizing the moment. Our expanding opportunities paid off well in the form of share value, net income and record revenues. We earned $3.39 per diluted share compared to $2.55 in 2004, a 33 percent increase. We recorded net income of $26.1 million compared to $19.1 million in 2004, and we generated revenue of $1.3 billion. Our shareholders reaped the benefit of our efforts receiving an outstanding total return of 71 percent. This marks the fourth consecutive year we've provided very good total returns: 62 percent in 2004, 28 percent in 2003 and 30 percent in 2002. This is the ninth consecutive year we've paid dividends. We secured significant long-term debt funding in the fourth quarter, helping to support our growth initiatives for 2006 as well as strengthening our balance sheet. OUR EXPANDING EFFORTS For the second consecutive year, our Rail Group achieved outstanding results. Full-year income of $22.8 million and revenues of $92 million significantly exceeded 2004 results. While we profited from the sale of a few railcars, our railcar fleet grew by 32 percent through targeted acquisitions. Demand for rail transportation equipment is on the rise primarily because of increasing demands for commodities coupled with a shortage of railcars. As a result, the number of cars we have under lease, which determines our

utilization, is higher and lease rates have improved significantly. With nearly 20,000 rail cars and 96 locomotives under ownership and/or management, our growing fleet helps us meet a variety of customer needs. The Group's fabrication business, in addition to keeping up with the increased demand in rail component orders, successfully acquired and integrated two product lines - Hydroflow® Filtration Systems and Systems Equipment Division (SED) - that added filtration systems to our product mix. During the first half of the year, the Group added a repair facility in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. The facility, along with a small portion of our railcar inventory, sustained damage during Hurricane Katrina. Although briefly interrupted, this location continues to operate, and the workforce there has tripled to meet the demand for repairs to railcars damaged by the hurricane. The Agriculture Group's operating income increased by $1.7 million to $23 million on revenues of $899 million during 2005. This outstanding performance was due in part to the significant increase in volume and income from our Agriculture Group's Grain Division during the fourth quarter. This resulted from an outstanding harvest in spite of challenging weather during the 2005 growing season. We also pursued three significant investments in ethanol facilities, two of which should be in production during 2006. We are well positioned to offer strategic services to this industry, which we will elaborate on subsequently in this letter. Lansing Grain Company, LLC, in which we are the largest individual investor, operates primarily in the western grain markets and had an exceptional year with record earnings and revenues.

2

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2005

at the Maumee, Ohio, cob facility and consolidated in Delphi, Indiana, for efficiency improvement. During 2005, the company incurred a non-recurring charge of $1.2 million as a result of the restructuring. During 2005 we continued to focus on compliance with the SEC's regulations resulting from the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related Section 404 requirements. Hiring people with integrity, maintaining a culture of accountability and fostering the spirit of transparency are important components of this initiative. We continued "fine tuning" our financial control processes to ensure the effectiveness of all of our controls during the year. We have taken the necessary measures to remedy the material weakness we disclosed in the third quarter and have obtained a clean opinion from our independent auditors as reported in the Form 10-K. The cost of implementation eased in 2005 and necessary processes have been integrated into daily operations. By the beginning of this year, we were fully operational under our state-of-the-art Human Resource Management System. We have already begun to reap the benefits of this automated system that has streamlined the human resource, payroll and time management functions. Future strategic functionality will help provide additional long-term efficiencies. Natural disasters topped the national headlines during 2005, and The Andersons and our employees responded in traditional fashion. Donations were sent to the victims of the tsunami in Southeast Asia via three national organizations, which were selected by our employees. Later in the year, Rail Group employees raised funds to provide immediate relief to fellow employees in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, who lost their homes as a result of hurricane Katrina's impact on the Mississippi coast. We also donated monies to assist employees of a major customer and a primary railway serving the area. Also, indicative of the type of people who work at The Andersons, there were employees who chose to forego previous plans and use their vacation to assist in the relief efforts. At The Andersons, we believe in generously sharing our time, talents and financial resources to support and strengthen our communities, as well as contributing a reasonable portion of our profits to charitable causes. From the 2005 earnings, the company donated approximately $1 million toward the greater good. OUR FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES A new name and a new direction define most of 2005 for the Turf & Specialty Group, formerly known as the Processing Group. Our primary focus was to align our structure and cost more closely with our volume and change our emphasis to premium, proprietary products rather than our previous emphasis on commodities. In addition, the Group underwent a restructuring and reorganization. Benefits have been realized through improved working capital management, reduced expenses and inventories and improved overall asset utilization. As a part of this transition, operations were suspended As we proceed through 2006, we will expand on the opportunities we enjoy because of our diverse organization and the exceptional value we offer to our customers. In 2006, we want to take differentiation and value to a new level. We know our customers' needs evolve, and we pride ourselves on being flexible and quick to respond with innovative solutions.

The Agriculture Group's Plant Nutrient Division (PND) achieved record earnings during 2005 in spite of a slight reduction in volume from 2004. Revenues were up as a result of materially escalating prices for major crop nutrients. Higher energy costs and growing worldwide demand for the major crop nutrients were the driving forces behind the increased prices which had already risen between 2003 and 2004. Capital improvements included nearly doubling the storage space and adding a high-speed blender at the Champaign, Illinois, facility. In addition, PND launched a long-term process improvement program to enhance the value we provide to our customers and optimize our operating efficiencies. Sales and gross margins for the Retail Group were up during the year in spite of a slight reduction in customer counts. The strongest performing sales categories were in food products ­ especially wine and produce. Expansion of the flooring and lighting categories produced solid sales increases as well. The weather provided sales opportunities for the lawn and garden centers during the excellent growing season and for home insulation and energy products in the fall as homeowners anticipated higher natural gas prices.

3

As the year progresses, the Rail Group will continue to look for growth in selective opportunities to acquire additional cars from various sources and liquidate pieces of its portfolio as we strive to enhance our asset allocation. We will engage our entrepreneurial and innovative methods of purchasing and refurbishing railcars that best meet our customers' needs. This successful strategy provides us with the leverage to be a total rail solution provider to our customers. We are exploring the possibilities of adding a state-of-the-art blast and paint shop as well as a railcar wash facility in Maumee, Ohio, and possibly building a similar blast/paint facility on the premises

We have sufficient assets capable of supplying our traditional grain markets as well as meeting the increased demands brought about by the ethanol industry. We will continue to study additional investments in this growing industry. We expect demand for grain to strengthen in 2006 because of worldwide population and GDP growth, higher demand for protein products and the increased consumption of grain for energy-related products. The rate at which the ethanol industry is growing will change the dynamics of the grain markets, which we are monitoring closely. We are looking beyond our current market territory to

of the existing shop in Darlington, South Carolina, in addition to selectively increasing the use of our successful mobile railcar repair units in certain markets. We will continue to increase the market share of our existing rail components line and simultaneously work on product development for new ones. We also anticipate developing our fluid filtration systems offerings internationally though licensing arrangements. Our investment in ethanol production is a natural extension of our agriculture business since the majority of the cost of ethanol is corn. During 2006, the Agriculture Group's Grain Division will be providing services to the ethanol industry through plant management, corn origination, and the marketing of distiller dried grain and ethanol marketing. Additionally, our core competencies in risk management can be extended to help optimize the return on ethanol investments. Construction of ethanol plants in Albion, Michigan, scheduled to open during the third quarter, and Clymers, Indiana, which should be operational in the first quarter of 2007, will be a key accomplishment this year. We are the largest equity investor in The Andersons Albion Ethanol LLC and The Andersons Clymers Ethanol LLC. With these ethanol plants strategically located near our existing grain facilities, we are well positioned to serve this industry. We are also pleased with the development of the ethanol facility in Rensselaer, Indiana, in which we are a minority equity investor and for which we will provide grain origination services.

extend our superior services to new customers. Our investment in Lansing Grain Company LLC (LGC) has been very complementary for both companies. We are always seeking ways to enhance our strong LGC working relationship with the objective of improved customer service throughout the grain and ethanol industries. In January 2006, we exercised our option to increase our ownership share in Lansing Grain to be the largest investor. One of our two ship-loading grain elevators at the Port of Toledo was significantly damaged by an explosion and fire in July 2005, and we have been determined to meet our service commitments to our customers in spite of the situation. The facility is being restored to its former operational capability along with safety, efficiency and service enhancements and should return to full operations by fall harvest. Thankfully no one was injured during the incident; however, it was a significant interruption in 2005 and will impact our insurance costs for 2006. With nutrient demand in the U.S. market being quite mature, the Agriculture Group's Plant Nutrient Division is focusing on continued, sustainable organic growth. We also are watching for acquisition opportunities as well as selling reagents for air pollution control technologies used in coal-fired power plants and marketing the resulting byproducts that can be used as plant nutrients. Differentiation and value-added services and products are vital to enhanced growth. We will continue to invest in higher value, specially formulated product lines in both our traditional agricultural

4

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2005

and industrial markets. During the past five years, we have grown our gross profit through a concerted effort to increase the mix of value-added, formulated products and through improved efficiencies. We will continue to invest in our human resources as they will be the key to our long-term growth and stability. In addition, we will continue to pursue off-shore sourcing of plant nutrients ­ primarily nitrogen products ­ to reduce our dependence on North American natural gas which is a significant feedstock in producing nitrogen products.

opportunities are abundant for the high-quality, corncob-based Bed-o'cobs® product and we intend to expand this brand. The patented, dispersible particle technology DG Lite® is an unmatched carrier for the pesticide industry. To further enhance performance, a "made to order" approach to building inventory has been adopted to reduce working capital, and the supply chain will continue to be resized as appropriate to support the Group's new direction. While we are optimistic about our prospects for 2006, some of the challenges we face include rising fuel, steel and insurance costs. Additionally, we operate in a number of commodity intensive industries which can cause earnings volatility from time to time. It's one of the dynamics of dealing in commodities. Performance and efficiency improvement throughout the organization is on our agenda for 2006. As we grow our business, we know the demand on our human resources will increase proportionately. Employee training will be critical so that we can manage our growth efficiently and effectively. We were fortunate to have enjoyed an outstanding 2005, and we have high expectations for the coming year. We know we will be successful as our employees continue to seize the possibilities presented to them and seek new ways to provide excellent service to our customers. With our roots firmly planted in the values of our company ­ honesty, integrity and mutual respect ­ we will grow through our expanding opportunities.

SINCERELY,
The Retail Group will continue to deliver on its brand promise of providing MORE FOR YOUR HOME.TM Continued emphasis on delivering improved services in project selling areas like kitchen and bath, window coverings and flooring will get significant attention.
Mike Anderson, CEO & President Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

The Group will continue to capitalize on our already successful specialty food category. Coffee and pastry bars recently were added to the Maumee and Toledo stores and plans are underway to expand the selection of organic and healthy food products. A series of process improvement initiatives will be undertaken to increase efficiency in front-end operations, stocking and inventory turnover. Keying in on its market differentiation of providing Quality, Service and Technology (QST), the Turf & Specialty Group's focus is on premium, proprietary products for 2006. Andersons Golf Products has launched a record number of new or enhanced highperformance products with two major objectives in mind for our customers. First, provide products which require less labor to achieve the desired results. Second, provide products that result in healthy, beautiful grass throughout the golf course. Utilizing the popularity of the web, these products are highlighted on the recently redesigned web site www.AndersonsGolfProducts.com. The Group's strategy also includes leveraging patented cat litter technology with national brand labels distributed among big box, food store and pet supply retailers. Enhancing differentiation among The Andersons branded products will be pursued as well. Growth

5

