The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2003

2003: A YEAR OF SHARPENING OUR FOCUS

DICK ANDERSON MIKE ANDERSON

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS

Our strategy to build on core competencies and grow the business using proven skills and expertise is beginning to pay off. Last year, we stepped up our acquisition efforts and by year end, had made significant progress on acquisitions in the Agriculture and Rail Groups. These acquisitions were successfully completed in the first quarter of 2004. All four business Groups recorded a profitable year in 2003. The Andersons' employees made good progress in their goal to exceed customer expectations, while at the same time keeping an eye on expenses and invested assets. We are truly "SHARPENING OUR FOCUS" for the future. In 2003, The Andersons reported net income of $11.7 million on total revenues of $1.2 billion. Earnings per diluted share were $1.59 compared to $1.92 in 2002. Net income in 2002 was $14.2 million on revenues of $1.1 billion. Our shareholders have enjoyed excellent total returns over the past three years: 28% in 2003, 30% in 2002 and 19% in 2001. Tight control over capital spending and better-than-predicted earnings in 2003 strengthened our balance sheet. Overall leverage improved and net working capital increased by 9-1/2%. The long-term funded debt-to-equity ratio ended at 0.7 to 1, better than our targeted ratio

2003 HIGHLIGHTS
Operating performance for the Agriculture Group fell slightly behind its 2002 finish primarily due to lower storage income for the first three quarters of 2003. The Grain division's elevators handled near record levels of grain in the fourth quarter as the 2003 U.S. corn harvest climbed to a new record high this year. As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter 2003 was double that of last year's final quarter. The Plant Nutrient division posted record performance numbers for the third consecutive year. Growth in industrial and specialty agricultural products, along with volume and margin improvements in traditional nutrient product categories and enhanced operational efficiencies, contributed to the positive full-year results. The Rail Group bettered its 2002 earnings by 160%. Sales and lease rates increased due to a rising demand for railcars. The railcar repair and fabrication shops also continue to contribute to the group's operating income with brisk orders for specialty railcar components. The demand, along with improved economic conditions, had a positive impact on labor efficiency. The Processing Group improved its 2002 performance by $2.3 million to become profitable in 2003. The turn around was fueled by gains in turf-care product volumes for both the professional and consumer/ industrial markets, as well as sales growth in the group's cob-based products business.

2

of 0.8 to 1.

Very brisk retail sales during the key final week of the Christmas season helped the Retail Group finish the year only slightly behind its 2002 performance. Sales were impacted by a sluggish regional economy and significant competition in the Toledo marketplace. Overall, the group improved its margins and maintained relatively unchanged operating expenses. On the Corporate side, operating, general and administrative costs increased by only 1.5% in spite of higher pension and utility costs, and the professional costs related to acquisition efforts. In addition, interest expenses declined 18% as a result of lower rates and a stronger balance sheet. Tax rates, on the other hand, increased due to higher state and local income taxes. For more specifics on last year's performance, see the individual business review pages in this report.

which will affect our storage income. These same factors, however, may stimulate U.S. corn production in 2004 which could have positive implications for both our plant nutrient business and our grain elevators. By diversifying into other businesses, we reduce some of the volatility in the agricultural industry. It's been our experience over the past 56 years that the industry ups and downs tend to balance out over time.

2004 BUSINESS UNIT GOALS
The Agriculture Group, which includes the Grain division and Plant Nutrient division (PND), forms our largest investment and the base on which most of our other businesses were created. Increased domestic and international demand for all

ALL FOUR BUSINESS GROUPS RECORDED A PROFITABLE YEAR IN 2003

grain products is expected to stimulate crop production for 2004. This will not necessarily increase the grain storage income usually associated with increased crop production as grain inventories are likely to be shipped earlier than usual to meet demand. On the positive side, increased U.S. crop production for 2004 should create the opportunity to handle more volume in the coming year. This growth brings with it opportunities for operational and administrative

2004 COMPANY OUTLOOK
The Andersons' people are committed to delivering quality, integrity, honesty and fairness in our products, services and reporting, as well as creating value for our customers, shareholders, communities and employees. We believe our employees have a passion to provide the extraordinary service our customers have come to expect from The Andersons. As our founder, Harold Anderson, often said, "If it's going to be, it's up to me." We are positioned for a good year in 2004 as we continue to grow our business by building on our core competencies; storing, maintaining, formulating, transporting and physical handling of bulk materials, and creating financial and risk management tools to help our customers' bottom lines. Our experience has provided us with the opportunity to leverage these competencies into added-value products and services that provide solutions for our customers. We will: · Provide extraordinary customer service to all we serve · Pursue growth opportunities beyond our grain marketing region · Diversify our core plant nutrient product line and customer base · Build on our position as the Total Rail SolutionsSM provider · Offer retail shoppers MORE FOR YOUR HOME
®

efficiencies as we manage more bushels and more facilities. Five years of profitable growth is allowing us to reinvest in capital, technology and operations improvements for our facilities. The higher production, increased market volatility, and volumes we expect for 2004 will also create a higher demand for the grain origination products and services we offer. Software programs such as The Crop Revenue Profiler® help producers achieve a more predictable result while minimizing price volatility. The progressive grain marketing tools we have developed, such as FreedomSM contracts, continue to assist producers in pricing decisions. In addition, we have developed web-based customer contracts, statements and other information to help customers track and manage their contract positions. In 2003, the Grain division became a minority investor in Lansing Grain Company LLC, a grain trading business with offices in Michigan, Minnesota, and Kansas. This investment will help The Andersons extend the geographic reach for its agri-business services and merchandising. Early in 2004, the Company completed the purchase of selected assets of the Farmers Elevator Company of Oakville, Inc.

· Provide product and supply chain solutions to turf customers We have always stated our performance will reflect the cyclical and seasonal nature of our industries, and that has not changed. In the coming year for example, higher international demand for grain is expected to drive U.S. carryover corn stocks to a seven-year low,

The purchase added 3.5 million additional bushels of grain storage capacity and expanded our grain trading area within central Indiana. These acquisitions, added to the Grain division's existing capabilities, position the division for growth in the coming year.

3

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2003

The Plant Nutrient Division focuses on the continued growth of sales, warehousing, and manufacturing by providing extraordinary services and talent tailored to fit each segment of our customer base. Cash provided by good grain production in 2003, higher grain prices, and acreage distribution are positive signs for PND in 2004. Strong cash flow at the producer level will provide the liquidity for producers to buy the necessary inputs for the 2004 planting season. The division continues to add capacity and re-capitalize existing assets to provide customers with superior service and a complete line of nutrient inputs. PND also invests financial and human resources in the development and distribution of products and services for the specialty agriculture and industrial markets. These products and services include specialty nutrients for in-furrow and foliar applications, liquid roadway and runway anti-icers, wastewater treatment products, nitrogen reagents for air pollution control, and specialty packaging. In addition, PND has a strategic alliance with Powerspan Corp., a clean-energy technology company engaged in the development of multi-pollutant control processes for the coal-fired electric power industry. Powerspan is completing construction of its first commercial demonstration unit. Through our alliance agreement, PND is in an excellent position to provide various services to the electric power industry including marketing of co-products and the supply of nitrogen reagents. The Rail Group improved its performance by a wide margin in 2003 due to brisk demand for railcars, particularly in the fourth quarter when record grain production put available cars at a premium. With the current demand for cars continuing into 2004, the group's strategy to be a Total Rail SolutionsSM provider for its railcar customers is

paying off. This concept showcases the Rail Group's expertise in combining leasing, repair, fabrication and support services for the customers' benefit. The group completed its plans to add a new repair business in South Carolina. That shop is currently in operation and will move to its permanent location in the second quarter of 2004. Like the Maumee-based railcar repair shop, the Southern facility will also repair, rebuild and re-engineer cars to customer specifications. These add-on services, unique among railcar leasing/management groups, enhance our ability to meet customer needs in the lease business. At year end, the fleet consisted of 74 locomotives, 6,200 railcars, and contracts to manage an additional 1,200 railcars for third parties. We ended 2003 with a 92% utilization rate (cars in rental service), 7% above the 2002 year end. In the first quarter of 2004, the company completed the acquisition of a large fleet of rolling stock and leasing assets. The transaction increases the fleet by 6,700 railcars and 48 locomotives and adds contracts to manage 2,600 cars for third-party investors. The assets, the majority of which are currently under lease, will be primarily owned by TOP CAT Holding, LLC with The Andersons as its sole equity investor. Our challenge for 2004 will be to integrate the management and operations of the newly created LLC with our current holdings. This task will require that we maximize the utilization of staff and operations while continuing to provide customers with a high level of service and support. The Processing Group made good on its promise to become profitable in 2003. In 2004, we plan to strengthen our market position through product innovation and continued development of our distribution network. We are streamlining the supply chain process by increasing inventory turns, decreasing investment in working capital and by taking cost out of the production process. These improvements will support the goals of further market share gains in the professional market and enhance our ability to serve the big box retailers in the consumer channel. The industry is forecasting modest growth of 2% to 3% in the do-it-yourself market for 2004, which will impact both our consumer and industrial products. This growth may not be mirrored in our shipments for spring 2004 due to excess inventory already in the channel. The big box consumer lawn fertilizer business is dynamic, however, and we anticipate that it will continue to be a profitable channel for our private label products. We expect demand for industrial products to be down for 2004. However, we expect new orders from existing

4

customers and greater sales volume of professional products to fill in a portion of the gap. We also expect to reduce costs by fine-tuning our operating and management systems.

The Processing Group's other businesses, cob-based carriers and animal bedding/litter products, expect to improve margins and lower expenses in 2004. Our Retail Group continues to carve a consumer niche for its stores by combining a broad array of traditional home center merchandise, a full-service nursery and high quality food offerings under the umbrella concept, MORE FOR YOUR HOME®. This year the group is evaluating new product lines to further broaden that concept and enhance shopper perception of The Andersons as a "one-stop" shopping experience. On the merchandise side, we are improving the quality of our selling efforts in three areas ­ kitchen/bath, paint and storage. A renewed consumer interest in remodeling is driving the growth of the first two areas, while spacestarved families are fueling the growth of storage containers and systems. Renewed focus on our selling efforts across the board goes hand-in-hand with an increased commitment to improving our employees' customer service skills. We will be stepping up the training and education process across all stores as exceptional customer service continues to differentiate us from the competition. The growth in sales generated by our specialty foods category continues to parallel the upward trend in food categories. Based on the popularity of the meat markets added in our three Toledo-area stores, we added a meat market in a Columbus location. This recent addition is showing better-than-expected results.

A significant portion of our long-term debt is at fixed or capped interest rates, which should benefit us for the next few years. In November we renewed our $200 million syndicated credit line with six major banks. In addition, on February 12, 2004 we completed the financing of the newly acquired 6,700 railcar fleet using an $86.4 million securitized non-recourse fixed-rate bond offering at very attractive rates. This very complex transaction will benefit the Company for years to come.

WE HAVE BUILT OUR BUSINESS ON HONESTY, INTEGRITY, AND MUTUAL RESPECT FOR OUR EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SHAREHOLDERS

In the past year, we have stepped up implementation of enterprise resource program (BaaN®) technology with Rail and Cob business systems now using this advanced software. In the year ahead, we will add the new entities created to operate and manage the additional railcar fleet acquired in 2004 to BaaN. We are also in the process of Company-wide system upgrades to set the stage for future business growth. In 2002, we initiated the development and integration of Technology Enabled Sales & Marketing efforts utilizing Onyx customer resource management software. Using the new software positions our sales team to drive their sales and marketing efforts through scheduling, contact information, customer preference tracking, and sales management reporting. The Company is planning for a significant

investment of time and resources in 2004 on the implementation of the SEC's regulations around Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. We will issue our first report in conjunction with the 2004 annual report to shareholders, at which time our independent auditors will also provide their first attestation report. We thank our 3,000 hard working, creative and dedicated employees The most important issue for Retail remains improving our financial performance to a level that will support additional stores. We think that we have opportunity to improve our sales performance, as well as our operating efficiency. On the administrative front we continue to manage our operating, administrative and general expenses for greater efficiencies. Rising health care costs have escalated into a national problem. Through our efforts to refine our health programs and encourage our employees to become better consumers of health care, we have been able to offer a competitive health care benefit program at cost increases below current market trends. Pension costs, driven by lower interest rates and three years of declining equity markets, are increasing as well. We have stepped up our contributions into our pension plans and experienced excellent investment returns in 2003.
Mike Anderson, CEO & President Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

who provide extraordinary products and service to our customers. We are grateful to them, to our customers and suppliers, and to you, our shareholders. We have built our business on honesty, integrity, and mutual respect for our employees, customers and shareholders. These values will continue to guide our growth at The Andersons.

SINCERELY,

5

