  DEAR
SHAREHOLDERS
AND FRIENDS,
We think 2018 will prove to be a landmark year in the company’s history. We announced in March our plans to build a state-of-the-art bio-refinery called ELEMENT with a partner in Kansas. We closed the year by putting the final touches on the purchase of Lansing Trade Group and Thompsons Limited, the largest acquisition in our history. The transaction closed effective New Year’s Day, and
we were happy to welcome nearly 800 new associates working in more than 40 locations. In addition, we achieved financial results that were considerably better than those
of 2017. Three of our four business groups improved
their performance after considering unusual items.
For 2018, we reported GAAP net income attributable
to the Company of $41.5 million dollars, or $1.46 per diluted share, and adjusted net income of $46.4 million dollars, or $1.63 per diluted share. The adjusted numbers were 35 percent better than our adjusted 2017 results. Our adjusted 2018 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) was $178.1 million, 13 percent higher than adjusted 2017 EBITDA.
The Grain Group’s year was highlighted by completing the agreement to purchase the remaining equity in Lansing,
a business in which we had owned a minority stake since 2003. We have been working diligently to integrate Lansing with the Grain Group. On an adjusted basis, the group’s base business results were lower year over year, as the group earned considerably less income from storing wheat than
it did in 2017. On the other hand, the results of the group’s growing food ingredients and specialty grains business were much improved, and the group’s share of income earned by Lansing and Thompsons more than tripled.
The Ethanol Group performed well with higher income for the year in the face of difficult market conditions, even
as many other industry players struggled. In fact, the group raised its pretax income by more than 15 percent
by marketing its products wisely and running its four plants in a highly efficient manner. The Ethanol team set several annual production records, primarily due to the expanded Albion plant operating for a full year. The group also increased its industry-leading sales of E85 by more than 25 percent for the second consecutive year. Corn to ethanol yields and DDG values also improved compared to 2017 results. Despite early rain delays, the construction of ELEMENT is back on schedule, and the group expects to begin production in mid-2019. The Ethanol Group remains focused on maximizing margin per bushel of corn.
The Plant Nutrient (PN) Group also improved its results despite depressed margins and difficult weather during the fall application season. In the primary and specialty fertilizer business, slightly higher volumes could not overcome significantly lower margins per
ton on specialty nutrients. The group’s lawn and contract manufacturing business recorded its highest- ever pretax income. PN also did a nice job controlling expenses, reducing them by 6 percent year over year.
The Rail Group’s pretax income declined in 2018, but that result was not unexpected. Income from car sales was substantially lower for two reasons. New accounting rules governing revenue recognition eliminated the group’s ability to record income from certain financing transactions. In addition, the group decided to take advantage of relatively high mid-year scrap steel rates to scrap more than 600
idle cars, resulting in a significant book loss. However, that decision allowed the group to generate cash, lower carrying costs and increase the average remaining life of its fleet. The group also bought almost 2,400 cars and added four repair facilities. Utilization rates and the total number of cars on lease both increased in 2018 as well.
The company made progress on other initiatives during the year. We implemented more than $7.5 million of additional run-rate productivity enhancements and
Left to right: CFO Brian Valentine, Chairman Mike Anderson and CEO Pat Bowe

 savings, bringing our three-year total to nearly $30 million. We continued to implement SAP, our enterprise resource planning system, across PN’s wholesale fertilizer business. Our safety results were also better for the year.
We also made three changes in our senior leadership
team. Brian Valentine joined us as senior vice president
and CFO in August after a distinguished tenure at The Lubrizol Corporation in Cleveland, Ohio. Former Lansing CEO Bill Krueger became president of commodities and merchandising effective January 1, 2019, joining Corey Jorgenson, president of assets and originations, as a co- leader of the new Trade Group. Most recently, we announced that Jim Pirolli will succeed Mike Irmen, who is retiring from his role as president of the Ethanol Group. We thank Mike for his more than forty years of service to the company.
We have much on our plate as 2019 continues to unfold:
• We will continue to focus on safety and the road to zero harm. We are also working to enhance engagement
and productivity among all our employees.
• In the new Trade Group, we will continue to integrate Lansing’s businesses with our own. We are progressing well toward identifying and implementing $10
million in run-rate cost and productivity synergies;
we expect to achieve that goal by the end of 2020. We are also exploring opportunities to use our combined knowledge, larger scale and broader geographic reach to better serve our expanded customer base and generate more income.
• The Ethanol Group began 2019 in a difficult margin environment characterized by higher year-over-year production and stocks, and with fewer opportunities to hedge its production than in recent quarters. In addition to completing the construction of ELEMENT, which will be producing some exciting new feed coproducts by year-end, the group is planning several capital projects in its other plants that will further improve efficiency and help them maximize the value of every bushel of corn they grind.
• The Plant Nutrient Group expects its results to improve over those of 2018. Primary and specialty fertilizer volumes should get a boost this spring after less than ideal fall and winter weather. While PN’s lawn and contract manufacturing business does not expect to match its 2018 results, that business should continue to perform well. The group is taking steps to further reduce cost, use capital more efficiently and improve productivity.
• The Rail Group anticipates continued steady improvement in the railcar market, which should translate to better performance in 2019. It remains focused on maintaining its high utilization, profitably growing its lease fleet and expanding its railcar repair network.
On a corporate level, while we have added more debt and issued some additional shares to acquire Lansing, we remain well-positioned to grow. Also, in January we increased our quarterly dividend by three percent to $0.17 per share.
We are excited about the prospect of delivering a third straight year of improved results in 2019, and in making substantial progress toward our goal of generating $300 million in adjusted EBITDA by 2020. We appreciate your continued faith in
us and look forward to sharing news of more successes in the year to come.
   Mike Anderson, Chairman
Pat Bowe, President & CEO
Brian Valentine, Senior VP & CFO
    Grain storage facility, Toledo, Ohio
Railcar repair shop, Maumee, Ohio
    Fertilizer distribution terminal, Walton, Indiana
ELEMENT construction site, Colwich, Kansas
