TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS

As we are sure many of you experience each day, our culture is obsessed with multi-tasking. We believe the more we can do at one time, the more efficient we are. But we should be cautious, because trying to FOCUS on too many things at once can easily lead to a fragmented attention span, and we stand a good chance of losing sight of what is important. Having a FOCUS - paying strict attention to what really provides success in our business ­ is vital.

2

Many of you knew one of our founders, the late Tom Anderson. He had an excellent analogy regarding the difference between what is "necessary" in business and what is "urgent." Tom eloquently likened it to the necessities to live. To sustain life we need food, water and air. We cannot survive without any of the three. But which one is the most urgent? Breathing, obviously. He equated this urgency for breath to the urgency for
CUSTOMERS. While all of our primary constituencies ­ our

employees, our investors, our CUSTOMERS and the support
DICK ANDERSON

from our communities ­ are necessary for our business, the
CUSTOMER is what keeps us in business every day. Meeting, and

exceeding, our CUSTOMERS' needs is our primary FOCUS. Taking this anatomical comparison one step further, many fitness
MIKE ANDERSON

instructors tout the need to strengthen the core of our bodies. As the core strengthens, it fortifies the rest of our body. By having a
CUSTOMER FOCUS at our core - truly providing added value and

increasing benefits - we can serve our other stakeholders through added employment, expanded markets, increased community contributions and increased shareholder value. Succeeding with our CUSTOMERS extends to benefits for all of our stakeholders.

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2006

To that end, during 2006 we entered new markets, expanded existing products and services and began reaping the benefits in the form of share value and record net income and revenues. We earned a record $2.19 per diluted share compared to $1.69 in 2005, a nearly 30 percent increase. We recorded net income of $36.3 million compared to $26.1 million in 2005, and we generated record revenue of $1.5 billion. In 2006, total shareholder return reached a record 98 percent. That is the fifth consecutive year we've provided a superior total return: 71 percent in 2005, 62 percent in 2004, 28 percent in 2003 and 30 percent in 2002. We provided shareholders with more liquidity from our two-for-one stock split in June. And, the follow-on offering of 2.3 million shares, priced at $37 in August, provided us with capital to support our many growth initiatives. Many Initiatives, One Company We take pride that we are a purposefully diversified company. We seek opportunities to expand into adjacencies of our core businesses supported by our core competencies: · long-term CUSTOMER relationships · commodity market knowledge · risk management · bulk commodity handling · transportation and logistics A few years ago we determined we had a place in the ethanol industry. It is a logical extension of our grain business and we view it as an additional market for our corn producers. Our strategy is to (1) be an equity investor in the ethanol industry, (2) provide infrastructure services including corn originations, plant operations management and marketing of ethanol and distillers dried grain (DDG), and (3) complement our value proposition through the trading of ethanol and DDG. During 2006, the Grain & Ethanol Group began operations at one ethanol plant and construction of another, while establishing an investment relationship and initiating construction of a third. All of this occurred while we were obtaining outstanding performance in many of our traditional grain locations. We achieved full-year operating income of $28 million, a new record. The previous full-year performance record was achieved in 2005 with $12.6 million in operating income. We experienced strong income

from wheat storage and profitably expanded into the ethanol and DDG markets. Our increasing investment in Lansing Trade Group, LLC, continues to perform exceptionally well as that business turned in another record year. A key strategy in the Rail Group is to build a diversified portfolio of railcars that enables us to service a wide range of CUSTOMER needs in many industries. Part of this objective is to strategically buy and sell cars to better position our portfolio. Even when railcar values were increasing during 2006, we were able to make reasonablypriced purchases that grew our fleet by more than 8 percent, while at the same time we liquidated certain railcars and locomotives. The number of cars liquidated in 2006 was lower than the year prior and maintenance was considerably higher, contributing to a slight decline in operating income. However, 2006 revenues of $113 million exceeded 2005 by $21 million. The utilization of our fleet reached an all-time high and currently is in excess of 95 percent. As a matter of fact, we effectively renewed or obtained new CUSTOMERS for most of last year's expiring lease contracts, which annually represents approximately 20 percent of our fleet. We also extended the service life of a significant number of railcars by 10 years. Increases in production costs ­ primarily in the form of nutrients, energy and seed ­adversely affected our CUSTOMERS and thus reduced our agriculture plant nutrient volume and gross profit for the Plant Nutrient Group last year. However, the margins for blended nutrient products improved year over year and the industrial products portion of the business achieved expected growth targets. Revenues for 2006 were $265 million and operating income was $3.3 million. In 2005, revenues amounted to $271 million and operating income was $10.4 million. During 2006, the Retail Group achieved an operating income of $3.2 million, which was $0.3 million higher than its 2005 performance. Revenues were $177 million, down 3 percent from 2005. Winter merchandise sales were adversely

3

affected by the warmer weather both in the first and fourth quarters but the decrease was mostly offset by outstanding sales in produce, specialty food, wine, housewares, sporting goods and workwear. This favorable sales mix also improved our average gross margins. We received good, solid feedback from CUSTOMERS in 2006 when we conducted an extensive CUSTOMER satisfaction survey. We are currently applying those responses to product assortment and service metrics. And, with our continued success in the specialty food category in our existing stores, we embarked on a new specialty fresh food store concept, breaking ground in October. The Andersons MarketTM will have a product offering with a strong emphasis on "freshness" that features produce, deli and bakery items, fresh meats, specialty and conventional dry goods, wine and beer presented in an atmosphere that is both educational and fun. Less than two years ago, the Turf & Specialty Group made some difficult decisions, believing that we had a sound strategy and skilled people to deliver it. Our move during 2006 away from commodities and towards proprietary and professional products, has begun to pay off. Full-year operating income was $3.2 million in 2006, on $111 million of revenues. In 2005, the group incurred an operating loss of $3 million, on revenues of $123 million. During the year, we lowered our investment, improved operating efficiency, improved asset utilization and introduced new products into the marketplace that CUSTOMERS have responded to very favorably. OUR FOCUS: CUSTOMER VALUE Looking to 2007 and beyond, our operating groups will FOCUS on a CUSTOMER-centric business model. Just giving our CUSTOMERS what they need today isn't enough. We need to know their needs and what they will value tomorrow. We will FOCUS on anticipating our CUSTOMERS' needs and offering them a solid value proposition with outstanding products, service and relationships. We have many opportunities for our CUSTOMERS in the Grain & Ethanol Group. We expect overall bushel volume to be up this year, with corn production as a large percentage of that growth. Many market analysts are predicting the rise in demand for ethanol will lead to an additional 10 million acres of corn planted during 2007 alone. Weather permitting, this will translate well for us and all of our CUSTOMERS ­ corn producers, ethanol blenders and farmers with livestock that consume DDG.

With The Andersons Albion Ethanol, LLC plant in Albion, Mich., operational and running profitably, we are eagerly anticipating the start up of The Andersons Clymers Ethanol, LLC plant in Clymers, Ind., early in the second quarter. Construction is progressing for the ethanol plant in Greenville, Ohio, the first to be constructed through our joint venture with a unit of Marathon Oil Company (NYSE:MRO), The Andersons Marathon Ethanol, LLC, which is on schedule to be completed in the first quarter of 2008. For all of these facilities, we will serve as operations manager and provide corn origination, risk management and DDG and ethanol marketing services. For two of these facilities we will provide grain storage capacity by leasing two of our existing grain elevators under operating leases. These investments, combined with corn origination services we are providing Iroquois Bio-Energy Company, LLC in Rensselaer, Ind., present us with growth opportunities in the trading and marketing of grain, ethanol and DDG.

4

All of this activity will continue to lead to a broadening of our
CUSTOMER base in traditional markets as well as in emerging

markets. The popularity of our proprietary services to producers also continues to increase as we assist them in managing their business and navigating the changing agriculture landscape.

The Andersons, Inc. Summary Annual Report 2006

Building a portfolio of long-lived railcar assets is at the core of our Rail Group. We must ensure our fleet has the proper mix of railcars to meet the requirements of our
CUSTOMERS. As a result,

service offering and capitalize on our core formulation and distribution strengths. Seeking alternative nitrogen sourcing, particularly off-shore, remains very high on our objectives. Moving beyond our core CUSTOMER base, we've been successful in growing our industrial nitrogen sales into the scrubbing of flue gas emissions from coal-fired boilers in power plants. We continue to actively pursue service agreements, in conjunction with Powerspan's ECOTM technology, for use at major coal-fired power plants. The ECO multi-pollutant control technology converts nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide emissions into harmless elemental nitrogen and commercially saleable nitrogen-sulfur combination nutrient products for agriculture and turf applications.

we continue to selectively make additions, or liquidate assets, to optimize our portfolio. Additionally, we are reviewing all of our underlying processes to see where there are opportunities to improve our service and offering. We make a point to communicate with our CUSTOMERS regularly to make sure we are increasing our understanding of their needs and providing an effective and efficient solution. Timely maintenance to the railcars also is crucial to providing quality service. We are exploring the possibilities of adding to our mobile unit fleet and expanding the railcar repair shops as it makes sense and provides value to our CUSTOMERS. We will continue to pursue the expansion of our current offering of proprietary rail components, such as outlet gates and hatch covers, to increase the
CUSTOMER base for these products.

5

The increasing demand for ethanol also bodes well for the Plant Nutrient Group, since early industry projections have crop input sales growing at least 10 percent during 2007. This increase is attributable to increased corn prices as well as an acreage shift to corn production in the U.S. that is expected to reach its highest level in recent history. And, keep in mind, corn requires more nutrient inputs than any other major row crop. We believe we have a great value proposition to share with prospective CUSTOMERS and basic nutrient manufacturers and we intend to capitalize on that. We will continue to grow our market share in our core region as well as strengthen our geographic coverage by expanding our wholesale and industrial businesses into new territories. We intend to continue to broaden our product and At the same time, we will continue to FOCUS on our current store concept - More For Your HomeTM- using the survey results from last year to assess products and categories based on our CUSTOMERS' preferences and optimize the space within all of our stores. The biggest news for the Retail Group in 2007 will be the opening of the first The Andersons MarketTM during the second quarter. Because of our growing success with our conventional and specialty fresh food product offering in our existing stores, we chose to expand that offering through this new store concept. Located in Sylvania, a suburb of Toledo, the 30,000-square-foot store will serve as an anchor of a retail center. We are excited about this venue to further serve the needs of the greater Toledo area.

During the course of 2007 and culminating in 2008, the group will be implementing a new information system, completely replacing and upgrading the existing system from the back office to point-of-sale. The turnaround in the performance of the Turf & Specialty Group has been very gratifying, though we are measuring our new strategy in terms of years not one year. A key element of the group's future success will be continuing to bring to life the mantra of Quality, Service and Technology (QST).

There are many opportunities for The Andersons-branded products in our markets. Our dispersible product lines based on DGLite® & Contec DG® form the core of our professional business growth. Innovation has led to the newly-released Enrich-o' CobsTM that offers us greater opportunities in many of our cob-based products. We believe the Turf & Specialty Group can continue to grow profitably with a FOCUS on delivering better solutions through technology. We would be remiss in not mentioning two losses the company experienced this year. An accident at one of the wheat storage buildings in Maumee claimed the life of Rodney Dinkens, a 20-year employee. This tragedy affected us personally, as well as many others throughout our company. The Andersons has always had a strong emphasis on safety, and we do not take a tragedy such as this lightly. We are committed to ensuring this situation is not repeated and will continue to reinforce the goal that all safety precautions are used at all times. The other loss, of course, was the passing of one of our company's

6

founders, Tom Anderson. In this report, we honor Tom and his contribution to our company, and our family. Being CUSTOMER FOCUSED and value driven provided us great accomplishments in 2006 and will guide us to exciting opportunities in 2007 and beyond. But we know that just being
FOCUSED isn't enough. Each day each of us must find that `one

more thing' we can do not to only satisfy, but provide added value to our CUSTOMERS. We must also seize the opportunity to eliminate waste through continuous process improvement efforts Concentrating on patented, proprietary products serving the professional turf and lawn care markets required an investment in additional manufacturing technology. We are able to serve new CUSTOMERS who bring more stringent requirements for production. This also elevates our ability to service our core CUSTOMERS better. In addition to improving our manufacturing abilities, we have also become more flexible with our production, supporting the objective of reducing CUSTOMER order cycle times.
Mike Anderson, CEO & President Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

that will not only improve how we do things, but improve our quality and service to our CUSTOMERS. These efforts will bring big payoffs to all of our key stakeholders. We are excited about how much more there is to do. We're ready to get to it.

SINCERELY,

