 ‘‘Strong roots are essential for growth and will flourish with the proper nurturing. You don’t need to work in agriculture to know that.’’
Dear Shareholders and Friends:
MIKE ANDERSON Chairman, President and CEO
represents an opportunity to participate in a company that is rooted in familiar industries, with a similar commitment to sustained profitable growth based on superior customer service and business integrity.
Our agricultural-related businesses performed well in 2010, and our rail business, which was hit hard by the economic downturn, appears poised to recover. I believe our performance during the past couple of years, amidst the economic conditions and volatility in the commodities markets, validates our purposeful diversification and underscores our emphasis on risk management.
That being said, I certainly don’t think the volatility we’ve witnessed of late
is behind us. I believe agricultural markets are on the brink of a ‘re-set’ of sorts, the likes of which we haven’t witnessed in several decades. The term “commodities super-cycle” has been used to describe the current conditions.
 2
Our roots are simple. We strive to provide extraordinary service to our customers. Staying true to our roots and building upon our strengths enables us to progress into the future and report quality earnings to our shareholders.
Led by record earnings in both the Grain & Ethanol and Plant Nutrient groups, our company recorded its second best year in 2010 with $3.48 in diluted earnings per share and net income of $64.7 million on $3.4 billion in revenue. Additionally, we recorded our best EBITDA of $162.7 million, an 8 percent increase from the previous record set in 2007.
While we are pleased with these outstanding financial results, we are especially proud that during 2010 our employees continued to work safer. Our employees exceeded the safety goal we set for ourselves one year ahead of schedule by reducing our employee injury rate by 26 percent. Getting to the source of being
safe – our personal responsibility to work and live safely and our accountability to watch out for one another – is imperative. I am convinced our safety efforts will benefit our employees as well as our customers and communities.
At the same time we were working safer and improving profits, we were advancing our growth initiatives in our agriculture business by increasing grain elevator storage capacity by 6 million bushels through acquisitions and expansions at existing facilities. Our acquisitions in Illinois and Nebraska also improved our position to serve food-grade corn customers with originations and risk management services and further diversified
our business outside the Eastern Corn Belt.
We expanded our rail interests by significantly investing in the Iowa Northern Railway Company, a 163-mile short-line railroad. We don’t invest in other companies lightly, but we believe that Iowa Northern

 rooted And progressive
The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2010
Basically we have a situation where world grain inventories are near historically-low levels as a percent
of annual consumption, due in part to much higher demand and some supply disruptions. We have more people in the world with a growing middle class desiring diets containing more protein. Experts estimate world population will grow by as much as three billion people by 2050. Across the globe we will need to find ways to grow more crops to feed this increasing population. As a result, we expect that volatile grain and fertilizer markets will be the norm for some time to come. And this volatility also applies to other commodities, such as oil, cotton and metals.
While there is risk associated with the current environment, there is also opportunity. We believe our core capabilities in the Grain & Ethanol and Plant Nutrient groups position us well to meet the demand for crop outputs and inputs. We also believe the strength of our balance sheet puts us in a solid position to manage a situation that will not be resolved easily or quickly.
Our ability to consistently provide a strong return to our shareholders is directly related to our employees’ shared customer-centered core values and beliefs that are reflected in what we do every day. Long before it was fashionable to have such a document, our Statement of Principles set forth the expectations we had
of ourselves as The Andersons. It also addresses the expectations our key stakeholders have of us and the
standards to which we should be held accountable. The nature of the statement enables us to pursue our strategic priorities that will move the company forward without leaving behind what has made us successful in the past.
We know that an engaged and capable workforce can accomplish great feats when pulling together for a common purpose. As we continue unleashing the talent within our organization, as well as attracting new talent, we will be focused on our company-wide goal of providing exceptional value to our customers.
Staying true to our roots and building upon our strengths enables us to progress into the future and report quality earnings to our shareholders.
It is imperative then, that our work- force has a keen sense of who our customers are and the emerging market conditions in which they do business. Extraordinary customer service is at the foundation of our company. In order to facilitate our customers’ success, it is imperative that we stay apprised of market and economic changes to offer relevant products and services.
Our continuous improvement efforts – which encompass everything from operations to safety to improving the bottom line – continue to gain momentum. We are committed to
continually improving our processes and operations to eliminate waste and exceed our customers’ expectations today and tomorrow.
We are improving operating efficiencies and are establishing reportable metrics around these enhancements.
We believe our values and strategic priorities, embraced by capable people with excellent industry knowledge and effective systems, will strengthen our ability to provide exceptional customer value and achieve profitable, intelligent and sustainable growth.
I’ve spent a lifetime in the agricultural industry, and I love it. I have been fortunate to grow up alongside this exciting business and this vibrant company. I guess you could say I am “rooted” in The Andersons in more ways than one.
Our employees are rooted too, in
the values and principles that have made our company what it is today. At the same time, our organization is comprised of forward thinkers with their sights set on a dynamic future. I believe we have a winning combination.
With sincere thanks for your ongoing support,
Mike Anderson
Chairman, President and CEO The Andersons, Inc.
   3
