                           2
DICK ANDERSON
We too experienced many challenges in an unprecedented year which we will detail in the following comments. Yet, we are fortunate that the strength of our company enabled us to post our third highest earnings and second best EBITDA amidst a historically volatile commodity market.
MIKE ANDERSON
Whether you read one shareholder letter this year or several, we are certain these words will permeate the messages from CEOs around the country.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS
Unprecedented. Historic. Volatile.
We achieved revenues of $3.5 billion in 2008, with earnings per diluted share of $1.79 and earned net income of $32.9 million.
 
       Our results are respectable, but we have to be candid with our stakeholders and ourselves – we could have done better. We are disappointed to have delivered less than anticipated results and have taken a long, focused and unflinching view of the events that have impacted our results this year. We assure all of our stakeholders – especially our owners – we are acutely aware of the circumstances that led us here and have learned from them. We tell our employees that adversity happens to us all, but the most important thing is how we respond and recover. That is our commitment to you –
Prior to the extensive “credit crunch,” our forecasting models in early 2007 began to signal the potential for higher cash needs to support the company’s grain and fertilizer operations. As a result, we took steps early to expand our lines of credit. As the higher grain and fertilizer commodity prices materialized, we elected to improve our liquidity by adding in excess of $200 million in new long-term debt at attractive rates and terms. This move, combined with the capital we raised by issuing additional shares in 2006, allowed us to expand our short-term lines of credit to
to learn from the events of 2008 and strive to assure that we manage our risk to avoid such pitfalls. Foundationally our company is strong. Our purposeful diversification as well as many solid strategies is helping us withstand the current environment.
$920 million. These steps continue to provide us with sufficient access to capital to fund our operations and pursue growth opportunities as they arise.
The largest impact on our 2008 results was the unimaginable high prices for the three basic plant nutrients followed by record breaking drops in demand and price. Because of the early positions we took with these commodities, we were able to enjoy and report record-breaking margin and operating income during 2007 and through the third quarter of 2008. Mid-year we committed to purchase significant nitrogen and phosphate and to a lesser degree potassium inventory to assure our customers of supply and to head off anticipated future price increases. And then, beginning in the third quarter and continuing through the end of the year, the bottom fell out of the market. Ultimately we owned product well above the market and we paid the price for these positions in the second half of the year requiring us to take $97.2 million in
Growth oriented activities in 2008 included making two significant acquisitions in the Plant Nutrient Group, increasing our percentage ownership in Lansing Trade Group (LTG), expanding our grain storage by 7.7 million bushels in Michigan and Illinois, adding railcar repair shops in Montana and Utah, increasing our railcar fleet by nearly 5 percent, expanding our marketing efforts for the Turf & Specialty Group’s dispersible granular products and making incremental improvements at The Andersons Market® specialty food market.
The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2008
adjustments. Hindsight is always much clearer than when you are in the midst of uncharted territory. We continue to evaluate our actions and are implementing the necessary process improvements and safeguards which will help us to better address such unprecedented market conditions.
By and large we are comfortable in the position we have taken in the ethanol industry and believe we are well equipped to provide services to the industry on an ongoing basis. Although market conditions also deteriorated in the ethanol industry throughout the year, we had a significant portion of our commodity prices locked-in, or hedged, at two of the three plants we manage
which allowed our ethanol operations to be profitable in 2008. Unfortunately, timing proved not to be on our side with respect to the third ethanol plant, as that project began at the height of industry construction costs and on the eve of what has proven to be a period of eroding margins. This fact, combined with the record level of volatility in corn and natural gas prices and a decline in ethanol prices, proved to be significantly challenging in 2008.
3

  4
These accomplishments proved to be very good given the chaotic market conditions in 2008. Yet, as we said before, we know we could have done better. Looking ahead, we must admit, we don’t foresee a calm sea as this year progresses. We anticipate even more turmoil in capital markets and a continuation, if not a deepening, of the recession, both in the United States and around the world.
We include grain risk management among our core competencies and have effectively managed counter-party risk for decades. Our counter-party risk in 2008 exceeded normal levels and we increased our reserves accordingly. We know the landscape of many of our businesses changed last year. So, as this year began, we kicked off a special effort regarding enterprise risk management. We are intensifying our efforts to identify key risks throughout our businesses and then establishing more rigorous processes to mitigate those risks.
But above all, 2008 reminded us of the importance of adaptability in the midst of history-making circumstances. Extraordinary times require extraordinary actions and we are prepared to approach our businesses in the year, and probably years, to come with a new paradigm.
There are many opportunities for us to learn from one another, including best practices in continuous improvement to become an even stronger organization. Self analysis is always important in a business, but during challenging times it is even more imperative to review processes and improve efficiencies. We perceive this effort as a journey and believe enhancing our continuous improvement efforts will help to shape our future.
Our Statement of Principles and the core values that have provided us with six decades of prosperity will continue to be foundational
to all that we do. We learned from 2008 and will apply our experiences knowing the coming year may be different. By being willing to adapt our core competencies to the changing conditions, we are much better prepared.
Ensuring the safety of our workforce is also an unyielding journey. During 2008 we began a new corporate-wide initiative to reduce accident frequency. In 2009, we are embarking on a two-year safety journey throughout the organization to establish and sustain the proper behaviors that enable us to keep ourselves and those

   around us safe. The safety and welfare of our employees is an absolute top priority. It is imperative that safety be at the forefront of everything we do.
customer is fundamental to our company. We will actively pursue opportunities that benefit our customers, suppliers, investors, financial institutions, employees, and in doing so, bolster our company and our communities at large.
While technology is often behind the scenes in many operations, we have many opportunities to leverage current and emerging technologies to improve our operations, products and services. For example, the addition of process control technology this year in the ethanol plants will help improve efficiencies. Additionally, we will utilize the $5 million Third Frontier Grant awarded to the Turf & Specialty Group and its partners in mid-2008 to support our production of soil dispersing granulars and further the product development of advanced granulars for several applications including turf, horticulture and agriculture. There are additional opportunities within Retail to leverage the Internet to expand our reach beyond our traditional markets. The Plant Nutrient Group sees exciting new market opportunities in its engagement with the forthcoming Powerspan ECO® technology.
Admittedly, 2008 proved to be a difficult year in ways that were frustrating, and difficult to foresee, but many of the long-term strategies we have in place are working, in spite of the current economic conditions:
Lastly and most importantly, we will work to strengthen the lasting relationships we have with all of our stakeholders by providing value and adapting to their changing needs. Focusing on the
• We anticipated volatility in the ethanol industry when we
chose to enter in the early 2000s. Our strategy to be minority investors in multiple plants - to diversify risk, provide services to multiple plants, and improve our market knowledge and marketing opportunities – remains crucial to our future success. Margins in 2009 could remain negative, however we are working diligently to continually improve our operating metrics at all plants, as we see this as an environment wherein the most efficient producers have an advantage. We are fortunate to have a skilled workforce that is committed to running each of these operations well.
The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2008
focused And diversified
5

   6
• For our agricultural operations, the basic need for food will not change. Crops need to be planted, grown, harvested and shipped around the world. Although the economic crisis is at a global level, we believe our grain operations are in a good position. Additionally, our position in the plant nutrient business is strong, especially with the two acquisitions and additional customers
ourselves, our products and services to continue growing during this economic crisis and emerge from it an even stronger organization.
in 2008. The circumstances associated with extreme market volatility are not systemic and we foresee opportunity as the year progresses. Strategies for growth continue in grain and fertilizer.
Our Board of Directors serves as an integral part of that team providing indispensable consult, direction and support. During 2008, we said good-bye to two long-standing and well-respected members, John F. Barrett and Dr. Sidney A. Ribeau. At the same time, we were honored to have Ross W. Manire and Gerard M. Anderson agree to serve as directors. Ross is the Chairman and CEO of ExteNet Systems, Inc., Chicago, a wireless telecommunications company he founded in 2003. Gerard is the President and Chief Operating Officer of DTE Energy (NYSE: DTE) a Detroit-based diversified energy company involved in the development and management of energy-related businesses and services nationwide.
• The fact that our rail operations kept income and utilization rates stable despite the economic downturn is a testament to the strategy we have in place. The customers in our asset base are strong and we are optimistic about maintaining our current leasing agreements.
In the near term, we will most likely see utilization, lease rates and repair demand reduced as fewer railcars are needed to transport bulk materials and finished goods. However, new railcar builds are down significantly which will bolster leases and repair of
The Andersons employees, management and board are very proud of this strong and vibrant company. While our history shows us there are ebbs and flows that can come at any given time, we have ridden the wave well for 60-plus years. We are intent on obtaining our growth objectives. We will do our best to effectively manage the circumstances and continue to look for the opportunities that a challenging environment can bring.
used cars as the economy begins its recovery. We will continue our strategy of growing the fleet, taking advantage of consolidations in the industry and leveraging our niche’ offering and position in the railcar leasing and repair market.
• We are on the positive side of the curve with our turf and specialty operations, experiencing the benefits of a solid strategy set in motion in late 2005. Our professional turf business is performing at record levels. We are increasing our custom formulating to help customers cope with the current high cost
of input materials. These operations continue to strengthen with the foundation of quality, service and technology as well as a focus on continuous improvement.
Being acutely aware and sensitive to current economic conditions, we are going to proceed cautiously in the near term. As we shared with our employees recently, this is a good time to eat a little more hamburger and a little less steak. It’s just the way it is.
• With financial experts having difficulty predicting when the economy will recover, we can’t rely on improved economic conditions to sustain our retail operations. This industry is fiercely competitive and consistently challenging. So we will continue our strategy of differentiation and strengthening from within. We will continue to evaluate our product lines and pricing for our general merchandise, and continue to leverage our niche’ in food categories. We will be tough in reducing costs and enhancing our operating efficiencies while providing exceptional customer service.
Mike Anderson, CEO & President
Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board
The team we have assembled is comprised of resourceful and innovative folks with an entrepreneurial spirit. We are resilient and we don’t get discouraged easily. We are committed to positioning
Postscript from Mike
At our Annual Stockholders Meeting in May, Dick Anderson and Paul Kraus will step down from the Board of Directors. Dick will continue to provide wisdom and counsel as a non-voting Chairman Emeritus. On behalf of the entire community of The Andersons stakeholders, I want to thank Dick and Paul for their years of dedicated service, hard work and friendship. They have had leadership roles in the company for most of its 60 year-plus history. They have made us a better company, better leaders in our communities and better placed us to meet the challenges ahead.
SINCERELY,
