The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2002

"Your company is committed to deliver
quality, integrity, honesty, and fairness in its products, services, and reporting. We are also committed to creating value for our customers, shareholders, communities and employees. We are stewards of precious resources, we endeavor to honor God, and be respectful of each other in our efforts. Since we are a company of people engaged in these pursuits, we have featured a few of our 3,000 employees in the 2002 annual report. Our people make it happen! We only wish we could feature more of them."

DICK ANDERSON

MIKE ANDERSON

To O u r S h a r e h o l d e r s And Friends,

The Andersons celebrated its 55th year of growth and success in 2002 with a record-setting performance. Net income was $13.3 million or $1.79 per diluted share for 2002 compared to $8.9 million or $1.21 per diluted share in 2001. Total revenues of $1.1 billion for 2002 rose 9% above revenues reported in 2001. Our shareholders have enjoyed excellent total returns (market price plus dividends) over the past two years ­ 30% in 2002 and 19% in 2001. Equity investors are returning to essential and basic industries for protection and long-term value as a result of the slowing economy, poor equity markets, and low bond interest rates. Agribusiness has been a good alternative for investors in these trying times. The company's record performance and tight control over capital spending in 2002 strengthened our balance sheet. As a result, all measurements of working capital and leverage have improved. We are at our targeted long-term funded debt-to-equity ratio of 0.8 to 1. Your company is committed to deliver quality, integrity, honesty, and fairness in its products, services, and reporting. We are also committed to creating value for our customers, shareholders, communities and employees. We are stewards of precious resources, we endeavor to honor God, and be respectful of each other in our efforts. Since we are a company of people engaged in these pursuits, we have featured a few of our 3,000 employees in the 2002 annual report. Our people make it happen! We only wish we could feature more of them. The Agriculture Group achieved its second best operating performance, finishing slightly behind its 2001 performance. While grain production in the region was below average due to last year's wet planting and summer drought conditions, margin on grain sales was strong. Overall, earnings from grain storage were lower than 2001. The Plant Nutrient Division (formerly the Wholesale Fertilizer and Farm Center Divisions) reported a 7% increase in fertilizer sales volume. Attention to expenses, inventory positions, margin control and facility utilization were key to their success.

2

The other three business units all reported significant improvement for 2002. The Retail Group reported 114% higher income in 2002 over that reported in 2001. Retail achieved slightly higher sales, but most significant improvement came from vigilant attention to gross profit and operating expenses. Lower railcar lease rates and the slowing economy continue to impact the Rail Group. However, with improved fleet utilization and reduced carrying costs, Rail reported its best performance since 1999. The Processing Group made the most significant turn around. Although not yet in the black, improved plant utilization, better control over raw material costs and right sizing the business all played a part in Processing's improved performance in 2002. On the Corporate side, we were blessed with lower interest rates, but burdened with higher employee benefit and insurance costs. In spite of these higher costs, we kept a purposeful tight rein on operating, administrative and general expenses, which in total were slightly below those of 2001. For more details on last year's performance, see the business review pages in this report. The prospects for 2003 are good. At this point we do not believe we can exceed the record performance we had in 2002; however, we expect to capitalize on many of the competencies we have built over the last 55 years. We have always stated our performance will reflect the cyclical and seasonal nature of our industries. The weak 2002 harvest will negatively impact 2003 income, but these are expected road bumps we manage through from time to time. It comes with the industry. We have a long history of physical handling, storing, maintaining, formulating, transporting and financial management of bulk materials. Our experience has provided us with the opportunity to enhance those bulk materials into value added products and services that provide solutions for our customers. Our strategic financial goals include increasing market value, specific growth objectives for each Group and attaining targeted levels of income by 2005. Achieving these goals is more than asset and cost control alone. It requires finding the future products and services to serve current and new customers who will be the future source of sales and profit. The Agriculture Group, which includes the Grain Division and Plant Nutrient Division (PND), forms our largest investment and the base on which most of our other businesses were created. We continue to believe population growth, demand for improved diets and higher standards of living will benefit those invested in the U.S. agriculture system, including The Andersons. The Grain Division ended 2002 with 56 million bushels of grain in storage, which is a good starting point. However, with last year's poor harvest, we are predicting lower storage income for 2003 as we expect grain inventory to be shipped earlier than usual. On the positive side, winter wheat plantings in our region are estimated to be 2.9 million acres, 23% above last year, which should provide opportunities in 2003. Higher corn prices should also encourage producers to increase plantings in 2003, and higher corn production offers us more margin opportunity than on soybeans. Grain supply and demand are directly impacted by good growing conditions in our marketing region; consequently, much of 2003's performance is dependent on the fall harvest. Producers make huge investments in the next growing season ­ inputs, rent, equipment, land, etc. To help them make complex decisions about crop production and marketing, we offer our Crop

Revenue Profiler® software program. This software program integrates the variables of crop insurance and government programs with our grain marketing philosophy to help producers achieve a more predictable result, thus reducing the impact of volatile crop prices. When our customers are successful, it enhances our profitability. We continue to develop our progressive grain marketing tools, such as Freedom Contractssm, to assist producers in pricing decisions. In 2002 we began taking these contracts and marketing ideas outside our historic marketing region. What we call "portable originations" has been a way to contract with and serve customers without physically handling the grain. In addition, we have developed web-based customer contracts, statements and other information to help customers track and manage their contract positions. In 2003, the Grain Division became a minority investor in Lansing Grain Company LLC, which is a 77-year old grain trading business with offices in Michigan, Minnesota, and Kansas. This investment should benefit both parties as we serve different market sectors and geographic regions. The Plant Nutrient Division's focus is on consistent, dependable yearround logistics and supply. Higher grain prices and the newly signed U.S. Farm Bill are positive signs for PND in 2003. Cash flow at the producer level is reported to be strong, which should allow producers to buy the necessary inputs for the 2003 planting season. The division continues to add capacity and re-capitalize existing assets to provide customers with a complete line of nutrient inputs and services. In addition, PND is investing more time and talent to serve the specialty agriculture, industrial and non-agricultural markets. Several new products introduced in the past year include liquid roadway and runway de-icers and anti-icers, specialty biological nutrients for wastewater treatment and specialty nutrients for agriculture. In the Rail Group, railcar prices and lease rates are beginning to stabilize, which is a positive sign for 2003. Although new railcar production has been cut dramatically in recent years, there is usually demand for less expensive rebuilt-cars. We are positioned to meet this demand with rolling stock and our railcar repair and fabrication shops. Not only can these facilities repair and rebuild cars, they can also design and build bulkheads, gates, and hatches to match customer demand. With capabilities both in the railcar repair and fabrication business, it's easier to meet customer needs in the lease business. Our goal is to be the Total Rail Solutionssm provider for our railcar customers. Plans are for Rail to add a new repair facility in South Carolina in 2003. Rail had 5,699 railcars under management at the end of 2002, 5% more than in 2001. In addition, we have 51 locomotives under management. We ended 2002 with 85% of the railcars under management in service. This is up 10% from 2001, a huge improvement. Our utilization objective in 2003 is to be at 90%. We continue to believe this business can grow at a 20% annual rate for the near future. We have found opportunities by purchasing railcars with attached leases from investors looking to re-balance or modify their portfolios. With the sluggish economy, our focus is on short-term lease deals [where the largest demand is], diligent management of railcars, monitoring credit quality, valuation and positions, and stepping up our sales and marketing efforts.

3

The Andersons, Inc. Annual Report 2002

The Processing Group made a sizable turnaround in 2002 and expects to be in the black in 2003. The business was reorganized to capture efficiencies in the areas of marketing, operations, and reporting/systems. We are implementing a cost system and are studying total IT systems needs. We have better control over ingredient costs by sourcing raw material earlier, margins have improved, and we are paying very close attention to working capital usage. We still have more work to do in order to get Processing to achieve an acceptable return. Lawn fertilizer shipments increased 3% in 2002, and they are expected to grow 3% in 2003. The "big box retail" consumer lawn fertilizer business is dynamic. However, because these larger customers have greater demands, change can be rewarding or painful. We have successfully served this market for decades and continue to believe we have opportunity to profitably add value as a private label supplier to the industry. For 2003 we landed a new international private label for U.S. distribution and expect this relationship to grow in future years. Our professional turf business, Andersons Golf ProductsTM, has stabilized and is expected to grow by 8% in 2003. Our goal for this business is to increase distribution to New England and the Southeastern U.S. The Processing Group's other businesses, cob-based carriers and animal bedding/litter products, were modestly profitable in 2002. There are a number of new products being tested in the marketplace that show promise for 2003. Our Retail Group's focus on MORE FOR YOUR HOME® is paying off as noted by their 2002 improved performance.The addition of a fresh meat market in the Maumee Store was such a huge success that we added similar markets to the Toledo and Woodville stores. The addition complements our deli, bakery, produce and wine offerings and gives customers the convenience of one-stop food shopping. We are now considering fresh meat markets for our Central Ohio stores as well. This year we are rolling out a new shopping concept at our Woodville store designed to increase the average per-customer sale. The new concept features a floor plan that improves customer flow and significantly increases the number of merchandise end-caps to more prominently feature selected merchandise. Margins are up in 2002 as a result of vigilant control over markdowns. We will focus on inventory turns, in-stock performance, labor utilization efficiency and improved technologies in 2003. The most important issue for Retail is growth ­ will there be a seventh store? We have been evaluating our long-term growth potential, testing site selection models and investigating a few specific sites. We expect to finalize a decision in 2003. On the Administrative front we have been watchful of our operating, administrative and general expenses, developing and extending our use of ERP systems and technology, and intensifying strategic sourcing and procurement efforts to find more efficient and less expensive business practices. Interest expense improved by $1.8 million in 2002, mainly from lower interest rates. As a result of the lower interest rate environment, we made a number of capital market moves that we believe will benefit the company in 2003 and beyond. In November, we completed a $200 million short and long-term credit line syndicated with six major

banks. In addition, we restructured our long-term debt, increasing the fixed rate portion to 90% of the total outstanding. Net working capital is up by 7%. Capital spending was managed very closely and as a result, operating cash flow was strong, all of which strengthened the year-end balance sheet. Our balance sheet has grown to over $469 million in total assets. Most of the asset growth is in grain inventories. Contrary to the way most non-commodity businesses operate, high grain inventories are generally a positive indicator for the near future. In our remaining businesses, we are striving to use working capital more efficiently. We expected an improvement in operating income in 2002 and that was accomplished. We thank our 3,000 hard working, creative and dedicated employees who provide extraordinary products and service to our customers. We are grateful to them, to our customers and suppliers, and to you our shareholders. We believe in honesty, integrity, and mutual respect for our employees, customers and shareholders. These values will prevail at The Andersons. One final note. We want to extend our thanks to two long-time board members, Don Anderson and Rick Anderson, who are stepping down this year. Their dedication and guidance for the past 14 years have been invaluable. In the future, the board's governance/nominating committee will be seeking candidates to fill these two vacancies. Their choices will reflect The Andersons' commitment to a diversified board with a majority of non-management directors that represent a wide range of interests and business philosophies. Sincerely,

Mike Anderson, CEO & President

Dick Anderson, Chairman of the Board

WITH THANKS

Don Anderson Director, 1988-2002 One of the six children of our founder Harold Anderson, Don's career with the company started at its inception in 1947 and continued to his retirement in 1996 as Director of Science. For the last 15 years Don has shared his wisdom and expertise as a member of our Board of Directors. Don is stepping down from the Board this year. We want to express our sincere thank you to him for his many years of service and dedication to The Andersons.

Rick Anderson Director, 1988-2002 Rick joined The Andersons in 1986 and has been a member of the Board of Directors for the last 15 years. Although Rick will no longer be a member of our Board, he continues to serve the Company as President of the Processing Group. Thank you to Rick for his contributions and service to The Andersons Board of Directors and for his continued leadership of our Processing Group.

4

