The Andersons Inc. Annual Report 2001

to our shareholders
Shareholders and friends, In a year that will be remembered for sadness, upheaval, and uncertainty, The Andersons turned in a solid performance for shareholders in 2001, providing a 19% total return. Equity investors were looking for consistent, essential industries as the economy slowed and the grave events of September 11 added more confusion for the equity markets. Basic industries, including agricultural products and services, once again prove to provide an attractive choice for investors in difficult times. In 2001, shareholders liked our position in the food chain. We are committed to increasing shareholder value as well as providing extraordinary service to our customers, helping our employees improve and supporting our communities. Revenue was $984.6 million compared to $961.1 million for 2000. Net income was $8.9 million compared to $10.1 million in 2000. Earnings per diluted share [EPDS] in 2001 was $1.21 vs. $1.34 in 2000. Income in 2001 included a non-cash charge equal to $0.13 per diluted share to recognize the decline in market value of certain rail assets. Included in the 2000 EPS were: 1) an $0.18 per diluted share gain from an insurance recovery [related to one of our fertilizer facilities], and 2) an $0.08 per diluted share from the sale of our interest in a chain of tire and auto centers. On a comparative basis, we are pleased with the quality of earnings from operations, excluding non-recurring gains and accounting changes, in 2001, $1.21 EPDS vs. $1.08 EPDS in 2000. DICK ANDERSON

Operating performance in 2001 produced mixed results. Our core business, the Agriculture Group, achieved a record operating performance. Vigilant attention to inventory positions, margin control and facility utilization were key to a very successful year. Our team added value to the excellent business conditions. Good harvests in our market territory increased demand for grain storage space. Fertilizer demand was strong and our organization performed very well during the heavy spring planting season. Our farm center units made a significant turnaround in 2001. The Retail Group turned in a respectable performance, although not as good as in 2000. Lower railcar lease rates and the slowing economy impacted the Rail Group. The Processing Group was positioned for significant growth in the consumer and professional turf markets, which did not materialize. Excess capacity, high nitrogen costs and a significant slowdown in the golf industry all played a part in Processing's unfavorable performance in 2001. For more detail on the 2001 performance, see the business review pages of this report. We are very excited about our prospects in 2002. The entire team is dedicated to build on our core competencies and capabilities. We have a long history of physical handling, storing, maintaining, formulating, transporting and financial management of bulk materials. This history has provided us with the opportunity to enhance those bulk materials into added value products and services that provide solutions for our customers. Quality and integrity are a must for long-lasting relationships. With 54 years of experience, we know the importance of long-term relationships. The resurgence of earnings growth in the Agriculture Group in 2000 continued in 2001. The Ag Group is our largest investment and the base on which most of our other businesses were created. We ended 2001 with 65.4 million bushels of grain in storage, the second largest level in our history. The huge inventory puts the grain division in an excellent position to generate storage income during the first six months

of 2002. Grain inventory supply and demand varies widely from year to year. We believe that demand in the grain markets will force shipments of stored grain early in 2002, and therefore, we do not expect storage income to exceed that of 2001. The Crop Revenue ProfilerTM software program continues to help producers make complex decisions about their crop marketing programs. It integrates the potential of crop insurance, government programs and various marketing contracts to help producers achieve a more predictable result, thus reducing the impact of volatile crop prices. Adding value for our producers ultimately enhances our profitability through fee income and better customer relationships. During 2001 we spent a significant amount of time developing a grain-growth strategy, including value-added opportunities for our customers. We have added progressive grain contracting tools, which should result in a more secure grain volume and increased fee revenue. We continue to seek marketing opportunities outside our historic marketing regions. As we stretch our professional sales and marketing talents to source and sell more grain, we are committed to increase the efficiency of our grain operations through automation. The Wholesale Fertilizer Division's [WFD] focus on consistent, dependable yearround logistics and supply is capturing market share across all agricultural customer segments. The division continues to look for added capacity adjacent to our market region. In addition, WFD is using its primary agriculture handling and formulating expertise in specialty agricultural and non-agricultural applications. We are now producing liquid roadway and runway de-icers, specialty biological nutrients for wastewater treatment and specialty nutrients for agriculture. We continue to believe population growth, demand for improved diets and higher standards of living will benefit those invested in the U.S. agriculture system, including The Andersons.

2

MIKE ANDERSON

In the Rail Group, we thought railcar prices and lease rates were beginning to stabilize; however, the events of September 11 dampened the market. Rates dropped and customers were less likely to take on long-term leases. Fortunately, demand late in the fourth quarter of 2001 started to improve. We are in the process of repairing 400 cars, which should be placed in service with a major customer during the second quarter of 2002. We ended 2001 with 74% of the railcars under management in service. We expect double-digit improvement in our utilization rate in 2002, which would lead to a significant improvement in the Group's income from operations. Rail had 5,432 railcars under management at the end of 2001, 13% more than in 2000. In addition, we have 51 locomotives, 70% more than a year earlier. New car building is expected to be down in 2002, as is demand for all types of railcars. However, we concentrate on used cars that can be reconfigured to meet customers' needs and to add economic life to the equipment. With lease rates at relatively low levels, our focus is on short-term lease deals, diligent management of inventories, valuation and positions, and stepping up our sales and marketing efforts. Important components of our Rail business are the repair and maintenance shops. Our long-term quest is to be a total rail solutions provider. The shops have created a number of profitable and exciting rail components, which we design, manufacture, install and lease. The repair and maintenance shops performed nicely in 2001 and should make excellent contributions in future years, both in profits and as a complement to our operating lease business. The Processing Group is getting much of our attention after 2001's very disappointing year. The lawn and professional fertilizer industry suffered one of the worst years in recent history. We continue to work on the integration of our 2000 acquisition of a professional turf business -- now Andersons Golf ProductsTM. We believe that the industry must consolidate to service customers with maximum efficiency. Manufacturing capabilities and logistics resources need to be rationalized. Our

team was slow to recognize and act on the industry dynamics in 2001. We remain intent on leveraging our position if a consolidation scenario develops. We have reorganized and downsized several functions in the Group to streamline the business. Volume is expected to grow about 7% in 2002, which will reduce our excess capacity. We have priced and contracted for a larger portion of 2002 nitrogen needs to avoid excessive margin volatility. We have increased our selling prices in certain sectors, which will add margin. Expense control, supply chain efficiency (freight and warehousing), and working capital levels are all being scrutinized. We are determined to turn the business around. Our Retail Group focus is on MORE FOR YOUR HOMETM as its primary product and customer service offering. The addition of fresh meats in the Maumee Store has been a huge success. Fresh meats will be added to the Toledo Store in early 2002 and perhaps in other stores later in the year. The offering complements our other food operations like wine, bakery, and fresh fruits and vegetables. We are looking for other retail products that complement and add shopping frequency for our core product line. Recent market research suggests that we modify our store design to improve customer flow, which potentially can add to the average sale and more prominently feature select merchandise. We plan to test the new design at the Woodville Store in 2002. Inventory efficiency, in-stock performance and improved technologies in our distribution center are on the drawing board for 2002. We have been in a holding pattern with six stores for some time. We are starting to evaluate our long-term growth potential, testing site selection models and even evaluating a few specific sites. If we determine growth is justified, we will need to determine the right capital structure for the business. On the Corporate/Administrative front we have been aggressively cutting overhead costs, downsizing in select areas, and intensifying strategic sourcing and procurement efforts to find more efficient

and less expensive business practices. These initiatives began early in 2001 and will continue through 2002. Lower interest rates have allowed us to take more to the bottom line, but more importantly, to lock in additional fixed rate long-term debt at lower rates. The added long-term debt had a positive impact on net working capital, which grew 36% by the end of 2001. This will provide us with more stability in the future. Our balance sheet has grown to over $450 million in total assets. Most of the asset growth is in grain inventories. Contrary to the way most non-commodity businesses operate, high grain inventories are generally a positive indicator for the near future. In our remaining businesses, we are striving to use working capital more efficiently. Reaching our goals on profitability, working capital management, total shareholder return and long-term strategic planning will demand the best from all of us. We have the talents and resources to meet these challenges. We are committed to leverage the skill sets we have, build on our core competencies, keep our house in order and be prepared to respond to the ever-changing industries and customers we serve. We expected an improvement in operating income in 2001, after adjusting for the one-time gains reported in 2000, and that was accomplished. However, achieving excellent performance in one sector but a disappointing performance in another sector is not acceptable. We must deal with the volatility to provide long-lasting shareholder value. We will rely heavily on the talents of more than 3,000 loyal employees. Their creativity and dedication to provide extraordinary products and service to our customers are keys to our success. We are grateful to them, to our customers and suppliers, and to you, our shareholders. Sincerely,

Mike Anderson, CEO

Dick Anderson, Chairman
3

