  To our shareholders, customers and communities:
In 2005, WellPoint provided health benefits to more Americans than any other company, and we are on course for continued growth by focusing on our customers.
In our first full year of operations following the merger of Anthem, Inc. and WellPoint Health Networks Inc. in November 2004, we successfully integrated two large, national organizations, achieving our synergy goals while maintaining the high quality of our service. We also completed the acquisition of WellChoice, Inc., the parent company of Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield, the largest health insurer in New York.
With the addition of nearly 5 million WellChoice members, our enrollment was 33.9 million members at the end of 2005. The total also includes 1.2 million new members we added during the year, an organic growth rate of 4.3 percent. As WellPoint grew, we also achieved excellent financial results. Earnings per share were $3.94 in 2005, a 29 percent increase over 2004.
We continue to work to reduce administrative costs as a percentage of revenue, while improving service to our customers. The selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense ratio improved to 16.3 percent for the full year 2005, from 17.0 percent in 2004, with a goal of 15.7 percent for 2006. Initiatives such as our “One Touch Service” program in Virginia and Georgia have increased customer loyalty, satisfaction and value, while reducing calls and thus costs.
our merger with wellchoice
We completed the acquisition of WellChoice on December 28, 2005. With this acquisition we strengthen our leadership in providing health benefits to national accounts, large employers with multi-state operations. This transaction gives us a strategic presence in New York City, the headquarters of more Fortune 500 companies than any other U.S. city. With Blue Cross or Blue Cross Blue Shield plans now in 14 states, we can offer large national employers our leading local presence in more markets than any other health benefits company.
8
 WellPoint, Inc. 2005 Summary Annual Report

  The acquisition allows us to provide a seamless product offering in the Northeast. There are significant growth opportunities in every business segment, and we will be able to sell our specialty products, such as life insurance, to more health plan members.
There are also operational and cost savings to be realized from the WellChoice transaction, and we expect $25 million in 2006 synergies. We have created a new East Region for WellPoint, headed by Michael Stocker, M.D., formerly president and CEO of WellChoice.
customer-focused initiatives
Much of our work in 2005 focused on offering innovative new products and services for consumers. In June, we acquired Lumenos, a pioneer in consumer-driven health care. A consumer-driven health plan provides consumers with a personal health account along with tools, information and services to help them maintain and improve their health. Our focus now is to introduce Lumenos products and services to our members and to further build an industry-leading consumer-driven portfolio. At the end of 2005, we served 507,000 consumer-driven health plan members.
We are continuing our efforts to reach uninsured Americans with affordable health care coverage. Having demonstrated the success of our Tonik product among the uninsured in California, we expanded it to new markets in 2005. Through
Tonik and other innovative products, in 2005 we provided new individual policies to 378,000 people who had previously been uninsured.
In 2005, we built a stand-alone unit totally focused on our national accounts customers. We unified the identity of the business under the Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield brand as Anthem National Accounts in the states where we operate Blue Cross or Blue Cross Blue Shield companies.
We’re developing integrated benefits solutions that combine medical coverage with our wide range of specialty benefits such as vision and dental plans. We offer customers a single point of contact for all their benefits needs. In an increasing number of markets, we also offer the adminis- trative ease of one bill, one ID card and one customer service number for medical and
specialty products.
 In 2005, WellPoint provided health benefits to more Americans than any other company, and we are on course for continued growth by focusing on our customers.
 Letter to Our Shareholders, Customers and Communities
9

  We’re offering more choices for seniors, including Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage. As of January 2006, we are marketing Medicare products in all 50 states, and we expect between 1.5 million and 2.0 million Part D members this year.
achieving our vision of health care
During 2005, working with our Board of Directors, we finalized our WellPoint 2010 Strategy. Our vision for the future is that WellPoint will transform health care and become the most valued health benefits company.
What will a transformed health care system look like in 2010? Consumers will have access to affordable quality care, and we will reduce the number of uninsured Americans through innovative new coverage options. Consumers will confidently navigate health care. They will be able to choose from a wide array of products and select health care services using meaningful price and quality information.
Physicians and hospitals will spend less time on administrative tasks, thanks to advances in information technology, and medical errors will be reduced through evidence-based medicine. And public health will improve through education and incentives to help people lead healthier lifestyles and manage chronic diseases.
We believe that WellPoint can take a lead role in achieving this vision. Our strategy is built on WellPoint’s distinctive strength: the combination of our national scale and our local leadership in more places than any other health benefits company.
At the local level, our leading presence and large membership base position us to work with health care professionals on initiatives to improve quality and affordability. At the same time, our national scale creates opportunities to gain efficiencies by stan- dardizing operational processes. In addition, as the nation’s leading health benefits company, we can play a key role in advocating national health care policy and practices to benefit consumers.
The combination of national scale and local leadership allows us to share best practices — a program that is improving quality or reducing the cost of care, or a product that is addressing an unmet need. We have created Centers of Business Excellence, which focus on specific customer segments and bring together WellPoint experts from across our regions, to provide a structure for exchanging knowledge and ideas.
closing thoughts
In closing, I want to welcome the 5,000 associates who joined us from WellChoice as we ended 2005. And thanks to all 42,000 WellPoint associates for staying focused on our customers in a time of rapid growth, integration and innovation.
10
 WellPoint, Inc. 2005 Summary Annual Report

  “Part of our heritage is social responsibility. We take very seriously the responsibility that comes with providing health coverage to
one in every ten Americans.”
larry c. glasscock
I want to acknowledge and thank Ben Lytle, Leonard Schaeffer and Tom Snead, who have been instrumental in building our company and helping guide the new WellPoint through its first year. Ben and Leonard have recently resigned from our Board of Directors, and Tom from the Executive Leadership Team, but they leave a lasting legacy, and WellPoint today reflects the vision of these outstanding leaders. I also want to thank Elizabeth Sanders, who retired from the Board in 2005 and who served for many years on the board of WellPoint Health Networks.
Part of our heritage is social responsibility. We take very seriously the responsibility that comes with providing health coverage to one in every ten Americans. We recognize our obligation to take a lead role in improving health care in this country.
We believe the future of health care belongs to the consumer. Our company has a long history of winning new customers and keeping them. But we know that we must do more. If we are to address the concerns of consumers today, we must truly transform health care.
This is our vision. Our role in this vision is to lead the way to affordable quality care and to become the most trusted choice for consumers by anticipating their needs and creating innovative solutions. We believe that WellPoint’s future, and the future of health care, can best be seen through the eyes of the consumer.
Larry C. Glasscock
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  11
 Letter to Our Shareholders, Customers and Communities
