 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Letter from President and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
As we look at Anthem in 2017, we are proud of our results. Our ability to serve 40 million people— more consumers than ever before—along with strong performance in our businesses and a fifth year of increased operating revenue, positions us well to continue to deliver long-term, sustainable growth to our shareholders.
But for me, 2017 was about more than the numbers. It was personal. I joined Anthem in November 2017 because amidst the rapidly changing landscape of healthcare, I saw a company ready to lead. I saw an organization of 56,000 employees, grounded in values I share and motivated to address some of the greatest challenges and opportunities our industry has ever faced.
With each Anthem facility I visit and every employee
I meet, I see examples and hear stories of the
countless ways we are working and innovating to
deliver a simpler, more affordable and more accessible healthcare experience for our consumers and their families. This report includes a collection of those stories—a window into the lives of the people we serve, the communities we impact and the future that is possible.
Among them, you’ll read about our partnership with care providers at the Rocky Mountain Cancer Centers in Denver, where we are working to ensure that cancer patients receive the highest quality care by utilizing evidence-based treatment plans that also reduce side effects and hospitalizations. You’ll meet Jennifer, an Anthem Medicaid member and first-time mom, who was guided through a healthy pregnancy thanks to the support of two Anthem nurse case managers. And you’ll meet 94-year-old Barbara, who was one of the first consumers in Anthem’s pioneering “Togetherness Program,” which provides integrated healthcare, transportation, social activity and other services to address the growing issue of senior loneliness.
We’ll tell you how our Anthem Foundation and employees lend a hand for communities in need. And you’ll read about how we’re impacting communities through bold advancements in addressing the opioid crisis and other chronic issues that impact health, like homelessness.
 Gail K. Boudreaux
President and Chief Executive Officer
Anthem 2017 Annual Report / 3

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Just as importantly, we look ahead to a healthier future as we include some of the ways Anthem is collaborating with care providers to reward and enhance value-based, patient-centered care. And we share a window into the role of digital innovation in advancing greater access to care and a simpler, more personalized experience for consumers.
For Anthem—and for me—each of these stories is part of something bigger. They point to what is possible. As healthcare reinvents itself, we have the ability, the vision and the values to redefine what’s possible. Building on our Anthem legacy, now is our opportunity to raise our performance, to execute relentlessly, to innovate boldly, and to deliver even greater impact on the affordability, accessibility, and quality of healthcare in America.
Healthcare changes. And Anthem will lead.
Gail K. Boudreaux
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Anthem 2017 Annual Report
/ 4

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Letter from George A. Schaefer, Jr.,
Lead Director
Dear Fellow Anthem Shareholders,
Thank you for your investment in Anthem and for trusting us to oversee your interests. Your Board’s mission is to represent the interests of all shareholders, not in the short term, but with a long-term perspective. We believe your interests are best served when the Company achieves sustainable results in a responsible manner. The Board is actively engaged in overseeing Anthem’s business strategies and performance to meet this objective. I am pleased to share specific actions that the Board has taken in the past year.
Chief Executive Officer Succession & Independent Chair
One of your Board’s most important responsibilities is to ensure an orderly and stable CEO succession process. To that end, in November 2017, we unanimously elected Gail K. Boudreaux to succeed Joseph R. Swedish as CEO and President, with Joe continuing to serve as Executive Chair of the Board until May 2018. The Board would like to recognize Joe for his significant contributions to the Company’s success over the past five years.
We have determined that upon Joe’s retirement, the Board will be led once again by an independent Chair. In February 2018, we announced that Elizabeth E. Tallett, who is currently Chair of the Governance Committee, will assume the independent Chair of the Board position.
Board Skills, Diversity & Refreshment
Board succession planning is also essential to the Company’s success. As Lead Director, I have the privilege to work with a highly qualified and diverse group of Board colleagues who bring thought leadership, perspective and accountability to their roles in overseeing the talented executive team at Anthem. Refreshing your Board with new perspectives and ideas is critical to ensuring that it remains strategic and forward-looking.
Over the past year, three new Directors have joined the Board and one Director has retired. In addition to Gail, who was appointed to the Board following her election as President and CEO, we are pleased to welcome new Board members Antonio Neri and Bahija Jallal, who both have extensive executive and financial experience, as well as Antonio’s information technology expertise and Bahija’s healthcare industry experience. Our Board is highly diverse in terms of background, expertise, nationality, ethnicity and gender, including four women directors and four directors from diverse ethnicities. The average director tenure is approximately six years.
Anthem 2017 Annual Report / 5

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Corporate Responsibility
Anthem believes that corporate responsibility is embedded in our purpose and helps define us as an organization that is committed to creating a healthcare experience that is simpler, more accessible and more affordable for the consumers we serve. We are focused on living out this purpose through the work of our associates, through the philanthropic efforts of the Anthem Foundation, through our diversity and inclusion initiatives, and by implementing environmentally responsible business practices. In recognition of the importance of corporate responsibility, the Board’s Governance Committee is charged with monitoring the Company’s corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability initiatives, to ensure they are effective and timely.
On behalf of the Board, thank you for investing in Anthem.
George A. Schaefer, Jr.
Lead Director April 2, 2018
 Anthem 2017 Annual Report / 6
