a picture of health
$200
150
100
50
0
10/30/01
Comparison of Cumulative Total Return* Among Anthem, Inc., the S&P 500 Index and the MS Healthcare Payor Index
12/31/01
12/31/02
                *Based upon an initial investment of $100 on 10/30/01 with dividends reinvested. To our shareholders, customers and communities:
 10
Anthem, Inc. S&P 500 Index MS Healthcare Payor Index
Our mission is to improve the health of the people we serve, and we continued to make signif- icant progress in 2002. At the same time, we improved the company’s overall performance in providing value to our shareholders, customers and communities.
• We acquired Trigon Healthcare, Inc., a highly successful Blue Cross and Blue Shield licensee in Virginia, to form a new Southeast region. We were pleased to have been able to establish our fourth region with such a high-performing company whose best practices make our entire Anthem organization even stronger.
• Our membership surpassed 11 million at year’s end, a 40 percent increase over 2001. Our Trigon acquisition added 2.5 million members and our existing customer base grew by 8 percent.
• Membership growth resulted from listening to our customers and responding with products they value. We introduced several new products under the umbrella name Anthem ByDesign that offer customers more choices and more affordable health benefits.
• Customer retention, once again, exceeded 90 percent reflecting high levels of customer confidence and satisfaction.
• Our growth resulted in operating revenue increasing 28 percent to $13 billion.
• Our financial strength improved, with net income increasing 60 percent to $549.1 million, or
$4.51 per diluted share, compared with $342.2 million, or $3.30 per diluted share, in 2001.
These results are a reflection of our strong commitment to serving our members and continually improving our operations. Our financial strength provides the resources to invest in the people, products, programs and technology essential to improving the quality and affordability of health benefits and service to our members.
We continued to work closely with the medical community to improve care for our members. We collaborated with physicians and hospitals on innovative programs in which they receive enhanced reimbursement for clinical quality and excellence. We also worked with hospitals to create reimbursement programs that reward exceptional results in patient safety and other measures through our nationally recognized Midwest Hospital Quality Program, now in its 10th year. Reimbursement programs focusing on quality were expanded to hospitals and physicians in our East and Southeast regions as well.

  L. Ben Lytle, Larry C. Glasscock
Our coordinated care and disease management programs made a difference in our members’ lives. With high member satisfaction and proven clinical results, these programs helped people live healthier lives while also reducing medical costs.
Improving health care quality also helps control rising health care costs. Thoughtful collaboration among consumers, medical professionals, business, government and insurers provides opportunities to find innovative solutions to the difficult issues of access to care, quality and cost that challenge our health care system. We are committed to being an active participant in addressing these issues.
Our quality programs continued to be recognized by others. The National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA)—the nation’s leading independent managed care accrediting organization—has awarded its coveted “Excellent” rating to our Blue Cross and Blue Shield health plans in Colorado, Connecticut, Maine, New Hampshire, Ohio and Virginia. Three Anthem health plans were recognized as being among the top 15 in the United States based on clinical and preventive care quality measures.
Anthem was also recognized for outstanding business and financial performance. Fortune magazine continued to recognize Anthem on its annual list of most admired health care companies in America. In July, we were added to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Fortune named us to its Global 500 list, which ranks the world’s largest public companies based on revenue, and in our first year of eligibility, we were ranked seventh on the Barron’s 500, which measures stock performance along with other key financial measures.
The Health Ethics Trust gave Anthem a Best Practice Award for our standards of business conduct. Anthem’s approach has been, and will continue to be, achieving results with integrity. We hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards. During this time of intense scrutiny of corporate behavior, we are proud of the way we run our company. Many of the proposals being discussed already guide our corporate governance.
Our ongoing investments in information technology helped us further improve our service. We rose to 48th on the InformationWeek 500, which tracks technology performance among the nation’s largest and most innovative companies. Two years ago we were ranked 444th. Significant progress was made, too, in our eBusiness efforts as we improved and broadened the features and functions of our website, www.Anthem.com, to make it even more valuable to our members.
 11

a picture of health
  Key members of our senior management team are, from left to right (seated), Marjorie Dorr, Thomas Snead, David Frick, Caroline Matthews and Larry Glasscock. From left
to right (standing), Samuel Nussbaum, M.D., John Murphy, Keith Faller, Jane Niederberger, Michael Smith and Michael Houk.
We made great strides in 2002, and we are committed to further improvement in 2003. Products that meet the needs of our members will continue to be a major focus, as will con- tinued growth in our specialty products. By offering a full range of health, pharmacy benefit management, dental, vision, behavioral health and life insurance products, we can meet all of our customers’ benefit needs.
We remain hopeful that the Kansas Supreme Court will uphold a favorable lower court decision on our proposed acquisition of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas, and that we will be able to add Kansas to our West region during 2003. We recognize and respect that many people do not like to see a locally headquartered company acquired. However, being an effective health benefits manager and insurer is increasingly a scale-driven business. Anthem’s track record demonstrates that we improve the financial and service performance and market share of state-based Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies while keeping most jobs and control in the state.
We have become one of the nation’s largest health benefits companies because we have remained committed to our strategy that recognizes health care is uniquely local and personal. Our local and regional leaders manage the functions that directly touch our customers and are able to implement new products and quality programs that respond to the unique needs of their markets. We recognize that one size does not always fit all, and our local leaders and managers act accordingly.
Finally, we recognize that our accomplishments in 2002 were made possible through the dedication and commitment of our more than 19,000 associates.
With a strong leadership team, board of directors and dedicated and talented associates, we are confident in our ability to grow, provide high-quality products and services, increase collaboration with physicians and hospitals and improve the quality of care our members receive.
L. Ben Lytle Larry C. Glasscock
Chairman President and CEO
  12
