  Anthem’s 2018 Annual Report   35
 “2018 began a new era for Anthem: an era defined by growth, innovation, and the transformation of healthcare as we know it.”
— Gail K. Boudreaux, President and CEO, Anthem
A message from our President and CEO
2018 began a new era for Anthem: an era defined by growth, innovation, and the transformation of healthcare as we know it. We made significant progress re-orienting the company for growth and improving the overall execution of the enterprise. Our 2018 results demonstrated accelerated top-line momentum, strong medical cost performance and disciplined expense management. We are creating positive change across all aspects of healthcare, and we are just getting started.
As a national leader within the rapidly changing healthcare landscape, we understand the concerns of our stakeholders—customers, consumers, partners and investors—and we know we play an important role in delivering innovative solutions to meet their needs. Across the country, we are working to improve lives, simplify healthcare and reduce overall costs enabling those in greatest need to get the right care...at the right place...at the right time.
Our culture, with our bold mission, vision and values, serves as our guide in this work on behalf of those we are fortunate to serve.
Anthem associates bring our strong culture to life each day in their local communities. This past year saw our team members generously give of their time and talents to those in need where they live and work. Through projects at food banks, blood drives, outdoor clean-up efforts and more, our associates volunteered more than 76,000 hours to live out our mission of improving lives and communities. Their compassion represents a true commitment to making a difference.
Looking ahead, 2019 represents even more opportunities to positively impact the healthcare system, our communities and partners. We are focusing on ‘whole person care’ in order
to improve outcomes and reduce costs in our local communities. In addition, we are
creating the technology tools and platforms allowing Anthem to become a digitally enabled

 ANTHEM’S 2018 ANNUAL REPORT (CONT.)
healthcare company to simplify healthcare for our customers and consumers, and allow care providers to seamlessly engage across the care continuum.
With this strong momentum, I am pleased to share with you our 2018 Anthem Annual Report. Across these pages, you will meet a collection of care providers, consumers, partners and associates demonstrating our values each and every day. Their stories spotlight the various ways we positively impact the healthcare ecosystem by reducing costs, reinventing care delivery, personalizing the consumer experience and engaging with our communities and partners.
Our people are the core of Anthem’s success. The dedication of our more than sixty- thousand associates, as illustrated through the stories in this report, is both humbling and inspiring. Consumers are expecting more of their healthcare partner, and at Anthem—we are delivering more.
I am optimistic about the future of Anthem and look forward to our continued success on behalf of those we serve.
Thank you.
Gail K. Boudreaux
President and CEO, Anthem
Anthem’s 2018 Annual Report   36
  