 To Our Shareholders:
October 30, 2001, was a milestone for Anthem as
the “ATH” symbol moved across the New York Stock Exchange ticker for the first time.
The completion of our demutualization and the very successful Initial Public Offering of Anthem, Inc. stock was a reaffirmation that Anthem is a strong, vibrant company positioned to be even more successful in the future. We are proud that our IPO was received enthusiastically by the investment
community and was the 23rd largest IPO in history. We view the conversion to a public company as another “great stride” as we meet the needs of our customers and our shareholders.
 Anthem, Inc. board members and leadership team celebrate the closing of Anthem’s first day of trading from the bell podium at the New York Stock Exchange.
 2
  
 By becoming a public company and establishing our access to the public capital markets, we have increased our flexibility to grow our business. In addition, we can further improve and expand our service performance and quality initiatives, accelerate the development of innovative new products, new technologies and eBusiness capabilities, and improve our financial performance.
Our corporate structure has changed, but
our goals and commitments have not. We have demonstrated that Anthem is both one of the nation’s largest diversified health benefits organizations
and an industry leader. All of the key metrics used
to judge our performance continued to show
steady improvement.
The health benefits industry continues to consolidate, and we remain focused on growing internally, as well as through acquisition. Membership growth was strong in 2001. We now serve 7.9 million members, a 10-percent increase over 2000 on a same-store basis. This growth is due to recognizing and meeting the needs of our diverse customer base with competitively priced products. As the exclusive Blue Cross Blue Shield licensee in eight states, we offer products that carry the most respected brand in
health care. This was evident in the growth of our national account business, which benefited from the unique advantages of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association’s BlueCard program.
We already hold a leading market position in seven of our eight states, yet we continue to
see growth opportunities. In addition, our Specialty product lines are also positioned to offer new opportunities to provide a wide variety of ancillary employee benefits to our existing customers.
All key financial measurements improved over the previous year. Net income, excluding net realized gains and non-recurring items, increased
51 percent to $314.1 million, or $3.03 per share, for fiscal year 2001. This compares with $209.1 million, or $2.01 per share, in 2000. Operating revenue increased 18 percent over 2000. Operating gain – which reflects operating revenue less administrative and benefit costs – rose by 74 percent. These results clearly demonstrate our disciplined approach to reducing administrative costs, managing benefit costs and growing and retaining membership through competitively priced products.
Our improved financial results led to the upgrading of our credit ratings, and we arranged new
 3

  Larry C. Glasscock (left), President and Chief Executive Officer, and L. Ben Lytle, Chairman.
independent managed care- accrediting organization.
These accomplishments would not have been possible
 without our nearly 15,000 associates, whose commitment to operational excellence, customer service and quality improvement was essential to our performance and successful conversion to a public company.
Our strategy of growing through acquisition continued with our proposed affiliation with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas. Although that proposed transaction was approved unanimously by the Kansas plan’s board of
directors in the fall of 2001, and approved by the policyholders in January 2002, the Kansas Insurance Commissioner chose to disapprove the transaction. On February 19, 2002, the Board of Directors of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas voted unanimously to appeal that decision. We will be joining the Kansas plan leadership in that appeal.
Customers benefit from successful consolidation of Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans, which brings efficiencies of size and scale to operations. But, Anthem understands that health
 credit facilities to provide appropriate liquidity to fund our future operations.
Our overall performance is an outcome
of providing the products our customers need
and value. Health care quality and customer service continued to show improvement as recognized by third parties. Fortune magazine recognized Anthem as one of the 10 most admired health care companies in America. All of our states that sought accreditation from the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) have received it. NCQA is the nation’s most respected
4
 
  care is an inherently local business and allows local managers to retain control over functions that touch customers directly. This consolidation strategy is unique in our industry. As a result, we believe Anthem is the most successful consolidator in the health benefits industry.
To support our strategy, we continued
to make significant investments in our information and operating systems. Systems consolidation efforts are producing administrative cost reductions and operating efficiencies. We expanded our eBusiness capabilities and redesigned our website, www.anthem.com, to serve as the gateway to improved service and access to health information for our customers. Equally important was our progress in electronic commerce with physicians, hospitals and brokers.
We were able to grow and improve performance despite a national health care environment that was challenging.
Significant health care cost increases were driven by outpatient and inpatient hospital costs, physician costs and the cost of and use of prescription drugs. We enjoyed some success in addressing cost and quality issues by focusing on them internally and in
cooperation with others providing health benefits. For example:
• Anthem Prescription Management addressed the rising cost of prescription drugs through innovative tiered pharmacy benefit programs that encourage the use of drugs that are both clinically appropriate and cost-effective.
• Our clinical efforts expanded under the leadership of our chief medical officer. Our locally based clinical staffs developed medical management programs that promote better-quality, more cost-effective health care.
• We remain committed to the Coalition for Affordable Quality Healthcare, a cooperative effort founded by 26 leading health insurers and associations working to improve care, keep health care affordable and simplify administration and processes for customers and physicians.
We addressed a sometimes-chaotic legislative and regulatory environment at the national and state levels. Congress and state legislatures debated proposed new mandates and regulations,
but large and small businesses are concerned that these well-meaning efforts make it more difficult
 5

  to provide their employees with affordable health care benefits.
As we look ahead to 2002, our mission remains firm: To improve the health of the people we serve. We believe we can achieve this mission, grow our business, provide customers with affordable benefit programs and increase value to shareholders because
of our unique strengths, which are:
• Diversity in products, geography and customer mix;
• Affiliation with the Blue Cross and Blue Shield brand;
• Discipline in underwriting, medical cost management, expense control and integration of operations;
• Momentum in financial performance; and
• Growth opportunities in each of our markets.
These strengths, combined with the dedication of our associates and a relentless focus on a proven business strategy, should enable us to take many more “great strides” in the future.
L. Ben Lytle Larry C. Glasscock Chairman President and
Chief Executive Officer
Key members of our senior management team are, from left to right (front): Larry Glasscock, Michael Smith, Marjorie Dorr (seated), David Frick and Caroline Matthews. From left
to right (back): Jane Niederberger, Samuel Nussbaum, M.D., Michael Houk, Keith Faller and John Murphy.
   6
  