To our shareholders, customers and communities:
 WellPoint, Inc. was launched on November 30, 2004, when we completed the merger of Anthem, Inc. and WellPoint Health Networks Inc. Now we are moving forward to achieve our full potential as the nation’s leading health benefits company.
We are building an organization that will be a recognized leader in improving the quality of health care, introducing innovative products, and delivering world-class customer service. We will define a new role for health benefits companies to help meet the challenges facing the American health care system.
Building the New WellPoint
We are quickly integrating the tremendous resources that we have brought together. We have put in place the structure and leadership of the new organization. By adopting best practices and realizing synergies, we fully expect to build upon our outstanding results of recent years and achieve even greater competitive advantage.
We’ve made a commitment to synergies of $150 million for 2005 and $250 million for 2006, and we’re on track to meet that commitment. In addition, we will seize opportunities created by the merger to increase our value to customers.
We are also committed to further reductions in administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue. The size and scale of our new company allows us to spread administrative costs over a much larger membership base, helping keep premiums affordable for our members. We continue to invest in sophisticated tools that reduce administrative expense while improving customer service.
Innovation to Reach New Customers
WellPoint, Inc. unites two companies that have led the industry in attracting new members over the past eight years. In 2004, our combined membership grew by almost 1.7 million medical members, or by 6.4 percent on a comparable basis to 2003.
Helping to drive our growth are innovative products that make coverage affordable, available and attractive to more people and to companies of all sizes. One example is our new Tonik suite
 page 22   WellPoint, Inc.

“Our merger expands our opportunities to implement innovative products in our markets across the country, based on our strong local presence and knowledge of local customer needs. Clearly, product innovation provides a great growth opportunity for us to develop better health care options for more Americans.”
 of products, which is featured in this report. Approximately 70 percent of Tonik members are in the targeted 19- to 29-year-old age range, and 70 percent were previously uninsured.
Our Blue Access Economy plan, introduced in December 2004, is designed to provide a solid foundation of basic health coverage, including a range of deductible options, a prescription drug card and office visit co-payments. To date, 45 percent of new members in this plan had been uninsured.
We are also attracting new members through our consumer-directed health plans, which are integrated into tax-advantaged Health Savings Accounts, or HSAs. We support our HSA products with Internet-based tools that help our members make informed decisions. One such tool helps members estimate and compare the likely total cost for different treatment plans.
Additionally, we are offering new Medicare products, such as SmartValue—the first Medicare Advantage private fee-for-service plan in California. SmartValue is unique among Medicare Advantage plans because enrollees may choose any doctor or specialist who accepts Medicare payment and agrees to the terms and conditions of the plan.
Our merger expands our opportunities to implement innovative products in our markets across the country, based on our strong local presence and knowledge of local customer needs. Clearly, product innovation provides a great growth opportunity for us to develop better health care options for more Americans.
Information to Transform Health Care
In the new WellPoint, we wanted to create a company that can catalyze significant improvements in health care. In our nation’s public/private health care system, health benefits companies are well-positioned to harness the power of information in order to transform care.
We compile medical data across the entire system—hospitals, doctors’ offices, pharmacies, and labs. We translate that data into meaningful information for consumers and health care professionals while protecting members’ privacy. We can provide cost and performance information that
 WellPoint, Inc.   page 23

pictured from left to right
Leonard D. Schaeffer
Chairman of the Board
Larry C. Glasscock
President and Chief Executive Officer
       consumers can use to consider their health care options. We can provide information on outcomes and best practices that physicians can apply to decisions on patient care.
For example, as a result of emerging concerns about the COX-2 class of drugs, we reviewed our health care and prescriptions claims databases to identify potential issues within our own member population. We believe our data indicate that for our members age 40 and older, the use of COX-2 drugs shows an increased risk of a heart attack or stroke.
WellPoint has shared this information with the Food and Drug Administration. We have also sent letters with this information to members and physicians. This study demonstrates how we can use clinical information from our claims databases to improve the health of our members and the quality of health care.
Achieving the full potential of these techniques requires a broad, national patient database, the financial resources to invest in large and complex information technology systems, and the market presence to help drive the design and adoption of systems and standards. Achieving greater scale in these areas is one reason why we created the new WellPoint.
Investment to Lead Change
Our overarching philosophy is that health benefits companies can be a catalyst for positive change and can reach beyond the needs of their own membership to address broader health issues. We must make the investments necessary to drive change.
We will make those investments to advance three key goals: First, we have to accelerate the transition to a technology-based system that provides information for physicians and patients to make more informed decisions. Second, we must make evidence-based medicine the standard of care. Third, we have to engage consumers in their health care and in maintaining their own good health.
We believe that such investments reflect our responsibility as the nation’s leading health benefits company. Both Anthem and WellPoint had strong traditions of philanthropic support to expand access to quality health care. The new WellPoint will carry on that legacy through our foundations
    page 24   WellPoint, Inc.

 and corporate giving programs that contributed more than $14 million in our communities in 2004. We will continue to make investments that drive change in health care and accelerate adoption of 21st Century information technology to improve health.
We are deeply grateful to our Board of Directors for their leadership in bringing together two great companies. We thank Roger Birk, William Hart, James McDowell, Jr., John Sherman, and Dennis Sullivan, Jr. for their years of service on the boards of Anthem, Inc. and WellPoint Health Networks Inc. We also want to acknowledge Allan Hubbard, who served on the board of WellPoint, Inc. until his appointment as director of the National Economic Council at The White House in January 2005.
The leadership team of the new WellPoint represents the best in the industry. Our managers are extremely talented and experienced, and we’re very pleased with how well our new team has come together.
More than 38,000 WellPoint associates have remained focused on serving our customers through the past year and a half as we worked to complete our merger and build our new organization. To our associates, thank you for your unfailing commitment to improving the health of the people we serve.
As the nation’s leading health benefits company, we see part of our role as helping to make our health care system work better for everyone. For Americans seeking affordable, quality health care, WellPoint will be part of the solution.
Leonard D. Schaeffer Larry C. Glasscock
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
   WellPoint, Inc.   page 25
