Fellow Investor:
Fiscal year 2011 was a challenging transition year impacted by increasing global oversupply and changes in some manufacturers' sourcing strategies. We took dramatic steps to address these challenges, centered on modifying our business model to drive reduced costs and improve operating efficiencies. The changes include streamlining and realigning senior management, reducing global head count, investing in value added infrastructure and creating a customer focused culture. Culture transformation is an important theme in our plan to reestablish our Company's foundation. We are driving change from the top down with vested "buy in" from our employees. Consistent with this part of our strategy, we have reformulated executive management compensation to align it with increased long term shareholder value. We are satisfied with the pace of our restructuring, and believe the prospects for our business are strong. Full plan implementation will take another 18 months, but we should start to see the benefits in the back half of this year's results. Ultimately, our enhanced operations will position your company to deliver improved financial performance. We are investing where our customers recognize value and eliminating expenses where they do not see benefits. Improving sales volume in the future requires a reduced cost structure that is focused on increased efficiency to provide an enhanced competitive position to drive both volume growth and profits. Infrastructure investment is a key theme in this pursuit. As such, we have recently opened new state of the art factories in Brazil and Macedonia, reopened our Zimbabwe factory, and increased capacity and streamlined operations in the U.S. and Tanzania. During fiscal year 2011, we incurred $23.5 million in restructuring charges and $30.0 million in other discrete costs to retire debt, lower of cost or market inventory charges, customer bad debt, FCPA related fees and deferred compensation items. These costs were partially

F

offset by a $37.4 million gain, primarily as a result of the transaction with Philip Morris International's Brazilian subsidiary. After considering these costs our $32.9 million pretax income would have been significantly higher. Also impacting net income/loss for the year was a non-cash $108.5 million tax charge, although actual cash taxes paid were only $12.9 million. Liquidity requirements and our capital structure are actively managed based on our business strategy and financial market trends. At the same time, we are focused on reducing long term debt and investing where solid returns are achievable. During the year, we purchased $58.6 million of our senior notes and 2.4 million common shares. At the start of last year we indicated oversupply was building and industry conditions were dynamic; however, we believe that we have taken the right steps to position the Company to prepare for the long term. Early reactions from our customer base are positive as we continue to implement our strategy and our business model evolves. Undoubtedly, additional challenges will develop as we move forward and we plan to meet all new complexities with renewed vigor. Our strong customer base, great employees and solid plan execution should deliver increased operating efficiencies that can be leveraged to grow volume and profitability. Together these enhancements should improve operating and financial performance, translating to increased long term shareholder value.

Mark W. Kehaya Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer

J. Pieter Sikkel President

