DEAR FELLOW INVESTOR:
n this, my first letter to you as the Chief Executive Officer of Alliance One, I consider myself fortunate to speak on behalf of all Alliance One employees around the globe who collectively have made such a tremendous difference from this time one year ago. I must also thank our loyal customers for "sticking with us" during this time and providing much needed support during this transition. At the end of the day a successful Alliance One means being a strategic partner that is both focused and capable of creating and delivering value within the tobacco supply chain through a dedicated and professional workforce that truly spans the globe. That was and still remains our number one objective. The operating environment this year was equally as challenging as the past, with the exception that Alliance One began to truly operate as "One," with most of the merger "noise" finally behind us. Our strategy to create a leaf supply partner with the footprint and scale necessary to drive efficiency, sustainability and long-term shareholder value in an intensely competitive industry is the unifying focus that has helped us to begin to deliver on our value proposition and will continue to focus us into the future. The results from operations this past year were significantly improved from that of the previous year as a result of improved margins, a better operating cost structure and reduced SG&A due to higher than planned merger savings and synergies being achieved. In addition, total debt was reduced by $161.6 million year on year and total working capital declined by $6.9 million, leaving your Company in much improved financial shape heading into the coming year focused on the future. In fact, the only measures that lagged the prior year's performance were kilo volume sold and total Revenue, both down 12.1% and 6.3% respectively to 584.9 million kilos and $1,979.1 million. This was due to conscious decisions taken to either reduce or exit certain historically

I

At the end of the day a successful Alliance One means being a strategic partner that is both focused and capable of creating and delivering value within the tobacco supply chain through a dedicated and professional workforce that truly spans the globe. That was and still remains our number one objective.
unprofitable crops or not to pursue certain business relationships that were driven more by price and volume than by Total Product Integrity. The dedication to Total Product Integrity is the cornerstone of our vision to becoming a true strategic partner and supplier. We feel this will become increasingly important to the industry. Global social responsibility programs, good agricultural practices, agricultural residue testing and farmer traceability programs, in conjunction with our seed development science and modern processing standards, will all lead to product improvements for the future ­ and those we believe will be sought by our customers in expectation of an increasingly regulated environment for tobacco products. In addition to the positive improvement in the yearto-year results, your Company achieved a number of other important benchmarks that will help put our post-merger progress in perspective. Firstly, we believe Alliance One became the first leaf merchant to utilize off-shoring as part of its Information Technology development strategy. Developing this capability now will enable Alliance One to respond more effectively to the information requirements of tomorrow. Working with our long-standing partner in India we developed a platform through which certain future Alliance One IT initiatives can be off-shored more cost effectively and

Global Reports LLC

timely when speed to market will become an even more important differentiator for the future. Secondly, we were able to monetize over $38 million of non-core asset sales to reduce debt in our second year as Alliance One. This was in addition to substantially reducing total inventories (committed and un-committed) by $121 million as part of our strategic adjustment to our global footprint. Thirdly, this past year your Company was able to successfully complete a re-financing to take advantage of favorable market conditions to reduce interest spreads, extend maturities and increase debt pre-payment flexibility to enable the acceleration of our de-leveraging plans. Finally, we announced the re-alignment of the top of our management organization to support our growth plans by promoting our Regional Director of South America, Hilton Kappaun, to Executive Vice President ("EVP") Operations and our Regional Director of Asia, Pieter Sikkel, to EVP Business Strategy and Global Relationship Management. These two individuals have a strong background in this industry and having them together on our top team will further strengthen our strategic focus and planning for the future. Solid earnings performance, substantial debt and inventory reductions, a successful re-financing to build flexibility for the future, developing an innovative IT platform and re-aligning the organization to drive the business going forward were some of the key achievements in a very exciting year of transition for your Company. Looking forward, our Mission remains unchanged ­ To be the preferred supplier of quality tobacco products and innovative solutions to the world's manufacturers and marketers of tobacco products. Our focus is the customer and through that we will deliver long-term shareholder value. Fiscal year 2008 will most certainly offer its share of challenges as customer consolidation continues, the impact of increasingly

Looking forward, our Mission remains unchanged ­ To be the preferred supplier of quality tobacco products and innovative solutions to the world's manufacturers and marketers of tobacco products. Our focus is the customer and through that we will deliver long-term shareholder value.
uncertain weather patterns on crop sizes and quality and the foreign exchange impact on US dollar based pricing ­ all unknown variables that may significantly impact results during the year. Over the long-term, the value we seek to bring to the global tobacco supply chain is continuity of supply and the maintenance of stringent quality standards that will produce the types of tobacco products needed by our customers. Product traceability, seed technology innovation, rigorous product testing programs, good agricultural practices and social responsibility programs within the global community, combined with global ISO certified manufacturing facilities are and will become even more critical to the products we market as we move forward. This is both our vision and our mission and I want to express again a "welldone" to all Alliance One colleagues around the globe. Last, but by no means least, I personally want to express my gratitude to our Chairman, Brian Harker, who will be retiring from our Board after our August meeting. His perspective, his guidance and his unswerving commitment to our original vision when we first discussed creating Alliance One, was invaluable. Brian, the mantle you are passing on will not be worn lightly ­ Thank you for making Alliance One possible.

R. E. Harrison President & CEO

Global Reports LLC

