Dear Fellow Investor:

F

iscal year 2010 results for our Company were nothing less than extraordinary when considering the headwinds we faced and the continuing dynamic landscape of our Industry. From the recently announced customer initiatives to become selectively closer to the farmer base in certain origins, to changes in historical supply agreements, are all part of what I call our "New Platform for Growth". This evolving environment will no doubt produce even further changes, but open up additional opportunities that can provide enhanced stability and profitability for our Company, which we are already well on our way to achieving. Turning to our year end results I am pleased to report that sales and other operating revenues continued to grow for the fourth consecutive year, to a record $2.3 billion. Both gross profit and operating income also reached new record highs of $396 million and $224 million, respectively. The latter achieved despite a one time cost of approximately $20 million related to legacy FCPA matters. Further, after giving effect to roughly $60 million in one time costs related to both the FCPA matter and our refinancing, underlying pretax earnings achieved a new record as well. Overall, we weathered the financial crisis well, maintaining liquidity sources and at the same time refinancing over $1 billion of our long term debt at a time when the credit markets were uncertain at best. Additionally, we improved the terms and conditions in our credit agreements that enhanced business flexibility while maintaining the same market based cost of funds. Customer demand remained solid, but consumer preference has started to shift in some markets to increased value product off-take as a result of the financial crisis, while increased excise taxes have also placed some pressure on our customers' volumes. Historically, these short term market adjustments have worked themselves out over time and longer term trends re-establish themselves in conjunction with improved economic conditions. Global supply remained steady and quality looks good, although recent weather patterns have affected the size of both the Malawi and Brazilian crops that we will sell in fiscal year 2011. Is there more yet to be done? The answer is clearly yes. We began planning the "New Platform for Growth" scenario well before this year's results were announced and have advanced plans in a number of areas to identify opportunities early, while already acting on others. The bottom line is that not only do we seek, but we embrace change and expect there will be more as our dynamic industry evolves; but be assured that we have been focused on its direction for some time and believe we are well prepared to not only help successfully shape, but also play a key role that will continue to enhance future shareholder value. The past several years of supply shortages and steadily rising green prices coupled with a weakening US dollar all underscored the need to create a new business model to try and better

address not only farmer sustainability but security of supply for the entire industry. During fiscal year 2010 Japan Tobacco International, Inc. ("JTI") partially vertically integrated in the US, Malawi and Brazil. We do not look forward to lower volumes with any customer; however, JTI's actions have created opportunities not only with them, but also other customers, all of which we are working to maximize. The bottom line is; additional opportunities and additional stability throughout the supply chain. The evolution of the industry continued in this regard when in June we entered into an agreement with Philip Morris International, Inc.'s subsidiary in Brazil that: assigns 8,500 of our 45,000 farmer relationships, establishes a long term processing agreement related to these assignments that maintains similar profitability, conveys certain surplus assets including a warehouse and two buying stations and establishes an inventory management software licensing agreement. This agreement should also reduce our working capital requirements and losses on farmer advances. Again, it is expected that this too will provide even further supply chain stability. AOI will continue to analyze the changing operating environment and we believe that our various initiatives are well placed as we move forward, all aimed at unlocking additional value. Fiscal year 2011 will be a transition year and the full impact of recent industry events will likely take several years to play out. During this period we are well positioned following our successful refinancing, new product offerings including our patented lower alkaloid burley tobaccos, alert® notification and data base management system and other value added products. Importantly, the dynamic situation we find ourselves in now creates opportunities for enhanced partnering with key customers, focusing on the styles and volumes they need for their product blends, as well as timing and traceability. Our initiatives are designed to anticipate and react to these strategic needs where our value added services and products should provide stability and profitability. Less volatility, a focused and disciplined approach towards managing our leverage, combined with effective management of the opportunities we see ahead of us, will enable our company to fully leverage our new platform and ultimately use these strengths to deliver enhanced shareholder confidence and value. Sincerely,

R. E. Harrison President & CEO

