FELLOW INVESTOR:
he results of our 2017 fiscal year tell two stories ­ one of a challenging past year, and the other relating to a positive future. Our Profit & Loss statement tells the story of how our Company was impacted by uncontrollable El Niño weather conditions, which dramatically affected crop sizes, volumes, yields, quality, cost and earnings in Brazil, the United States and Tanzania, but which was partly offset by improvements in many other origins through crop size, improved sales and efficiencies. Conversely, our balance sheet tells the story of the long-term health of Alliance One. Uncommitted inventories at year-end were at a seven-year low, total inventories were reduced and receivables were down as well, generating $253.6 million of cash. Our yearend cash balance improved to $473.1 million. Total full service volumes sold this year were consistent with last year at 381.4 million kilos that included planned increased prior crop inventory sales. These effects, when combined with Turkish and other regions' sales that have been pushed to next year based on the timing of crops and shipments, resulted in sales and other operating revenues decreasing by 10.0% to $1,714.7 million from the prior year. Net loss was $62.9 million while Adjusted EBITDA was $136.6 million at 8.0% of sales. As indicated previously, we utilize surplus cash to reduce long-term debt, and during March and April 2017 we purchased and cancelled approximately $57.1 million of our Senior Secured Second Lien Notes, leaving $662.9 million outstanding after the April purchases. We remain confident in our targets to reduce our more expensive longterm debt with surplus cash by $25.0-$50.0 million per year. Our liquidity position is strong and in line with internal expectations at $852.9 million as of March 31, 2017, comprised of cash and $379.8 million of available credit lines. Looking ahead, global market conditions are positive and early weather patterns support better global growing conditions. Based on current conditions, our internal forecast anticipates significantly increased full-service and processing volumes, improved sales and pricing, as well as improved adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2018 when compared to last year. Sales are anticipated to be in a range of $1,900.0 million to $2,000.0 million with Adjusted EBITDA in a range of $165.0 -$185.0 million.

T

Fiscal year 2018 is off to a strong start. As crop sizes return to more normal levels in key markets, the impact of our strategic initiatives should become more apparent. We are seeing better growing conditions in key markets where we are currently buying. With improved customer demand in those same markets, we plan to sell these purchases this fiscal year. Alliance One is well-positioned to address complex industry dynamics as our customers work to simplify their supply chains and drive positive change in nicotine consumption habits with reduced risk products. Our global programs, aimed at improving farmer sustainability and reducing negative environmental impact, are a brand differentiator and offer customers a sense of assurance that t eir leaf is produced sustainably. As th th t e industr t y continues to evolve, responsible crop production is essential to our customers and Alliance One. Sustainability and traceability are key elements of our plan to cost-effectively secure the leaf supply for our customers. In each origin where we operate, we strive to ensure grower economic viability, improve working conditions for those involved in crop production and minimize negative environmental impact. This past year, we continued implementation of our Agricultural Labor Practices program. An independent third-party evaluated our programs in three origins, Brazil, Indonesia and Malawi, and confirmed our positive progress. We remain focused on transitioning growers away from unsustainable curing fuel sources and are proud that we recently surpassed the 163 million mark for number of trees planted worldwide. Our talented employees continue to develop cost-effective, innovative solutions that are driving our business forward. We are taking the necessary steps to further strengthen our preferred supplier position and leverage the better growing conditions and improved demand in key markets. Our continued focus on strategic plan execution is anticipated to enhance shareholder value. valu

Mark ark W. Kehaya Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pi t Sikkel Sikk l Pieter President and Chief Executive Officer

