  quality
 The creation of Alliance One brings together more than 200 years of combined experience and expertise, establishing a formidable competitor with a clear focus on our customers, a vision for the future and multiple opportunities.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
As many of you may notice, a new identity, Alliance One International, Inc., distinguishes this year’s annual report to shareholders. Our new name and logo reflect the successful merger in May of this year between Standard Commercial Corporation and DIMON Incorporated. What began as informal discussions in late 2003 and early 2004 has ultimately come to fruition through the creation of a truly global strategic leaf merchant, with significant benefits for all our stakeholders.
I am delighted to have Robert E. (“Pete”) Harrison join me in writing our annual report letter to shareholders. Together, we are pleased to take this opportunity to update you on our progress as Alliance One, and to share with you our positive vision for the future.
When we first started talking about the considerable potential that a merger between our two companies would have, both management teams had already separately undertaken strategic restructuring initiatives to better align our respective businesses with the substantial changes taking place in the leaf tobacco processing industry. These changes included the increasingly globalized nature of the business, increasing consolidation among tobacco manufacturers,
and a combination of a shift in tobacco leaf sourcing with over-capacity in
certain origin markets. In discussing our respective initiatives and the range of
market scenarios, we kept arriving at the same key conclusion: We would be far
better positioned to deal with these issues by combining our strengths to
achieve far more than either company could ever hope to do standing alone.
Both companies have a proud heritage, unique strategic strengths and talented employees who know the business inside and out. A merger that leverages and combines this competitive foundation was the best way to ensure profitable growth and long-term value creation in an evolving industry.
The creation of Alliance One brings together more than 200 years of combined experience and expertise, establishing a formidable competitor with a clear focus on our customers, a vision for the future and multiple opportunities, including:
 • The opportunity for our combined company to capitalize on our scale, footprint and strategy;
• The opportunity to set the industry standard for value and service to customers by 1 uniting the very best from both of our organizations, including outstanding people and
superior systems; and,
 ALLIANCE ONE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
      
Beyond superior customer service, the overarching goal that has guided our thinking and strategy is to enhance shareholder value.
    BRIAN J. HARKER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 • A unique and exciting opportunity to refocus and reposition our company to redefine our role in a very dynamic industry. Together, we have a unique opportunity to build an even stronger alliance with our customers, as a true supply chain partner, with the requisite scale, expertise and resources.
MERGER INTEGRATION
Beyond superior customer service, the overarching goal that has guided our thinking and strategy is to enhance shareholder value. To that end, we would like to share with you what we have accomplished in our merger integration process thus far.
Planning to integrate these companies on a global basis has touched every facet of our operations, and now that the merger has closed, the implementation phase of the project is in high gear. The significant progress made in this regard is a testimony to the hard work, dedication, professionalism and patience of our employees around the world. Literally hundreds of employees assisted in integration planning to ensure that our merger and integration are as seamless as possible. Other employees contributed simply by staying on task and keeping the businesses up and running while their colleagues were being pulled away by integration activities. Whatever their individual roles were, their efforts and their perseverance are gratefully acknowledged. We would not have arrived at this point without them. We recognize, too, that this continues to be a period of uncertainty for employees. Change is never easy, and we are all going to be dealing with change in the years ahead.
Since January of this year, with the assistance of an independent consultant, we established a series of integration design teams across each regional and functional area. These teams were staffed by employees from both DIMON and Standard and in all nearly three hundred people world- wide were actively involved in planning for the merger. These teams reviewed both companies’ financial and operating statistics, assessed our respective processing facilities and regional and corporate offices and identified potential redundant staffing.
The regional integration design teams have assessed each of DIMON’s and Standard’s processing facilities around the world and identified countries in which there will be duplicative facilities and/or excess capacity. As a result, six facilities are expected to be closed or converted to storage. The integration teams’ executives are continuing to identify facilities to be closed or converted, with timing based on the local tobacco season. The plan also reviewed regional and corporate offices. As a result of closures and redundancies, headcount reductions for the combined company are expected to be significant, with a potential reduction in our global workforce of approximately 16%. In all, we anticipate achieving more than $60 million in anticipated annual pre-tax cost savings in a manner that supports our
operations, our customers and affected employees.
  2
  2005 ANNUAL REPORT
  
 strength
ROBERT E. HARRISON
President and Chief Operating Officer
REGIONS AND MARKETS
As we look ahead, we see continuing challenges in
the worldwide marketplace. We believe that global supply and demand for leaf tobacco continue to be substantially balanced, but there are indications that production forecasts, if achieved, could exceed global customer demand. In addition, the continuing weakness of the U.S. dollar against the Brazilian real will increase costs and put margins under pressure, while the cost of doing business in Brazil is impacted by the change to the ICMS tax
regime. We are working to reverse these recent changes.
In Africa, the political and economic situation continues to deteriorate in Zimbabwe. We are
indebted to our local management and employees who continue to make a positive contribution there despite the very adverse conditions. The strong performance of our operations in Tanzania and elsewhere in the region have continued to serve as a counterbalance to the challenges resulting from what is happening in Zimbabwe.
The Asian region continues to grow in importance and we will continue to focus on this area, allocating further resources as appropriate in expanding our operations to meet the growing needs of our customers.
European operations are being adversely affected by a combination of a strong euro, changes to the Common Agricultural Policy – including a move to decouple agricultural subsidies from the actual growing of leaf tobacco – and the shifting of production between competing growing areas in the region. Some restructuring has already been undertaken and further initiatives are to be anticipated as we continue to rationalize our operations post-merger to achieve greater
efficiencies and further reduce costs.
The United States continues to see declining
demand for U.S. grown leaf tobacco, which remains uncompetitive in world markets. These projected declining processing volumes necessitated reducing
processing capacity and our decision to close two of our four processing facilities in the U.S.
Our dark air-cured operations have been impacted by an oversupply of cigar filter tobacco as well as unfavorable weather related growing conditions in Northern Brazil that affected leaf quality. We are in the process of reviewing and rationalizing operations to improve efficiencies and
further reduce costs.
Despite these challenges, many opportunities exist for the new Alliance One. In addition to
merger cost savings, our integration process is identifying our best run and most strategically placed
facilities, the best practices across systems and processes, and the service programs our customers
value most. We have a two-year timeframe to realize the full benefits from our merger and we are 3
Together, we have a unique opportunity to build an even stronger alliance with our customers, as a true supply chain partner, with the requisite scale, expertise and resources.
ALLIANCE ONE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

      4
BRIAN J. HARKER
Chairman and Chief Executive Off er
ROBERT E. HARRISON
President and Chief Operating Officer
  2005 ANNUAL REPORT
   off to a very strong start. When this process is concluded, we believe that we will offer our customers a unique experience and partnership bridging the entire supply chain that is unrivaled in our industry.
LOOKING FORWARD
As we move forward, we are guided by our recognition of the fact that enhanced shareholder value is built on industry leadership in value and differentiated, superior service to customers.
In the near to medium term, we intend to maintain a strong capital base and access to sufficient short-term and long-term debt funding as part of the superior financial performance that we seek. Our focus for the next eighteen months will be on debt reduction through improved earnings, accelerated realization of savings and synergies and more effective utilization of working capital. At the same time, we plan to move rapidly to a more conservative debt-equity ratio.
Longer-term, we are optimistic about the benefits from our merger and integration actions that we expect to accrue. While it is too early at this point to fully quantify the benefits, we expect that facility consolidation and our strategic sourcing discipline will further benefit our cost structure over time.
We remain committed to our customer focused strategy, which we are confident will position us to enhance our already strong relationships and allow us to grow with our customers. In short, we will continue to focus our attention and resources on those origins that are growing in market importance, and on delivering outstanding customer service, exercising expense discipline, and delivering the full benefits of the merger.
We want to once again thank all our employees worldwide for their outstanding efforts. We also thank our customers for their support of the merger and for their feedback which is invaluable in defining Alliance One and refining our strategy.
Finally, no summary of achievements in such a critical year for our combined company would be complete without proper thanks to the individual Directors of DIMON Incorporated and Standard Commercial Corporation, who over the many months of the merger transaction, devoted extraordinary time and energy to the task of guiding the merger to successful completion. Let us recognize and thank those directors from both companies who retired from their respective boards on May 13, 2005 with the closing of the merger. We thank the following retired directors for the guidance, wisdom and inspiration they contributed to the
successful merger process and the creation of Alliance One:
Hans B. Amell; R. Stuart Dickson; Henry F. Frigon; James E.
Johnson, Jr.; Thomas F. Keller; H. Carl McCall; Robert A.
Sheets; William R. Slee; and William A. Ziegler.
  ic
