Dear Fellow Investor:
closed out last year's shareholder letter to you by saying that turning the profitability corner was the key milestone of last year's results, following the wide ranging challenges we've faced since the merger. I also highlighted that our task then, as it still remains, was to build upon that base and begin to deliver superior results to our shareholders and as a consequence, with the proper foundation established, I believed we were well positioned to accomplish this. The key ingredient to continued progress is execution of our plans through exceptional effort and dedication of our colleagues around the globe, working in partnership with our large and diverse customer base. Our overall message is one of quiet belief in AOI's ability to truly make a difference on the global stage of supply and demand, balancing the needs of our farmer base and those of our consumers against a pretty turbulent backdrop. AOI's results are finally beginning to deliver real value and your decision to stick with us as investors has proven to be the correct one. While our improved results are still not being reflected in our stock price, we believe continued solid performance ultimately will translate to improved shareholder value. Marked improvements were achieved in virtually every performance area despite a weak dollar that persisted for most of the fiscal year. Sales and revenue were up over 12%, rising to $2.3 billion on 9% less trading volume due principally to a weather related smaller South American crop. Gross margin increased to $359.5 million or 43.5% versus the prior year, with gross margin as a percentage of sales returning to a more normalized rate of 15.9%. SG&A declined further to $154.3 million and is at its lowest level since the merger, reflecting our ongoing expense discipline

I

and continued strategic review of all operations to ensure they are "right sized" for the business today and sufficient for tomorrow. Taken together your Company's fully diluted earnings per share rose to $1.49 for the full year ­ a new high water mark. To give our results some context it is important to understand the turbulence faced in their achievement. Firstly, they were executed in an incredibly volatile foreign exchange environment with the first half of the year being the most challenging, and occurring during the height of the South American purchasing and selling season. Fortunately, we remained focused and disciplined with our hedging programs that helped to protect profitability. Secondly, our global supply and demand models predicted impending disequilibrium in a number of markets where demand was anticipated to be greater than supply. The reasons were as varied as the weather, supply shifts caused by rapidly rising commodity prices, competing crops and farmer returns that had fallen to unsustainable levels. The bottom line was clear; tobacco supply was going to be tight and this would translate into higher costs and rising prices. Fortunately, we were able to successfully navigate through the various selling seasons globally, in close consultation

Our overall message is one of quiet belief in AOI's ability to truly make a difference on the global stage of supply and demand, balancing the needs of our farmer base and those of our consumers against a pretty turbulent backdrop.

Capital structure, business model, stable end-market demand and a great global team of dedicated professionals all came together this year as "One," which should augur well for the future.

while end-market demand for their products has been consistently resilient throughout economic cycles and despite government regulation. AOI's capabilities in product integrity, traceability, seed technology, field research and the AlertTM on demand compliance data management system are all tools for a dynamic business environment which differentiates AOI and should enhance the future order pipeline. As this year was only the fourth year since our merger I am pleased to report that we've continued the trend of producing stable top-line growth and margin improvement while consistently deleveraging our balance sheet. Since the merger our net leverage has fallen from 8.6 times to 3.6 times, while our interest coverage has steadily improved from 1.2 times to 2.5 times. On the back of this year's results we were recently able to completely re-finance our capital structure and extend the bulk of our long term fixed rate debt maturities out to 2016, enabling us to focus further on growing the business and shareholder value enhancement. Capital structure, business model, stable endmarket demand and a great global team of dedicated professionals all came together this year as "One," which should augur well for the future. I also want to express my appreciation on behalf of all Alliance One employees to our customers who made this possible and assure them that we remain committed to ensuring that they have the best possible products and service we can offer. Sincerely,

with our large multi-national customer base, to fulfill their orders and ensure their supply security. Farmer returns began to improve, helping to offset their increased cost, while working to ensure a sustainable supply base. As to our business model, it is useful to remember that your company is a key strategic supply chain partner to the world's largest multinational tobacco manufacturers. AOI provides a vital link through its global grower community to source tobacco from over 45 countries and process these tobaccos through a network of 50 owned or third party facilities to be sold to customers in approximately 90 countries. Operating in as many countries as we do requires immense global coordination as well as intense local knowledge and AOI has a highly motivated and professional global workforce. To enhance this coordination we are in the process of installing SAP and have a large portion of our business up and running already, with the balance to be accomplished over a two year period. We are already seeing some efficiency and productivity gains as we are using this roll-out as an opportunity to challenge our current practices and enhance them through the implementation process. Another key point to bear in mind with our model is that our global customer base is large and stable,

R. E. Harrison President & CEO

www.global-reports.com

