2APR200413262383
2016 Annual Shareholder Letter To Our Shareholders: Aon's 2015 results reflect strong performance in a year of substantial volatility driven by macroeconomic factors and industry headwinds. Our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions businesses grew as we helped our clients develop solutions to address two of the most important issues facing the global economy today: risk and people. In 2015, our industry-leading platform delivered eight percent earnings growth despite macroeconomic and industry-specific headwinds, highlighted by solid growth and significant operational improvement in both businesses, as well as effective capital management. We remained focused on delivering value to our clients and continued to invest in content and client serving capabilities across both businesses; including strategic investments in data and analytics, investment consulting, Software-as-a- Service and health care exchanges. In addition to significant investments that will drive long-term growth, the firm returned $1.9 billion of capital to shareholders in 2015 through share repurchase and dividend payments. Aon's success as a firm is a direct result of the dedication and efforts of our 72,000 colleagues around the world. Their continued focus on execution and delivering value enables Aon to empower economic and human possibility for clients, colleagues and communities around the world. Overall, we delivered another year of substantial progress against our three strategic objectives: providing distinctive value to our clients; attracting, developing and retaining the best talent; and delivering operational excellence. Our most significant accomplishments in 2015 include:  Strengthened our industry-leading platforms providing primary risk insurance, reinsurance, and human resource consulting and outsourcing with unmatched talent and capabilities. Our performance reflects solid organic growth across our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions businesses despite a year of continued macro-economic and industry pressures in many markets around the globe.  Increased our operating margin by 50 basis points; highlighted by margin improvement of 70 basis points in Risk Solutions to a record 23.6% and margin improvement of 100 basis points in HR Solutions to a record 18.1%.  Delivered eight percent growth in net income per share attributable to Aon shareholders, including a significant unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation in the year due to the strength of the US Dollar against most major currencies. Excluding this impact, we delivered continued double-digit underlying earnings per share growth.  Generated record free cash flow of $1.7 billion driven by record cash flow from operations of $2.0 billion, enabling the return of $1.9 billion of capital to shareholders in 2015 through share repurchase and payment of dividends. As the chart below highlights, we have consistently

delivered strong free cash flow generation resulting in a 25 percent compound annual growth rate over the last six years.

Free Cash Flow ($ mil)
1,719 1,524 1,265 1,556

871 696 442

+

C 25%

AG

R

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

25APR201621280316
 As noted in the chart below, we have also consistently outperformed the S&P Index and our primary peer set, delivering double-digit annualized total returns over the last decade.

Annualized Total Returns (CAGR %)
25%
20%

AON

Peers

S&P Index

20%

18% 16% 14% 11% 10% 10% 10% 8% 4% 5%

15%

13%

10%

5%

0% 3-years 5-years 8-years 10-years 25APR201621530812

Aon has a strong track record of developing innovative solutions to help solve client challenges and create differentiated value in response to client needs. Solid long-term operating performance, combined with expense discipline and strong free cash flow generation, continues to enable substantial investment in colleagues and capabilities around the globe. These investments have and should continue to enable Aon to drive sustainable long-term growth while building operating leverage into the business. Aon's industry-leading platform continues to evolve to address clients' changing needs and strategic priorities with innovative, first-to-market solutions and unmatched advisory capability.

 We are investing in client leadership with the firm wide roll-out of Aon Client Promise, a unified approach to client service across Aon, to drive greater consistency, quality and client value.  We continue to invest in growing Aon's global footprint through targeted acquisitions, such as Kloud, that increase scale in emerging markets or expand capability to better serve clients.  We are expanding our international footprint to support a global workforce, with investments in key talent and capabilities across emerging markets. In Risk Solutions:  We continue to invest in innovative technology such as Aon InPoint, the world's leading global database of risk and insurance placement information, providing fact-based insight into over $160 billion of global premium flow and now supporting over three million trades. We have a growing client list of insurance carriers utilizing the platform for its industry-leading analytics and services capabilities, as well as strategic consulting services.  We have made an unmatched level of investment in Aon Benfield's data and analytics capabilities to strengthen the long-term value proposition and the level of powerful insight that we can provide to clients. This includes Aon Benfield ReView, a reinsurer dashboard and strategic consulting to help reinsurers be more effective markets for ceding company clients.  We launched Aon Client Treaty, the largest ever underwritten portfolio of risk in the history of Lloyd's; an undertaking of data & analytics looking at 64,000 policy transactions, 120 different classes of business and over 157 countries and territories. Since launching, we have received impressive feedback from clients, bound coverage in every major geography and generated incremental new business. In HR Solutions:  We are expanding solutions to de-risk pension plans and support increasing needs for delegated investment solutions, which fulfill our clients' needs for more efficient and effective execution of their investment strategies; a strong area of growth where assets under management have grown from $10 billion to roughly $70 billion in five years.  As part of our comprehensive portfolio of health solutions covering the full spectrum of benefit strategies, client size and funding choices, we further increased our footprint in the private health exchange market for active employees and retirees. Across Aon's suite of private health exchanges, we enrolled roughly 1.4 million lives across 150 clients in 2015, reflecting solid double-digit growth  We continue to offer a full spectrum of SaaS Business Process Outsourcing capabilities, including up-front HR effectiveness consulting, implementation and ongoing administration services, as well as the expansion of our capabilities to include financial implementations.  We are investing in our Talent & Rewards business, as we are seeing strong demand for data & analytics to support increasing organizational change. Looking Ahead: As we move through 2016, we are on course to drive greater scale, increased operating leverage and significant free cash flow generation from these investments. We are also uniquely positioned with significant leverage to an improving global economy, increased interest rates and improvement in insurance pricing. We are on a path to achieve more than $2.4 billion in free cash flow for the full year 2017, driven by continued operational and working capital improvements, as well as declining uses of cash for pensions, restructuring and capital expenditures. With line of sight into these key drivers and a record $2.0 billion cash flow from operations in 2015, we are well on track to achieve this impressive feat. Free

cash flow of $2.4 billion is not our end goal, as further long-term sustainable free cash flow will be driven by continued operating income growth and additional working capital initiatives beyond 2017. We have never been better aligned with our clients' strategic priorities. We are delivering solutions and creating business value across our client platforms including risk, retirement and health, which will continue to drive sustainable long-term revenue growth in the years to come. We take great pride in empowering results for our clients but are equally as proud of the social impact we make--by changing lives around the world, and empowering economic and human possibility. This is a great time to be a part of Aon. Thank you for the continued faith and trust you have placed in our Board of Directors and management team. Your support is critical, and we will continue to work hard to not just meet but exceed your expectations. I hope you share my confidence in the view that continued success lies ahead for Aon in 2016 and beyond.

7APR200514080151
Greg Case President and Chief Executive Officer

