 To Our Stockholders:
Our firm finished 2010 with a solid performance, reflecting continued momentum across our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions segments as we focus on delivering value to clients around two of the most important issues facing the global economy today: risk and people. This could not have occurred without the tremendous work achieved by our more than 59,000 Aon colleagues around the world who performed admirably in serving our clients despite continued pressures from a soft insurance pricing market and fragile global economy.
I particularly want to thank Russ Fradin and our Hewitt colleagues who joined us on October 1. Our integration team, led by Russ Fradin and Greg Besio, accomplished a tremendous amount of work over a 10-week period since our announcement on July 12 to bring together Aon Consulting and Hewitt Associates. While there is still much work to be done, it was truly an amazing experience to watch our teams achieve such progress and at the same time provide a seamless transition for our clients and colleagues.
The feedback and support for Aon Hewitt has been exceptional across middle market, large corporate and Fortune 100 clients. Aon Hewitt already has secured a number of new business wins across multiple product lines as clients fully realize the breadth and scope of Aon Hewitt’s product and service capabilities.
Irrespective of a soft market, difficult global economic conditions, or other challenges outside our control, our Aon colleagues are delivering strong results and helping us execute on our strategy to strengthen and unite our firm around the globe. As a result, Aon is now the global leader in insurance and reinsurance brokerage, human resource consulting and outsourcing solutions.
Aon is in a unique position. Solid operational performance, combined with strong expense discipline and cash flow generation, continues to allow us to make substantial investments in colleagues and capabilities and create value for our stockholders. We will continue to build on our leadership position and industry-leading capabilities to identify and capture growth opportunities across our markets. Our balance sheet and strong cash flow continue to provide excellent liquidity and significant financial flexibility, as we drive value creation through improved business results, and effective capital management.
In 2010 we accomplished a number of goals against our three strategic objectives: continue to deliver distinctive value to our clients, attract and retain unmatched talent, and deliver operational excellence.
Our most significant accomplishments for 2010 include the following:
• We further strengthened our industry-leading position as the #1 intermediary of primary risk insurance and #1 intermediary of reinsurance.
• With the combination of Aon Consulting and Hewitt Associates to form Aon Hewitt, we created the #1 human resource consulting and outsourcing firm with unmatched talent and capabilities.
• We improved operating margin 430 basis points in our Risk Solutions business, moving us closer to our long-term target of 25%.
• We continue to be on track with our 2007 and Aon Benfield restructuring programs. At the end of 2010, we had incurred 98% of the charges, yet approximately $82 million of incremental savings under these programs will be recognized by the end of 2011.
• We continued to invest in the future of our firm through 23 other acquisitions in 2010, including J.P. Morgan Compensation and Benefits Strategies, as well as expanding our international
2APR200413262383

footprint through acquisitions such as Italian brokerage firm Rasini & Vigano, and the announced acquisition of Glenrand in South Africa, which when closed, will strengthen Aon’s position as the largest broker on the continent of Africa.
• We are investing in innovative technology such as our Global Risk Insight Platform (GRIP) and FAConnect to ensure that our clients have seamless access to the best of Aon in every region of the world. Highlighting the unique value of GRIP, we now have completed over 850,000 trades, captured more than $50 billion of premium, and we continue to expand GRIP’s addressable market opportunity.
• We continue to invest in client leadership to drive greater productivity and efficiency with the roll-out of the Revenue Engine in Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific; Client Promise, which is driving greater retention rates and ensuring that clients understand Aon’s value proposition in a fully transparent manner; and our Aon Broking platform to better match client needs with insurer appetite for risk, where premium placement is ambivalent to geography.
• We launched our global partnership and shirt sponsorship with the Manchester United Football Club, the #1 brand in the world’s #1 sport. The partnership is serving as an amplifier for uniting our firm, increasing brand exposure and creating both excitement and opportunity for clients, prospects and colleagues around the world.
• Lastly, we returned $425 million of excess capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and payment of dividends on common stock, highlighting our strong cash flow generation and effective allocation of capital.
Whether it is political unrest in the Middle East, earthquakes in Chile, or flooding in Australia, the magnitude, scope and complexity of risk is increasing, both in terms of traditional risk such as property, casualty or directors and officers’ liability, and non-traditional risk such as terrorism and pandemic.
And on the people side of risk, clients continue to tell us that next to ‘‘growth,’’ their most critical issue is ‘‘talent.’’ This is particularly true when you consider the fact that as many as 35 million Americans may be uninsured by 2016 or that less than 40% of all baby boomers are prepared for retirement. As they have emerged from the economic recession, companies are also facing record-low employee engagement levels, a volatile and complex investment environment and rapidly rising health care costs, which makes attracting and retaining a present and productive workforce an even more pressing need.
However, Aon has tremendous capability and unmatched resources to support our clients in these times. In fact, because of our global network and our ability to deliver global capability on a local level, we are better equipped than ever to help our clients. Our portfolio of Risk Solutions and HR Solutions businesses is extraordinary. Our talent and capabilities are exceptional.
Our business mix gives us the financial strength and flexibility to invest in our businesses and in our clients and colleagues. Over the past two years we have completed the two largest combinations in the history of our firm. In 2008 we partnered with the Benfield Group to create Aon Benfield, a true powerhouse in the global reinsurance space. And in 2010 we brought together Aon Consulting with Hewitt Associates.
Today, our business is focused about 60% on risk and 40% on people. That is quite a dramatic change from just three years ago when approximately a third of our business was in lower-margin, capital-intensive insurance underwriting businesses. To get to this point we have made significant and specific investments in a number of important areas; including training, technology, talent and brand. For example, Aon Benfield invests approximately $100 million every year in analytics which helps to deliver distinctive value to clients.
It is investments such as these that will further strengthen our ability to better serve our clients and increase value for stockholders. We are making these investments within the context of our ongoing margin improvement efforts. As we continue to add to our global network and capabilities, we

are removing inefficiencies and costs from non-client facing areas. This is allowing us to make significant investments in our business and our people while delivering continued margin improvement.
In closing, the next five years at Aon will be instrumental in how we grow and position our firm for the next 50 years. Our industry is at an important crossroad in our history, and Aon has the unique capability to emerge as a true global leader in risk management and human resource consulting and outsourcing. We have the collective strength of more than 59,000 global colleagues and we have invested greatly in our global platform.
Thanks to my colleagues, we are better equipped than ever to serve our clients. Our Risk Solutions and HR Solutions segments are competing in the marketplace and doing a great job. Our portfolio of innovative products and services is extraordinary. Our talent and capabilities are second to none, and we have the financial strength and flexibility to make the investments we need to grow as a firm and build long-term value for our stockholders.
This is an exciting time to be part of Aon. I am extremely privileged to be part of this team, and believe that continued success lies ahead for our firm in 2011 and beyond.
7APR200514080151
Gregory C. Case
President and Chief Executive Officer
 