LETTER TO

SHAREHOLDERS
Last year proved to be one of the most challenging ­ and disappointing ­ years in recent company history as we fell short of our earnings and return objectives. We entered 2004 focused on three major initiatives intended to improve the profitability of our company:
 First, take advantage of Electrical Products' improved

cost structure following the completion of their manufacturing repositioning actions;
 Second, obtain a full year of improved residential

water heater pricing that came about because of the extensive product redesigns necessary to comply with flammable vapor ignition resistant (FVIR) standards and National Appliance Energy Conservation Act (NAECA) regulations;
 And finally, benefit from the rationalization of Water

Systems' North American manufacturing operations. Taken together, we estimated these initiatives would generate pre-tax earnings of approximately $35 million. We are pleased to report that the company was successful in achieving these objectives and, in some cases, we exceeded the cost-saving targets that were established. Under normal circumstances, we would have achieved the company's earnings objective.

From left to right: Robert J. O'Toole Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul W. Jones President and Chief Operating Officer

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

2004 $1,653.1 35.4 1.18 .62 48.4 19.91 29.7

2003 $1,530.7 52.2 1.76 .58 48.6 19.95 29.2

Change + 8.0% ­ 32.2% ­ 33.0% + 6.9% ­ 0.4% ­ 0.2% + 1.7%

Net sales Net earnings Diluted earnings per common share Cash dividends per common share Capital expenditures Book value per common share as of December 31 Common shares outstanding as of December 31

1

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Unfortunately, two issues not only prevented us from achieving our target, but negatively affected 2004 profits. The first was lingering inefficiencies we experienced in our water heater manufacturing operations that lasted through the first nine months of the year. In retrospect, the multiple changes these operations absorbed over the last two years proved to be more substantial than we anticipated. Thanks to ongoing efforts by Water Systems' manufacturing organization, our operations had returned to normal operating levels by the end of 2004. The second and more significant issue was the unprecedented increases we sustained in material costs and freight throughout 2004. These cost increases were not just unexpected, they were historic in their scope and magnitude. Steel prices more than doubled between January and December 2004, while copper prices increased approximately 70 percent and freight cost rose more than 30 percent. The company took aggressive actions in the face of this challenge, increasing prices twice during the first half of the year. Material costs, however, continued to surge upwards, and we were forced to announce a third price increase scheduled to take effect January 1. While the timing gave our customers an opportunity to plan ahead, it had a negative effect on our profits throughout the second half of the year. Going into 2005, we are confident that the important actions we took to overcome the many obstacles of 2004 have put the company into a much better competitive position. While we expect material and freight costs will persist at high levels for the foreseeable future, we believe we have a pricing model in place that accommodates these increased costs. Our divisions have worked very closely with their customers, and at this early date, improved pricing has held. Our manufacturing operations are running much more efficiently as we put last year's disruptions behind us, and this allows them to renew their focus on further reducing cost, cutting inventories, and improving cycle times. We also will continue to benefit from our growing presence in China. Our water heater operations experienced record-setting performance again in 2004, and output from our motor plants in China grew impressively last year. For more on the results of our China initiative, please turn to a special section beginning on page 7. To address the growing complexity of our increasingly global markets, the company created a new senior-level corporate executive position earlier this year. This senior vice president will be responsible for developing and implementing a global sourcing strategy, developing and implementing a global logistics and distribution strategy, as well as leading corporate programs aimed at improving customer relationships. We are pleased to announce that Ron Massa, one of our most experienced executives and someone who is known and respected throughout the industry, has been selected for this challenging new assignment. Taking Ron's place as President of Water Systems is Ajita Rajendra. Ajita brings more than 25 years of operations, finance, and executive management experience to this position. Also, in September, we announced the appointment of Chris Mapes as President of Electrical Products. Chris has extensive global experience in the electric motor industry and on the supplier side of the business. We are confident these talented executives will help our operating units continue to grow throughout the world. There is no question that A. O. Smith Corporation's number one objective for 2005 is to improve its profitability, and the entire organization is committed to seeking substantial improvement. While the last two years have been extremely difficult, we remain confident that we have the products, low-cost manufacturing capabilities, and the quality people needed to remain competitive in this rapidly changing business environment. Together, these attributes should enable A. O. Smith to increase earnings this year and to continue to improve profits and returns in the future.

Robert J. O'Toole Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Paul W. Jones President and Chief Operating Officer

2

