About the cover: Whether it's a hot shower, a relaxing whirlpool bath, or your warm and inviting home, A. O. Smith products help provide "a world of comfort and convenience."

L e t t e r t o t h e S h a re h o l d e rs
While "historic" is a term that tends to be overused, 2006 definitely was a memorable year of accomplishment for A. O. Smith and its employees. We achieved our financial objectives with record-setting sales, profits, and earnings per share and exceeded $2 billion in sales for the first time in our history. In April, the company successfully concluded the largest acquisition in its history with the purchase of GSW Inc. Our water heater operation in China continued its impressive growth, generating sales of more than $120 million ­ a 40 percent year-over-year increase ­ and solidifying A. O. Smith's position as the number two water heater brand in that country.

This is not to say that everything went our way in 2006. Our operating units continued to struggle with unrelenting high prices for raw materials, most notably copper and steel. Freight costs, influenced by record-setting oil prices, also created challenges. During the third and fourth quarters, the slowdown in the U. S. housing market impacted a number of our electric motor markets and, to a lesser extent, the residential water heater market segment. While these were certainly issues that consumed a great deal of time and effort, the positives far out-weighed the negatives in terms of A. O. Smith's overall 2006 performance.

Water Products. At nearly $1.3 billion in sales, our Water Products unit is now North America's largest manufacturer
and marketer of residential and commercial water heaters. Our legacy business grew approximately eight percent last year due to improvements in the commercial and residential markets, and record-setting performance in China; while the GSW acquisition contributed more than $360 million in sales. Water Products' operating profit improved 54 percent in 2006. The GSW acquisition, China, and ongoing improvements in our operations contributed to the record profits. Water Products' operating margin of 9.7 percent improved over the prior year as well.

Letter to the Shareholders [ c o n t i n u e d ]
China remains an important part of our growth strategy, and to meet customer demand, we completed the first phase of a major expansion of the Nanjing plant at the end of last year. With the completion of the second phase, scheduled for the second quarter of 2007, we will more than double our capacity in China. distribution (replacement motor) market segment. Electrical Products also benefited from a full year of sales from the Yueyang hermetic motor operation in China. Yueyang, which makes large hermetic motors and high-voltage products for commercial air conditioning applications, complements our existing commercial hermetic operations in Suzhou and gives us a sizable presence in the fast-growing Asian market. The April addition of GSW, which is made up of the American Water Heater Company in the U. S. and GSW Water Heating in Canada, does more than just increase the size of the business. In residential water heating, our company now enjoys a better balance between the wholesale and retail channels of distribution, and we have gained an important new retail customer in Lowe's®, the fastest-growing company in the home improvement industry. The addition of GSW significantly strengthens our presence in the Canadian residential water heater market and broadens access to the Canadian commercial market. Our Water Products team has done an outstanding job of integrating GSW into our business, and we are enthused about the future benefits that will result from this combination. The electric motor industry presents significant challenges due to increased global competition, customer consolidation, and high material and freight costs. We continued to refine our global manufacturing footprint throughout the year, announcing the transfer of production and closing of the McMinnville, Tennessee, and Taizhou, China, plants and the transfer of manufacturing from the Tipp City, Ohio facility. Operating profit increased $6 million, the result of lower restructuring charges and improved pricing, partially offset by lower unit volumes. Operating margin of 5.3 percent, while better than the prior year, is still not acceptable and will be the focus of our attention in 2007.

Optimizing the Core. Over the last 10 years, A. O. Smith has Electrical Products. The Electrical Products unit achieved
record sales of $906 million in 2006. We secured new business from a number of heating and air conditioning (HAC) customers and continued to see growth in the concentrated on growing the size and scale of its Water Products and Electrical Products divisions. Our emphasis this year will be on optimizing the business: reducing cost, streamlining processes, and eliminating waste. When you

Vi s i o n S t a t e m e n t
To be the global leader in applying innovative technology and energy-efficent solutions that provide comfort and convenience to life. · Delivering water solutions for your home and business · Powering everyday electrical products · Creating extraordinary value for stakeholders

examine the company's returns, it becomes clear that we are nowhere near our true profit potential, and the best means to achieve that potential is by addressing the issues that prevent us from operating as efficiently as we should. Optimizing the core in 2007 will involve actions such as reducing Selling, General, and Administrative (SG&A) and fixed overhead costs, eliminating multiple product designs and rationalizing components, consolidating multiple SKUs, continued emphasis on working capital management, and upgrading or replacing information systems to promote agility and customer service.
2.50

Net sales
(in billions)

2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 .50

$1.47
2002

$1.53
2003

$1.65
2004

$1.69
2005

$2.16
2006

Earnings per share
(in dollars)

The outlook for 2007 and beyond is positive. As I indicated in last year's letter, A. O. Smith must keep the

2.00 1.50

commitments it makes to its customers, employees, and shareholders. Our 2006 performance was certainly a step in the right direction, but our long-term success depends upon delivering sustained superior performance ­ continually improving as individuals and as a company. I know I speak for everyone at A. O. Smith when I say that we are excited about our company and the opportunities we see in 2007 and beyond.
Electrical products 42%
1.00 .50

$1.86
2002

$1.76
2003

$1.18
2004

$1.54
2005

$2.47
2006

Sales profile

Paul W. Jones Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Water products 58%

