Fellow Shareholders,
Strong execution across Apache's portfolio in 2018 resulted in our best financial performance in four years and put us in an excellent position for long-term value creation. We have a tremendous opportunity set with a deep inventory of development locations in each of our key operating areas and exciting exploration prospects both onshore and offshore. Apache is committed to delivering long-term returns and profitable growth that is competitive with large-cap companies both inside and outside of our industry. We are confident in our ability to achieve this through the cycle, while generating positive free cash flow and returning capital to investors.
John E. Lowe
Chairman of the Board
John J. Christmann IV
Chief Executive Officer and President
Key 2018 Highlights
• Grew Permian oil production 17 percent and total adjusted production 13 percent over 2017.
• Increased well productivity throughout the Permian Basin and reduced drilling and completions costs, offsetting many of the inflationary pressures of 2018.
• Formed Altus Midstream Company, an entity capable of independently funding ongoing midstream investments at Alpine High.
• Discovered the Garten Field in the North Sea in March 2018 and realized first oil in November, which increased our daily North Sea production to its highest level in two years.
• Received three concession awards in Egypt since mid-2017, comprising 2.2 million acres adjacent to our existing operational footprint and made tremendous progress on our large-scale, broadband, 3-D seismic acquisition and new prospect
identification program.
• Completed a comprehensive petroleum system assessment offshore Suriname, identifying multiple play concepts and mapping more than 50 significant drill-ready prospects on Block 58, which Apache owns 100 percent.
• Increased cash flow from operations 56 percent year over year, achieved cash return on invested capital that exceeded our plan target of 18 percent, and returned nearly
$1 billion, or 25 percent, of our cash flow from operations to investors through dividends, share repurchases and debt reduction.
Looking Ahead
We will continue to allocate capital with an objective of balancing near-term cash flow generation and sustainable, long-term returns. We are committed to maintaining capital discipline and will return at least 50 percent of any free cash flow generated above plan to our investors.
Our outlook for 2019 underscores the strength of Apache’s prior investments and diversified portfolio, as we plan to reduce upstream investment by 22 percent from 2018, while still delivering attractive production growth.
In the Permian Basin, we have made tremendous improvements in efficiency and productivity over the last three years. We are now producing at record levels, both in terms of total production and oil volumes, and we have accomplished this with far fewer rigs and significantly less capital than deployed during our prior production peak in late 2014.
In 2019, we are looking forward to a successful oil drilling program in the Midland Basin where we will leverage our existing infrastructure as well as our recent productivity gains to deliver strong returns and profitable growth.
At our Alpine High development, the creation of Altus Midstream in 2018 established an entity capable of funding all future Alpine High midstream investments and is enabling Apache to maintain control of the midstream infrastructure buildout in the area.
        2

                  Construction is ahead of schedule on three new cryogenic plants with a total of 600 million cubic feet per day of nameplate processing capacity to support natural gas liquids production in the play. With all three plants scheduled to come online in 2019, we will realize a significant uplift in cash margins and cash flow generation. After several years of upfront investment, Apache is well-positioned to deliver value on this vast resource play for many years to come.
Internationally, Egypt and the North Sea continue to serve as the cornerstones of our global portfolio, generating significant free cash flow for Apache.
466 Mboe/d
Reported Production
395 Mboe/d
Adjusted Production1
$4.87Billion
Adjusted EBITDAX2
$0.11
Diluted Earnings Per Share
$1.77
Adjusted Earnings Per Share2,3
(1) Excludes production attributable to Egypt tax barrels and noncontrolling interest and divestitures.
(2) For a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, please refer to our fourth-quarter 2018 earnings release.
(3) Includes $(0.24) per share of dry hole expense (net of tax).
 $
7.35 Billion
Oil and Gas Revenue
$3.75 Billion
Oil and Gas Capital Investment2
  This year, we will maintain our investment level and pace in the North Sea. In the Beryl area, we plan to bring the Storr discovery online and spud a second well at Garten, while our focus in the Forties Field will be on our waterflood and base production management program.
 In Egypt, we continue our advanced, large-scale seismic shoot, from which a substantial number of attractive new targets have been identified thus far. We have begun drilling exploration and delineation wells in each of our new concession areas, thereby laying the foundation for potential future growth.
Offshore Suriname, Apache owns 100 percent of Block 58, a truly world-class opportunity. We have completed a substantial geologic and geophysical evaluation of the block, which comprises 1.44 million acres and has a large number of high-quality prospects across multiple different play concepts. We look forward to spudding our first well in the block around mid-2019.
Overall, Apache can continue to deliver attractive and sustainable growth for many years under a reduced activity set, due to our high-quality, diversified portfolio, relatively low base production decline rate and continuous focus on improving capital investment efficiency. We have established a global platform for discovery and have a talented team hard at work identifying new potential exploration opportunities as we think about our long-term growth strategy. With a strong 2018 behind us, Apache has great momentum transitioning into 2019. We are executing on our strategy to sustain our international businesses for long-term free cash flow generation and focusing growth investment in the Permian Basin.
We thank you for your continued support and investment.
            Apache Corporation 2018 Summary Annual Report
3
John E. Lowe
Chairman of the Board
John J. Christmann IV
Chief Executive Officer and President
