feLLow share hoLders,
In the 57 years since Apache was established, CHANGE HAS BEEN CONSTANT: Wide swings in commodity prices, unsettled politics, evolving regulation and rapidly advancing technologies continually reshape the landscape of our industry. Confronting change without being swept away by it requires a firm foundation. At Apache, OUR FOUNDATION REMAINS THE SAME: our relentless pursuit of opportunity and dedication to our mission -- growing a profitable independent oil and gas company in a safe and environmentally responsible manner for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. Our progress comes through a combination of balance, growth and profitability. We have not linked Apache's future to a single play, region or commodity, but to a BALANCED PORTFOLIO of producing assets and large acreage positions in 10 core areas in six countries -- all in proven hydrocarbon basins. Our GROWTH comes by both capturing value on existing acreage and exploration in promising areas. The result is a sustained record of PROFITABILITY, enhanced by management systems that focus our team on rate of return and maximizing production through incentives based on measured results. In 2011, Apache delivered new records in several key metrics:
Production climbed 14 percent to 748,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We increased proved reserves to 3 billion boe, replacing 125 percent of production through drilling. Earnings increased 50 percent to $4.5 billion; earnings per share climbed 36 percent to $11.47 per diluted common share. Cash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities* surpassed $10 billion, up 39 percent.

What enables Apache's continued profitable growth is our team. OUR CULTURE empowers employees at every level of the organization to make decisions and achieve the company's goals. At Apache, people have a sense of ownership and the knowledge that no matter who comes up with ideas, the best answers win. From 3-D seismic to horizontal drilling and multi-stage well completions, Apache employs advanced technology to enhance the chances of exploration success and increase efficiency of our drilling programs. Our commitment to sustainability includes high standards for safe operations, creative solutions that minimize the impact of our operations on the environment, and support for the communities where we operate.
*Cash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities is a non-GAAP
measure. Please see reconciliations, page 11.

2

BALANCE
Portfolio management has long been a key Apache characteristic. Over the course of the last two years, we have strengthened Apache's portfolio through transactions totaling $14 billion that added oil and gas producing assets and acreage in eight of our 10 operating regions and diversified our production so that no single region contributes more than 22 percent of production. The most significant changes were in our onshore U.S. regions and Canada, which now represent 38 percent of production. In addition to their immediate impact on production and cash flow, these transactions also brought significant new undeveloped acreage that will provide drilling opportunities for decades to come.
PRODUCTION Our portfolio balance has multiple dimensions: North America and international; 50 percent of production from liquids and 50 percent from natural gas; conventional and unconventional resources; onshore and offshore; and fields with high initial production, rapid decline and early payout and others with long reserve life that will generate stable production and cash flow for many years. Today, Apache holds 41 million gross acres in 10 regions. Our experience demonstrates that these large acreage positions will continue to bring new opportunities as diverse as the Granite Wash, Tonkawa, Cleveland and Marmaton in the Anadarko basin, multiple formations in the Permian Basin, and deeper zones in Egypt's Western Desert. With solid core areas, we have opportunities to employ our capital in areas that provide the highest returns. REVENUE

17%

6% 22% 15% 31%

33%

28%

48%

N Amer Gas Intl Gas

N Amer Liquids Intl Liquids

N Amer Gas Intl Gas

N Amer Liquids Intl Liquids

2011 COMMODITY MIX
3

GROWTH
Since our inception in 1954, growth has been a part of Apache's DNA; 2011 was our 31st year of production growth of the last 33 years.
Throughout the history of oil and gas exploration and development, technology has played a central role in accessing new resources. In the 1990s, 3-D seismic revolutionized the hunt for oil and gas, and that technology continues to improve. In the last decade, the most significant advance was the coupling of horizontal drilling with hydraulic fracturing techniques that enable our industry to develop and produce resources otherwise trapped in shales and other low-permeability rocks. Apache is applying this technology worldwide. The combination of these two technologies has transformed the industry in the United States and Canada, unlocking more enormous natural gas resources. For be er or worse, this has created continuing downward pressure on North American gas prices. As a result, we are directing much of our capital toward horizontal drilling in areas where the targets are rich in higher-priced crude oil and natural gas liquids. For example, our Central Region ­ Apache's operations in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle ­ has moved almost completely from vertical wells targeting dry gas to a technology-driven operation drilling horizontal, multi-stage fracture-stimulation wells that enable Apache to access oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) trapped in tight rocks across the Anadarko basin. The Cordillera Energy Partners III acquisition, which we announced in January 2012, will bring substantial operations that include approximately 254,000 net acres, doubling our position in this prolific fairway. With more than 14,000 identified drilling locations, we plan to triple drilling activity in this area in 2012. With the completion of the Cordillera acquisition expected in the second quarter, Apache's Anadarko basin acreage is projected to total 1.6 million gross acres (837,000 net acres). Apache also acquired approximately 96,000 net acres in the Bivins Ranch area, a 200-square-mile block in the Whi enburg basin in Hartley, Oldham, Po er and Moore counties in the Texas Panhandle, immediately south of the prolific Panhandle Dolomite field and north of two 25-well Canyon Wash fields. This acreage play

4

is part of our program to explore in underdeveloped areas that can benefit from our technical expertise and financial capacity. Prior to Apache's entry in the area, just 21 wells had been drilled on the block located about 100 miles west of Apache's Anadarko basin properties. We were encouraged by our early drilling results ­ five oil producers from our first six vertical wells, each producing from 100 to 1,000 barrels per day ­ and we plan to expand our program in 2012 to include horizontal drilling. In the Permian Region, we ramped up activity on an asset base that now encompasses 3 million gross acres (1.5 million net) ­ the second-largest acreage position in the basin. We drilled and participated in 507 wells in 2011, and our currently identified inventory includes more than 10,000 future drilling locations across nearly every play area. Experience brings new efficiencies. We have cut drilling time in half at the Wolfcamp play in the Deadwood area in Glasscock County, Texas, enhancing the economics in a play encompassing 100,000 net acres that represents about half of Apache's Permian drilling activity. We have 30 rigs operating in the Permian, up from five in 2010, and we are in the early phase of applying horizontal drilling techniques in one of the most prolific oil-producing basins on Earth. We are pu ing horizontal drilling and completion technologies to work in Argentina, where Apache will continue to appraise an area in the Neuquén basin that is believed to be one of the largest shale resource basins outside North America.

Apache is applying other technologies to enhance the search for oil and gas across our global portfolio, including advanced seismic techniques that improve drilling results in mature basins. In the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and the Gulf Coast Onshore, new methods of processing 3-D seismic provide enhanced imaging and create many opportunities across Apache's acreage, including the largest position in Gulf waters of 600 feet or less. In the North Sea, Apache is employing advanced seismic technology and reservoir modeling to identify high-impact drilling targets in the Forties Field. Our drilling program has been driven by 4-D seismic, which uses a sequence of 3-D surveys to gain an enhanced view of the movement of oil through this prolific reservoir. Since acquiring Forties in 2003, Apache has invested $4 billion in drilling and new facilities to improve efficiency. We have produced approximately 180 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMboe), which exceeds the estimated proved reserves at the time of the purchase by 25 percent. At year-end 2011, remaining estimated proved reserves were 131 MMboe. Production averaged 54,000 boe per day in 2011. The acquisition of ExxonMobil's Mobil North Sea Limited, completed at year-end 2011, was the first expansion of our North Sea position since 2003 and fortified our operations beyond Forties to include operating interests in the Beryl, Nevis, Ness, Nevis South, Skene and Buckland fields, the Beryl/Brae gas pipeline and the SAGE

104.3

45.9

60.2

25.2

20.0

17.5

1290

765

292

329

197

EGYPT

CANADA

AUSTRALIA

CANADA

EGYPT

NORTH SEA

ARGENTINA

AUSTRALIA

NORTH SEA

UNITED STATES

TOTAL 273.1

(million Boe)

TOTAL 2990

UNITED STATES

(million Boe)

2011 PRODUCTION

2011 PROVED RESERVES
5

ARGENTINA

117

gas plant. These are the best North Sea assets we have evaluated since acquiring Forties. The fields have significant remaining life, high production efficiency, quality reservoirs and a portfolio of exploitation projects. Our goal is to replicate our experience at Forties. As Apache has grown, two trends have emerged: More of our capital is directed to developments that will have significant impact but have longer lead times, and our global exploration activities are expanding. More than half of the capital we plan to spend in 2012 will go to projects that will contribute significant production beginning in 2013 and beyond. We sanctioned the Chevron-operated Wheatstone liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in Australia, which will enable Apache to sell natural gas from our large Julimar/Brunello discovery at LNG prices indexed to crude oil prices. We also have begun development of our Coniston and Balnaves oil discoveries and the Macedon natural gas discovery offshore Western Australia. In December 2011, we commenced production from Reindeer Field via the Devil Creek Gas Plant, an important
2011

addition to Western Australia's ability to supply its booming economy with energy. We expect to realize prices for this new production that are substantially higher than our legacy contracts; the new price realizations will be evidenced in 2012 results. Working with our partners EOG Resources and EnCana, we achieved several milestones for our planned Kitimat LNG project in Canada. This planned facility on British Columbia's Pacific coast is designed to export gas produced in the Horn River basin ­ containing one of North America's top-quality gas shales ­ to Asia at oil-indexed prices. Kitimat received the first 20-year natural gas export license to be granted by Canada's National Energy Board, and we continue discussions with potential LNG off-takers interested in a new source of fuel in a stable political environment and a short sail from north Asian ports. Discovery of new oil and gas resources has long been a contributor to Apache's growth. We have built our Egypt and Australia regions into significant businesses mainly through the drillbit, and we expect to continue on this path.

16.9
200 7

0 201

10.0

12.1

12.4

8.6

REVENUES
6

09 20

20 08

($ billions)

In Egypt, we continue to extend the western limits of the Faghur basin and also had success on development leases acquired from BP in November 2010; we completed 21 wells on these leases including three new field discoveries and two new field extensions. In 2012, we plan to advance important new exploration plays across 10 million gross acres in Egypt, including stratigraphic traps, deeper horizons in the Paleozoic and unconventional resources. Like the Permian and Anadarko basins, the Western Desert provides multiple stackedpay opportunities. We entered the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico in 2010 because it is one of the premier oil exploration plays remaining in the world. In 2011, Apache and our co-venturers decided to proceed with development of the Lucius project in the Keathley Canyon area of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico ­ our first major deepwater Gulf project. Located approximately 200 miles southeast of Houston in waters about 7,000 feet deep, Lucius will be developed using a truss spar floating production facility with production capacity of 80,000 barrels of oil and 450 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. Apache owns an 11.7-percent working interest in the unit.

We plan to drill or participate in up to nine deepwater Gulf wells in 2012, including appraisals at Lucius and Heidelberg and six exploration prospects with potential resource of more than 600 million barrels and Apache working interests averaging 35 percent. We also are looking beyond Apache's current portfolio for material exploration opportunities. We plan to drill our first wells in Alaska's Cook Inlet, an oil exploration play where we are the largest acreage holder with more than 800,000 acres; offshore Kenya, where our first major oil prospect holds resource potential of nearly 300 MMboe; and in New Zealand, where we plan to drill four wells targeting underexplored onshore plays.

7

PROFITABILITY
Apache's balanced commodity mix provides a significant competitive advantage: With the industry stampeding toward oil and liquids-rich exposure, Apache is already benefi ing from it. Half of our volumes in 2011 were liquids, contributing nearly 80 percent of revenues because of the wide gap between global crude oil and North American natural gas prices. Apache also benefited from the price differentials between oil prices in basins linked to the West Texas Intermediate benchmark and higher prices for oil produced in the Gulf of Mexico, Egypt, Australia and the North Sea that represent three-fourths of our crude production.
While North American gas prices languish, we continue to benefit from rising international gas prices ­ up 27 percent over 2010 levels. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. Our LNG investments are targeted to oil-indexed gas markets in Asia. The cash-generating capacity of Apache's portfolio is the key to our ability to reinvest in our existing operations, fund long-lead-time projects, and act when the right acquisition opportunities emerge. In 2011, record cash flow enabled Apache to fund our largest exploration and development capital budget, acquire assets for $2 billion in cash that provide a platform for continued profitable growth, and pay down $925 million in debt, ending the year with debt at 20 percent of capitalization. Over the last 25 years, Apache's management systems have helped grow the company from a small producer with operations focused in the Anadarko basin to an international company with far-reaching operations, enabling good decisions through consistent evaluation of projects worldwide. This focuses our autonomous regional teams on rate of return, maximizing production and controlling costs.

2011

200 7

10.2

0 201

6.2

7.4

5.0 7.4

BEFORE CHANGES IN OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES*

CASH FROM OPERATIONS

8

*Cash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities is a non-GAAP
measure. Please see reconciliations, page 11.

09 20

20 08

($ billions)

THE ONLY CONSTANT

IS CHANGE
As we continue our pursuit of opportunity, we see overarching trends that create the context for our strategic decisions.
The rising economies in the developing world ­ where billions of people have expectations of a higher standard of living ­ are increasing global demand for oil, natural gas and other resources. This is a positive trend for the energy industry, and Apache's global portfolio is well-positioned to benefit. The universal desire for a be er standard of living o en is coupled with a yearning for more political freedom. During 2011, we were first-hand observers of the efforts of the Egyptian people to embrace democracy and improve their living standard. It's difficult to predict the precise outcome of Egypt's political struggle, but we believe our investments and technology will continue to improve their economic condition by providing jobs and energy resources. Apache operated without interruption of production during the political turmoil of 2011. Technologies have revolutionized exploration and development of oil and natural gas. The realization that North America has a 100-year supply of natural gas has turned the perception that the nation is running out of gas upside down and has tremendous implications for future demand and the U.S. economy. Abundant supplies of natural gas in North America are pushing gas prices lower and helping make the case for increased use of natural gas in transportation and electric generation. It's cleaner, too. In 2011, we doubled the number of Apache field vehicles using compressed natural gas (CNG) to 246 trucks, and we plan to convert 80 percent of our fleet to run on CNG by the end of 2015. Nine new CNG fueling stations ­ including five that will be open to the public ­ are under construction, supplementing seven Apache stations now in operation. Rising investment in oil- and liquids-rich plays such as the Permian, Anadarko, Eagle Ford, Bakken and deepwater Gulf of Mexico is taking U.S. production to levels not seen in nearly a decade and changing the perception that North America is running out of oil. The resurgence of the oil and gas industry is providing employment in many areas and has profound potential to restore U.S. competitiveness by supplying energy to drive the growth of the U.S. economy. As the industry's activity increases, public awareness of environmental issues translates to more rigorous regulation both offshore and onshore. Apache has been at the forefront of the effort to increase transparency in operations, such as the disclosure of the composition of hydraulic fracturing fluids on a public website, www.fracfocus.org. The industry has employed fracturing safely for 50 years; we believe fracturing is a manageable risk and is essential if we are going to realize the benefits of abundant energy resources. Apache is a member of two organizations ­ the Marine Well Containment Corporation and the Helix Well Containment Group ­ that were created by operators in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico to provide expanded spill containment capabilities in response to subsea well incidents like the Deepwater Horizon incident.

9

CULTURE
The growth we have experienced over the last two years has brought many new faces to Apache: people who worked for companies we acquired, others we hired for our expanded exploration program, and a number of very talented recent college graduates who will lead tomorrow's Apache.
What has not changed is our unique culture. We are very goal-oriented; we push responsibility and accountability throughout the organization. It gives Apaches a real sense of ownership, reinforced by share-based incentive programs at all levels of the company. The heart of Apache's culture is in our field teams. Every day, they demonstrate what we mean by our sense of urgency, commitment to safe and environmentally responsible operations, and the knowledge that the best ideas win. For 20 years, they have embraced AIM UP ­ Apache Improvement Method through Understanding Performance ­ which encourages them to take even greater ownership of their wells and develop ideas that increase production and reduce costs. The more people understand how they can impact their business, the be er. Employees who know their business are more likely to find ways to improve it. Apache's 2011 results demonstrate the effectiveness of empowering our 5,300 talented employees on your behalf. We thank you for your continuing support.

G. STEVEN FARRIS
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

ROGER B. PLANK
President and Chief Corporate Officer

RODNEY J. EICHLER
President and Chief Operating Officer

MARCH 09 2012
10

