Fellow Shareholders
Apache Corporation & Subsidiaries
  In last year’s annual report, we noted that we would be celebrating the company’s 50th anniversary during 2004. The year provided many opportunities to recall and highlight the values that have fostered Apache’s five decades of progress while remaining solidly focused on the present and future. It was also our best year ever: With record production and strong commodity prices, Apache earned $1.7 billion, up nearly 50 percent from 2003.
To provide perspective for new shareowners and employees, here are some comparisons: Apache’s mid-February market capitalization of $19 billion is about 75,000 times the company’s initial capitaliza- tion of $250,000. With adjustments for stock dividends and splits, our recent share price is about 1,400 times the value of Apache shares when they were first traded.
As we observed Apache’s anniversary, we were asked many questions, but the most common queries can be boiled down to three topics:
Q. Did you think Apache would reach these levels?
A. No. We had confidence in the future but we didn’t have such dreams. We know now what we believed then, that
growth is incremental. Q. Are you proud?
A. No, not really. We are focused on the present and future challenges rather than past accomplishments. After all, personal pride has an aroma of arrogance and often leads to self-destruction.
But yes, we are proud of the Apache people who have risen to the challenges and opportunities they have faced and have grown as a result of the responsibilities they have embraced.
Q. What are the principal elements that have served Apache so well? A. Our values, by a country mile.
As Apache has grown over the past five decades, we have worked hard to preserve the values – integrity, respect for people and other cultures, an entrepreneurial spirit – that have helped us build the company to last. When we say that we are “building Apache to last,” we mean that our strategies and decisions are weighted toward the long term, not quarter-to-quarter results. We are making decisions today to benefit shareholders three to five years forward.
Add to this Apache’s sense of urgency, our people’s creativity and the credibility they have gained from meeting their commitments and assuming new responsibilities.
That’s what drives us. So, how did we do in 2004? And what are the challenges and opportunities ahead of us?
When we reported to you last year, there was a significant amount of uncertainty for our industry and in the world. Unfortunately, many of the same issues that confronted us a year ago are still around today.
Oil prices, fueled by increased demand, the weak U.S. dollar and turmoil in the Middle East, remain strong and volatile. Natural gas prices in North America, despite adequate levels of inventory in storage,
3

 4
also remain strong (and volatile). It is widely recognized that reserve targets in the United States continue to decline and the development of meaning- ful capacity to import liquefied natural gas (LNG) is still years away.
It is difficult to predict when and how these conditions will change. Predicting the future is always tenuous; in the current environment, even foolhardy.
We can say demand for crude oil and natural gas has never been greater, and the outlook is not likely to change in the foreseeable future. Many of the world’s emerging economies – led by China and India, the two most populous countries, comprising a third of the world’s popula- tion – are making important strides in improving their standards of living and their appetites for energy appear insatiable. Whether their economies may or may not support their appetites is beyond present knowledge.
The challenges for the energy industry – the world’s largest and arguably most important sector – are numerous. The most critical chal- lenge is continuing to find, develop and produce new oil and gas reserves to meet this ever-growing demand.
Although your company is but a small part of the upstream sector, we believe Apache is an important spoke in the wheel. As a pure upstream producer, with no refineries, chemical plants or retail market- ing, our challenge is to continue to grow our production and reserves in a cost-effective and environmentally compatible manner for the benefit of our shareholders and to help meet overall energy needs.
In 2004, Apache increased its worldwide reserves 17 percent to 1.94 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This marked our 19th consecutive year of reserve growth. Apache’s average daily production grew 7.4 percent for the year on a barrel-of-oil–equivalent basis. Our production has now increased in 25 of the last 26 years.
Since 1999, Apache’s production has more than doubled, from 204,000 boe per day to 448,000 boe per day in 2004.
We enter 2005 stronger, in terms of opportunities and financial flexibil- ity, to meet the challenge of continued growth of production and reserves.
We have a strong, diverse portfolio of drilling opportunities and, while exploration, development and acquisition expenditures totaled $3.4 billion in 2004, Apache ended the year with debt at 24 per- cent of capitalization, providing flexibility as we address the challenges ahead. We also increased the common stock dividend from an annual rate of 24 cents per share to 32 cents per share. With adjustments for splits and stock dividends, the quarterly cash dividend has, since 2001, increased each year and doubled.
As part of our acquisition from ExxonMobil in September, we farmed-in nearly 400,000 acres in central Alberta, supplementing our existing 6.5 million gross acres of prospective properties in Canada.

 Central Region Pumper Travis Carnes, an eight-year Apache veteran, makes his rounds at the Northeast Drinkard Unit Satellite No. 1, a pipeline gathering system for many of the wells flowing into the unit’s central tank battery, which handles an aver- age of 2,000 barrels of oil, 13 MMcf of natural gas and 9,700 barrels of water per day. Travis is responsible for 51 producing wells and 50 injection wells. By closely regulating daily injection rates and pressures, he increased his area’s production by 20 percent in 2004. Travis’ father, Rickey, also is part of the Apache family, serving as a senior pumper working near Andrews, Texas.
In the mature fields of the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico, the sense of urgency, hard work and experience of Apache’s field personnel pay divi- dends every day.
The Central Region’s estimated proved reserves increased 20 percent in 2004 through hard work by Travis and his fellow Apaches, acquisitions, and the region’s most active drilling year ever. The region completed 268 of 283 wells drilled during the year. Production averaged 202 MMcf of gas and 21,300 barrels of liquid hydro- carbons per day.
Apache’s transaction with ExxonMobil added 23 Permian Basin fields that have extensive opportunities for production enhancements and drilling. At year-end, Apache had grown production at several fields, including a sharp increase at the East Vealmoor Unit in Howard County, Texas.
The 2005 Permian drilling program is spread among the newly acquired proper- ties and opportunities on Apache’s sizable acreage base.
Apache also is the third largest gas producer in Oklahoma and plans to continue its activity in established plays such as the Red Fork and Deep Springer, which have long been a staple at Apache. The Central Region is expanding its developing Granite
Wash play in the Texas Panhandle and, through new fracture stimulation methods, has found an economic sec- ond-wind in several older fields locat- ed in East Texas.
 5
5:00am – Northeast Drinkard Unit, Lea County, New Mexico
  
 6
The ExxonMobil acquisition also added produc- tion of approximately 8,000 barrels of oil and 7 MMcf of gas per day in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico. We also acquired rights to 66,000 unde- veloped acres in the Permian Basin, where we current- ly produce approximately 24,000 barrels of oil and 53 MMcf of gas per day.
In the Gulf of Mexico, we added to our already sizable position with the acquisition of Anadarko Petroleum’s Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf properties, comprising 232 offshore blocks (664,000 net acres), which should provide additional drilling opportunities in the years ahead. Morgan Stanley acquired 20 MMboe of Anadarko’s proved reserves. Apache acquired 60 MMboe and gained control of the underlying acreage – and the potential upside. Apache is now the largest acreage holder on the Shelf, where we operate 395 platforms.
In Egypt, we were awarded four new conces-
sions in the Western Desert, where we are the largest
oil producer and second-largest natural gas producer. These new concessions will add 1.7 million gross prospective acres to our existing base of 14.3 million gross acres. With the appraisal and devel- opment of Apache’s Qasr discovery – our largest ever – we expect significant production growth later in 2005. Discovery of the deep-Jurassic Qasr field, with estimated reserves of 2 trillion cubic feet of gas and 40 million barrels of condensate, provides encouragement that we will continue to find new Jurassic fields in the Western Desert with significant gas and condensate potential.
In the North Sea, we saw our labors at the Forties Field begin to bear fruit. Since taking over oper- ations in the second quarter of 2003, after acquiring the field from BP p.l.c., we have steadily boosted oil production to 61,700 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2004. The Forties Field, which com- menced production in November 1975 and peaked at 500,000 barrels of oil a day in 1978, still has a lot of life left in it. Ironically, at current oil prices and production, the field is generating more cash flow today than when production was at its peak.
In Australia, we had very good drilling success and have a strong portfolio for 2005. However, we did a poor job of planning our drilling program for 2004. We scheduled our exploration pro- gram ahead of our more reliable extension drilling program, and we will be playing catch-up in our oil production all year.
On the natural gas side, it’s a different story. With our John Brookes development due to come on production in mid-2005, we should add approximately 60 MMcf of gas per day to our current Australian production, an increase approaching 50 percent.

 7:36am – Gulf Coast prospect meeting, Houston, Texas
 Apache President and Chief Executive Officer G. Steven Farris, left, reviews Gulf of Mexico drilling prospects with Gulf Coast Region Senior Staff Reservoir Engineer Bill Fetter, right, and Geologic Adviser Doug Webb.
One of the most active drillers in the region, the company started 2005 with six drilling rigs operating in the Gulf, plus two onshore rigs and a barge rig operating on south Louisiana acreage.
The Gulf Coast Region is Apache’s largest with 2004 average daily production of 54,800 barrels of liquid hydrocarbons and 445 MMcf of gas.
Apache is the largest acreage holder and the second largest producer in Gulf waters to
1,200 feet deep. The Gulf Coast Region also operates Apache’s properties onshore along the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast, including more than 250,000 acres in South Louisiana.
Acquisitions – including the Anadarko transaction in 2004 and asset purchases from Shell and BP in 2003 – are important because the Gulf’s rapid decline rates require Apache to replenish its drilling inventory. The Anadarko transaction was significant because it was a rare opportunity to buy assets that had not been fully developed by an independent producer with an exploration-ori- ented Gulf strategy.
7
  
 8
Worldwide, Apache has many opportunities, but the flip side of higher oil and gas prices has been a steady increase in costs. Service costs, drilling costs and steel costs have grown significantly over the past year. Unless these costs level out, we may reduce our drilling expendi- tures, as we did in 2001. This is the case especially in the Lower 48 U.S. states, where reserve targets continue to decrease in size.
Apache confronts the challenges of cyclical commodity prices and volatile service costs through a disciplined approach to controlling costs and a measured approach to risk-taking. Supporting our culture are sys- tems that measure performance and ensure we are all speaking the same language and focused on achieving the same goals.
We have developed ways to complete cost-effective, prudent asset acquisitions even when prices are high. Often, we hedge production from newly acquired assets in order to protect acquisition economics in the critical early years. Because of our strong balance sheet, however, we have the ability to fund exploration and development activities without hedging our base production. The benefits of higher prices flow to our shareholders in the form of increased earnings. So, too, do the risks of lower prices often experienced during our 50 years in the industry.
We have developed a core-area portfolio that balances oil versus gas, long-lived reserves versus rapidly declining fields, and consistent production in mature basins together with opportunities for growth through exploration.
Apache allocates capital from our internally generated cash flow to each segment of our portfolio based on our assessments of drilling inventory, a disciplined approach to future price expectations, and anticipated contributions to production. Then, we measure how effective we’ve been, in terms of rate of return, and how efficient we’ve been, measured by the cost of finding new reserves.
While Apache’s values, culture and systems help us control many factors, there are other aspects of our business that are influenced by outside forces beyond our control.
The United States still suffers from the lack of a coherent energy poli- cy, and the prospects for bipartisan legislation to correct this situation remain poor. With the potential of adequate LNG imports still three to five years away, continued volatility in natural gas prices remains a certainty.
The executive branch of government has proposed comprehensive legislation that would encourage development of alternative fuels, promote conservation, and provide access to prospec- tive domestic resources in an environmentally responsible manner. It is the very least that the nation

  11:00am – Apache girls’ school, Abu Sir, Egypt
 Apache Egypt General Manager and Executive
Vice President Rodney J. Eichler visits a class in the
first school for girls built by the company in the vil-
lage of Abu Sir, located about 10 miles south of the
Giza Pyramids. In addition to fulfilling its main
mission of providing energy to drive the economy
and raise living standards, Apache strives to be a good corporate citizen and an unofficial U.S. ambassador wherever the company operates. Apache is helping raise money to construct a number of schools aimed at providing educational opportunities for Egyptian girls.
Gross operated production in Egypt continued to rise during 2004, reach- ing a record 107,100 barrels of oil and 306 MMcf of gas per day in December. For the year, net production averaged 52,200 barrels of oil and 138 MMcf of gas. An active drilling program and the Qasr gas development program sig- nal further growth in 2005.
The company’s 2005 drilling program will target deep Jurassic gas/conden- sate structures – like Qasr – and shallow oil drilling programs at Khalda, Umbarka and East Bahariya. Apache currently is acquiring 1,300 square miles of 3-D seismic data, supplementing its existing inventory of 4,500 square miles of 3-D data. This should provide additional opportunities in the hands of the company’s skilled geologists and geophysicists.
Apache added proved reserves of more than 100 MMboe in Egypt in 2004, including the company’s share of 1.75 trillion cubic feet of gas reserves at Qasr, the largest discovery in its history. Production from the Qasr field development program is expected to begin during summer 2005, ramping up to 150 MMcf and 5,000 barrels of condensate per day around year-end.
9
 
Senior Staff Production Engineer Ken Leong supervises coiled-tubing-nitrogen-fracture stimulation on a coalbed methane (CBM) well in Apache Canada’s Nevis Field. Nitrogen is pumped into the well under high pressure to crack (fracture or “frac”) the coal, enabling gas to flow more freely. Ken’s main responsibility is maximizing production at Nevis, Canada’s largest coalbed methane field, which is now flowing 50 MMcf of CBM gas per day.
During 2004, Apache’s production in Canada averaged 327 MMcf of gas and 27,900 barrels of liquid hydrocarbons per day.
Apache’s newest acreage plays in Canada are four packages totaling 382,000 acres acquired in a farm-out from ExxonMobil. Apache plans to drill at least 250 wells over the first two years of the agreement. Apache earns its interest section-by-section, and the company is off to a fast start, with 50 wells in the fourth quarter of 2004 and a similar number planned in the first quarter of 2005.
The new acreage fits well with Apache’s asset portfolio in Canada, which comprises large acreage plays with high working-interest ownership – places such as Zama, Hatton, Provost and Nevis. The North and South Grant Lands in the ExxonMobil farmout pro-
vide additional CBM potential.
At Zama, where Apache produces 7,800 barrels of liquids and 75 MMcf of
 Coalbed methane well, Nevis Field, Alberta, Canada – 3:12pm
 10
gas per day, the company has 1.2 million gross acres and 590 loca- tions in inventory.
Many of the locations are shallow, low-production, slow-decline gas wells that are inexpensive to drill. At Hatton, where current gross production is 80 MMcf per day, Apache has 1,800 loca- tions in its inventory; at Nevis, with current total production of 96 MMcf per day, Apache has 350,000 acres and 610 locations in inventory. Provost, a 674,000-acre play, is producing 75 MMcf per day with 1,200 locations in inventory.
 
with the world’s largest appetite for energy can do, and we hope Congress can generate the politi- cal fortitude to look beyond opinion polls and do what is good for our country.
Clearly, the industry and policymakers are no closer to providing transparency in the marketplace. Three years after the demise of Enron and the self-crippling of several natural gas marketing compa- nies (traders), little has changed that would ensure consumers that the prices they are paying for gas at the burner tip are not subject to manipulation.
Although several gas traders have pleaded guilty to price manipulation, with others awaiting trial, and many of the so-called leading firms in the marketing arena have paid hefty settlements, neither Congress nor the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has demanded transparen- cy in the marketplace. This is unfortunate because market integrity would benefit consumers and producers alike. Mandatory reporting of energy market data, backed up by penalties for lying, would
go a long way toward remedying the situation. Throughout our history, outreach to others, in acts of responsibility and caring, has been at the core of Apache’s value system. In all of our endeavors in this critical arena, our co-workers and directors are
fully involved.
We support a wide variety of worthy institutions
and initiatives in the arts, education and community service in the communities in which we operate, nationally and internationally. The corporation iden- tifies some initiatives and some are selected by our people, whose donations are matched by Apache. In 2004, Apache supported 454 different causes. We also support the volunteer efforts of our employees.
Over Apache’s 50 years of outreach, our highest priority has been education. Our involvement is predicated on the value of lifetime learning as a com- ponent of personal and societal wellbeing. To advance this goal, Apache, its directors, officers and employees support a series of initiatives that share common characteristics.
The Ucross Foundation, which will celebrate its 25th anniversary in 2006, is best-known in the arts through more than 1,100 fellowships that have been granted for its Artists-in-Residence program. Three recipients have received Pulitzer Prizes, while many others have been recognized nationally and internationally.
 11

      Delta Platform, Forties Field, UK North Sea – 6:15pm
12
Projects Team Leader Ian Grant, right, and Operations Supervisor, Maintenance, Paul Manson inspect a newly refurbished gas turbine on Apache’s Forties Field Delta Platform. The turbine powers a compressor, which is part of the gas lift system, circulating high-pressure gas down the producing wells to assist in lifting oil up the well bore from the producing reservoir. Apache’s experienced workforce is tackling projects to extend the life of the largest field in the United Kingdom sector of the North Sea.
Production increases at Forties – the anchor of Apache’s newest core area – were driven by successful drilling and a maintenance program, which continues to improve efficiency. Average daily production of approximately 61,700 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2004 was more than 50 percent above the fourth quarter level in 2003. For the year, Apache averaged 52,800 barrels of oil per day.
During 2004, Apache completed 12 of 17 wells drilled as part of a $362 million capital program, which also included $150 million of maintenance and operations capital.
The completion of a gas and power ring and the installation of new electric generators during 2005 will increase the efficiency of the field, cut consumption of diesel fuel and reduce emissions of green- house gases. Other projects include new control systems on all platforms, new cranes and increased water injection capacity.
 
The land itself provides another element of the Ucross mission. The 22,000-acre ranch offers opportunities to study and improve conservation and holistic land practices.
Finally, Ucross offers a venue for discussions of issues important to Wyoming, the West and the nation. At times, it has provided a set- ting to contemplate national energy policy, Wyoming’s future and other important topics.
More recently, Ucross served as host for a project, funded by Apache, two other responsible energy companies and the U.S. Department of Energy to provide baseline studies on coalbed methane and its impact on water resources, particularly in the arid Rocky Mountain region. Top scientists from Stanford University, the University of Wyoming, and the Montana Bureau of Mines and Geology provided their expertise, and research results will be pub- lished this year by the Wyoming Geological Survey.
In April, 44 top minds from industry and academia will gath- er at Ucross for dialogue on imaging using controlled-source electromagnetics – potentially the most important development in the science of oil and gas exploration since the development of three-dimensional seismic in the 1980s. The idea for the four-day forum, sponsored by the Society of Exploration Geophysicists, was originated by Mike Bahorich, an Apache executive vice pres- ident who is widely respected in the industry for his own inno- vations in 3-D seismic and within Apache for his leadership in
developing Apache’s application of technology in our exploration and production activities.
The goal at Ucross is to cast a reflection into the future from the cultural mirror of our lives
and times.
As you can see, we broadly define our commitment to education.
Bringing this commitment back to a more familiar level, through the Fund for Teachers initia-
tive we are now in our seventh year of providing summer sabbaticals and growth experiences for teachers from pre-kindergarten through high school. These teachers, chosen for the creativity of pro- posals of their own design, return from their experiences motivated to transfer their enthusiasm and commitment for lifetime learning to their bright-eyed pupils. Fund for Teachers and its predecessors have created opportunities for more than 1,000 teachers, 444 of them in 2004, with awards of up to $5,000 each. Now in eight cities, the program is building an endowment and a network to support a broader national effort. Please visit www.fundforteachers.org to learn more.
Apache’s directors have contributed, as have many of our people. Apache has set the pace by contributing $10 million. The company anticipates providing another $5 million to Fund for Teachers. In 2004, Houston-based Energy for Teachers gained commitments for more than $3 mil- lion, mainly from our colleagues in the oil and gas industry.
 13

  Tagging turtles on Varanus Island, Western Australia –8:12pm
 14
Marine Biologist Fiona Maxwell (foreground) checks the tracking tag on a Hawksbill Sea Turtle as it lays eggs on a beach near Apache’s gas plant on Varanus Island. Meg Green, also a marine biologist, discusses the find with Joe Fry, a con- tract civil engineer working with the Apache Projects Team on the installation of a new gas plant.
Each day, Apache demonstrates that it can conduct oil and gas operations at its Varanus Island hub in harmony with the unique environment of the island and its surrounding waters.
Apache had an active year in Australia in 2004, completing 16 of 31 wells and branching out from its base in the Carnarvon Basin to the Perth and Gippsland basins. Production averaged 118 MMcf of gas and 25,200 barrels of oil per day in 2004.
The Linda gas development and the Monet oil field com- menced production during 2004. In the Exmouth Sub-Basin, Apache drilled the Stickle and Harrison discoveries, which will be integrated into the Ravensworth/Crosby oil development.
Keys to success in 2005 will be early development of new oil production from the Flag Sandstone formations near Varanus Island and commencement of gas production from the John Brookes Field to fulfill the requirements of two new gas con- tracts that are expected to add approximately 60 MMcf per day to production. Apache’s 2005 drilling program is focused in the Carnarvon Basin but also includes wells in the Perth and Gippsland basins.
 
As Apache has grown, we have identified ways to translate our commitment to education over- seas, as well.
In Egypt – Apache’s largest international region – we see a large and growing country with a population seeking to improve its standard of living. As the largest U.S. investor and third-largest oil and gas producer in Egypt, we have a significant direct and indirect impact on the nation’s econ- omy and welfare.
The need for education is great. As we describe elsewhere in this report, many young Egyptian girls – particularly in rural areas – have not had an opportunity to attend school, to learn to read, write and
perform basic arithmetic.
On one of our board of directors’ trips to Egypt, we visit-
ed a one-room school built for young girls through a govern- ment initiative led by Mrs. Suzanne Mubarak, Egypt’s first lady, who is committed to the continued development of a modern, stable nation.
Recognizing an important initiative and supported by senior management and the board of directors, Apache people in Cairo jumped in. Working in concert with Egypt’s National Council for Childhood and Motherhood, we hired an architectural firm staffed by impressive young Egyptian professionals and paid for construction of a prototype school in Abu Sir, about 10 miles from the famous Giza Pyramids.
The school opened in October, with eager students and teachers trained in modern educational techniques, working together in an airy, enthusiastic environment. Mrs. Mubarak ded- icated the school in December – a memorable event for all of us.
Also during 2004, we created the legal, financial and opera- tional structures and partnerships necessary to accelerate the construction of more schools. We have a new nonprofit organ- ization, Springboard – Educating the Future, to accept contribu- tions in the United States to fund school construction in Egypt, and a strong partner in Egypt, the Sawiris Foundation. Already, we have donations from Apache directors, officers, co-workers and friends to build several more schools. In 2005, we will con- tinue to build schools. We want to create a system that ultimate- ly will produce 1,000 one-room schools for 35,000 girls.
Springboard’s Web site, www.schoolsforegyptsgirls.com, pro- vides more information and photos of the school and its students.
Apache’s outreach in Egypt extends to a project that we have named Nile Weavers, through which we seek to improve living
 15

standards of Egyptian women by purchasing their handicrafts and distributing the products in the United States through volunteer groups. This effort has involved many of our people in Houston and Cairo, and Nile Weavers products have made it to Florida, Minnesota, New York
and Texas. For more information, please visit www.nileweavers.com on the
Internet.
Throughout this report, we have emphasized themes of individual initiative and
innovation at Apache. We find these ideas are vulnerable to increasing layers of rules and regulations that seem to be aimed at introducing an adversarial relation- ship between American corporations, their boards of directors and investors.
Apache has a 50-year record of forthright disclosure and a board of direc- tors of strong-minded men and women with varied experiences and a shared commitment to integrity and transparency. With the active involvement of our board, we have built an organization that is firmly aligned with the interests of our loyal shareholder base. We have grown the company and created sharehold- er wealth through good times and bad.
However, we are beset and besieged by groups that have sprung up in the name of better corporate governance from the position of having held a mini- mum of $2,000 worth of Apache shares for a year. We question whether some of these groups know what industry we are in or the range of challenges we face, or even whether we deliver value for our shareholders.
In the name of shareholder democracy, these groups either purposely or inadvertently erect barriers between boards and management as well as divert the attention of companies away from strategic concerns and toward single-issue political agendas that have little to do with corporate success (and much to do with counterproductive harassment).
These self-appointed, single-issue advocates sometimes influence the votes of
shareholders on a variety of governance issues. Please consider these proposals
carefully, and reflect on the broad vision required to guide a successful enterprise. Consider also, our track record for creating shareholder value, for safe, environmentally responsible operations, and for conducting Apache’s affairs in an ethical, responsible and accountable manner.
Providing leadership on the board of directors of a large corporation for the benefit of its share- holders, employees and communities is a serious responsibility. It should not be, as the recently removed head of the California Public Employees Retirement System asserted, a “bully pulpit” for advancing political agendas.
One matter submitted by the board of directors for a vote by our shareholders at our annual meeting is the next stage in our successful effort to align employees with shareholders in building shareholder value.
In 2004, Apache employees were rewarded for driving a $9 billion increase in shareholder value over the past four years. Approximately 1,900 Apache employees received shares when Apache’s closing stock
 16

  9:06pm – Drilling from Zhao Dong platform, Bohai Bay, China
 Drillers work around the clock to complete an injection well on Apache’s Zhao Dong Block. In the shallow waters of Bohai Bay, China, some of the newest Apaches are building bridges and adapting to the company’s culture and sense of urgency.
With completion of the second phase of drilling at the Zhao Dong field, gross oil production reached 25,000 barrels per day during the fourth quarter of 2004. Apache’s fourth-quarter net production of 9,000 barrels per day was about 13 percent higher than in the prior-year comparable period. For the year, Apache averaged 7,600 barrels per day.
Apache’s attention to safety, its focus on the bottom line, and the lessons for the Chinese oil industry were the subject of a September 2004 story in China Oil News. Chinese members of the crew were concerned when Apache’s drilling supervisor abandoned efforts to recover drilling tools stuck in one of the wells, the jour- nal reported.“The drilling supervisor explained that it wasn’t worthwhile to spend $3 million to recover tools worth $1.5 million. This made Chinese staff realize that costs and benefits should be the first priority.”
17
 
price exceeded the threshold of $43.29 per share for 10 trading days in April, and more shares when the closing stock price exceeded the second threshold of $51.95 per share for 10 days in October. (The goals reflected the impact of stock dividends and splits on the pre- split targets of $100 and $120 per share.) Ninety percent of the shares were awarded to non- executive employees. The awards will be distributed over a three-year period, so the Share Appreciation Plan also serves as an effective retention tool.
Recently, your board of directors voted to ask shareholders to approve a new plan that provides incentives for employees to double the share price again, from $54 per share at the date of the board approval to $108 per share by the end of 2008, with an interim goal to be achieved by the end of 2007. If both goals are achieved, the sharehold- er value of the company will have grown by an additional $18 billion. Like the program launched in 2000, this is an ambitious goal that will require more than hard work – it will require and motivate creativity and innovation by the Apache team. We believe our employees are up to the challenge; we ask for your support.
While Apache’s share price advanced in 2004 and our long-term performance con- tinues to compare positively with our peers and the major indexes, the share prices of companies in our sector still trail the price-earnings ratios of the broader market.
Much of the trading volume of our shares is the result of traders and speculators moving in and out to profit from small moves in the market.
Among the reasons for this: the cyclical nature of commodity markets and concerns that some technological development could substantially affect the world’s need for hydro- carbons. In our judgment, those who would base their decisions on such factors are, basi- cally, guessing.
Against those factors, we would stake our 50-year history of finding and developing
reserves and production – a record of growth that reaches across the commodity price cycles
– and our assessments of the fundamental factors that are driving rising worldwide demand
for oil and gas. Shareholders who have stayed with Apache over the years have benefited substantially from this long-term performance while many of the traders have missed the boat.
Apache’s 50th year was one of solid achievement on many fronts, made possible in large part by of the loyalty and support of our shareholders and employees over the decades. We believe that our recent exploration successes, coupled with our ability to acquire assets at prudent prices throughout the commodity cycles, show that we will be able to continue to add to shareholder value in constructive ways. We hope you share our enthusiasm for the future.
We appreciate your commitment and pledge ours to continuing to build Apache to last. Thank you for being part of our present and future.
Raymond Plank G. Steven Farris
Chairman and Founder President, Chief Executive Officer
   18
and Chief Operating Officer.
