Fellow Shareholders,

left to right, RODNEY J. EICHLER President and Chief Operating Officer G. STEVEN FARRIS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ROGER B. PLANK President and Chief Corporate Officer

Apache posted another year of progress in 2012 and is positioned to continue to deliver consistent, long-term, profitable growth. Our strategy to build a global, diversified portfolio of oil and gas properties ­ with a focus on high-value, high rate-of-return activities ­ again delivered a substantial financial and operating performance. Significant highlights for the year include:
· Achieved record production for the fourth consecutive year ­ 779,000 barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day. · Delivered cash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities* of $10.2 billion for the second consecutive year. · Replaced 156 percent of the year's production through discoveries, extensions and acquisitions, excluding negative revisions associated primarily with low Canadian gas prices. · Firmly established the Permian and Anadarko basins as U.S. growth engines, adding 312,000 acres in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle and accelerating drilling activities in these areas. · Expanded our opportunity set and increased production in our UK North Sea region to 75,000 boe per day, as discoveries and newly acquired properties were brought onstream under Apache operatorship. · Announced a second LNG partnership with Chevron in December 2012 at the proposed Kitimat project in western Canada. We hold a 50-percent working interest in Kitimat LNG, where estimated gross production from a single train totals in excess of 700 MMcf per day. · Generated record annual revenues of $17.1 billion. We are fiscally strong and have an extensive inventory of near-term and future development projects, prospects and exploration ventures that will contribute to our profitable growth over the next five-plus years. Apache is opportunity rich, and a challenge we face is balancing capital allocation to generate near-term growth with investments to fund future developments while maintaining our historical fiscal discipline. Our pipeline of mid- to long-term projects has the potential to produce billions of dollars in excess cash flow, serving as cornerstones for continuing growth. * C ash from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities is a non-GAAP measure.
Please see reconciliation on page 2.

779,000 boe per day

Record daily production averaged in 2012; the company's compound annual growth rate from 1992­2012 is approximately 12 percent

2.9 billion boe

Year-end 2012 estimated proved reserves; replacing 156 percent of the preceding 12 month's production through discoveries, extensions and acquisitions

$10.2 billion

Cash flow exceeded $10 billion dollars for the second consecutive year *

3

Consistent Profitable Growth

Fellow Shareholders, continued

67,000 locations

Technically identified drilling locations on Apache's Permian Basin and Anadarko Basin properties onshore North America

Highlights from 2012 ­ Global Progress Since mid-year 2010, Apache has enhanced our asset base in every core area by completing seven major oil and gas acquisitions and through targeted acreage purchases. This past year, we accelerated our drilling activities on newly added properties with a focus on oil and liquids production in North America. · Oil and natural gas liquids production in the United States increased 18 percent from the prior year, with significant contributions from numerous Permian and Anadarko basin plays. · Apache had 111 rotary rigs operating worldwide in drilling or completion activities at year-end 2012, a 29-percent increase compared to the same period in the prior year. · International gas assets delivered more value, with natural gas price realizations up 13 percent for the year to $4.15 per Mcf, topping our North American gas realizations for the first time since 1995. International gas production increased 10 percent to 839 MMcf per day, boosting our earnings throughout the year. · In Australia, we commenced production from our Reindeer gas field and Devil Creek processing plant, the first new gas processing hub in Western Australia in more than 15 years. Near-Term Growth: Focus on North America The United States remains the world's highest demand market for hydrocarbon products. While the domestic oil and gas industry is considered mature, technology has revitalized the industry, reversing a multi-decade decline in domestic oil production. Apache is at the forefront of this resurgence, and our 2013 drilling program is designed to accelerate value realization from our expanded property base. Apache conducted extensive field studies across all of our properties in the Anadarko and Permian basins during 2012. This initiative identified more than 67,000 prospective well locations and 9.2 billion boe in resource potential. Drilling activity steadily increased throughout the year, with the number of operated rigs in our Central Region increasing from seven to 25. In the Permian Basin, we've ramped up from an average of five rigs operating in 2010 to 32 rigs in 2012, with an increasing percentage of wells being drilled for more prolific horizontal completions. Both regions provide multiple ways to win: thick, oily and liquids-rich, stacked-pay drilling targets provide attractive economics with reduced geologic risk. Additional upside potential exists through down-spacing, step-out and horizontal opportunities. While we're not currently targeting any dry gas-bearing zones, we know they're there, offering a valuable option when natural gas prices ultimately recover. A similar field analysis is under way in Canada, and our inventory of drilling locations in North America is expected to more than double once these studies are complete. This type of rigorous examination of our properties also will be undertaken across our international assets. Creating the Future: Developing Legacy Assets Apache's portfolio has evolved since 2010, reinforcing our ability to achieve the longstanding objective of consistent, profitable growth. Whether in frontier regions not yet fully explored or in projects requiring greater capital and longer cycle times for infrastructure development, our property base offers the potential for long-life, legacy assets that can provide robust cash flow year after year.

The Permian and Anadarko basins provide multiple ways to win: thick, oily and liquids-rich, stacked-pay drilling targets, with added upside potential through downspacing, step-out and horizontal opportunities.

4

2012 Annual Report

+18 percent

Year-over-year increase in Apache's U.S. crude oil and natural gas liquids production in 2012

Revenue $17.1 Billion

Key 2012 statistics

Adjusted Earnings* $3.8 Billion

Average Market Prices Brent: $112/bbl WTI: $94/bbl HH Gas: $2.83/Mcf

· During 2014, our Coniston and Balnaves oil projects are projected to commence production. These two floating production and storage facilities will be based offshore Western Australia, adding an estimated 30,000 boe per day in initial gross production when fully online. · North Sea expansion is under way with the installation of a new satellite platform at Forties. This will add 18 new drilling slots to more fully recover Forties' oil reserves, which currently realize premium pricing on the world market. · Development of our Julimar and Brunello fields offshore Western Australia continues with initial production scheduled to coincide with startup of two trains at Wheatstone LNG, a Chevron-operated joint venture projected to come online at year-end 2016. Apache's net daily production from these fields will be an estimated 140 MMcf of natural gas and 3,250 barrels of oil. · Our new ventures initiatives accumulated attractive land positions in several new plays. Early identification and capture of these opportunities enabled Apache to build advantageous acreage holdings at a relatively low cost, such as the Vaca Muerta shale oil play in Argentina and the Cook Inlet in Alaska. · Kitimat LNG is intended as a means for Apache to monetize an estimated 50 Tcf natural gas resource at prices linked to crude oil. The new joint venture plays to each partner's strengths, with Apache operating the upstream assets and Chevron overseeing the LNG marketing, plant and pipeline. We constantly examine the commercial potential of our properties to ensure that we focus capital spending on the most attractive opportunities. This also allows us to identify those assets that may have more value with a partner or other operator. To high grade our portfolio and further strengthen our balance sheet, we are targeting $2 billion in divestitures this year. Looking Ahead: Balancing Growth, Risks, Rewards Apache enters 2013 with production at 800,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. Estimated proved reserves at year-end approached 3 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In this report, we highlight near-term drilling opportunities that can increase production this year and planned developments that can provide future growth. We recognize that sustainable growth must occur while operating in a safe and environmentally responsible manner, focusing on returns, growth and costs. Apache's unique culture has fostered AIM UP (Apache Improvement Method through Understanding Performance), a program that encourages suggestions from our field personnel to increase production and reduce costs. Reducing the decline rate in our base properties better sustains future production growth. Our position in Egypt was a significant factor in our stock performance last year. Media coverage of the political transitions there continues to cause investor concern. We have met regularly with elected and appointed officials in Egypt, who have signaled that business will proceed as it has in the past. Our production and drilling operations continue without interruption. In the year ahead, we plan to stay the course in Egypt, monitoring the situation closely. Apache's portfolio strategy has long been driven to balance our oil and gas production mix, a goal other E&P companies strive for today. Financial discipline has been and continues to be a hallmark of our strategy. Apache is your company, and we thank you for your continued support. Based on the company's solid financial position, strong cash generating capacity and our confidence in the ability to continue to execute, Apache's Board of Directors again increased the common dividend, marking a one-third increase over the last two years. The Apache workforce has never been more talented, more committed, better trained and equipped to deliver on our growth plans. * A djusted Earnings is a non-GAAP measure.
Please see note on page 2.

2012 Production

n International Gas 18% n North America Gas 31% n International Liquids 27% n North America Liquids 24% Diversity Mitigates Volatility Apache's balanced portfolio helps to shield the company from price volatility, such as North America natural gas during the past year. In 2012, 81 percent of the company's revenues came from liquids production, which represented 51 percent of the company's production.

G. STEVEN FARRIS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

ROGER B. PLANK President and Chief Corporate Officer

RODNEY J. EICHLER President and Chief Operating Officer

February 27, 2013

5

