Fellow Shareholders,
Despite the challenges of 2015, Apache delivered excellent operational results and strengthened the company's financial foundation. Our strategy during the downturn is centered on our ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment.
Solid Foundation We know we cannot control commodity prices nor predict when they will recover, so we have chosen to focus on what we can control: our capital spending, cost structure and portfolio. In 2015, we took decisive steps to position Apache to weather the downturn and build for longterm success. Today, the Apache asset base is streamlined and lends itself to disciplined and efficient strategy execution and capital allocation. 2015 Accomplishments We made strategic decisions to further streamline our portfolio, strengthen our financial position and aggressively drive down costs across the entire spectrum of our business. We prioritized financial prudence and a focus on returns first and production growth second. As a result, we reduced our capital spend by more than 60 percent year-over-year and still delivered annual pro forma production growth well ahead of our full-year guidance. These results speak to the quality of our assets, the hard work of our employees, our commitment to operational excellence and our focus on continuous improvement. Streamlining our portfolio In 2015, we continued the portfolio refinement that began in 2014. We completed the sale of our LNG assets, Australian upstream oil and gas assets and several non-core, midstream assets. Our resulting portfolio is highly focused on three principal areas: North America, the U.K. North Sea and Egypt. The diverse mix of conventional and unconventional opportunities across these areas offers economic balance during the current low oil price environment. Our substantial onshore acreage position in North America provides an abundant inventory of high-value growth opportunities. Our more conventional international assets generate consistent and strong cash flow from a large inventory of low-risk drilling opportunities with significant exploration potential for years to come. Mirroring activity levels to commodity prices Early in the year, we quickly scaled back our drilling and completion program in response to changing market conditions. We went from a peak worldwide rig count of 126 in the third quarter of 2014 to 60 rigs by the end of the first quarter of 2015 and only 34 rigs by mid-year. Our ability to adapt quickly allowed Apache to reach cash flow neutrality by the end of the second quarter. Despite a more than 60-percent drop in our capital investment program, we were able to increase our pro forma production by 6 percent in 2015. In fact, as the year progressed and Apache became more efficient, we raised our initial production targets on two occasions.

We enter 2016 with a solid foundation to weather a lowerfor-even-longer price environment.

2

In January 2015, Apache announced the appointment of John J. Christmann IV (left) as chief executive officer and president and John E. Lowe (right) as chairman of the board.

Aggressively Adapting

Implementing cost-savings initiatives Throughout 2015, we were laser focused on attacking our cost structure at every level to bring costs into alignment with the current oil price environment. We reduced staffing and consolidated office locations, resulting in a more streamlined and efficient organizational structure. By year-end, we successfully reduced capital spending by more than 60 percent, cash overhead costs by 30 percent and lease operating expenses by 9 percent. Our average drilled and completed well costs in North America were down approximately 35 percent from the fourth quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2015. Strengthening our financial position During 2015, we paid down approximately $2.5 billion of debt and extended our existing credit facility into 2020. We were one of the few independent oil and gas companies to substantially reduce our net debt position year-over-year without issuing equity or reducing our dividend to extend our drilling program. We have $1.5 billion of cash on hand. Our financial position and flexibility set us apart. Looking Ahead We enter 2016 with a solid foundation capable of weathering a lower-for-even-longer price environment. We will continue to increase shareholder value by focusing on the things we can control. We will protect our asset base, preserve our strong financial position, maintain cash flow neutrality and build high-quality inventory for the future. Our diversified portfolio provides capital allocation flexibility for today, as well as attractive growth options and leverage for future price improvements. By combining low-cost, new-play-generation capabilities with continued testing of new ideas in existing assets, we are building value for the long term. Apache has the financial capacity, the operational capability and the high-quality drilling inventory to enable us to quickly and efficiently respond when prices improve. Regardless of how the industry evolves, we have proven our ability to adapt. For 61 years, we have capitalized on low-commodity-price cycles by maintaining a strong financial position and ample liquidity, exercising cost discipline, seeking operational efficiency, growing our inventory of drilling locations and ensuring we are prepared to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. This year will be no different. We appreciate the efforts of Apache's dedicated employees who have helped make 2015 a year of progress and success despite a very challenging macro environment. We also thank you for your continued support.

Throughout 2015, we were laser focused on attacking our cost structure at every level. By the end of 2015, we successfully reduced:

60

%

Capital spending

35%
North American well costs

30%
Cash overhead costs

9

%

Lease operating expense John E. Lowe Chairman John J. Christmann IV Chief Executive Officer and President

APACHE 2015 SUMM A RY A NNUA L REPOR T

3

