
To Our Shareholders:
Anadarko had a successful year in 2008. The quality of our portfolio and people was demonstrated, as we met or surpassed our key objectives for production growth, organic reserve additions, cost effectiveness and financial strength in 2008.
During 2008, we increased overall sales volumes by 5 percent over 2007 retained properties. The primary driver of growth was a 17-percent year-over-year production expansion in the Rockies, which overcame approximately 13 million
BOE (barrels of oil equivalent) that were deferred during the year as a result of two major hurricanes and a third-party pipeline interruption in the Gulf of Mexico. Anadarko also strengthened its balance sheet and  maintained  an investment-grade rating and access to liquidity.
One of our strategic planks includes a strong commitment to the exploration component of our  business.  On that  front, with the Wahoo discovery, we became the first foreign operator to make a pre-salt discovery offshore Brazil. We also continued to apply our deepwater exploration skills in West Africa, where we drilled three successful appraisal wells and one successful exploration well offshore Ghana. These results led to a substantial increase in the Jubilee field's estimated gross recoverable resources. Our exploration success has continued in 2009, with two significant discoveries in the deepwater  Gulf of Mexico at the Heidelberg and Shenandoah prospects. We also achieved positive results in our onshore U.S. exploration program in the Pennsylvania Marcellus shale play, which is one of several shale projects we are pursuing.
We continued to expand our midstream infrastructure in the Rocky Mountain region and successfully took Western Gas Partners, LP, public in May. This midstream master limited partnership was one of the top-performing IPOs of 2008.
Regarding Anadarko's commitment to balancing the development  of energy  resources  with  the  preservation  of nature,  we were recognized on several occasions with, among others: the 2008 Earth Day Award from the Utah  Division  of Oil, Gas and Mining; the 2008 Reclamation and Wildlife Stewardship Award from the Wyoming Game & Fish Department; and the Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star and Natural Gas STAR Continuing Excellence awards for reducing emissions and enhancing efficiencies.
Uncertain financial conditions and deteriorating  commodity  prices  affected  our industry  beginning  in the  third quarter  of 2008 and remain a concern as we move into 2009. The precipitous decline in the worldwide economy in late 2008 has challenged all of us, as we wrestle with the correct vision for the timing of an economic recovery. This has a direct bearing on  the level of targeted 2009 capital expenditures for our company.
We are mindful that a balance must be struck between capital spending and protecting our balance sheet, should the economic recovery take longer to achieve than anticipated. As a result, Anadarko has announced a reduced capital program for 2009; nonetheless, the program is expected to enable us to increase sales volumes and reserves. The reduction  in capital is less than  the reduction by many of our industry peers, and we believe the level of funding is appropriate in the current commodity-price environment given the strength of our balance sheet, our strong portfolio of exploration and development opportunities, and continuing investments in prior-year exploration successes such as the Jubilee field offshore Ghana, the Caesar/Tonga  complex in the Gulf of Mexico and the El Merk project in Algeria. We view capital budgeting as a continuous exercise in these uncertain times, but we must also look at the longer term and continue the momentum we have built over the last several years.
Anadarko's portfolio and execution skills continue to improve and provide high-quality opportunities for our shareholders. The year ahead will have its challenges, but we expect an exciting and rewarding 2009 for Anadarko and  its stakeholders.  Thank you for investing in Anadarko 's future.

Sincerely,
James T. Hackett
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
