"The results of 2011 demonstrate continuing momentum around Anadarko's predictable and repeatable operating performance, with significant exploration value for our investors."

To Our Shareholders:
During 2011, we were able to demonstrate the depth and strength of Anadarko's capital-efficient portfolio with another year of record operating performance. We continued to drive improvements in drilling efficiencies across our major U.S. onshore areas, which contributed to record sales volumes of 248 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), while spending less capital than forecasted and achieving the best safety performance in the company's history. Additionally, the company replaced 159 percent of its produced reserves ­ at competitive costs and almost entirely through the drill bit ­ ending the year with 2.54 billion BOE of proved reserves, which is a 5-percent increase over year-end 2010. With the widening in relative pricing between liquids (oil, condensate and NGLs) and natural gas, we continued to allocate capital toward assets with a higher proportion of liquids. As a result, liquids comprised about 43 percent of total sales volumes (approximately 290,000 barrels per day) for the full year. These higher-margin volumes also contributed to very strong discretionary cash-flow generation in 2011. A significant portion of our growth came from our U.S. onshore shale opportunities, which have become a material contributor to the portfolio and now account for more than 10 percent of our total sales volumes, compared to less than 1 percent two years ago. Beyond the growth in shales, we identified and began developing a 500 million to 1.5 billion BOE opportunity within one of the company's existing core areas. The Wattenberg Horizontal play offers outstanding economics, because of its high-quality, liquids-rich reservoirs, strong recoveries, our large and high-ownership mineral position, and due to the extensive and growing infrastructure in place to deliver our products to strong markets. Our deepwater exploration and appraisal drilling programs continued to create differentiating value in 2011, achieving an 80-percent success rate for wells completed during the year. This included four successful wells in Mozambique, which resulted in the tripling of our recoverable resource estimate for the fields to a range of 15 to 30-plus trillion cubic feet of natural gas. This world-class accumulation is one of the most significant natural gas discoveries in the last decade, with long-term benefits for the people of Mozambique. In addition, we advanced projects offshore Ghana and in the Gulf of Mexico, and resumed exploration activity in the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in our first post-moratorium discovery. Importantly, we settled a dispute with BP regarding the Deepwater Horizon events of 2010, removing significant uncertainties and returning stakeholder focus to the growth and value-creation opportunities within Anadarko's portfolio. We also: announced a $1.6 billion Eagleford drilling joint venture, which improved Anadarko's capital efficiency; acquired a natural gas processing plant in Wattenberg for $576 million, enhancing the strategic alignment of our upstream and midstream assets in the region; and received contingent consideration of $419 million associated with the 2008 sale of our ownership in the Peregrino field in Brazil. Anadarko was a driving force behind the creation of FracFocus, an online public registry for hydraulic fracturing fluids that is a major step toward greater transparency. We were also recognized by Colorado's regulatory agency with three awards for safety, environmental performance, and community engagement, and we received additional recognition for environmental performance in Utah and Wyoming. Going forward, we remain committed to reducing our net-debt-to-capital level back to within our target range of 25 to 35 percent. We are also mindful of the need to prudently manage our portfolio given the current low level of natural gas prices. Anadarko has significant flexibility to manage within this environment with multiple liquids-rich opportunities and access to premium markets. We continue to believe natural gas is an excellent lower-emissions solution for many of the energy challenges facing the world, and we will maintain the ability to increase production of this important commodity as returns on capital improve. Finally, we recently announced a leadership transition plan, with Al Walker, our President and Chief Operating Officer, being named Anadarko's next CEO, following the upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Over many years, I have had the pleasure of working with Al and our management team to build upon Anadarko's legacy as a premier exploration and production company, and I am excited about the company's future as Al assumes the leadership of a high-performing team dedicated to enhancing stakeholder value. It has been a pleasure and honor to serve as Anadarko's CEO since 2003, and I look forward to serving as your Executive Chairman. The results of 2011 demonstrate continuing momentum around Anadarko's predictable and repeatable operating performance, with significant exploration value for our investors. We recognize the challenges ahead, and believe we are well positioned to continue our success. Thank you for investing in Anadarko's future. Warm War rm regards,

James T. T Hackett Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

