t and Chairman, Presiden icer Chief Executive Off

James T. Hackett

March 26, 2007

To Our Stockholders: s at Anadarko. I believe initiated sweeping change for an exciting During the past year, we ay and have positioned us tod y pan com ter bet a us older. those changes make value for you as a shareh unities that will enhance future filled with opport daily production uisitions, delivered strong acq jor ma two sed clo we In 2006, t resulted in a portfolio ed net risked resources tha ook unb nal itio focused add ed rates, captur lent, and created a more ion barrels of oil equiva bill 7 n ustrytha re ind es mo lud ling inc now tota asset base, which We believe the enhanced y. s, pan ain unt com Mo ed anc cky bal Ro . and o and the U.S deepwater Gulf of Mexic e. leading positions in the com to rs predictable growth for yea will provide consistent and 2006 acquisitions has been improved by the y teg stra our of ion cut The exe h-grade our assets sources, enabling us to hig Re s Ga rn ste We and more ee of Kerr-McG e effort has resulted in a quisition divestitures. Th t-ac pos t active can attr an nifi sig and h throug ducing properties efficient portfolio of pro and isk our gh er-r hou low Alt ed, . anc ally bal internation ortunities domestically and ea array of exploration opp e revisions in 2006, we hav erv res by ed der hin s wa ent em lac rep e organic reserv as we move forward. reserves ready to bring on pipeline of high-quality unprecedented year rko have gone through an ada An of s yee erous plo em e Th asset divestitures and num ns, subsequent sizeable itio uis ies. acq e pan larg com two acy the with ns for three leg luding systems conversio ng ndi fi of n sio mis y organizational changes inc the worth up of people dedicated to the to lied app s ort eff They are a remarkable gro eir Th energy-hungry world. an for ces ul our res ngf ani rgy precious ene rko should drive me of opportunities at Anada lio tfo por ure fut and t curren er value. enhancement of sharehold go online and visit our rko, I encourage you to ut our To learn more about Anada in-depth information abo e the most up-to-date and website where we provid activities. yees for investing your olders, partners and emplo Thank you to our shareh trust in Anadarko. Sincerely,

Anadarko Petroleum

Corporation

