To Our Shareholders:
Anadarko delivered strong operating performance in 2010 and continued to generate competitive returns, and advance our longerterm growth objectives. We reported record sales volumes of 235 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) in 2010, representing an approximate 7-percent year-over-year increase for the second consecutive year. Additionally, we added 359 million BOE of proved reserves, replacing over 153-percent of our production with better than targeted reserve-replacement costs. We achieved record drilling cycle times across our major onshore operating areas during the year, and our ongoing efforts to reduce lease operating expenses (LOE) per BOE yielded good results again in 2010, with a 9-percent year-over-year reduction. A significant portion of our record sales volumes and reserve growth resulted from accelerated activity in our U.S. onshore shale plays, where we have established a net risked resource potential of approximately 1.5 billion BOE from just these play types. Increased production from the Eagleford Shale, and other resource plays with higher liquids yields such as Wattenberg, Bone Spring and Greater Natural Buttes, generated very attractive margins and contributed to an overall increase in liquids sales volumes of 13 percent relative to 2009. A $1.5 billion joint-venture program, coupled with infrastructure expansions and strategic service agreements, enabled Anadarko to achieve substantial growth in the Marcellus Shale play with an exit rate of approximately 330 million gross cubic feet per day. The Marcellus was the only major area where we continued to drill solely for dry natural gas, due to the proximity to premium markets that further enhance the already robust economics of the play. Just prior to year end, we achieved the delivery of first oil from the Jubilee field offshore Ghana, in record time for a project of this nature. We expect Jubilee to serve as a foundation to build upon in West Africa, given our additional exploration success and sizable opportunities in the region. Opportunities to expand our activities also exist in Mozambique, where we announced three of the largest discoveries in all of Africa during 2010 with the Windjammer, Barquentine and Lagosta wells. Based on the expected resource potential of these natural gas discoveries, we are moving forward with an appraisal program and evaluating LNG commercialization options. In total, the exploration team was successful on about 60 percent of our offshore wells in 2010 with discoveries in Brazil, Ghana, Indonesia, Mozambique, Sierra Leone and the United States. We also achieved a 100-percent success rate in our 2010 appraisal program, which included four successful appraisal and/or sidetrack wells in the Gulf of Mexico, prior to the government-mandated moratorium. The tragic Deepwater Horizon event in April 2010, and the regulatory uncertainty that followed, created challenges for many deepwater operators. It also demonstrated the depth and flexibility of our portfolio, as we effectively reallocated capital, strengthened our balance sheet and enhanced liquidity in a manner that enabled us to exceed our corporate operating objectives for the year. Importantly, this event continues to serve as a vivid reminder of the significance of safety and environmental stewardship in our business. We remain committed to working with all stakeholders to ensure our operations are conducted in a manner that protects life, land, water and air. Consistent with this commitment, we earned our second Utah Earth Day Award, achieved an additional LEED® Certification for our corporate headquarters facilities in The Woodlands and were instrumental in helping the Ground Water Protection Council create a voluntary, state-based system for disclosing the contents of hydraulic fracturing fluids through a public registry. Also of note, Anadarko was named Houston's Top Workplace and received special recognition for our corporate ethics from the Houston Chronicle. We have often stated that the talent and skills of our employees are key to our success ­ certainly this was the case again in 2010, as their efforts and achievements helped bring about a strong recovery in our share price. We thank them for their commitment and hard work and we thank you, our shareholders, for your support during 2010 and for recognizing the embedded value in Anadarko. We look forward to continuing to build upon the record results of 2010, both this year and well into the future. Warm regards,

James J T T. H Hackett k tt Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

