













To Our Shareholders,
Few companies have demonstrated the resilience that Anadarko has over the last decade to successfully manage through the variety of challenges we have faced.In 2015, we shifted our focus toward value enhancement rather than growth. We delivered very strong operating results that surpassed our initial expectations, with improved efficiencies and a reduction of $500 million in controllable spending, while closing $2 billion of monetizations and delivering an increase of 14 million barrels of higher-margin oil sales volumes over the previous year.
As a company, we achieved a number of successes and milestones, from record production in Colorado's DJ Basin, increased resource size and stacked-pay potential in the West Texas Delawaer Basin, a play-opening discovery offshore Colombia with our very first well there, and reaching important agreements to advance our world-class LNG project in Mozambiqu. Additionally, in January 2015, we achieved first oil at our largestGulf of Mexico spar facility, Lucius, only three years after sanctioning the project, and then followed up that success with first oil at the Heidelbergspar in January 2016.
Our employees coupled these operational achievements with a continued commitment toward safety and protecting the environment, while steadily improving the compatibility of our operations with the communities in which we operate. We continued our trend of industry-leading safety performance with a 2015 employee total recordable incident rate (TRIR) of 0.34, while logging more than 20 million man-hours in construction yards around the world in delivering both the Lucius and Heidelbergspar developments with no lost­ time incidents.
We continued to enhance transparency through an expanded Responsibliity section on our website that includes in-depth information on hydraulic fracturing, greenhouse gas emissions ,water management, corporate governance, stakeholder engagement, community investment and much more. These improvements led to a doubling of our score on the Disclosing the Facts investor scorecard, which moved Anadarko into the top quartile of companies.
Looking ahead, in 2016 we expect the operating and financial environment to again be very difficult and challenging. In response, we've reduced our capital program by almost 50 percent versus 2015 and about 70 percent relative to 2014. We expect to again remain financially disciplined by investing within cash inflows, as we have done consistently for the last six years. In 2015, we achieved this even as oil prices declined by almost 50 percent. During the first three months of this year, our discipline of investing within cash inflows continues, while we have generated approximately$1.3 billion in monetizations. Additionally, in February of this year, our Board of Directors reduced our dividend by more than 80 percent, which will provide about $450 million of additional cash per annum to enhance our operational and financial flexibility.
Our focus moving forward remains on pursuing value over growth, protecting our balance sheet and reducing net debt, enhancing our wellhead margins with further efficiency gains, reducing our capital intensity, aggressively managing our portfolio, and most importantly, maintaining our culture and values. I believe we are well posiitoned to weather the challenges our industry continues to face. We grealty appreciate the focus and dedication of our employees, who continue to make us a better company and we thank you for your investment in Anadarko.
Sincerely,
Wc&c--
R. A. Walker
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
