To Our Shareholders,
Anadarko continued to deliver strong operating results in 2013, building upon our superior five-year track record of sustained growth and unmatched optionality. During 2013, we achieved: record sales volumes of 285 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), representing a 7-percent increase in daily sales volumes over the previous year; a reserve-replacement ratio of 194 percent, before the effects of price revisions; a 67-percent success rate from our deepwater exploration/appraisal activities, which significantly exceeded industry performance for the fifth consecutive year; and the monetization of approximately $4.5 billion of announced asset sales. Importantly, these results were attained while delivering the best employee safety performance in the company's history. In 2013, our capital-efficient U.S. onshore assets delivered an overall 12-percent increase in sales volumes, from 519,000 BOE per day in 2012 to 583,000 BOE per day in 2013, driven by a 25-percent increase in higher-margin oil volumes. Leading this liquids growth was the Wattenberg Horizontal program in northeast Colorado, which also generates the strongest returns in Anadarko's portfolio. Also in 2013, we concentrated our core Wattenberg position through an acreage exchange and advanced key infrastructure expansions and takeaway capacity to facilitate significant future growth in the field. We also achieved production records in the liquids-rich Eagleford Shale and East Texas/ North Louisiana program, and we look forward to expanding upon our exciting early results in the Wolfcamp Shale oil play in West Texas, with an accelerated drilling program in 2014. Taken together, our ability to find, develop and produce onshore resources led Wood Mackenzie to announce in a December 2013 study that Anadarko was the top company in our industry for creating value from U.S. onshore resources. First oil was achieved at El Merk in Algeria during 2013, highlighting an active year of mega-project developments. We progressed our world-scale Mozambique LNG project and sanctioned our second major oil development offshore Ghana at the TEN complex. Our 80,000-barrel-per-day Lucius spar was successfully installed in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and is expected to achieve first oil on schedule, later this year, just three years from sanction. At our look-alike Heidelberg development, we're replicating the efficient cycletime of Lucius with first oil expected in 2016, also just three years from sanction. Our 67-percent deepwater exploration/appraisal success rate continued to lead the industry. This success included two of IHS Energy's 2013 top-ten worldwide discoveries and the emergence of the Shenandoah Basin, which has the potential to be among the largest oil accumulations ever discovered in the Gulf of Mexico. We are the only company with ownership in all three discoveries in the Shenandoah Basin (Shenandoah, Coronado and Yucatan), and we further enhanced our working interest and operating position during 2013. Throughout our global activities, prudent care of the environment is fundamental. Our focus on conducting business the right way is evidenced by our commitment to constructively engage and cooperate with regulators, NGOs, academia, and other stakeholders to develop and implement leading industry practices. Our commitment was recently demonstrated by working with regulators, the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF), and industry peers to study methane emissions in the U.S. and develop the newly adopted air-quality rules in Colorado. I am also proud of our efforts to manage, conserve and recycle water throughout our U.S. onshore operations, and our leadership in FracFocus.org ensures transparency with all stakeholders as we deliver upon Anadarko's mission of developing energy resources for the health and welfare of a global society. Our strict adherence to our core values, the focus of our employees and our deep portfolio of valuable assets, provide confidence in our ability to manage uncertainty related to the Tronox lawsuit by delivering excellent operating results again in 2014, while working aggressively to protect our stakeholders' interests. I believe no other energy company our size has consistently delivered the achievements that Anadarko has during the last five years, and I'm convinced our best days are ahead of us. Thank you for your investment in Anadarko. Sincerely,

R. A. Walker Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

