 To Our Shareholders,
In most respects, 2016 was one of the most challenging years the oil and natural gas industry has seen in recent memory. Yet for Anadarko, it was a year that provided a tremendous opportunity to demonstrate how leaning on our culture, core values, proven track record and value-creation approach could generate positive change that I believe will provide benefits for years to come.
During 2016, we focused on preserving value and positioning for the future and, frankly, we achieved what few thought we could. First, we lowered our cost structure by about $800 million dollars on an annual basis going forward. Second, we refocused our U.S. onshore portfolio by concentrating on our premier positions in the oil-prone Delaware Basin in West Texas and DJ Basin in northeast Colorado. Third, in the process of high-grading our portfolio, we closed more than $4 billion of asset divestitures during the year, which helped to bolster our cash position and significantly strengthen our balance sheet. Fourth, our improved financial flexibility enabled us to move quickly and to complete an immediately accretive deepwater Gulf of Mexico property acquisition viewed as the transaction of the year by many energy-industry observers. And fifth, we were successful on seven of the eight deepwater exploration and appraisal wells we drilled during the year, including identifying new potential tieback opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico.
As we look ahead, we expect to continue to demonstrate financial discipline by investing within cash inflows, enhancing our wellhead margins and driving further efficiency improvements across our operating areas. We also anticipate further strengthening our cash position by receiving an additional $3.5 billion of proceeds from the previously announced divestitures of our Marcellus and Eagleford shale assets.
In 2017, we will continue to transfer the successful development model we employed in the DJ Basin, which centered on close alignment between our upstream activities and midstream expansions, to the exciting growth opportunity we have in the Delaware Basin. As a result of the property acquisition in the Gulf of Mexico, we are now the operator of the largest array of deepwater floating facilities in the Gulf. When you combine this enhanced position and high-margin oil production with our international oil-producing assets in Algeria and Ghana, we expect to generate substantial free cash flow in the intermediate term to support the growth of our U.S. onshore assets, resulting in a company-wide, five-year compounded annual growth rate in oil production of more than 15 percent. In addition, we maintain the material upside opportunities provided by our industry-leading deepwater exploration program and emerging LNG business.
I am incredibly proud of the achievements mentioned above, as well as the safe and environmentally protective manner in which each was accomplished. Furthermore, I am deeply thankful for the tireless efforts of our employees. Their talent and determination, coupled with an improving commodity market, enable us to enter 2017 with a bright future. As a result, I believe Anadarko is better positioned today to deliver value than at any time in the 11-plus years I have been at the company. Thank you for your investment in Anadarko.
Sincerely,
R. A. Walker
Chairman, President and CEO
    