To Our Shareholders:
Anadarko delivered outstanding operational and financial results in 2012. The unique depth, flexibility and quality we've built into Anadarko's portfolio enabled us to overcome the challenges associated with a 30-percent year-over-year drop in natural gas prices. We achieved record sales volumes, representing 8-percent growth exceeding our original estimate by 10 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), and replaced 162 percent of production for less than $15 per BOE, before the effects of price revisions1. Much of Anadarko's 2012 success was driven by the record performance of our capital-efficient U.S. onshore growth plays, four of which surpassed gross processed production milestones of 100,000 BOE per day. Across these operating areas, we captured significant cost savings and improved price realizations by capitalizing on our enabling midstream infrastructure, economies of scale and our employees' continuous efforts to drive efficiencies into every segment of our business. The Wattenberg Horizontal play in northeast Colorado solidified its status as a premier asset in 2012, delivering rates of return exceeding 100 percent. We increased the net resources in the field to more than 1 billion BOE and increased the identified drilling locations to more than 4,000, which translates to more than $15 billion of pre-tax value. Anadarko's mega projects also contributed to the company's growth and value creation during 2012 with significant sales volumes of high-margin oil. In the Gulf of Mexico, we achieved first oil from the Caesar/Tonga project, which was recognized with the Platts Global Energy Award for engineering excellence. Oil production at the Jubilee field offshore Ghana surpassed 110,000 barrels per day, and our partnership submitted a Plan of Development for our next major FPSO (floating production, storage and offloading vessel) project in the area. Our exploration teams again delivered industry-leading results with a 67-percent success rate on our deepwater exploration and appraisal wells in 2012, which included two of the world's largest discoveries offshore Mozambique. These discoveries at Golfinho and Atum doubled the estimated recoverable natural gas resources in our Offshore Area 1, which also includes the Prosperidade complex, to a range of 35 to 65-plus trillion cubic feet (Tcf). We also made significant progress in advancing this transformational LNG (liquefied natural gas) project and are on track to certify reserves later this year and achieve first LNG cargoes in 2018. Anadarko's commitment to operate in a sustainable fashion, placing high priority on safety, protecting public health and environmental stewardship, was demonstrated through our leading participation in FracFocus, an online public registry for disclosing the ingredients used in hydraulic fracturing. We also played a leading role in the creation of the Appalachian Shale Recommended Practices Group, which established best practices and operating principles for producers in the Appalachian Basin. We received the Environment and Community Relations Award from the state regulatory agency in Colorado and were recognized by the U.S. Department of the Interior for our collaborative approach to securing approval for the expansion of Utah's Greater Natural Buttes area. In 2013, we continue to focus on accelerating value for our shareholders as demonstrated last year with monetizations totaling more than $1.3 billion, plus the highly successful initial public offering of our Western Gas Equity Partners, LP subsidiary, which established a market value of more than $6.8 billion for Anadarko's 91-percent interest2. We remain committed to our industry-leading exploration program and expect to drill approximately 25 deepwater exploration/appraisal wells during the year, including several new play-opening opportunities. Living within cash flow and allocating capital to the highest-margin opportunities in the portfolio, while also strengthening the balance sheet remains a priority. In regards to the Tronox adversary proceeding, which we believe prevented many of our 2012 accomplishments from being fully reflected in our stock price, we are confident in the merits of our case and look forward to receiving clarity in 2013. Anadarko's track record over the last few years has been excellent, and we are grateful for the leadership of my predecessor Jim Hackett. We continued to build momentum in 2012, and we have high expectations for 2013. Thank you for investing in Anadarko. Warm regards,

R. A. Walker President and Chief Executive Officer
1 2

See our website at www.anadarko.com under "Investor Relations" for details on our 2012 Finding and Development Costs and reconciliation to GAAP . Based on the closing price of Western Gas Equity Partners, LP common units as reported by the NYSE on Feb. 20, 2013.

