Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholder: As I write this letter, it's difficult finding words to describe the volatility and turbulence playing out in the world financial markets and the global economy, and the impact on all of us. The financial crisis has spilled over into the general economy. The global manufacturing outlook has turned decidedly negative. And across various sectors, uncertainty is high. In these unprecedented times, what I've been telling Air Products employees around the world is to stay focused on our four priorities: continuing to build on our growth, delivering superior financial returns, staying connected to the opportunities a changing world brings, and developing skills and translating them into a benefit for our company and society. Despite these times, we are not wavering on our commitments to our investors, customers and employees in our quest to be a more focused, less cyclical, higher growth and higher return company. We have taken many important actions over the past few years to standardize our work processes and globalize our businesses. With a single global instance of SAP, we are speaking a universal language to rapidly share information, allowing us to streamline our supply chain. Most importantly, we have built strong positions providing critical gases, related equipment and applications expertise to growing energy, environmental and emerging markets. While there are certainly challenges in the economy in the near term, these areas remain important drivers for growth in the long term.
John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Certain amounts and comparisons to the prior year in this letter are considered non-GAAP measures. Please see page 8 for the comparable GAAP amounts and reconciliations.

4

AIR PRODUCTS 2008 ANNUAL REPORT | Letter to Shareholders

Our Performance
We achieved our fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth in fiscal 2008. We continued to manage our portfolio, divesting our polymer emulsions and high purity process chemicals businesses and making progress toward selling our U.S. healthcare operations. We approached our 15 percent margin goal for the year--clear progress against our commitment to achieve 17 percent margins by 2010. Sales of $10.4 billion were up 14 percent and income from continuing operations of $1.1 billion was up 16 percent from the prior year. Operating income of $1,522 million increased 12 percent, driven by Merchant Gases, up 21 percent, and Tonnage Gases, up 13 percent. Performance Materials showed significant improvement as well, partially offset by Electronics, which declined as a result of a plant fire in Korea and weaker volumes in our fourth quarter. We increased our premium to the cost of capital, driving a 50 basis point improvement in ROCE to 13 percent. We again strengthened our balance sheet, with cash flow from continuing operations of $1.7 billion. Our debt-to-debt plus equity ratio ended the year at 43 percent. Importantly, we retain our strong "A" credit rating both for short-term and long-term financial stability, and we have ready access to the short-term debt market. Capital expenditures were $1.4 billion, including $72 million on acquisitions. The sustained strength of our operating cash flows allowed us to repurchase $787 million in shares--the fourth consecutive year we've bought back $500 million or more of our stock. An additional $650 million in share repurchase authorization remains. In keeping with our long-standing tradition, 2008 also marked our 26th consecutive year of dividend increases for shareholders. Above all, I am very proud of our Air Products employees throughout the world. They delivered this outstanding performance while once again achieving benchmark environmental, health and safety performance.

Growth Serving the "Es"
In today's world, customers and communities demand sustainable solutions, and we have a long history of product and technology innovation to address market needs. By their very nature, our gases and materials boost energy efficiency, increase the throughput and capital efficiency of machinery and equipment, enhance end product quality, and improve environmental performance. These benefits become even more critical for our customers in challenging times. For example, the skills that have made us the global leader in refinery hydrogen--project development, operational excellence, complex process operations and project execution--have given us a distinct advantage serving growing energy areas such as gasification, gas-to-liquids, oil sands conversion and nonconventional fuels processing. We brought six Tonnage plants onstream in fiscal 2008, including a new nitrogen facility supporting PEMEX's enhanced oil recovery goals in Mexico, and our second hydrogen plant for Petro-Canada's refinery in Edmonton, Alberta.

5

We also announced a number of significant new business signings, including contracts with US Steel at Nanticoke, Ontario, Canada; Total Petrochemicals in Port Arthur, Texas; Weihe Clean Energy in Western China; Eastman Chemical's gasification project in Beaumont, Texas; and ExxonMobil's refineries in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and Baytown, Texas. Meanwhile, we are leveraging our large plant and applications experience to support the development of oxyfuel technology for greenhouse gas mitigation. With an eye toward the future, our hydrogen fueling and infrastructure leadership now includes more than 90 fueling stations in 15 countries. In fact, once considered "future" energy and environmental market opportunities are quickly becoming reality today. During 2008, we won several bulk and specialty gas contracts serving photovoltaic manufacturers. Our low-k and high-k dielectric specialty materials have become essential for leapfrogging current technology and developing more powerful and more energyefficient electronic devices. Market penetration of our performance materials--like our ecofriendly Tomadol® surfactants and Anquamine® epoxy curing agents--continues to improve, with new products increasing 30 percent over the prior year. We operate in over 40 countries, and today nearly 60 percent of our sales are outside of the U.S. Along with growing opportunities in energy and environmental markets, we are well positioned to capture growth in emerging geographies, from China and Asia at large, to Central/Eastern Europe, to the Middle East. In China, we are building strategic positions serving growing steel, chemicals and glass customers. In Central and Eastern Europe, we continue to capitalize on our Poland acquisition by expanding into neighboring areas like Russia, where we are winning new supply contracts. In the Middle East, through a recent joint venture, we are building two new air separation units to supply oxygen and nitrogen for local iron, steel and glass production. In a number of high growth regions, we have chosen to work with partners to more quickly develop the market. Our largest equity affiliate positions are in Mexico, Italy, South Africa, Thailand and India, and they have become a significant differentiator. All told, equity affiliates delivered $145 million in income during the year. On a 100 percent basis, they achieved $2.3 billion in

Doing the right thing is important, which is where strategy comes in. But doing that thing well--execution--is what sets companies apart.
Jeffrey Pfeffer, Stanford professor and author

revenue, 12 percent growth over the prior year.

Execution
Over the past years, we've invested in the best tools, including a single instance of SAP, global work processes, shared service centers and a company-wide continuous improvement process. We've underpinned this investment with a global organization, directly aligning our people, capital and R&D to support markets and businesses where we feel we can grow faster than our competitors. We also have continued to drive down SG&A as a

percentage of sales, bringing it to 10.5 percent for the year.

6

AIR PRODUCTS 2008 ANNUAL REPORT | Letter to Shareholders

With these collective efforts as a foundation, we are executing to take Air Products to a new level of performance. It starts with achieving our 17 percent margin goal by 2010. This commitment will require steady progress over the next two years, delivering growth, strong pricing, and increased productivity. This includes using our investments in global systems and processes to further lower our finance, IT and customer service costs; increase maintenance efficiency; and leverage our global buying power. We will apply Six Sigma techniques to boost energy efficiency at our plants and will reduce our distribution expenses through more fuel-efficient equipment and optimized scheduling. The goal of these actions is to reduce the cost of doing business.

Eyes toward the Future
In the next year, we see significantly slowing global manufacturing growth. That said, we plan to bring 20 new plants onstream, representing nearly $500 million of new capital, delivering growth in these challenging times. In the longer term, we see excellent demand for our products and significant growth prospects. Projects supplying hydrogen for clean fuels and oxygen for gasification and capturing carbon emissions, for example, will be key drivers of our increased capital spending. In closing, while I believe we are in unprecedented times, our employees--most of whom are shareholders--are more committed than ever to delivering increased shareholder value. I have great faith in our people--they are up to the challenge of driving Air Products to be an even more focused, less cyclical, higher growth and higher return company.

Very truly yours,

John E. McGlade Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

