dear shareholders:
"Drive profitable top line growth and return on capital...with passion." That's the fiscal 2005 goal we set for ourselves at the end of our very successful 2004. And there's no doubt we delivered on that commitment. As we continued to advance the strategies we set in motion five years ago, our performance gains again hit the bottom line. Despite the impact of several unprecedented natural disasters, including three U.S. hurricanes, soaring energy and raw material costs, and pricing pressure in some of our key markets, Air Products people rose to the challenge. You don't have to look much further than our teams in the Gulf Coast area to see their courage and resourcefulness in action. Most of our people had to deal with significant personal losses, but they have carried on in ways we can all be proud of. They made sure that our employees and our facilities stayed safe and worked diligently to return our plants to service as quickly as possible. This year we reached a very important milestone--the 65th anniversary of Air Products. We were once again reminded that the opportunities of our future are rooted in the successes of our past. It all started with dedicated oxygen plants to serve the steel industry that forever changed how industrial gases were supplied to large baseload customers. And the evolutionary journey has continued, from the small nitrogen pipeline in Santa Clara, California that started our global Electronics business, to the joint ventures that have developed into the Asian growth we see today, to the relationships that have made us the world's largest supplier of hydrogen to refineries. Today, with global customers in energy, technology, industrial and healthcare markets striving to become more productive and sustainable, the gases, chemicals, equipment and services we supply have become even more essential to their operations. In fact, in many cases, not only do we make our customers' products better--we help make them possible. Often without "us," there would be no "them." And we're with them everywhere, delivering value and innovation. That's what our Annual Report this year is all about.

John Jones Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

...not only do we make our customers' products better--we help make them " possible. And we're with them everywhere, delivering value and innovation."
3

letter to shareholders continued

Our results speak volumes about progress
We posted significant improvements in sales, earnings and return on capital in fiscal 2005. Record sales of $8.1 billion were up 10% and net income of $712 million was up 18%. Diluted earnings per share of $3.08 was up 17%. Our return on capital (ORONA) improved to 10.3%. Specifically:
n

Driving productivity, improving  returns
At the beginning of the year, we committed to deliver a step change in productivity. Overall, our people completed more than 1,000 productivity projects, producing about $150 million of gross benefits. This included activities like customer segmentation; supply chain improvements such as strategic purchasing, distribution and logistics optimization; and plant improvement projects. We also dramatically reduced redundancies in our IT systems and now have about 80% of our revenues across 12 countries operating on a common SAP ERP system. From taking orders to raising prices, we are sharing common processes across our divisions globally. Most importantly, we continued to improve our return on capital, increasing it 80 basis points to 10.3% for the year. This was significant progress over our 9.5% cost of capital and marked seven consecutive quarters of ORONA increases. Improving ORONA even further--toward our fiscal 2007 goal of 12.5%--remains our highest priority.

Gases segment sales of $5.8 billion increased 12% over  the prior year. Gases operating income of $842 million was up 5% on strong volumes, which were partially offset by Electronics price erosion, increased energy and natural gas costs, and costs associated with Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, which hit the Gulf Coast in late August and September.

n

Chemicals segment sales of $1.9 billion increased 5% due  to higher prices and pass-through contract provisions, both in response to raw material cost increases. Overall, volumes were modestly weaker year-on-year due to pricing actions. Chemicals operating income of $157 million rose 35% as we achieved our margin targets and improved our returns above the cost of capital.

Market strengths and innovation: new opportunities ahead
This year, we laid the groundwork for significant growth in 2006 and beyond--growth that is already under contract.
n

n 

Equipment segment sales of $401 million increased  11% over the prior year, and operating income of $45 million increased significantly, mainly on higher LNG heat exchanger orders. We expect our patented AP-X® technology, which has become the industry benchmark, to give us a competitive advantage for years to come.

S ix new hydrogen plants are scheduled to come onstream  in 2006, expanding our hydrogen capacity by 35% and boosting our annual hydrogen and related sales of approximately $1.3 billion by more than $400 million.

Cash flow from operations hit $1.4 billion, including pension contributions of $133 million, and our free cash flow was a strong $436 million. Our debt-to-debt plus equity ratio ended the year at 35%, better than plan and placing us solidly within the "A" credit rating range. Maintaining our disciplined approach to investing for growth, our capital spending, including acquisitions, came in at $1,043 million, with plant and equipment spending at $930 million. We also completed a $500 million share buy-back program, reflecting our strong financial position, and we increased our dividend by 10%, marking our twenty-third consecutive year of increases.
4

n

O ur Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania equipment manufacturing  facility is expanding 30% to meet increased equipment orders, particularly for LNG heat exchangers. With 11 exchangers and a record backlog of $652 million, we expect Equipment profits of $70­80 million in fiscal 2006.

n

I n Electronics, we expect seven new facilities to come  onstream over the next two years to serve the growing semiconductor and liquid crystal display (LCD) markets in Asia. We believe volume growth in specialty materials like

of our success over the past 65 years has been based on adapting "...much  to our changing markets and delivering innovation ahead of the curve."

nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) will continue given our new contract wins and our position as the world's largest and lowest-cost producer of this material.
n

Homecare patients in seven regions of England and Wales  will be served by Air Products under a new multiyear contract that will add about $20 million to revenues in fiscal 2006 alone. In addition, our U.S. homecare acquisitions continue to drive growth in the business.

the largest companies in the world. And we were recognized as a leading company in the Carbon Disclosure Project's Climate Leadership Index for the second consecutive year based on our responses to climate change risks and opportunities.

Back to the future
I'm proud to say that much of our success over the past 65 years has been based on adapting to our changing markets and delivering innovation ahead of the curve. In fact, one of the key strengths of Air Products people is developing nextgeneration materials and solutions to solve future processing and technology challenges. As they say, "The foolish change. The wise evolve." And that's just what Air Products has done: evolve. Based on the progress we have made this year, we see another year of solid earnings growth and improved returns on the horizon. Although fiscal 2006 will present economic challenges given continued impacts from the 2005 hurricanes, slower global manufacturing growth, and higher natural gas and energy prices, we believe we can continue our evolution while growing our earnings. As CEO, I am very proud of what the people of Air Products have accomplished over these past five years, and I look forward to the opportunities ahead. Our team is committed to the challenging but achievable goals we have set for ourselves: improving our return on capital, growing our earnings, and continuing to make Air Products an investment that rewards its shareholders. Very truly yours,

n

We expect to generate nearly $12 million in contributions  to Chemicals operating income in fiscal 2006 from new Performance Materials products we have introduced. And we are pioneering new nanotechnology innovations; an electrolyte salt for safe, large-scale lithium batteries; and conducting polymers for display technologies that have tremendous market potential.

n

In Asia, we are scheduled to bring six major facilities  onstream to serve strong underlying market growth across the region over the next few years. Going forward, we see some of our best opportunities there, given our leadership positions in Korea and Taiwan and our growing presence in China serving the industries where we have competitive advantage.

Taking our responsibilities seriously
With our focus on growth and innovation, we also take our responsibility to be a good corporate citizen seriously. In this year's report, the stories we tell show how our products and services benefit our customers and afford people a better quality of life, from our hydrogen that makes refinery fuels cleaner-burning to our Performance Materials that deliver real environmental benefits. Sustainability is a strategic issue, and by providing customers with innovative solutions to reduce waste, comply with environmental regulations, reduce their footprint and improve their performance, we can be a leader in this area. We are very proud to be included again in the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability and FTSE4Good indices, which track the economic, environmental and social performance of

John P. Jones III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
5

