John Jones (left), Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Products, visited employees at Carburos Metálicos, Air Products' Spanish subsidiary, in October. Here, John talks with Erwin Zwicky, vice president, Southern Europe, and Mireia Sans Blasco, who works in human resources through the company's Career Development Program.

to our shareholders

4

Over the past few years, we have all learned that the unusual has become the usual, the unexpected has become the expected and change is constant. I tell employees it may not be fair or logical, but it is reality and we must deal with it. Our reality in 2003 was that despite a well-defined strategy and the hard work and focused efforts of our people, we did not meet the financial goals we set for ourselves and our shareholders. We are aggressively managing those things within our control, and the many actions we took in 2003 laid the groundwork for 2004. We are determined more than ever to prove that the strategies and the tough portfolio management decisions we've made over the last several years are working to deliver results to the bottom line. Our team understands that the greatest opportunity to improve near-term performance is to capitalize on our operating leverage. But we're not solely dependent on improving volumes. We also know we must continue our disciplined approach to capital spending while increasing productivity and actively managing our portfolio. In this report, we will tell you more about our growth areas, products, markets and geographies that support our strategy. We think we offer more--a difference. In 2004, we are determined to deliver that difference to our shareholders.
tell me

more
5

To Our Shareholders continued

Our Results
The challenges in fiscal 2003 were significant. The manufacturing environment was sluggish, resulting in weak volumes and delayed capital investment by our customers. Through the first half, we saw the continuation of the most pronounced downturn in the history of the electronics industry. And we experienced high and volatile energy and raw material costs throughout the year. We posted earnings per share of $1.78, which included a $.43 charge for our global cost reduction plan. While earnings were down from last year, there is solid evidence that our strategies are the right ones to deliver superior performance going forward. For example, overall revenue growth for the company was a robust 17 percent, with Gases up 21 percent and Chemicals up 10 percent. Our base business growth and acquisitions accounted for two-thirds of the Gases improvement and half of the Chemicals improvement. Gases operating income declined $29 million, including a $71 million increase in the net expense for global cost reduction plans. It benefited from improved volumes across most businesses, acquisitions and favorable currency effects--good performance in a tough environment. Chemicals operating income declined $105 million, including a $55 million increase in the net expense for global cost reduction plans. These disappointing results were impacted by over $50 million in higher raw material and energy costs. Additionally, we had a weak year in our Equipment segment, primarily due to lower LNG heat exchanger activity. Bottom line, the improved performance of our Gases segment was more than offset by the weaker results in our Chemicals and Equipment segments. Our highest priority is to improve earnings and returns by focusing on our strengths and by removing impediments to our progress. In Chemicals, we are continuing our portfolio management actions to sharpen our business mix, and we are taking definitive steps to reduce the volatility caused by raw materials. For example, we will have a new methanol sourcing arrangement from Trinidad starting in the spring of 2004; we have closed our Pensacola, Florida methanol and ammonia production facilities; and we announced plans to sell our European methylamines and derivatives business. And in Equipment, our LNG customers appear ready to place some new orders that will be key to improved earnings in that business.
John Jones and José Luis Mozo Gayo, general manager, Merchant Gases, talk about the Air Products brand alignment program being implemented at Carburos.

Fundamentally, we believe we offer more to our shareholders. Despite lower earnings this year, we remain one of the more stable companies in the chemical sector. Our market and product diversity and our attractive business models create consistently strong cash flows. And we have significant earnings leverage ahead in an improving economy with the assets we have in the ground today, particularly in electronics, chemicals and merchant gases. We believe our strategies, our disciplined approach to capital spending, and our leadership positions in growth markets set us apart. At the start of the fiscal year, we articulated our four strategic areas of focus: growth, portfolio management, work process and change. These four areas are critical to achieving our vision of becoming the best company to invest in, buy from and work for. And we've made great progress in each area, taking advantage of a number of opportunities to shape our future.

More Growth Potential
We remained committed to our four global growth platforms-- Electronics, Performance Materials, Refinery Hydrogen and Energy Solutions, and Healthcare--and our positions are unique. This year, we invested 75 percent of our capital and R&D on these areas. The growth in these markets is real and durable. I invite you to read more about the exciting things we're doing in each of these businesses in the next section of this report. Today they represent more than 50 percent of our portfolio, up from about one-third just two years ago. Over time, our growth platform focus is steadily shifting us to a higher-growth, higher-return company--and a less capital-intensive one as well.

6

It's also critical that we focus on the right geographies with the best opportunities. Asia represents more than 15 percent of our total company sales, and we know it will become an increasingly bigger part of Air Products in the years to come. We have strong positions in electronics, base gases, chemicals and services that will drive our continued success. We are leaders today in Korea and Taiwan and are expanding our presence in China for the longer term.

Significant Portfolio Management Changes
Portfolio management is an ongoing process. We have to constantly evaluate our businesses and their performance in the market and then make targeted and sometimes difficult decisions. In fiscal 2003, we were very active, making both strategic acquisitions--like our purchase of Ashland Specialty Chemical Company's Electronic Chemicals business in August 2003 and our acquisition of American Homecare Supply in October 2002--and strategic divestitures, like the sale of our Canadian packaged gas business. On page 13, you can see a list of the major actions we've taken this fiscal year. Portfolio management is a disciplined process, and we will continue to provide strong direction and objectives to help our businesses achieve their targets.

And we couldn't have accomplished what we did in this challenging year without Air Products' people, their willingness to accept change and their commitment to our strategies. They have worked extremely hard to transform this company to a future with higher growth and returns, all with a continuing commitment to safety, operational excellence and innovation. Our people have a passion for serving customers, actively participating in their communities and caring for the environment. Their efforts helped us become selected as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indexes--2004, as well as make great strides in our other corporate responsibility initiatives.

More Work Process Improvements Ahead
A great deal of work was completed this year to converge many of our diverse business processes into global processes. To improve our efficiency and effectiveness in supplying customers--while achieving the financial benefits we have targeted in our SAP program--we are integrating supply chain activities across customer service, purchasing and manufacturing to better serve our businesses. Today about 30 percent of our revenues are on the SAP system, and in the spring that number will increase to about 70 percent. More effective ordering, faster cycle times and improved e-business capabilities will help us bring value to customers while reducing our overall cost to serve.

John Jones with environmental, health, safety and quality assistants María José Pascual Quintas (left) and Felicia Soler Pérez (background), and José María de Pablo Jardón, environmental, health, safety and quality manager, Southern Europe and Medical.

Embracing Change
We completed several planned succession moves this year, transitioning to new operating leadership. I want to personally acknowledge and thank Bob Gadomski and Andy Cummins for their combined 60 years of outstanding leadership and countless contributions to this company. We all wish them well in their retirements. And we expect a seamless transition with their successors, Mark Bye and John McGlade, two excellent leaders with broad experience across many businesses and geographies.

A Focused Future
Our priorities for fiscal 2004 are to drive earnings growth and improve return on capital. To do this, we will increase asset utilization, manage our portfolio, strengthen our global growth platforms, deliver on our process improvement commitments and invest in our people--the heart of the Air Products difference. We tell you more about these priorities on the following pages. And you can expect more from Air Products--we will deliver on our commitments to create lasting shareholder value.

John P. Jones III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

