Message to Shareholders
We are steadily transforming Air Products into a more
focused, less cyclical, higher growth and higher return company. Fiscal 2006 was our third consecutive year of double-digit sales and earnings growth and meaningful improvement in return on capital. In addition to the solid operating performance our people delivered, we overcame the challenges presented by last year's hurricanes; made the decision to explore the sale and restructuring of a major portion of our Chemicals business; divested our amines business and our dinitrotoluene (DNT) plant in Geismar, Louisiana; acquired Tomah3 Products to grow our Performance Materials business; reorganized the company to be consistent with our strategy going forward; and completed the first $500 million of our $1.5 billion share repurchase program. It was nothing short of a remarkable year of change and progress. Our people once again showed their capacity for managing change while driving growth and productivity to the bottom line.
Certain amounts and comparisons to the prior year in this letter are considered non-GAAP measures. Please see page 17 for the comparable GAAP amounts and reconciliations.

4

We are Air Products.

Sales of $8.9 billion were up 14%; income from continuing operations of $795 million was up 17%; and diluted EPS from continuing operations of $3.50 was up 19% over the prior year. The 2006 amounts exclude corporate reorganization charges, and the 2005 amounts include the pro forma impact of stock option expensing. This strong performance was driven by higher volumes across most of our business segments, particularly Merchant Gases, Tonnage Gases, and Electronics and Performance Materials, and higher activity in the Equipment and Energy segment. Despite continued pricing pressure in electronic specialty materials, strong volume increases in this area outpaced pricing declines. Our Healthcare segment did not perform up to expectations, but we are taking actions to drive significant improvements in this business over the next year.

Reorganizing for Growth and Returns
Establishing leadership for our continued evolution into a higher return and growth-oriented company, our Board of Directors appointed John McGlade President and Chief Operating Officer. And with the September sale of our amines business to Taminco N.V. for $211 million and the marketing of our polymers business, we completed a reorganization that clearly aligns our organizational structure to our strategic direction. At the end of the fiscal year, we began reporting results for six new business segments.

John P. Jones III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

5

John E. McGlade President and Chief Operating Officer

· In our Merchant Gases segment, we saw strong volume performance in all regions, supported by new customer signings and price increases to recover higher costs despite hurricane impacts. Sales of $2.7 billion increased 10%, and operating income of $470 million was up 18% over the prior year. We saw particular strength in Asia, where liquid oxygen/nitrogen volumes were up 23%.

Message to Shareholders

· The Tonnage Gases segment delivered strong volumes from our six new refinery hydrogen plants and base business growth. Sales of $2.2 billion increased 28% over the prior year, with customer shutdowns and onstream delays from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita tempering the increase. Operating income of $341 million increased 39% over the prior year from higher volumes, insurance recoveries and a favorable change in customer mix and efficiencies. ·O  ur Electronics and Performance Materials segment had another strong year of volume growth, primarily from electronic specialty materials volumes driven by semiconductor and flat-panel display market demand. Sales of $1.9 billion were up 12%, and operating income of $195 million increased 48% over the prior year on these strong volumes and the Tomah3 acquisition. ·E  quipment and Energy segment sales of $537 million increased 45%, and operating income of $69 million was up significantly, driven primarily by orders for our liquefied natural gas (LNG) heat exchangers and air separation units. At the end of the year, we had 10 LNG heat exchangers in the backlog. Our AP-X® LNG technology continues to set a new, worldclass standard in the industry, with the ability to produce 50% more capacity from a single liquefaction plant. · Our Healthcare segment had a disappointing 2006 due to operational issues in our U.S. business and higher than anticipated start-up costs from our new home oxygen contract in the U.K. Sales of $571 million increased 5% over the prior year on the new Europe volumes, including a small acquisition and the full-year effect of our U.S. acquisitions in 2005, offset by volume declines in our U.S. business. Operating income of $8 million decreased $71 million on higher costs, including a fourth quarter U.S. inventory adjustment of $17 million. Turning this business around is a top priority, and we see this as an upside going forward. · The Chemicals segment includes our remaining polymers business, which is currently being marketed to potential buyers, and our polyurethane intermediates (PUI) business, which is being restructured. Sales of $908 million declined 4%, and operating income of $64 million declined 21% over the prior year, primarily due to customer shutdowns and the divestiture of our DNT plant in the PUI business. Our financial position is strong. Cash flow from continuing operations hit $1.3 billion, including pension contributions of $130 million. Our debt-to-debt plus equity ratio ended the year at 35.8%, ahead of expectations and placing us solidly within the "A" credit rating range. Capital spending for continuing operations, including acquisitions, came in at $1.4 billion, with plant and equipment spending at $1.3 billion, including $297 million for the repurchase of cryogenic vessel equipment. As in 2005, additions to plant and equipment in 2006 were

6

We are Air Products.

largely in support of our Merchant Gases, Tonnage Gases, and Electronics and Performance Materials segments. We also made significant progress on our share repurchase, completing the first $500 million of our fiscal 2006 $1.5 billion program. In addition, we again increased our dividend, our 24th consecutive year of increases.

Achieving Our Highest Priority: Improving Returns
Perhaps most importantly, we again improved return on capital (ORONA), increasing it 130 basis points to 11.3% for the year. This was significant progress over our 10% cost of capital and progress toward our stated goal of 12.5% ORONA by the end of fiscal 2007. We also continued to drive productivity, and we are now using SAP's functionality in approximately 80% of our operations, streamlining our global supply chain and making it easier for customers to do business with us.

Our Commitment: Deliver Again in Fiscal 2007
We begin our fiscal year building off the strong momentum we experienced in our fourth quarter. While we expect slower economic growth in 2007, we see healthy top-line growth continuing to drive higher earnings and returns. We will continue to drive productivity improvement as we focus on achieving our 2007 return on capital goal of 12.5% ORONA. Our Merchant and Tonnage Gases segments should benefit from the new plants we've brought onstream, as well as from operating leverage and increased productivity. Our Electronics and Performance Materials segment should see improved results, driven by end-market demand and new product innovations, as well as portfolio simplification. Meanwhile, we expect our Healthcare business to begin to show significant improvement from higher U.S. volumes and lower operating costs in Europe as well as the U.S. In closing, over the past six years of Deliver the Difference, our more than 20,000 employees have made incredible changes in the company and have overcome many challenges in pursuit of transforming Air Products into a higher growth and higher return company. I am very proud of them for their hard work and unfailing focus. We are now beginning to experience that transformation, and indeed, it is their passion, integrity and understanding that tell our customers and the world, "We are Air Products." Very truly yours,

John P. Jones, III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

7

