  Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2011 was another record year for Amphenol.
The Company achieved new records in sales and EPS while sustaining industry-leading operating margins.
2 Sales grew 11% over 2010 to $3.94 billion. 2 EPS grew 13%* to $3.05.
2 Operating margins achieved 19.2%*, despite
significant and pervasive inflationary pressures.
2 Free cash flow was $465 million, a clear reflection of
our strong financial discipline. *excluding one-time items
The Company’s superior levels of growth and profitability in 2011 amidst an extremely challenging cost and market environment further strengthened our industry-leading financial position, creating a solid platform for future performance.
Our high technology position with customers in a diverse range of electronics markets is positioning us to capitalize on the opportunities created by the electronics revolution.
In 2011, the revolution in electronics across all of our end markets accelerated. As new electronic functional- ities have been developed and implemented at an ever more rapid pace, the premium that our customers place on leading edge interconnect technologies has expanded. Our worldwide organization is focused on partnering with customers in all markets to develop innovative interconnect technologies that drive overall equipment performance to higher levels. Our focus on technologies
We invested in new plating technologies which allowed the Company to secure strong operating margins in the face of unprecedented material cost inflation.
that enable mobility, support ever higher bandwidth, minimize power consumption and enable functionality in harsh environments, has positioned us as the interconnect supplier of choice to our customers in the many diverse markets in which we participate, creating a sustainable performance advantage.
2 The mobile revolution is accelerating, as end users access voice, video and data anywhere and anytime. Mobility is being adopted at a rapid pace across all of our served markets. As this new functionality expands across a diverse set of mobile applications, ranging from mobile phones and tablet computers, to automobiles, to industrial and military aerospace equipment, our orga- nization is working with customers around the world to enable these challenging new applications. Whether con- necting a tablet computer to a next generation wireless network or enabling a tracking system on an advanced mining excavator, these applications require expertise in radio frequency technology. Radio frequency has been one of Amphenol’s core
technologies since our engi-
neers worked with the United
States Military to invent the
world’s first RF connector in
the 1940’s. Our RF offering has expanded during that time to encompass a complete suite of RF products, including connectors, cable assemblies, interconnect systems and antennas. The accelerating proliferation of mobile devices, infrastructure and applications creates an excellent outlook for RF technology.
2 As the expansion of data continues unabated, the infor- mation technology networks supporting communication are experiencing a revolutionary expansion of data-rich applications led by video and other multimedia on the internet, the expansion of e-commerce and the increas- ing adoption of smart mobile devices. This drives the need for a significant expansion in bandwidth and speed in carrier networks and enterprise data centers, creating new demands for high-speed interconnect technology. In 2011, we have continued to develop
our worldwide engineering organiza-
tion focused on the development of
high-speed interconnect systems as well
as advanced simulation and testing capabili-
ties. Our excellence in high-speed engineering
allows our customers to optimize and validate their entire
    2

    Our high technology capabilities in mobile antennas and interconnect positioned us to capitalize on the rapid expansion of tablet computers.
system performance. This technology is a major focus for Amphenol. For example, our backplane connectors were the first to achieve 25-gigabit speeds and continue today to be the leading solution for those high-end applications that require high-bandwidth support. Whether we sup- ply cable assemblies, backplane interconnect products, input-output connectors, or entire interconnect systems, these high-speed and high-bandwidth products will be a significant driver of growth in the future as the need for speed continues to accelerate.
2 The rapid growth in demand for power in applications across all of our end markets has driven the need for even higher technology solutions to ensure safety and effi- ciency. In particular, the acceleration of alternative and traditional energy exploration, extraction and generation is creating significant requirements for new power inter- connects. Amphenol’s strong portfolio of innovative industrial power technologies has positioned us very well to be a key enabler of more efficient power
systems for a broad range of industrial and
military applications, thereby creating
tremendous value for our customers. In
addition, the challenge of powering a
broad array of data center and communica-
tions equipment is driving customers to seek
more innovative solutions in power interconnect. Our wide array of connectors, cable assemblies, busbars and power interconnect systems lead the way in enabling this equipment to minimize power consumption while ensur- ing continuity of performance. We believe our leading portfolio of power interconnect products creates a strong
platform for growth as electronics require increasingly complex power systems.
2 The rapid proliferation of electronics in the military, aerospace, industrial and automo- tive markets requires the adaptation of our interconnect technologies to such demand- ing, harsh environments. In particular,
as these applications have adopted
more revolutionary functionalities,
our leading capability to package preci-
sion interconnect into harsh environments has become critical to the Company’s success. We have for decades been the clear leader in harsh environment interconnect. These applications include electronics that must oper- ate in extremely challenging environments, with severe variations in temperature, air pressure, vibration, humid- ity and mechanical tension. Our long history in meet- ing the needs of our military aerospace customers has resulted in a deep technical capability in adapting inter- connect products to meet these difficult specifications. We see tremendous opportunities to apply our harsh environment interconnect know-how to new military and commercial aerospace electronic systems, as well as to a diverse range of industrial applications, including natural resource exploration and extraction, high-speed rail, heavy equipment and alternative energy generation. Our leading position in harsh environment products will enable strong growth in the future.
Our continued drive for diversification has enabled Amphenol to further expand our market position into new markets, new customers within those markets
and new applications within those existing customers.
In particular, we are excited about the potential in the many new markets that are emerging, including next generation commercial air, alternative energy generation, hybrid-electric vehicles, new mobile technologies and next generation lighting systems. We believe these new markets will become strong platforms for the Company’s growth in the future.
In 2011, we continued to invest in new capabilities for our customers, both organically and through strategic acquisitions.
  3

  In addition, we continued our expansion into new geog- raphies. At year end, we had more than 39,000 employ- ees, of whom 79 percent were employed in low-cost regions. This has been a tremendous achievement for the Company and is the result of ongoing efforts to expand production in these low-cost regions during the last decade. Most importantly, our presence in emerging economies has never been confined to simple low-cost production: we have created new, vertically-integrated businesses, encompassing management, research and development, sales and marketing, and manufacturing engineering, thereby positioning us to capitalize on the many growth opportunities in these markets. Our pres- ence in Asia has expanded to more than 43 percent of sales in 2011, and has become our largest geographical end market. Our 25 facilities in China create a diverse and broad presence in this important electronics manu- facturing center, and our local management teams are reacting quickly to the many challenges and opportuni- ties there. We are very proud of our broad geographic presence and are excited about the tremendous opportu- nities for global expansion in the future. In addition, we have continued to pursue our long-term successful strat- egy of acquiring complementary companies with supe- rior, entrepreneurial management, excellent technology, strong market positions and the potential to gain lever- age from Amphenol’s global market position. In 2011, we completed two strategic acquisitions, broadening Amphenol’s presence in particular in the rapidly growing market for automotive electronics. We are very excited about the growth potential created by these new family members and continue to explore additional acquisitions that are accretive to future performance.
Despite the many cost challenges in 2011, Amphenol con- tinued to generate industry-leading operating margins.
Throughout 2011, our worldwide operations faced unprecedented cost challenges, including rising costs of raw materials, rapidly escalating wages in low-cost coun- tries including China, and shifting currency rates. Despite this highly inflationary cost environment, overall global market demand remained somewhat mixed, resulting in less favorable pricing dynamics – an unusual and dif- ficult combination of market conditions. However, the Amphenol management team was able to thrive in such an environment. Our organization worked tirelessly to re-engineer products to use less precious metals, drive
savings through our own supply chain, and realize effi- ciencies in our manufacturing sites through automation and other production enhancements, all while controlling overhead and ensuring a lean organizational structure. The end result was the achievement of 19.2% operating margins (excluding one-time items), a true accomplish- ment in this environment. In addition, we are especially proud of our team in Sidney, New York, who worked tirelessly to recover operations following the September 2011 flood.
The greatest strength of Amphenol continues to be its entrepreneurial organizational structure and its team of experienced, passionate managers.
Our management team is committed to driving sus- tained excellent performance for the Company through a shared dedication to pursuing leading technology and the highest levels of customer service. In addition, our talent development program has created more than 80 general managers of the Company, individuals who run businesses and who have full accountability for their performance. Through our entrepreneurial management structure, we have created a tremendous depth of well- rounded, talented managers, positioning us very strongly for the future. The entire Amphenol team has created significant value through many business cycles and is well-prepared to meet the challenges and to capitalize on the opportunities that will arise in 2012.
2012 marks the 80th year in the history of Amphenol.
During these 80 years, we have risen from a manufacturer of tube sockets for radios in 1932 to become the second largest and most diversified company in the dynamic interconnect industry. While our organization has faced many challenges, through it all our unwavering focus on technology and performance has led to a track record of results that is unequaled in the interconnect industry.
Our acquisitions of Cemm Thome and FEP broadened and strengthened the Company’s position in the fast-growing automotive electronics market.
       4

   Our philosophy is simple:
2 Create opportunities for growth and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing interconnect technology to our customers
2 Maintain close contact with and support of local markets and customers
2 Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
2 Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through efficient investments and relentless cost control 2 Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by
a fragmented industry
2 Maximize operating performance through a
collaborative, entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
The revolutionary spread of electronics across every one of our served markets is creating significant opportunities for growth.
We are excited to play an integral part in enabling the revolution that is now taking place in the electronics industry, as new equipment, applications and function- alities take hold across essentially every area of the mar- ketplace. The electronics revolution is happening against the backdrop of the ongoing trends of globalization, cus- tomer and vendor consolidation, increasingly challenging technology requirements and the drive for integrated solutions.
We have capitalized on these trends in 2011, and face 2012 in the strongest position in the history of the Company to take advantage of the exciting opportunities across all of our markets.
For more than a decade we have achieved growth that is more than double the growth in the overall interconnect
With Amphenol’s expertise in harsh environment and high power interconnect, we further accelerated our lead in the high growth oil and gas market.
industry, all while achieving industry-leading profit- ability. This outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategy by our operating executives and the local general managers of each of our operating units worldwide. Their drive to maximize the performance of each of these businesses in their particu- lar market and region is what sets Amphenol apart.
Looking forward to 2012 and beyond, we believe Amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outper- form the industry as we leverage both our technology and our unique culture.
Our emphasis on technology and product innovation is vital to growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capabilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique technological advantages. In addition, we will tailor our new product development toward higher margin oppor- tunities by creating value for our customers through lead- ing edge developments that enhance overall equipment performance.
It is our consistent strategy to combine a pursuit of leading technology with our culture of strong operating discipline. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial dis- cipline. And we will continue to drive accountability and a superior performance culture down to every level of our organization.
This is the Amphenol difference. This is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
It is with our full commitment and that of every employee that we continue to drive Amphenol forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
  5
