DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Amphenol delivered another outstanding year in 2018, with sales, operating margin and earnings again reaching record levels.
• Sales increased by 17% to $8.2 billion
• Adjusted Operating Margin reached 20.7%
• Adjusted Diluted EPS grew 21% to $3.77
This year’s results were a clear reflection of the
Amphenol team’s continued ability to deliver outstanding performance for our shareholders. In 2018, we set new records in sales, profitability and earnings while also driving excellent sales growth. Sales reached a record $8.2 billion in 2018, growing a strong 17% year-over-year and 14% organically, driven by robust growth in the Mobile Devices, Military, Industrial, Automotive, Commercial Aerospace,
IT Datacom and Mobile Networks markets. Adjusted Diluted EPS grew 21% to $3.77 and we improved the Company’s already strong profitability, with Adjusted Net Income as a percentage of sales increasing to 14.4% and Adjusted Operating Margin reaching 20.7%, both Company records. Our financial strength was further reflected in
the Company’s strong cash generation of $1.1 billion in Operating Cash Flow and $802 million in Free Cash Flow.
I am particularly impressed by our team’s outstanding performance in 2018, as these results were achieved in
a global political and economic environment that grew increasingly uncertain towards the end of the year.
Creating Sustained Shareholder Value
Amphenol’s record performance in 2018 enabled us
to continue our track record of success. Over the past ten years, Amphenol has delivered compound annual sales growth of 10%, Adjusted EPS growth of 12% and Operating Margin expansion of more than 100 basis points. This superior performance has created sustained shareholder value as reflected in Amphenol’s stock delivering a 22% compound annual return over the past ten years, beating the performance of the S&P 500 by approximately nine percentage points.
In 2018, the Company continued to have a flexible and balanced approach to capital allocation by:
• Increasing the Company’s quarterly dividend by 21% to $0.23 per share;
• Returning $935 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 10.6 million shares of the Company’s stock; and
• Completing three strategic acquisitions in 2018 – CTI, All Sensors and Ardent Concepts – as well as SSI in January 2019, further diversifying the Company’s business across our served markets.
A key hallmark of the global Amphenol team is our agility and flexibility in capitalizing on the growth and profit potential of the dynamic global electronics industry.
The Company’s entrepreneurial culture creates clear accountability for performance while enabling our organization around the world to take the actions needed to deliver products that solve customers’ problems, drive innovation, and thereby grow our market potential. In addition, we continue to expand our addressable market by broadening the array of interconnect solutions we supply. Our range of products today includes connectors and interconnect assemblies, high-performance cable, flexible and printed circuit boards and assemblies, antennas and sensors. At Amphenol, we believe that developing new and innovative solutions that enhance our customers’ product performance drives increased returns, which ultimately enables us to create consistent and superior value for
our shareholders.
 The acquisition of Ardent Concepts strengthened our high-speed interconnect portfolio.
2018 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 OUR VALUES Ethical
We do the right thing, always. Maintaining our integrity and reputation will always be our priority.
Diverse
The diversity of our workforce and our end markets is a key pillar of our continued success. We embrace diverse perspectives as we believe these lead to better long-term outcomes for our business.
Empowered
Our culture of ownership and accountability empowers our people to achieve industry-leading results.
Sustainable
Sustainable business practices are at the core of how we conduct our operations. We believe that adopting sustainable business practices is not just the right thing to do as a global company, it is simply good business.
Innovative
We are curious, focused and agile. These traits enable us to discover new solutions that solve our customers’ diverse needs.
  In January 2019 we further expanded our sensor offering with the addition of SSI to the Amphenol family.
The acquisition of CTI bolstered our leading position in value-added interconnect assemblies.
Market Diversification a Key Pillar of Our Strategy
Our diversification across products and markets remains one of our greatest strengths. Amphenol operates in
eight diverse markets: Military, Commercial Aerospace, Industrial, Automotive, IT Datacom, Mobile Networks, Mobile Devices and Broadband. We consistently strive
to maintain a balanced exposure across these markets.
As a result, no single market represented more than 19% of our sales in 2018. At Amphenol, we believe that this diversification is an invaluable asset that helps insulate us from volatility in any one market, while also exposing us to the latest technological developments across the widest array of markets within the global electronics industry.
For example, in the automotive market, our customers are increasingly adopting technologies used in other markets, including antennas originally developed for mobile devices, as well as high-speed interconnect solutions that were originally developed for customers in the IT Datacom market. Today, Amphenol’s products enable connectivity
in virtually every corner of the electronics industry, ranging from next-generation technologies in commercial aircraft, high-speed data connections in cloud data centers, power connections for high-speed trains, connectivity solutions for autonomous vehicles, and antennas in wearable devices and cutting-edge mobile devices. We believe that our broad diversification across both established and emerging markets creates sustained long-term growth potential for the Company.
In addition to our industry-leading interconnect and antenna solutions, Amphenol continues to expand our offering of sensors. In 2018, we celebrated the five- year anniversary of our entry into this exciting market, which began with our acquisition of GE’s Advanced Sensor operations in late 2013. Since then, we have
4 AMPHENOL CORPORATION

added a number of high-technology sensor businesses to our portfolio, resulting in our range of sensor products now including pressure, temperature, gas, moisture, air quality, position, force, level, speed and many other types of sensors. Most recently, in January 2019, we were extremely pleased to welcome our ninth sensor company to the Amphenol family, SSI Controls Technologies. SSI is a leading designer and manufacturer of ultrasonic level, pressure and speed sensors, as well as other sensing solutions for the global automotive and industrial markets. SSI’s product offerings are uniquely complementary to our existing capabilities and represent a significant growth opportunity for Amphenol. We are excited by the long- term potential of our growing sensor business.
Global diversification is another key element of Amphenol’s long-term, successful strategy. Our business spans six continents, with manufacturing in nearly 35 countries and sales across approximately 70 countries. This broad global reach also helps to insulate us from challenges in any
one country while providing us the flexibility to relocate programs should business conditions change. Even though our sales and manufacturing capabilities span the globe, we do not impose a standardized global approach upon our businesses. Rather, Amphenol embraces a unified global culture that encourages multiculturalism, agility
and execution. Our businesses around the world are run by local management teams with deep understandings of their respective countries and customers. We believe this approach helps us better address the unique needs of our customers regardless of where they operate.
Our People and Our Communities Remain our Highest Commitment
Our dedication to providing innovative solutions that help our customers is driven by a shared passion for creating technologies that improve peoples’ lives. We remain committed to creating long-term value for our company
We continue to develop leading-edge antenna solutions for customers around the world.
and realize that such value ultimately comes down to people. At the end of the day, Amphenol’s greatest
asset remains our high-performance organization, which
is comprised of approximately 74,000 hard-working, dedicated and entrepreneurial employees across the globe, all unified by a unique and shared culture. Amphenolians are agile, creative, visionary and highly motivated to deliver exceptional performance regardless of the economic or
 KEY TRENDS DRIVING LONG-TERM GROWTH
CLEAN & CONNECTED HIGHER DATA INCREASING HARSH EFFICIENT & MOBILE SPEEDS COMPLEXITY ENVIRONMENT
     2018 ANNUAL REPORT 5

competitive environment. At the same time, our entire team is highly ethical and committed to making the right choices for our business. Given the value we place in our people, we devote significant energy towards building and developing our organization through company-wide talent management initiatives. Lastly, our diverse local businesses are firmly engaged in the communities in which they operate, ensuring that Amphenol is a good citizen around the world.
As we look towards the long-term, we remain very focused on ensuring that we secure the sustainability
of our company and the world in which we operate.
As a company, we continue to work to reduce the environmental impact of our business, improve the communities that we operate in and be a positive force for good with our customers. One way we do this is through our implementation of projects that reduce our energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions. For example, we
are currently constructing a five megawatt solar farm
in New York State on the site of our former factory, ensuring that our operations in the area can use renewable energy. Whether through minimizing our environmental impact, supporting development of our teams and their communities in the nearly 35 countries in which we operate, ensuring the sustainability of our supply chain
or giving back to our communities, we believe that it is
not just good citizenship, but actually good business for the Company to focus on the long-term sustainability
of Amphenol.
We continue to build on our comprehensive culture of superior quality and high reliability.
Significant Opportunities Ahead
The Electronics Revolution continues to accelerate
across all of our served markets, with electronification
of products across virtually every industry continuing to change the way people and organizations work and live. What these new products have in common is the need for interconnect solutions, be they connectors and assemblies, antennas or sensors. This creates exciting new market opportunities for Amphenol. As the world becomes more digital, Amphenol is in a unique position to deliver solutions that offer greater power efficiency, enhanced mobility, higher data speeds and increased connectivity all while managing higher complexity and withstanding harsher environments. We believe that demand for products that solve these challenges will be a significant driver of our growth for many years to come. As we reflect on our past performance as well as our opportunities for the future,
we firmly believe that our success has resulted from our commitment to creating leading technologies that enable the Electronics Revolution across all of our served markets. As a company, we are passionate about delivering new
and innovative solutions in our existing markets, while also expanding our reach to new and evolving applications and technologies, both organically and through our acquisition program. Our commitment to relentlessly pursue growth opportunities while maximizing operating performance has helped us to deliver industry-leading results for more than a decade.
  We made significant investments in next-generation manufacturing of harsh environment connectors.
6 AMPHENOL CORPORATION

 Sustainability
We are dedicated to building true, long-term value for
our customers, employees and shareholders. We strongly believe that sustainable business practices are critical to ensuring our success and longevity. In order to enhance the sustainability of our business, we have made significant investments in the systems used to manage and track our progress. These investments will allow us to better capture and convey the efforts and achievements already in place throughout the Company. Ultimately, we believe that focusing on sustainability is simply good business.
Energy: Energy use and its relationship to climate change are important areas of focus for us. We strive to improve our own carbon footprint while also manufacturing products that enable our customers to reduce their own energy use. We have also made meaningful investments in renewable energy, including re-purposing our legacy manufacturing plant in Sidney, NY into a utility-scale solar farm. This solar farm will provide enough energy to power more than 800 homes.
Anti-Human Trafficking and Slavery: We have zero tolerance for human trafficking and slavery as stated
in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy. Additionally, we are a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and adhere to the RBA Code of Conduct, which prohibits the use of forced, bonded, and indentured labor and involuntary prison labor. We have also made a commitment to deploy a Supplier Code of Conduct throughout our supply chain and to improve our data collection capabilities through the implementation of enabling software.
Ethics: We strive to conduct business in an ethical way everywhere around the world. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics policy is a core document that our global management team reviews and re-commits to each year. This is further supported by a robust ethics and compliance program, including an independent internal audit function, as well as a whistleblower and investigation process with a strict policy prohibiting retaliation.
Employees: Our employees are our most valuable asset and core to how we conduct business. The Company’s culture is based on a deep-rooted philosophy of accountability which provides our management teams with the tools to do their jobs and the authority and sense of ownership to do them effectively. Amphenol continues to invest in our people and strives to always ensure that they work in an ethical and highly rewarding environment. The safety of our people is also critical, and we work together in a culture of mutual protection where worker safety is always a top priority. The depth and stability of our global workforce continues to be the core asset of Amphenol.
 Our engineers remain focused on developing high performance enabling interconnect technologies across our served markets.
As we enter 2019, we at Amphenol collectively believe that our business is in its strongest position in our 87-year history. Our team is poised to capitalize on the many exciting opportunities in the electronics market and thereby continue to outperform the industry. We will do this in 2019 and beyond by leveraging our technology and our unique culture to again drive strong performance. We will remain true to our goal of extending our position as the preeminent technology partner for our customers by delivering leading-edge innovations. We will continue to drive best-in-class operating discipline, profitability and cash flow. Most importantly, though, we will continue to drive accountability and an ownership mindset down to every level of our organization. We are confident that
this approach will allow us to continue to outperform the industry in any economic cycle, and thereby create value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
Refer to Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the Company’s Form 10-K included in this Annual Report for the definitions of non-GAAP financial measures such as Organic Net Sales Growth, Adjusted Operating Margin, Adjusted Net Income attributable to Amphenol Corporation, Adjusted Diluted EPS and Free Cash Flow, as well as reconciliations to their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures.
 2018 ANNUAL REPORT 7
