 DeAr FelloW SHAreHolDerS:
2013 was another excellent year for Amphenol.
the Company once again achieved new records in Sales, epS and Cash Flow, together with industry leading profitability.
•Sales grew 8% to $4.6 billion •epS grew 11%* to $3.85*
•operating margins reached 19.6%* •Free cash flow was $611 million
The achievement of these new
performance records in a very dynamic market environment reconfirms the strength of the Amphenol organization.
We are continuing to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities created by the electronics Revolution across all of our served markets, as our customers drive their products towards higher levels of performance. the fulfillment of our simple mission to create technologies that enhance the performance of our customers’ products is the key to our overall success.
We believe the Amphenol organization is a truly special collection of empowered and accountable individuals, each of whom focuses intensively on their respective segment of the electronics industry, but all of whom share a common goal of driving superior performance for the overall Company. It is through this outstanding team of agile, entrepreneurial managers that we are able to consistently capitalize on the incredible array of opportunities that arise every day across our diverse end markets.
Amphenol’s long-standing, consistent track record of success is the result of our steadfast adherence to a simple philosophy:
• Create opportunities for growth and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing technologies to our customers
• Maintain close contact with and support of local markets and customers
• Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
• Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through
efficient investments and relentless cost control
• Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a
fragmented industry
• Maximize operating performance through a collaborative,
entrepreneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
We are especially pleased that we have continued the expansion of our market position in 2013, growing sales by 8% in a year when industry analysts reported that the overall interconnect market grew by approximately 2%.
the Company has outperformed the industry for more than 10 years, achieving a 14% compound annual growth rate, significantly above the average industry growth rate. We achieved this growth in 2013 both organically and through the continued success of our acquisition program.
In 2013, we continued to invest strongly
for the future.
We drove continued success in our acquisition program, furthered our market diversification, accelerated our new technology developments, expanded our manufacturing footprint and deepened our management team.
In 2013, we accelerated our acquisition program, adding five new family members in the automotive, industrial and commercial
air markets, all creating excellent new platforms for future expansion.
We continue to pursue our successful long-term strategy of acquiring complementary companies with outstanding management, leading-edge technology, strong market positions and the potential to gain leverage from Amphenol’s global market position.
*adjusted
 2
the acquisition of Advanced Sensors creates a new platform for growth in the exciting worldwide sensor market.

  We continue to innovate industry-leading, high-speed products for next-generation data centers.
We are particularly excited about the Advanced Sensors acquisition completed at year-end. our expansion into sensors extends the reach of our interconnect offering, while also creating a new growth platform in a market that is approximately the same size as the interconnect market. With the addition of the Advanced Sensors products to our portfolio, we are now able to offer our customers the broadest array of interconnect products, ranging from discrete connectors to cable assemblies, high technology printed circuit boards to board assemblies, high performance cable to flexible printed circuits, and antennas to sensors. In addition, we believe our expertise in interconnect technology will create an additional advantage in the sensor market as we are uniquely positioned to help customers solve complex challenges with interconnect packaging of sensors. We are very excited about the growth potential created by this new addition and all of our newly acquired businesses, and will continue to explore additional acquisitions that are accretive to future performance.
Our consistent focus on technology innovation and customer support through all phases of the economic cycle has resulted in the Company, once again in 2013, strengthening our position across each of our important end markets.
our results confirm that the end market diversification of the Company is a tremendous asset, especially given the continuing high degree of uncertainty still present in the global economy. We participate in eight major end markets: automotive, broadband, commercial air, industrial, information technology and data communications, military, mobile devices and mobile networks. We are very pleased that no single market represented more than 19% of our sales in 2013. In fact, this balanced presence across our end markets provides insulation from the specific risk of each individual market, while at the same time exposing us
to the technology development and opportunities for growth that arise in all corners of the electronics industry. Amphenol products are incorporated into a wide array of electronics systems, from complex, next-generation airliners to hybrid electric vehicles, from advanced military communications to the latest mobile computing platforms, from vast data centers to household internet appliances, and from enormous mining equipment to rooftop solar panels. our diversification enables a cross pollination of engineering and technology, thereby ensuring that we have leading product offerings for all of our customers. ultimately, this allows us to further expand our market position into new markets, new customers and new applications. We are especially encouraged by the potential in the many new markets that are emerging, including advanced factory automation, next- generation commercial air, new vehicle electronics, solid state lighting systems and new data center applications. We believe these developing markets have the real potential to create strong platforms for the Company’s future growth.
In 2013, the revolution in electronics
across all of our end markets continued.
We in turn accelerated the pace of our technology innovation.
our worldwide organization is focused on partnering with customers in all markets to develop innovative interconnect technologies that drive overall equipment performance to higher levels. our focus on technologies that enable mobility, support increasing bandwidth, minimize power consumption and allow functionality in harsh environments has positioned us as the interconnect supplier of choice to many of our customers, creating a sustainable performance advantage.
• the mobile revolution continues to accelerate as end users access voice, video and data anywhere and anytime. Mobility is being adopted at a rapid pace across many of our served markets. As this new functionality expands across a diverse set of mobile applications, ranging from mobile phones and tablet computers, to automobiles, to industrial and military aerospace equipment, our organization is working with customers around the world to enable these challenging new applications. Whether connecting a tablet computer to a next-generation wireless base station or creating a communications system within a rail network, these applications require expertise in radio frequency technology. Radio frequency has been one of Amphenol’s core technologies since our engineers invented the world’s first RF connector nearly 70 years ago. our offering now encompasses a complete suite of RF products, including connectors, cable assemblies, interconnect systems and a broad range of antennas. the accelerating proliferation of mobile devices, networks and new applications creates an excellent outlook for RF technology.
3

 • the information technology networks supporting data communication are experiencing a dramatic expansion of data traffic driven especially by video and the big data revolution. this is driving the need for a significant expansion in bandwidth and speed in telecom carrier networks, enterprise data centers, and increasingly among the expanding range of service providers who are leading tremendous innovations in the internet. this all creates new demands for high-speed interconnect technology. In 2013, we accelerated our engineering efforts to increase the bandwidth capacity of our high-speed interconnect systems while further investing in advanced simulation and testing capabilities. this allows us to work in close partnership with customers around the world to optimize and validate their entire systems and thereby solve their performance challenges. our efforts have resulted in significant technological breakthroughs and value creation. For example, our backplane and mezzanine connectors were the first to achieve 25-gigabit speeds and continue today to be a leading solution for those applications that require high- bandwidth support. Whether we supply cable assemblies, backplane and mezzanine interconnect products, connectors, or entire interconnect systems, high-speed products will be a significant driver of growth as our customers’ need for speed continues to accelerate.
• the rapid growth in demand for power in applications across many of our end markets has driven the need for even higher technology solutions to ensure safety while driving greater efficiency. In particular, the proliferation of alternative and traditional energy-related applications is creating significant new requirements for power interconnects. Amphenol’s strong portfolio of innovative power interconnect technologies has positioned us as a key enabler of more efficient power systems for a broad range of industrial and military applications, thereby creating tremendous value for our customers. In addition, the challenge of more efficiently powering a broad array of data center and communications equipment is prompting customers to seek more innovative solutions in power interconnect. our wide array of connectors, cable assemblies, busbars and power interconnect systems leads the way in enabling this equipment to minimize power consumption while ensuring reliability and continuity of performance. We believe our excellent portfolio of power interconnect products creates a strong platform for growth as electronics require increasingly complex and efficient power systems.
• the rapid proliferation of electronics in the military, aerospace, industrial and automotive markets requires the adaptation of interconnect technologies to more demanding, harsh environments. For decades we have been the industry leader in harsh environment interconnects. these products must perform in extremely challenging environments, with severe variations in temperature, pressure, vibration and humidity.
our long history in meeting the needs of military aerospace customers has resulted in a deep technical capability in adapting interconnect products to meet these difficult specifications. We see tremendous opportunities to apply our harsh environment interconnect know-how to new military and commercial aerospace electronic systems, as well as to a diverse range of industrial applications, including natural resource exploration and extraction, alternative energy generation, high-speed rail, heavy equipment, factory automation and medical equipment. In addition, with our new expansion into sensor technology, this expertise in harsh environment interconnect gains even more importance, as we will be able to offer customers a unique interconnect and sensor offering for a wide range of applications. Amphenol’s leading position in harsh environment products will continue to support strong growth into the future.
As electronics systems grow more complex, the performance challenges put on all of these interconnect technologies become increasingly difficult to manage. this is the essence of how we create value.
In 2013, we continued our expansion into
new geographies. At year end, we had
more than 44,500 employees, of whom 79 percent were employed in low-cost regions. this has been a tremendous achievement for the Company and is the result of our long-term efforts to expand production in a wide assortment of low-cost countries. Most importantly, our presence in emerging geographies has never been confined to simple low-cost production—we have created vertically- integrated businesses, encompassing management, research and development, sales and marketing, and manufacturing engineering, thereby positioning us to capitalize on the many
With the acquisition of tecvox, we are broadening our automotive product offering to include the high-growth infotainment segment.
growth opportunities in these dynamic markets. While Asia remains our largest geographical end market, accounting for 43 percent of sales in 2013, we have continued to invest in other regions, including Mexico, eastern europe and India, thereby creating an unparalleled ability to achieve low cost in all
     4

 regions. our broad geographic presence provides the opportunity to continue to balance our production locations to maximize customer service and minimize total cost.
Our talent development program has produced more than 80 general managers, individuals who run comprehensive businesses with full accountability for their performance.
through our entrepreneurial management structure, we have created a tremendous depth of well-rounded, talented managers, each of whom is committed to driving sustained excellent performance for the Company in any economic environment. the entire Amphenol team has created significant value through many business cycles, driving growth that is more than double the rate of the overall interconnect industry for more than a decade, all while achieving industry-leading profitability. this outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategy by our operating executives and the local general managers of each of our operating units worldwide. their drive to maximize the performance of each of their businesses in their particular market and region is what sets Amphenol apart. As we enter 2014, the Amphenol team is well-prepared to capitalize on the many opportunities and to meet any challenges that may arise this year and beyond.
The revolutionary spread of electronics
across every one of our served markets is creating significant opportunities for growth. We are excited to play an integral part in enabling that revolution, as new equipment, applications and functionalities take hold across essentially every area of the marketplace. the electronics revolution is happening against the backdrop of the ongoing trends of globalization, customer and vendor consolidation, increasingly challenging technology requirements and the drive for integrated solutions. We have capitalized on these trends in 2013, and look to the future with the benefit of being in
We continue to strengthen our manufacturing capabilities in low-cost regions, further supporting the company’s competitiveness.
the strongest position in the history of the Company to take advantage of the multitude of exciting opportunities that we see across all of our markets.
We leave 2013 with pride in having once again established new records of performance for the Company. We believe Amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage both our technology and our unique culture to reach new heights
of performance in 2014 and beyond.
Amphenol’s greatest asset has always been our entrepreneurial management team, an unparalleled team that drives a culture of performance to every level of our organization of 44,500 employees. this culture of performance extends to both technology leadership and operating discipline—the key ingredients to sustained industry-leading performance.
• our emphasis on technology leadership and product innovation is vital to both growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capabilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique technological advantages. In addition, we will tailor our new product development toward higher margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge innovations that enhance overall equipment performance.
• our culture of strong operating discipline will continue to result in consistent achievement of industry-leading profitability and cash flow. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial discipline. And we will continue to drive accountability and a superior performance culture down to every level of our organization.
this is the Amphenol difference. this is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
It is with the full commitment of our management team and every Amphenol employee that we will continue to drive the Company forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam norwitt
president and Chief executive officer
  5
