 Amphenol Corporation Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 In 2006, the Company achieved new records of performance:
• Sales of $2.5 billion up 37% from last year,
• EPS of $2.94* up 29% from last year, and
• Free cash flow of $207 million up 20% from last year
This excellent performance was achieved in a very challenging environment. The Company maintained industry-leading profitability by offsetting the most signifi- cant increases in commodity costs seen in a decade through a combination of cost reductions, material substitutions and pric- ing actions. In addition, the Company achieved these results while managing through a major flood at our largest facility and the biggest acquisition in the Company’s history—the acquisition of TCS (Teradyne Connection Systems) in December of 2005. The record results in 2006 are clearly a testament to the strength of Amphenol’s diverse business and high performance culture.
We made significant progress in 2006 in the major markets we serve, strengthening our relationships with the leading manufacturers, as well as broadening our geographic presence and product portfolio.
h The industrial market represented 13% of our sales in 2006 and increased a very strong 21% over the prior year. We continue to benefit from our strategic focus on high growth segments of the industrial market, such as the medical instru- mentation, heavy equipment and rail mass transit as well as oil and gas exploration markets. The industrial markets encompass a broad and diverse range of applications with significant opportunity for growth resulting from the increased use of sophisticated and complex electronic components and significant demands for new power and data interconnect solutions. We have done an excellent job of increasing our presence with leading industrial equipment manu- facturers. We expect this market to retain momentum into 2007.
h The military and commercial aero- space market represented 18% of our sales in 2006 and increased 4% over the prior year. The sales were adversely impacted by the flood in our Sidney facility. However, we continue to see good demand in the military market
driven by upgrade and replacement of military hardware, homeland security investments and the growing commer- cial aircraft market. In addition, we are excited about our significant par- ticipation in several new military pro- grams that are in the early phases of production and in the new commercial aircraft programs which will comple- ment our growth in 2007. We believe that this market will remain strong for the Company through 2007.
h The automotive market, which is the smallest market that we serve with 8% of our sales, declined 4% from the prior year as vehicle production rates in both Europe and the United States declined. We are very pleased that we returned to positive growth of 5% in the fourth quarter, driven in part by the launch of our next generation inter- connect products for safety devices and navigation systems. We believe that the main driver for continued pos- itive trends in this area will be the sale of our new products into new electronic applications in the car. Overall, we expect demand to remain moderate in this market in the near term.
 *Excluding the 2006 one-time flood related charges of $.15
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION

 In the communications and infor- mation technology markets we gained significant position in 2006.
h The broadband communication mar- ket represented 11% of our sales in 2006, and we experienced very strong growth of 25% over the prior year. This was a result of our earlier price increases and strong demand due to the success of new broadband services offered by the cable televi- sion operators. We serve the broad- band market primarily with coaxial cable; in addition, we continue to broaden our participation in this mar- ket with interconnect products for new digital video services and high speed internet access.
h The information technology and data communication equipment market represented 25% of our sales. Sales were up 118% over last year; without TCS, sales were up a strong 14%. We are very pleased with the growth of our core business, as well as the con- tribution from TCS, which has signifi- cantly enhanced our position in this important growth market. We have excellent penetration in the areas of
servers, storage systems and datacom equipment. New product develop- ment continues to drive our success in this market, as demand expands for high-speed, miniaturized and increased value-added products. We are very encouraged with the design wins of new products in this area. We expect the positive trend in this market to continue in 2007.
h The mobile network market repre- sented 13% of our sales. Sales were up 48% over 2005 and 6% excluding TCS. TCS contributed significantly to further strengthen our position in this market. We accelerated our partici- pation in interconnect and antennas for the installation market. We have excellent positions with the leading infrastructure equipment manufacturers and are developing relationships with network system operators. Overall, the mobile infrastructure market has good opportunities for us in the future as subscriber growth and con- tinued increase of data and multime- dia traffic drive both demand and technology forward. Next generation IP-based mobile networks are being designed; our participation in those designs supports a long-term positive outlook for this market.
h The mobile device market represented 12% of our sales in 2006. Sales increased a strong 52%. We continue to benefit from our diversity in cus- tomers, phone models and products. Our continuous product innovation is focused on demanding product areas such as low profile connectors, hinges and antennas and is increasing the value of our content per device. In addition, these high performance products are increasingly demanded in other mobile consumer devices and this proliferation is increasing our overall market opportunity. We expect continued growth in 2007.
In 2006, we began to capitalize on the significant opportunity created by the acquisition of TCS.
We spoke last year about the unique opportunity created by the TCS acquisition, resulting from the strength of the combined product portfolio, TCS’s technology leadership and the significant opportu- nity, over time, for operating income enhancement from TCS’s historical mid-single digit level to those of
   2006 ANNUAL REPORT
   
 Amphenol. The combined product offer- ing of the two companies has significantly enhanced our position in the communi- cations and information technology mar- kets and created a real powerhouse in terms of providing integrated intercon- nect system architecture solutions—we have only begun to tap the related growth opportunity. In addition, the rapid adoption of Amphenol’s operating disci- pline by the TCS management team resulted in significant operating income improvement in 2006 and they are work- ing hard to continue this trend into 2007. We continue to be excited about the future opportunity.
We invested substantially to capitalize on the opportunities that we see.
We continued our expansion in 2006, investing $82 million in new tooling and manufacturing and test equipment, ensuring sufficient capacity to meet the increasing demands of our customers. In addition, we opened several new R&D and sales operations, and further expanded our manufacturing capability
in China, India and other developing markets, consistent with our strategy of keeping these critical resources close to the growth opportunities. Our workforce expanded to over 25,000 worldwide with the vast majority of this expansion in low-cost regions. At the end of 2006, 64% of the Company’s workforce was in low-cost regions . . . an excellent plat- form for profitable growth. We also con- tinue to pursue our acquisition strategy focusing on complementary companies with strong, entrepreneurial manage- ment, excellent technology, and opportu- nity to gain leverage from Amphenol’s global resources. We completed two strategic acquisitions in 2006, expanding the Company’s presence in the growing markets for high performance industrial and medical applications and in fiber- optic technology. We continue to explore additional acquisitions that are accretive to future performance.
We continue to evolve our organization to meet the changing needs of the market.
As part of this ongoing organizational development, we recently promoted R. Adam Norwitt to the newly created position of President and Chief Operating Officer.
I am excited about his initial mission:
to enhance our focus on expansion opportunities across all of our operat- ing divisions. He will more specifically drive our geographic expansion in areas where we have significant potential for further growth. It will be his goal to capi- talize on new, high-growth emerging markets like the medical market as well as other targeted markets. Further, he will continue to strengthen and accelerate our successful acquisition program.
I am very excited about this new phase of profitable expansion for Amphenol.
In 2007, Amphenol celebrates its 75th Anniversary. From the man- ufacturing of our first radio tube socket in 1932, the Company has evolved into a global leader in the interconnect market.
The Amphenol team, 25,000 strong, can be proud of a performance record that leads the industry. Over the past decade, Amphenol has grown sales at twice the industry average and has achieved EPS growth in excess of 20%.
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION
   
 Our philosophy is a simple one:
h Create growth and margin opportu- nity by providing industry-leading interconnect systems technology to our customers
h Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a frag- mented industry
h Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
h Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own—invest efficiently, control costs
h Keep resources close to local markets and customers
h Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entrepre- neurial management structure with clear accountability for results
As we look forward, we con- tinue to see a unique expan- sion opportunity for Amphenol in a fragmented industry and a large $40 billion worldwide interconnect market.
Market trends play to the Company’s strengths:
• Globalization
• Emerging markets
• Customer and vendor consolidation • Challenging technology
• Integrated solutions
• Electronics proliferation
We have capitalized on these trends. The Company has doubled its market share to 6% in the last 10 years while deliver- ing average EPS growth in excess of 20%. This out-performance is a direct result of the consistent application of the Company’s strategy by the local general managers of each of our 60 operating units worldwide. Their drive to maximize the performance of each of their busi- nesses in their particular market and region is what sets Amphenol apart.
We believe Amphenol is posi- tioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage both our technology and our culture.
Our emphasis on technology and prod- uct innovation is vital to growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capabilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique techno- logical advantages. In addition, we will
gear our new product development toward higher margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge developments that enhance equipment performance.
We will combine our drive for leading technology with our culture of strong operating discipline. We will drive contin- ued cost reductions because we know it is necessary in today’s markets to stay ahead. We will be fast to react to current market conditions through the disciplined approach of our local management. We will maintain our financial discipline as we grow and drive accountability and performance down to the lowest levels of the organization because that has in the past and will continue to enhance overall return. This is the Amphenol way.
It is with the full commitment of every employee that we continue to move Amphenol forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfac- tion for our employees, and excellent returns for our shareholders.
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   2006 ANNUAL REPORT
  