AMPHENOL CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Amphenol had an excellent year in 1999. Momentum built throughout the year as each quarter set new records, with the result that for the full year we exceeded a billion dollars in sales, a significant milestone for the Company. Sales totaled $1,011 million, up 11% on a constant dollar basis; the seventh consecutive year that our sales growth has exceeded the industry average. Our growth was profitable; earnings per share was a record $2.42 share - up 19% from the prior year and a continuation of consecutive increases since becoming a public company in 1991. Sales of new products (products developed within the past two years) accounted for a record 20% of revenue - a reflection of our outstanding engineering and manufacturing capabilities. Our strategy of developing application-specific products for growth markets and our geographic diversity were the main drivers for the excellent performance. In December we sold 2.75 million shares of our common stock in a public offering, an action that we believe will give our shareholders more liquidity in the financial markets, and together with cash flow from operations, it allowed us to pay down a significant amount of outstanding debt.
The convergence in the communications sector of voice, video and data technologies into the "infocom" market is accelerating. This is evident as providers with competing network architectures of wired and wireless systems rush to enroll subscribers with infocom services including voice, Internet access and broadband applications. It is also evident in the increasing number of mergers and affiliations between companies previously thought to be in different industries. Our participation in the evolution of the infocom market continued to drive sales growth; sales to such markets comprised approximately 60% of our business in 1999, and this market is a key element of our growth strategy. Our broad based product line for communications markets includes significant components for all of the competing infocom distribution infrastructures and subscriber equipment including modems and mobile handsets.
The evolution of the infocom market is grounded in digital technology and related technologies and protocols of information transmission. These sciences are greatly enhancing the communication capabilities in developed countries and rapidly bringing communication services to developing countries. The growth in mobile communications and Internet utilizationhasbeenphenomenal. And,thisisjustthebeginning;bothtechnologiesareintheir infancyintermsofmarketpotential. Analystsestimatetherewereover300millionmobile handset subscribers and over 200 million Internet subscribers in 1999. Both applications are
3

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
A Global Leader in Broadband Communications
Amphenol is a leading world provider of cable and interconnect products for full service broadband communication networks.
     4

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
expectedtoincreasetoonebillionsubscriberswithinfiveyears. Thetechnologiestobeused by these subscribers are in a state of continuous evolution; the one constant is change. Wireless networks and mobile handsets are evolving from primarily voice and paging systems to include Internet, data access and video capability. We produce a broad line of interconnect products, including radio frequency, fiber optic and filter technology, to serve the evolving wireless marketincludingproductsformobilehandsets,thebasestationwirelessinfrastructure and the satellite and downlink portion of wireless networks. With our excellent engineering resources and worldwide presence, we have established relationships with the world's leading wireless manufacturers. We have also significantly expanded our product offering with application-specific interconnect products for Internet applications including input/ output devices for cable modems, servers, routers and other elements of the Internet backbone. We will continue to play a significant role in the evolution of the digital age with interconnect componentry.
Our coaxial cable business for cable television had an excellent year in 1999. The demand for broadband systems utilizing hybrid fiber/coax ("HFC") architecture was validated by the significant mergers and acquisitions of system operators. The race to upgrade cable systems to offer enhanced digital infocom services is on, and our business benefitted from it in 1999. We expect this to continue. In the U.S., the activity consists of upgrading existing systems to increase bandwidth to offer a full range of voice, video and data services and expanding cable systems to new subscribers not previously served by older technologies. In most international markets, the penetration of cable television systems is in the early stages. International cable systems are a major opportunity for us, and 1999 was an excellent year, especially in the recovering Asian markets. We are the technology leader in expanding the bandwidth capabilities of coaxial cable and we are the world's second largest producer. Our coaxial cable products will make a significant contribution to the evolution of the digital age.
Our aerospace business, which accounted for approximately 19% of our total business, experienced continuing improvement throughout 1999 from the slowdown that began in the second half of 1998. The slowdown reflected lower builds of commercial aircraft, inventory reduction programs at OEM's and distributors and a pause in expenditures for the international Space Station program. We adjusted our expenses to the lower activity levels and experienced improved profitability in the second half 1999. We foresee continuing improvement in the aerospace market as a result of increasing defense expenditures, and as certain programs move from development to production and as other programs advance in the development cycle. Wealsoforeseealongertermtrendimprovementincommercialaircraftastheindustry accommodates the increasing demand for airline traffic. We take pride that the Company
5

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
A Global Leader in Interconnect Systems for Aerospace Applications
Amphenol is the world leader in sophisticated, highly-engineered interconnect products for commercial and defense related aerospace applications.
      6

AMPHENOL CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
is the undisputed leader in interconnect systems for aerospace/harsh environment applications. Such applications require a high degree of engineering sophistication and precision manufacturing capability, and innovations and methodologies developed here have application to our other commercial markets.
Sales of interconnect products to industrial markets, which comprised approximately 21% of our business, also experienced improving trends throughout 1999. Such markets encompass a broad range of activities including factory automation, mass transportation, resource exploration, instrumentation and automotive safety interconnect applications. In 1999, we continued to make progress in developing application-specific products for industrial motion control applications, whereby new generations of factory automation equipment utilizing faster and more precise motion control devices are bringing higher levels of productivity to the factory. In addition, we have developed new generations of interconnect products for automotive safety applications, primarily airbags and seatbelt pretensioners, to maintain our leadership position in the European automotive market and we continued to make inroads in the U.S. and Asian markets. We are a leader in selected growth markets of interconnect products for industrial applications. Our engineering resources and global presence insure that we will continue to strengthen our position as industrial markets play a key role in providing the resources and productivity improvements for an expanding economy.
1999 was a year of accomplishment. We continued our growth at a rate in excess of the industry; we had excellent profitability which significantly increased shareholder value. We are positioned in growth markets with an excellent product line. We have added to our global resources to provide excellent customer service throughout the world. We broadened our shareholder base and lessened our financial risk through debt reduction. While 1999 was an excellent year, of greater significance is that the future looks bright. I have never been more confident in the future of the Company. To this, I am indebted to the ingenuity, hard work and resourcefulness of the 8,000 members of the Amphenol organization around the world. It is truly a dedicated group capable of outstanding achievements, and for this I am grateful. I also give great thanks to our loyal customers and suppliers for their invaluable support.
Martin H. Loeffler
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
7
