  dear Fellow shareholders:
2012 was an outstanding year for Amphenol.
The Company surpassed $4 billion in revenues for the first time in our more than 80-year history, achieving new records of performance in Sales and EPS, together with industry leading profitability and cash flow.
n Sales grew 9% to $4.3 billion. n EPS grew 14%* to $3.47*.
the achievement of
more than $4 billion in
sales represents the
accomplishment of an
important goal set by our
management team nearly
five years ago at a time when
the company’s revenues
were less than $2.5 billion.
The strength of our performance during this period has resulted in our rise to become the second largest and most diversified company in the dynamic interconnect industry. While our organization has faced many challenges, through it all our consistent commitment to our simple philosophy together with an unwavering focus on technology and performance has led to a track record of results that is unique in our industry.
Our philosophy is simple:
n Create opportunities for growth and margin expansion by providing performance-enhancing interconnect technologies to our customers
n Maintain close contact with and support of local markets and customers
n Operating margins reached 19.3%*. n Free cash flow was $546 million.
n
n
n
n
*adjusted
Manage risk through diversification and flexibility
Manage the Company’s money as if it were our own, through efficient investments and relent- less cost control
Capitalize on the acquisition opportunities created by a frag- mented industry
Maximize operating performance through a collaborative, entre- preneurial management structure with clear accountability for results
 We are especially pleased that we have continued the expansion of our market position, growing sales by 9% in 2012 in a year when industry analysts reported a decline in the overall interconnect market. the company has outperformed the industry for the last
10 years, achieving a 15% compound average growth rate, significantly above the average industry growth rate.
We have a clear mission to be the enabler of the electronics revolution; that mission has been very successful
we accelerated our acquisition program in 2012, completing five acquisitions in five markets.
thus far and will be a great driver of our success going forward. Our consistent focus on technology innovation and customer support through all phases of the economic cycle has resulted in the Company strengthening our position across each of our important end markets. Our results in 2012 once again confirm that the end market diversification of the Company is a tremendous asset, especially given the continuing high degree of uncertainty still present in the global economy. Our continued drive for diversification has enabled Amphenol to further expand our market position into new markets, new customers and new applications. In addition, our organization has accelerated the development of innovative interconnect technologies.
  2

   These developments have allowed Amphenol to capitalize on exciting new areas of the ever-expanding electronics market, thereby broadening the opportunity for our future growth. In particular, we are excited about the potential in the many new markets that are emerging, including next-generation commercial air, alternative energy generation, new vehicle electronics, next-generation lighting systems and advanced mobile technologies. We believe these new markets have the real potential to create strong platforms for the Company’s future growth.
in 2012, the revolution in electronics across all of our end markets continued to accelerate. as new electronic functionalities have been developed and implemented at an increasingly rapid
pace, the premium that our customers place on our leading-edge interconnect technologies has expanded.
Our worldwide organization is focused on partnering with customers in all markets to develop innova- tive interconnect technologies that drive overall equipment performance to higher levels. Our focus on tech- nologies that enable mobility, support increasing bandwidth, minimize power consumption and allow func- tionality in harsh environments has positioned us as the interconnect supplier of choice to our customers in the many diverse markets in which we participate, creating a sustainable performance advantage.
n The mobile revolution is accelerating as end users access voice, video and data anywhere and anytime. Mobility is being adopted at a rapid pace across all of our served markets. As
this new functionality expands across a diverse set of mobile applications, ranging from mobile phones and tablet computers, to automobiles, to industrial and military aerospace equipment, our organization is working with customers around the world to enable these challenging new applications. Whetherconnectingatabletcomputer to a next-generation wireless base station or creating a communications system within a rail network, these applications require expertise in radio frequency technology. Radio frequency has been one of Amphenol’s core technologies since our engineers worked with the United States Military to invent the world’s first RF connector in the 1940’s. Our RF offering now encompasses a complete suite of RF products, including connectors, cable assemblies, interconnect systems and antennas. The accelerating proliferation of mobile devices, networks and new applications creates an excellent outlook for RF technology.
n As the creation and usage of data grows unabated, the information technology networks supporting data communication are experiencing a revolutionary expansion of content- rich applications led by video and other multimedia on the internet. The data explosion has been enabled in particular by the rapid proliferation of smart mobile devices. This revolution is driving the need for a significant expansion in bandwidth and speed in carrier networks and enterprise data centers, creating new demands for high-speed interconnect technol- ogy. In 2012, we accelerated our development engineering efforts to increase the bandwidth capacity of our high-speed interconnect systems while expanding our advanced simula- tion and testing capabilities. We are working in close partnership with customers around the world to solve
Our long-term efforts at securing significant content on next-generation jetliners supported the Company’s outstanding growth in commercial air in 2012.
their increasing challenges and allow their teams to optimize and validate their entire system performance. These efforts have resulted in signifi- cant technological breakthroughs and value creation. For example, our backplane and mezzanine connectors were the first to achieve 25-gigabit speeds and continue today to be the leading solution for those applications that require high-bandwidth support. Whether we supply cable assemblies, backplane and mezzanine intercon- nect products, input-output connec- tors, or entire interconnect systems, these high-speed and high-bandwidth products will be a significant driver of growth in the future as the need for speed continues to accelerate.
n The rapid growth in demand for power in applications across all of our end markets has driven the need for even higher technology solutions to guarantee safety while driving greater efficiency. In particular, the acceleration of alternative and tradi- tional energy-related applications is creating significant requirements for new power interconnects. Amphenol’s strong portfolio of innovative power interconnect technologies has posi- tioned us very well to be a key enabler of more efficient power systems for a broad range of industrial and military applications, thereby creating
  3

   tremendous value for our customers. In addition, the challenge of powering a broad array of data center and com- munications equipment is prompting customers to seek more innovative solutions in power interconnect. Our wide array of connectors, cable assemblies, busbars and power inter- connect systems lead the way in enabling this equipment to minimize power consumption while ensuring reli- ability and continuity of performance.
Amphenol continued to invest in next-generation manufacturing technology, thereby ensuring cost-effective, high-performance products.
We believe our leading portfolio of power interconnect products creates a strong platform for growth as elec- tronics require increasingly complex power systems.
n The continuing rapid proliferation of electronics in the military, aerospace, industrial and automotive markets requires the adaptation of our interconnect technologies to these more demanding, harsh environments. In particular, as these applications have adopted more revolutionary functionalities, our leading capability to package precision interconnect into harsh environments has become critical to the Company’s success. We have for decades been the clear leader in harsh environment interconnect. These applications include electronics that must operate in extremely challenging environments, with severe
variations in temperature, air pressure, vibration and humidity. Our long history in meeting the needs of military aerospace customers has resulted in a deep technical capability in adapting interconnect products to meet these difficult specifications. We see tremendous opportunities to apply our harsh environment interconnect know- how to new military and commercial aerospace electronic systems, as well as to a diverse range of industrial applications, including natural resource exploration and extraction, high- speed rail, heavy equipment, factory automation and alternative energy generation. Our leading position in harsh environment products will enable strong growth in the future.
in 2012, we continued to
invest strongly for the future
with new interconnect
technology offerings for our
customers, both organically
and through strategic
acquisitions, as well as
through further development
of our management team.
In addition, we continued our expansion into new geographies. At year end, we had more than 41,500 employees, of whom 80 percent were employed in low-cost regions. This has been a tremendous achievement for the Company and is the result of our ongoing efforts to expand production in these low-cost regions during the last decade. Most importantly, our presence in emerging economies has never been confined to simple low-cost production; we have created new, vertically-integrated businesses, encompassing management, research and development, sales and marketing, and manufacturing engineering, thereby positioning us to capitalize on the many growth opportunities in these
with the acquisition of tel-Ad Electronics, Amphenol is now an interconnect leader in the important innovation center of israel.
exciting markets. In particular, Asia has become our largest geographical end market, expanding to account for more than 44 percent of sales in 2012. Our broad geographic presence provides the opportunity to continue to balance our production locations to maximize customer service and minimize total cost. To that end, we are especially proud to have completed our first acquisition in the vibrant technology center of Israel in 2012, and are excited about our many opportunities for further global expansion.
We have continued to pursue our long-term successful strategy of acquir- ing complementary companies with superior, entrepreneurial manage- ment, excellent technology, strong market positions and the potential to gain leverage from Amphenol’s global market position. In 2012, we accelerat- ed our acquisition program, adding five new family members to Amphenol in the automotive, industrial, commercial air, broadband and IT and data communi- cations markets, all creating excellent new platforms for future expansion for the Company. We are very excited about the growth potential created by these new additions and continue to explore additional acquisitions that are accretive to future performance.
Our talent development program has produced more than 80 general man-
       4

  agers, individuals who run businesses and who have full accountability for their performance. Through our entrepreneurial management structure, we have created a tremendous depth of well-rounded, talented managers, positioning us very strongly for the future. Our management team is committed to driving sustained excellent performance for the Company through a shared dedication to pursuing leading technology and the highest levels of customer service. The entire Amphenol team has created significant value through many business cycles and is well-prepared to capitalize on the opportunities and to meet the challenges that will arise in 2013.
the revolutionary spread
of electronics across every
one of our served markets
is creating significant
opportunities for growth.
We are excited to play an
integral part in enabling
that revolution, as new
equipment, applications and
functionalities take hold
across essentially every area
of the marketplace.
The electronics revolution is happening against the backdrop of the ongoing trends of globalization, customer and vendor consolidation, increasingly challenging technology requirements andthedriveforintegratedsolutions.We have capitalized on these trends in 2012, and look to the future with the benefit of being in the strongest position in the history of the Company to take advantage of the multitude of exciting opportunities that we see across all of our markets.
For more than a decade we have achieved growth that is more than double the rate of the overall interconnect industry, all while achieving industry-leading profit-
ability. This outperformance is a direct result of the consistent application of our strategybyouroperatingexecutivesand the local general managers of each of our operating units worldwide. Their drive to maximize the performance of each of these businesses in their particular market and region is what sets Amphenolapart.
We leave 2012 with pride
in having accomplished our long-term goal of reaching
$4 billion in sales and are poised and ready for our
next challenge. We believe amphenol is uniquely positioned to continue to outperform the industry as we leverage both our technology and our unique culture to reach new heights of performance in 2013 and beyond.
Amphenol’s greatest asset has always been our entrepreneurial management team, an unparalleled team that drives a culture of performance to every level of our organization of 41,500 employees. This culture of performance extends to both technology leadership and operating discipline — the key ingredients to sustained industry- leading performance.
n Our emphasis on technology leader- ship and product innovation is vital to both growth and profitability. We will continue to leverage our strong technology capabilities to create new market opportunities by offering our customers unique technological advan- tages. In addition, we will tailor our new product development toward higher margin opportunities by creating value for our customers through leading-edge innovations that enhance overall equipment performance.
n Our culture of strong operating discipline is what makes the difference in terms of our consistent achievement of industry-leading profitability and cash flow. We will drive proactive cost reductions to stay ahead of competition. We will react quickly at the local level to market dynamics. We will maintain financial discipline. And we will continue to drive accountability and a superior performance culture down to every level of our organization.
This is the Amphenol difference. This is how we will continue to enhance overall return and how we intend to outperform the industry in any economic environment.
 we expanded our product portfolio, thereby gaining further position in the high-growth alternative energy markets.
It is with the full commitment of our management team and of every Amphenol employee that we will continue to drive the Company forward to produce superior performance for our customers, satisfaction for our employees and excellent returns for our shareholders.
R. Adam Norwitt
President and Chief Executive Officer
   5
