    To our shareholders, customers, associates, and friends:
Peter McCausland
  Our theme this year focuses on the “Value Created Here” at Airgas for our customers, associates, communities, and shareholders. In nearly every area of operations, Airgas associates executed well on core business, strategic product categories, and acquisitions, delivering meaningful value in fiscal 2006.
In the past, one strategy or another would carry the day. This year, we were “firing on all cylinders.” We hit our stride and are now moving forward with great momentum to solidify our position as America’s leading distributor of industrial, specialty and medical packaged gases, and safety and welding equipment.
Clearly, economic trends are favorable. The U.S.
is in the midst of an industrial renaissance, which means more customers need more gases, welding supplies, and safety equipment for manufacturing, maintenance, and repair. America also is investing in its infrastructure with new federal programs for highways, bridges, and energy projects, adding to a boom in non-residential construction.
While economic conditions have created wind at our back, we
are generating our own internal momentum by following the right strategies, with talented, hard-working associates, who are making the most of an unmatched national footprint and an expanding product line to create value in many ways.
Airgas people also did a great job of coping with the pressures of rising costs and severe hurricane-related disruptions in product supply. We are proud to note that in this past year, we delivered what our customers needed – when they needed it most.
It was a remarkable year for Airgas. Earnings per share from continuing operations grew 36 percent to $1.62. Return on capital improved 180 basis points to 11.8 percent. Revenues rose 20 percent to $2.8 billion and same-store sales were up 11 percent, with strong sales in the industrial, energy, and non-residential construction sectors.
Economists forecast that non-residential construction will be one of the fastest growing marketplaces over the next decade, and we have evidence close to home. Red-D-Arc Welderentalsà – which rents welding machines to non-residential construction customers – was our fastest growing business in fiscal 2006, with a 31 percent increase in same-store sales.
Sales of Radnorà private-label welding and safety products grew 26 percent, pushing past $115 million in annual sales.
All of our strategic growth lines exceeded expectations: Bulk gas sales were up 14 percent to more than $140 million, safety sales grew 17 percent to $396 million and we saw strong growth in specialty gas, medical gas, and carbon dioxide. These strategic growth categories, many in less cyclical industries, now account for nearly 40 percent of total revenue.
Shareholders saw the best measure of our value in share price, which increased 64 percent in fiscal 2006 and then achieved all-time highs in late April. We also continued our commitment to return value through increased dividends with the declaration of a $0.07 quarterly dividend per share payable June 30, 2006.
Selling more to existing customers
Airgas success starts on the front lines. Two years ago, we rededicated ourselves to our core customers, the small- and medium-sized industrial companies with fewer than 100 employ- ees accounting for more than three-quarters of our packaged
gas revenues. We made sure our stores are always stocked with their must-have items. We provided welding and customer service education to our store associates so they could better anticipate and answer customer questions. And we empowered front-line people – from branch managers to drivers – who
have made our stores and plants more valuable to our customers.
These customers have welcomed the changes, recommending our stores and associates to their co-workers and neighbors. Sometimes our associates go to heroic measures to serve customers, as Airgas branches along the Gulf Coast did after last year’s storms.
   10
       
 Airgas Annual Report 2006
4000% 3500% 3000% 2500% 2000% 1500% 1000%
500% 0% -500%
Annual
Compounded
Return $3,000
• Sales
• Shareholder Equity
• EBITDA* $1,200 • Interest Expense
$900
$600
$300
$0
FYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFYFY
899091929394959697989900010203040506
Total Holding Period Return
Sales ($ Millions)
Shareholder Equity, EBITDA, Interest ($ Millions)
FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06
Among our more than 675 branches, we have true champions, like those in Keokuk, IA and Gillette, WY, which earned our first National Branch of the Year honors in the summer of 2005. These locations, along with 24 regional winners, proudly displayed Stanley Cup-like trophies made from cylinders with engraved bands. We will soon announce the winners for 2006 and add their names to the trophies.
Many more large customers are recognizing the value of our platform. These customers often come to us for one particular need – gases or safety equipment – but our ability to provide timely product deliveries to all their locations builds trust and leads to opportunities for multiple product line sales. As a result, we grew Strategic Accounts business by 20 percent to nearly $350 million in fiscal 2006.
Entering New Markets
Through the years, Airgas has successfully moved into adjacent product markets – safety supplies, medical gas, and bulk gas – that build on our overall strength in the core packaged gas business.
In fiscal 2006, we expanded into ammonia distribution with the acquisition of LaRoche Industries’ ammonia business and the creation of Airgas Specialty Products. The business, which includes a nationwide network of 24 locations and more than 100 delivery vehicles, is the leading supplier of ammonia products and services in the U.S. One principal use for ammonia is nitrogen oxide abatement, or DeNOx treatment, for air quality programs. We are already realizing significant cross-selling opportunities and have launched vertical market programs that deliver value to the utilities and chemical process industries (CPI).
Airgas has always supplied non-residential construction companies and contractors with the gases, welding machines, and safety supplies they need on the jobsite. In fiscal 2006, we added another vertical market program for construction with a national market leader, experienced national sales leaders working with the largest engineering and construction customers, and a network
of local specialists to work with small and regional contractors.
*FY89 – FY06 reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA presented above appears on page 69. Note that Interest Expense includes the discount on the securitization of trade receivables.
We also opened our first “contractor-friendly” store in Philadelphia, stocked and staffed to provide the gases, welding, safety, and Red-D-Arc welder rental offerings that contractors need. We plan to open several more in key construction markets in fiscal 2007. The construction market currently accounts for about 10 percent of total sales and we believe we can double our revenues in this mar- ket as we create value with unique product and service offerings.
Growth through acquisition
Acquisitions remain a vital part of our overall growth strategy because they allow us to better serve core customers in local markets and provide better coverage for national customers with multiple sites. In addition to the LaRoche ammonia business, we expanded through 12 core acquisitions for a total of $141 million in acquired revenues. These included a large regional distributor, Kanox, in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Colorado early in the year and Byrne Specialty Gases in Seattle, WA, at fiscal year-end, which will enhance the value of our specialty gas and life sciences offering not just in the Northwest but nationwide.
“Best-in-class” distributor
As a distributor, we stake our reputation on timely delivery from our distribution centers to our branches, and from the branches to our customer sites. Airgas has the most cylinders in the industry – more than 7 million – as well as liquid dewars, tube trailers, and MicroBulk and bulk tanks. Add a $1 billion in hardgoods and safety product flowing through our network and you can get a sense of the scale of our job to ensure we deliver what customers need, when and where they need it. But we are up to the task, with the strongest delivery infrastructure in the industry, which is delivering value to customers of all sizes in all markets.
Airgas 21%
S & P 11%
Russell 10%
$2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $500 $0
Gillette, WY
Keokuk, IA
11

          $140
$130
$120
$110
$100
04 05 06
Bulk Gas Sales
$390 $360 $330 $300 $270
$200 $180 $160 $140 $120
               04 05 06 Safety Sales
04 05 06 Medical Sales
  Nearly 3,000 Airgas drivers spent more than 80 million miles on the highways delivering products to our customers in calendar 2005. Even though we have more vehicles driving more miles than in past years, Airgas drivers have focused on lowering preventable and total vehicle accident rates during the past year.
I am proud to report that Airgas earned the CGA Bulk Fleet Safety Award for the best safety record for fleets with more than 20 million miles driven in 2005, a testament to our commitment to safety and the growth of our bulk business in recent years.
We continued to take a long-term view in adding to our national infrastructure. During the fourth quarter, we opened our sixth hard- goods distribution center near Cincinnati, which further improves our ability to deliver hardgoods and safety products to our 675 branches and end customers. We also made progress in programs to help us measure and improve production and cylinder fulfillment from plants to branches. As a result, fulfillment rose from 85 per- cent in fiscal year 2005 to 94 percent by the end of fiscal 2006.
We also invested in our specialty gas infrastructure by completing installation of our proprietary AcuGravTM technology in 20 stations around the country to assure purity, consistency, and on-time delivery of gas mixtures.
Energizing and empowering associates
AcuGravTM is one of the most exciting recent developments in the spec gas industry. Our analytical lab customers love it because it removes the human element and allows us to make high-tolerance gas mixtures with precision and consistency for every batch at every location. I love it too, for a different reason. For me, it repre- sents the achievement of an Airgas culture that encourages initia- tive. The entire system is the brainchild of Rob Shock, an Airgas associate who was convinced there had to be a better way to mix gases and felt empowered and rewarded for developing a state-of- the-art solution. Today Rob heads up a ten-person R&D automation center in Cheshire, CT, which is pursuing other ways to computer- ize processes in our plants and in our customers’ locations.
Then there is Bob Irick, who knows his subject cold. When Wyeth Research in Collegeville, PA, was concerned about its existing mechanical freezers, which relied on electrical power and compressors to keep its samples frozen, Bob and other Airgas associates recommended a bank of liquid nitrogen freezers, which each use less power than a light bulb for automated controls. The result: more storage space for samples, at a lower cost per vial and – with a battery backup – samples that are safe even in a power failure. That’s the kind of initiative that prompted Wyeth to recently renew a five-year national agreement with Airgas for its packaged gases and related needs.
This sense of ownership doesn’t happen on its own. We have long encouraged employee stock ownership. In recent years,
we introduced a Local Gainsharing Plan that allows front-line associates to share in the profits when their local operations exceed plan. In fact, Local Gainsharing paid out more than
$3.5 million in fiscal 2006. We increased training for front-line associates and branch managers, adding more product, process, and managerial development classes.
Airgas associates feel connected to fellow Airgas associates and with the communities in which we operate. After Hurricane Katrina, one of our first priorities was to help the people of Airgas displaced by the storms. Associates came through in a big
way, contributing more than $120,000 to the Airgas National Disaster Fund, which was matched dollar for dollar by Airgas. The Fund also garnered the support of several vendors, including Miller Electric, which donated $25,000.
  12
         
  Airgas Annual Report 2006
          $180
$160
$140
$120
$100
04 05 06
Specialty Gas Sales
$360 $330 $300 $270 $240
$120 $100 $80 $60 $40
               04 05 06 Strategic Accounts Sales
04 05 06 Radnorà Brand Sales
 Airgas helped raise more than $50,000 nationally for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation through Great Strides walks in many of our communities. In fiscal 2007, we are raising even more for Cystic Fibrosis during the nationwide tour of two Airgas Choppers, custom motorcycles designed and built by Orange County Choppers.
Like our two Airgas Choppers, Airgas associates are revved up and ready to roll. We are proud of what we have built and the way we have built it – for the long haul. As we approach our 25th anniversary, we are excited about a bright future. We recognize that Airgas is about people and given the right environment, resources, and tools, Airgas associates create real value.
Before closing, I want to acknowledge several people who have helped Airgas lead our industry. In January, Gordon Keen retired as senior vice president – law and corporate development, after completing 24 years of outstanding service to Airgas. Gordon has literally been with us every step of the way, from the founding of the company in 1982.
This month, Al Crichton retires after 18 years with Airgas and
more than 35 years in the industry. During his tenure as Western Division President, Al helped those regions grow from about $150 million to more than $1 billion in annual sales. He also played a pivotal role in our Repositioning for Growth in the late 1990s, which planted many of the seeds now yielding value today. All
of us at Airgas value the contributions of Gordon and Al and we look to make them proud as we carry on the Airgas tradition. I personally will miss working with these outstanding individuals and good friends.
Finally, I want to acknowledge the guidance and contributions of Robert Yohe, who has been a member of the Airgas Board since 1994 and who will retire later this year. We are grateful for his voice on a strong independent board.
Looking ahead
We accomplished a great deal in fiscal year 2006, but not without challenges. As a distribution company, we faced steep increases in product, fuel, and equipment costs. We also encountered gas supply disruptions caused by the hurricanes. For the most part, our customers accepted price increases, which were designed to offset these and other cost increases and to preserve our margins. With energy prices still rising and product shortages expected this summer, additional pricing actions will be implemented in fiscal 2007.
As our customers expect, we will continue to exercise expense discipline and leverage our infrastructure, innovation, and talent to remain the low-cost supplier in the industry.
It is a great time to be an Airgas shareholder. The success of our strategies has given us strong forward momentum, and we are hitting our stride. As a company, we have a lot of confidence, but I would hasten to add that we are not overconfident. We are keenly aware that tomorrow’s marketplace will require our best efforts each and every day to win and retain our customers’ business.
We have built this company by taking the long view and by creat- ing value in many different ways. Airgas associates understand that it is not only our key strategies and major acquisitions, but also the little things we do every day for our customers, our fellow asso- ciates, and our communities that create value.
With more than 10,000 well-trained, energetic and enthusiastic associates at 900 locations executing sound customer-focused business strategies, a lot of value is being created here at Airgas.
Peter McCausland
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 9, 2006
  13
      