Peter McCausland Executive Chairman

To Our Shareholders,
From the day Airgas came into existence in 1982 through today, we have put ourselves in our customers' shoes and asked ourselves what we need to do to help them become bigger, stronger, more profitable and more competitive. Every time we make a major investment, acquire a new company or build out our capabilities, we ask ourselves how it will impact and benefit our customers. In the process, we have become a partner who our more than 1 million customers can trust to deliver quality products, provide outstanding service and go above-and-beyond to meet their needs.  By focusing on our customers and remembering who owns the company, Airgas has achieved more than three decades of nearly uninterrupted growth. We grew again in fiscal year 2015, though not as much as we anticipated. For the year, net sales increased 5 percent to $5.3 billion, earnings per diluted share rose 4 percent to a record $4.85, and while our free cash flow was down from all-time high levels the previous year, it was still strong, allowing us to pay out quarterly dividends that were 15 percent higher than the previous year.  Our strong cash flow levels also enabled us to continue making acquisitions in fiscal year 2015. We acquired 14 industrial gas and welding supply businesses, including facilities in seven states across the U.S. and a rental welding equipment business in the U.K., and began construction on two new air separation units. By expanding through acquisitions and building better geographic density, we are better able to serve local and national customers in all market sectors. Our strong cash flow also supports the $500 million stock repurchase program which we announced in late May.  We continue to invest in new capabilities that are centered on our customers. In this report, you will find examples of the investments and efforts we are making to help our customers succeed. This is hard work in a tough economic environment, but I truly believe it will pay off.  From our new SAP operating system that gives customers improved order tracking, reporting and transactional processing capabilities ... to our welding hardgoods vending machines that can be located on-site for instant product access ... to a more robust eBusiness platform and an increased number of sales channels that allow customers to access Airgas in the way that works best for them, it's easier than ever to do business with Airgas.  And whichever way our customers access us, they know they will receive the unmatched range of services, solutions, products and expertise they've come to expect from Airgas. That's because our culture includes a strong drive to help our customers succeed by any means necessary. During the past year, we continued to make great progress in building our growing array of capabilities aimed at keeping in front of customers' needs and providing a tailor-fit selection of products and services to deliver exceptional value in a variety of industries and markets.  For example, we have focused on providing the wine industry with the supplies and products they need, including our newest offering of sulfur dioxide used in conjunction with wine preservation and fermentation, to produce a great vintage. To support our laboratory customers, we released our new Guide to Gas Cabinet Safety and Code Conformance in conjunction with our line of standard cabinets for hazardous gases to help our laboratory customers understand requirements and provide a safe and reliable on-site storage solution for hazardous gases. We've invested in
14

new specialty gas plant capacity in Tulsa, OK; Tooele, UT; and Stryker, OH, to meet the growing needs in the analytical, industrial and energy marketplaces, and have focused on developing hydrogen packaged gas solutions and key relationships for fuel-cell-powered materials handling equipment. We also continued to refine and optimize our offering for our food and beverage customers, ensuring the high quality, safe and fully compliant systems, products, and certifications they demand.  Further, we continued to serve as the primary supplier of gases and hardgoods to the contractor for the Cheniere Energy liquified natural gas (LNG) project, one of the largest construction projects in the country. The logistics of servicing this project are impressive, including more than 30 on-site bulk gas tanks, hundreds of cylinders, and the supply expertise needed to manage it all. We take great pride in seamlessly providing this customer with what they need, when and where they need it, so they can focus on completing the job.  These initiatives are just a few among many examples of the great, value-added work our associates have been doing in the past year to support our customers in all markets--and this great work bolsters my confidence in the long-term future of Airgas.  Yet, overall, fiscal year 2015 was disappointing. The year was slow to start, but showed accelerating year-over-year improvement through the December quarter. However, the fourth quarter slowed considerably due in part to disruptions caused by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, the collapse of oil prices and, yet again, another winter of extreme conditions.  The current sluggish economy has many similarities to the period from 1998 through 2002 when the industrial economy flat-lined and the dot-com bubble burst--causing a double dip recession and a lot of caution on the part of our customers. Back then, it felt like we were pushing on a string. The past few years have been similarly frustrating, not in terms of the work we are doing to create a more customer-focused company, but in the results we are reaping from these efforts.  Still, we see many reasons to be optimistic, both on the micro and macro level. During the past few years, while the economy has struggled to gain momentum, we have performed very well compared to our peers. We still believe the American manufacturing renaissance is near and that the outlook for the U.S. economy in the next 10 years is good. The signs are there. America is on track to be energy independent by the end of the decade, and right now a lot of companies from Europe and Japan are focusing their investment dollars on the U.S.  Airgas is a very resilient business with a diverse customer base. We always come out of these down economic periods with a sustained growth burst, and I see no reason to believe it will be any different this time. For the past 28 years, our company has delivered a total compounded annual return to shareholders of 18 percent. In good economic times or bad, we move forward with the build out of capabilities that will benefit Airgas, our customers and our shareholders in the long run.  We truly understand our business and our customers. I know we are focused on the right areas, and with a little help from the economy, we are well positioned to outperform our competitors and achieve outstanding results for our customers and our shareholders going forward.

Peter McCausland Executive Chairman July 2015

2015 AIR GAS A NNUA L R E P ORT

Michael L. Molinini President and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders,
In fiscal year 2015, Airgas cleared the decks and directed our full and complete focus on our customers.  For the past several years, we took on and completed a myriad of initiatives and improvements to Airgas' infrastructure and capabilities. From the SAP implementation, to a new regional structure, to deploying enhanced telesales and eBusiness sales channels, these initiatives are going to make us a better gases and hardgoods provider to our customers. However, they also required Airgas associates to split their time and energies between business-building efforts and taking care of customers. When you are multi-tasking, you might be moving forward, but definitely not as fast or as effectively as you can when you have a clear, singular mission.  Today, we have a simple directive and message for everyone at Airgas: Control what you can, watch your nickels and dimes, and--most importantly--do everything in your power to help make your customers successful. That's it. No laundry list of priorities and sub-priorities, just a simple mission with a laser focus on our customers.  When we took this message to Airgas associates in the field, you could almost sense them waiting for the next shoe to drop. But when we made it clear that there was a period at the end of the statement--not a comma followed by a list of new programs--you could definitely sense their excitement.  Finding new and better ways to serve our customers is the sweet spot where Airgas associates really excel. In fiscal year 2015, they proved this once again.  Almost two years ago, we embarked on a mission to reduce the size of our largest regions and areas. We also introduced an even smaller geographic zone--districts--that allowed us to put local management in very close proximity to customers. After completing training in fiscal year 2015, our 200-plus district managers immediately began making connections with their customers and have continued to enhance and deepen the customer relationships that have been a hallmark of our company throughout our history.  We're getting very positive early feedback from our customers as our district managers visit customer sites and work with their local teams of Airgas associates to move with the speed, responsiveness and creativity that customers want and expect from Airgas. The same thing is happening with our move to smaller regions. We split some of our biggest regions to enable our regional presidents to be tremendously successful in a more manageable geography, especially in regions that had expanded exponentially due to our company's growth through the years.  Our business has always been an amalgamation of many, mostly small details, and when our associates have the proper time to pay attention to these details, they do a magnificent job taking care of their customers. Having smaller, collaborative teams covering tighter geographies is one of the keys to our success as it affords us the intimacy to understand and resolve the customer's issues by utilizing our unmatched product and service portfolio.

With our SAP information platform now firmly in place, customers of all sizes and types can interact with Airgas through any number of our sales channels--branches, eBusiness, telesales, field sales, strategic accounts--to access real-time data about their accounts, orders, products and much more. Whether a customer operates from a single location or from hundreds or even thousands of locations, with SAP providing a consistent platform and data from across Airgas' multiple sales channels, we can effectively meet their needs.  At Airgas, when it comes to serving our customers, there are no tough calls. If it's right for the customer, Airgas is going to do it as long as it can be done safely. That's how we've been able to build long-lasting, collaborative and trusting relationships with our customers--and will continue to do so going forward.  For example, we recently made a multi-million dollar investment in new MicroBulk trucks. In terms of the size of delivery mode, MicroBulk falls between cylinders and small bulk tanks. Even though we did not have customers already lined up to load these new trucks, we recognized that there are many customer locations where MicroBulk would better fit their needs than their current supply mode. We more than doubled our new MicroBulk installations in fiscal year 2015.  We have also been making a big push to "bullet-proof" our supply chain. Over the past several years, because of market instabilities and product shortages, we have not always had the quantities of certain gas products our customers required. We have been investing in new gas production plants to take more direct control of the reliability of supply, as well as diversifying our purchases of certain gases by expanding the number of providers we rely on. We take our responsibility to have what our customers need, when and where they need it, very seriously and are committed to being the most reliable supplier in the industry.  Many times when our welding process or specialty gas specialists visit customer sites, their recommendations will include ways to conserve gases and save the customer money. We love selling gas, but it's even more important to us to serve as trusted partners and continually find ways to help make our customer's business better.  We're proud of how far and fast we've grown as a company during the past three-plus decades and our ability to increase sales and earnings in fiscal year 2015 while facing sharp, unpredictable swings in the economy. Despite the poor economic climate, we stayed focused on our customers in fiscal year 2015. We work hard to help our customers win in their markets and, only then, can we win in ours.

Michael L. Molinini President and Chief Executive Officer July 2015

15

