7000%

Annual Compounded Returns 2010 AIRGAS ANNUA L R 21% EPORT Airgas

U U U U

Sales Shareholders' Equity EBITDA* Interest Expense $1,800 $1,600 $1,400 $1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200
FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11

Shareholders' Equity, EBITDA, Interest ($ Millions)

$4,500 $4,000

Total Holding Period Return

Sales ($ Millions)

6000% 5000% 4000% 3000% 2000%

$3,500 $3,000 $2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $500 $0

S & P 11% 1000% 9% *Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures appear on pages 70 through 73, Russell including

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND FRIENDS:

a reconciliation to reported earnings of $2.93 per diluted share, which reflects the 0% impact of costs related to the unsolicited takeover attempt, debt extinguishment -1000% charges, multi-employer charges, and a one-time interest FY FY pension FY FY FY FY plan FY FY withdrawal FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY FY 86 87 88 Expense 89 90 91 92 for 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 2001-2010 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 the penalty. Note that Interest Fiscal Years includes discount on the securitization of trade receivables.

$0

There's a feeling you get when you finally break free of a traffic jam and see only open road ahead. It's more than relief. It's a sense of optimism and freedom as you retake charge of your own destiny. That's where we are today at Airgas. The global recession and Air Products' unsuccessful hostile bid for our company are both in our rear view mirror, and we are back where we belong ­ delivering on the promise of an operating model, a platform for growth and a workplace culture that are unmatched in the industry. Our reaction to the recession is serving us well now. We didn't retreat in the face of hardships. We stayed true to our long-term vision for the company, knowing that our tried-and-true growth strategies would see us through and enable us to keep creating value for our shareholders, customers and associates. In fiscal year 2011, we increased sales by 10 percent to $4.3 billion, with total same-store sales up 8 percent, driven by an 11 percent increase in hardgoods and 7 percent growth in gas and rent. Adjusted net earnings* for the year were $285 million, a 27 percent increase over the year before. It was a fantastic year, and not just in comparison to recession-ravaged fiscal 2010. Our diluted earnings per share ­ adjusted to exclude special items primarily related to our defense of the takeover bid ­ rose 25 percent to a record high of $3.34*. We also recorded $387 million in free cash flow, our second best result ever, and joined the Fortune 500 list of the largest U.S. companies. This strong, across-the-board rebound speaks to the fighting spirit and resilience of Airgas. The strategic moves we made during the economic downturn, along with the outstanding performance of our associates through all the ensuing distractions and disruptions, enabled us to manage our way through fiscal 2010, regain momentum in fiscal 2011 and ride into fiscal 2012 with confidence that we are well positioned to record the best-ever results in our company's nearly 30-year history.

Investing in Our Growth Platform During the past three decades, we have built a strong and unique business platform that provides all modes of industrial gas delivery ­ packaged, bulk and on-site ­ and the industry's broadest offering of welding hardgoods, safety supplies and construction and MRO supplies to customers wherever they need them. We have never stopped evolving this platform to stay in sync with our customers' needs, and that was true during the recent economic downturn. Since January 2007, we have invested nearly $2.6 billion in capital expenditures and acquisitions. At a time when other companies might have been inclined to stand pat, we moved forward ­ building new air separation units, opening a new carbon dioxide plant, upgrading our existing fill plants and improving and enlarging our inventory of cylinders and bulk tanks. In fiscal 2011, we made eight acquisitions with annual revenues of $21 million. While not insignificant, it was still fewer acquisitions than we expect going forward as the economic recovery continues to unfold. From day one, acquisitions have been an important part of our growth strategy. With more than 400 acquisitions already under our belt and a track record of successful integrations, we know exactly how to make acquisitions ­ and how to make them immediate contributors in terms of revenues, profits, production and customer service. A Better Way to Run Our Business While we continue to augment our physical infrastructure and footprint, we are also strengthening our internal capabilities. In this regard, the installation of a new enterprise-wide SAP information system stands out as one of our most important ongoing initiatives. The phased rollout of this new system ­ which will give all Airgas associates access to shared, real-time data ­ began one year ago, in July 2010, with the successful conversion of the network we use to run our hardgoods business.

We committed to this SAP conversion long before the economic downturn and Air Products' unsuccessful bid. Even as external conditions worsened, we stayed true to our course. We believe the benefits to our customers make the SAP system a vital step forward for Airgas and will enable us to deliver enhanced value to our customers and shareholders. Today, with the new SAP system in place, our buying centers can more quickly and accurately track the status of customer orders. Our distribution centers can accelerate delivery times through the use of radio-frequency devices tied to the new system. Our Safety business can more easily process credit card payments. And that's just the hardgoods business. In early April we converted our first regional company to the new system. We will generate even greater customer efficiencies across the enterprise as our core gas distribution business steadily rolls on to SAP. With more than a million customers, Airgas is a large organization. As we've grown, we have always strived to operate with an entrepreneurial mindset, and SAP gives us the data-retrieval capabilities that allow us to be much more responsive to customers where it counts most ­ at the local level. That's one of the reasons we are reorganizing Airgas from 12 geographic regions to four larger divisions. Each division will be responsible for a larger part of the United States, but with SAP creating a tighter network of Airgas branches, plants and offices, our local operations will have access to more ­ and more useful ­ real-time information from across our entire network. Given their larger scale and access to accurate, up-to-date information, each division will also be able to deploy more functional expertise and help us operate our business more effectively and efficiently. We expect very attractive returns from this significant investment. Keeping Customers at the Forefront We're getting closer to customers in other important ways. In fiscal 2011, we restructured our sales force so that our people are more closely aligned with the diverse customer segments we serve ­ such as metal fabrication, energy, medical and construction. Because we have a critical mass

of customers in at least 10 different segments, we have deployed specialists who can concentrate on a specific market area and bring a higher level of expertise to their customers. Today, product and industry specialists make up more than 25 percent of our total sales force. All of our associates are dedicated to delivering great customer service. During the past several years, we continued to expand our Core Strategy II training program, which helps everyone in the organization hone their customer service skills ­ from answering the phone with a friendly greeting to responding to customer requests quickly and never assuming an issue is somebody else's problem. Fulfillment rates, on-time deliveries, and billing accuracy are also important focal points. The impact of these efforts was evident in a stream of new customers, large and small. We also signed a number of strategic, multi-year contracts with large customers who selected us last year to be the single source for their gas and hardgoods needs. And, we are seeing a noticeable uptick in customer awards ­ including supplier of the year awards from one of America's leading healthcare purchasing networks and one of the world's largest automotive service equipment providers. A wide variety of customers are also responding to our increased commitment to serving our accounts smartly and with a smile. And they're writing to tell us about it. Mike Wood, an Airgas account manager in the Great Lakes region, recently heard from one of his customers. When a local plumbing and pipefitting union needed an emergency shipment of welding supplies for a training class, Mike made the trip ­ at night and in a snowstorm. "This made it possible for me to send eight young men out to a jobsite in St. Louis, and in turn they were able to keep a roof over their families' heads and food on the table," wrote Terry Potts, the training coordinator for the Lansing, MI, chapter of the United Association of Plumbers and Pipefitters. "As a result of my experience with Airgas, I am personally recommending your company to all my contractors and affiliates. You should be proud of the way your people take care of their customers."

10

11

2011 AIRGAS ANNUAL REPORT

I am proud of the performance of our associates and everything else they do to make Airgas such a great company. The Power of Our People Airgas associates are the best in the industry, by far. They are committed to innovation. In the past year, they introduced a line of high-efficiency, small-footprint cryogenic freezers for our food processing customers, developed new remote gas monitoring systems for laboratories, and introduced a high-volume breathing air system that provides hours of reliable breathing air for up to 100 workers at a time for confined space use. Our associates are also committed to safety. In April 2011, for the second year in a row, Airgas earned the Compressed Gas Association's (CGA) top two driving safety awards ­ for safest bulk fleet and safest cylinder fleet. When you consider that our people drive 120 million miles each year, through some of the toughest conditions imaginable, this achievement becomes even more impressive. Just as noteworthy is our continued improvement in workplace safety. For six straight years, we have seen the number of recordable workplace injuries either decline or stay at the same low rate as the year before. Airgas associates care about the environment and helping people in need. This past year, they expanded our use of ultrasonic cylinder testing, which reduced water use by 14 million gallons across the Airgas enterprise, and developed a new monitoring system ­ called StatusCheckerTM ­ which lets life science labs reduce energy usage by alerting them to open freezer doors. And they continue to find new ways to support soldiers and their families through our partnership with Operation Homefront, which we have extended through fiscal 2012. Airgas associates are committed to getting better each and every day ­ and we are more than happy to help them on their professional journeys. In fiscal 2011, we added more courses to our Airgas University training program and our associates took an impressive 107,000 individual training sessions throughout the year. We also revamped a process for identifying high-potential candidates to create a strong pipeline to fill future leadership roles. Most importantly, Airgas associates are aligned with our shareholders. They think like owners, because many of them are. Approximately one half of Airgas associates own Airgas shares, and management and the Board own more than 11% of Airgas shares.

Ready to Move Forward I can't overstate what an amazing job our associates did in fiscal 2011. They had every excuse ­ weak economy, hostile bid, large-scale computer conversion ­ to shift their engines into neutral, but instead they worked harder than ever and delivered the best results since the global economic crash hit in late 2008. In many ways, it was a watershed year ­ proving once and for all that we are capable of weathering economic downturns and emerging from even the deepest recession stronger than we entered it. And now we're ready to really start rolling. In May 2011, we announced plans to repurchase up to $300 million of Airgas stock. This latest share repurchase program reflects our continuing confidence in the future. Our business is strengthening, our balance sheet is clean and solid ­ with no significant environmental, pension or tort liabilities ­ and we continue to generate strong cash flow for acquisitions and capital expenditures. The quality of our earnings and cash flow is outstanding. We're just beginning to see a broad-based recovery for the economy, and the returns from SAP, our other recent investments and improvements in our operating model have yet to be fully realized. As the economy gains its legs and our SAP implementation expenses fall away in the next 18 months, we expect even further expansion in sales, earnings and returns. We started fiscal 2012 with two large acquisitions ­ Pain Enterprises, Inc., and ABCO Gases, Welding and Industrial Supply Company, Inc. ­ as well as several smaller ones, ending the long drought caused by the economy and Air Products' unsolicited offer. The road ahead of us is wide open. This is a great industry with lots of room for growth, and as the industry leader, we're not content to coast. That's never been the Airgas way. Heading into our 30th year as a company, we're more determined than ever to keep delivering everything that our customers and shareholders expect from Airgas ­ and that we expect from ourselves.

AIRGAS AT A GLANCE
We are a leading distributor and producer of packaged gases, welding hardgoods and safety supplies, with a full line of products and services in a broad range of categories. Our national platform of approximately 1,100 locations and more than 14,000 associates serves a diversified customer base through branchbased field sales, retail stores, strategic accounts, telesales, catalog and eBusiness channels.
Airgas is the largest U.S. distributor of packaged gases and welding hardgoods Primary Gases: U Oxygen U Nitrogen U Argon U Carbon dioxide U Helium UÊ Hydrogen

U U U U U

Acetylene Fuel gases Refrigerants Nitrous oxide Ammonia

Serving a broad customer base

INDUSTRIAL MANUFACTURING 26% REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE 29% ENERGY AND INFRASTRUCTURE CONSTRUCTION 10% MEDICAL 9% PETROCHEMICAL 7% FOOD AND BEVERAGE 6% RETAIL AND WHOLESALE 3% OTHER 3% UTILITIES 3% TRANSPORTATION 2% ANALYTICAL 2%

AIRGAS... Known locally nationwide with approximately 1,100 locations

EAST NOR PAC NCN INTERMOUNTAIN WEST NORTH CENTRAL GREAT LAKES MID AMERICA NATIONAL WELDERS MID SOUTH SOUTHWEST

Peter McCausland Chief Executive Officer July 2011

SOUTH

12

13

