WE DREAM. WE DO.
An Aramark day begins the same way, every day, all over the world. It's a quest for excellence that involves people with a strong sense of pride in their work and an organization dedicated to getting it right. Innovation is what we bring to the everyday. Passion is at the heart of our process, and pride is what defines our people.

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER Dear Shareholders,

Welcome to Aramark's 2015 annual report. I am proud to share the financial results that illustrate our strong 2015 performance, and honored to tell the ongoing transformation story being produced by our 270,000 hard working associates around the world in service to our clients, consumers, communities and shareholders. Last year we continued making solid progress on our transformation journey. Aramark is a Fortune 200 global powerhouse serving thousands of clients in over 20 countries, and since going public in 2013 we have consistently achieved double-digit adjusted earnings growth. This has allowed us to increase our common dividend by at least 10% in each of the last two years. We are in the midst of transforming the company's productivity and profitability model and see

substantial upside ahead as we become an even better and more disciplined operator. We are encouraged by what we have accomplished, but even more excited about the opportunity ahead. In our view, we are just getting started. Importantly, our financial improvement is being achieved simultaneously while reinvesting in the business to grow shareholder value. This reinvestment, particularly in technology, supports our clear and focused strategy ­ our 3 As focused on Accelerating Growth, Activating Productivity and Attracting and Retaining the Best People. Underpinning our strategy is the repeatable business model we have implemented to drive executional excellence consistently across each of our businesses and geographies. A transformation of this magnitude does not come easily or quickly, but as

our results show, it is working. I am appreciative to our entire organization for their commitment to our cause. I would like to spend some time discussing how we are achieving our results and how you can expect us to keep capitalizing on our sales and margin opportunities. Key to it all is focusing on our long-term 3 As strategy and repeatable business model to drive profitable growth, while carefully nurturing

Accelerating Sales
~ GR CA 3.5 %

14.3 14.1

13.9

13.4

2012

2013

2014

2015

Organic Sales $B (52W)

Aramark 2015 Annual Report

1

" Looking forward, I remain exceptionally excited about our prospects and potential.  Our investments in growth, people and technology are creating a solid platform from which I am confident we will deliver long-term and sustainable shareholder value."

Aramark's culture to fuel the talent

between 2009-`11 and generated consistent upward momentum. Our momentum has been well balanced across new business, base business, business verticals and global geographies. By utilizing consumer insights we are innovating the everyday and ultimately delivering service excellence at the "moment of truth" to distinguish Aramark and enhance our competitive position. Turning to Activating Productivity, our efficiency improvements are generating savings to reinvest in growth while expanding our margins. Our productivity programs are organized around the major cost categories of food, labor and SG&A. The actions we are taking in these areas are collectively allowing us to improve our profitability, while simultaneously investing in technology and people to keep supporting our ongoing productivity initiatives. It is the ultimate virtuous circle. As you can tell by our results, this strategy is working. Our success enabled us to recently commit to a goal of improving our adjusted operating income margins by 100 basis points over the next three years.

Improving Profitability

that drives our enterprise. Let me explain more about each.
$881

~ GR CA

6%

First, we set a clear mission and values to guide everything we do. Our mission to "deliver experiences that enrich and nourish lives" resonates with our clients, consumers and employees alike. Our shared values (at left)

$852

$781 $746

2012

2013

2014

2015

Adjusted Operating Income $M

serve as Aramark's true north to steer our decisions and actions. Next, we repositioned the portfolio roles of our business sectors and the countries where we operate. Each is positioned to deliver high, medium or lower growth, with the deliverable for lower growth contributors to produce higher margin improvement. Finally, our repeatable business model drives improved quality and efficiency across our thousands of locations to ensure consistently high quality service and memorable experiences. Let me turn to our 3 As strategy and provide brief commentary on each, and some context for how they factor into our financial results. I'll start with Accelerating Growth, and point out we have moved from flattish topline growth

Ou r

Va l u e s

2

Aramark 2015 Annual Report

We have also made significant progress Attracting and Retaining the Best Talent. The cultural shift we are leading puts our front line first ­ the Service Stars with the most direct impact on our clients and consumers every day. Their ability to understand and execute our repeatable business model is the key to consistently delivering excellent service at that all important "moment of truth." To ensure they benefit from the best direction possible, we have ramped up our manager training program, Aramark Academy, with 3,000+ front-line leaders completing this program. We have substantially boosted our college recruiting efforts, attracting nearly 1,000 recruits and interns last year. Our "Encore! Encore!" employee recognition program has been implemented worldwide, and we launched Aramark's first-ever frontline recognition program -- the Ring of Stars -- to showcase and celebrate the best of our great hourly associates globally. Considering the 270,000 associates who wake up every morning dedicated to "dreaming and doing" for Aramark, we are in the people business above everything else. I am extraordinarily proud of

our team's achievements and immensely appreciative of their contributions, and will always remember that the service they provide to our clients and consumers each and every day is what makes Aramark special. Looking forward, I remain exceptionally excited about our prospects and potential. Our investments in growth, people and technology are creating a solid platform from which I am confident we will deliver long-term and sustainable shareholder value. I would be remiss in closing this letter without thanking our clients and consumers for entrusting us with their business and needs, and assuring them we intend to do everything in our power to keep earning their loyalty day in and out.
2012 2013 2014 2015

Adjusted EPS
$1.57 $1.45 $1.24 $0.97

Eric J. Foss
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

Aramark 2015 Annual Report

3

