A Message from the Chairman, President and CEO
Our purpose at Aramark is to enrich and nourish the lives of the customers, consumers and communities we serve around the world every day. We do that by Dreaming and Doing -- by innovating and executing to deliver service excellence everywhere we operate. Our 270,000 associates take great pride in providing great experiences wherever people learn, work, play and recover.

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
I am pleased to report that 2016 was a year of record breaking progress on Aramark's journey -- one marked by unprecedented financial results and total shareholder return that significantly outpaced the broader markets. Our focus over the past several years innovating for our clients, engaging our employees and improving our financial performance has helped to build a strong foundation for our company, one that I like to think of as: · Proven -- The ability to drive consistent and sustained results. · Powerful -- A leader in an established & resilient industry with a blue-chip client base. · Promising -- Executing a clear & focused strategy to create shareholder value. This foundation delivered outstanding financial results* in 2016 including: · A 21% increase in earnings per share and an 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share1. · 80 basis points of operating income margin expansion to 5.2% and nearly 40 basis points of constant currency adjusted operating income margin expansion to 6.5%. · A 30 basis point reduction in Aramark's total debt to covenant adjusted EBITDA ratio to 3.9x. · An 8% increase in our dividend. · All of which drove total shareholder return of 25% for the fiscal year.

Our Three-Year Goal We have been focused on strengthening our company through the execution of a three pronged strategy -- Accelerating Growth, Activating Productivity and Attracting and Retaining the Best Talent. Our focus on Accelerating Growth has led to an expansion of our sales force and a sharply honed approach to winning in the marketplace. This has allowed us to reap strong rewards. Through our Activating Productivity anchor we are achieving savings in food, labor and SG&A costs which allow us to reinvest in the business while expanding margins. We need the right people to execute this strategy, so through Attracting and Retaining the Best Talent, we are making Aramark an even better place to work. This has not been a small undertaking, and will continue to require significant investments in the business, particularly in technology. The great news is that these investments are working -- the food and labor tools we spent the last few years developing are delivering meaningful cost reductions. The success of these pilots has provided us with a good line-ofsight on our deployment plans, which in turn gives us confidence in our 3-year earnings targets. In December 2015, we announced a goal of increasing Aramark's adjusted operating margins1 by 100 basis points and adjusted earnings per share1 to $2.20 by the end of fiscal 2018. With nearly 40 basis points of adjusted operating income margin expansion delivered in 2016, we are well on our way to achieving our goal and the corresponding shareholder value. Our New Partnerships We executed the largest and most successful account mobilization in Aramark's distinguished history -- hiring, training and on-boarding in record time more than 1,000 associates at Yosemite National Park. We also welcomed Koelnmesse/Cologne

1Constant

Currency

*Annex A of this Annual Report includes reconciliations of financial measures presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") to non-GAAP financial measures included in this Annual Report.

2

Aramark 2016 Annual Report

" Looking forward, I remain exceptionally confident in the worldwide Aramark team and the outlook for our company. Our Proven, Powerful and Promising foundation enables us to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder value."

Fair, the largest client in our German business' history. These historic partnerships were just two of many new client relationships started in 2016. Our Growing Portfolio We welcomed Avoca into the Aramark portfolio, one of Ireland's most successful retailers, as well as HPSI, a leading GPO that serves thousands of healthcare providers, educational institutions and hospitality businesses in the U.S. These strategic "tuck in" acquisitions enhance our consumer brand portfolio and ability to compete in the group purchasing space. Our Innovation in Action We continued to accelerate growth through our innovation framework to drive revenue, consumer satisfaction and loyalty. Another hallmark is an exciting new strategic partnership with TV personality, restaurateur and "Iron Chef" Cat Cora to develop and activate an exclusive Mediterranean concept in 2017. Our Commitment to Health & Wellness We are very proud of the results from our Healthy for Life® 20 By 20 initiative with the American Heart Association to improve the health of consumers. In year one, we achieved an 8 percent reduction in calories, sodium and saturated fats across our menus, well ahead of our targets, and generated dramatic response from the underserved communities where we piloted a health engagement and education program to improve diets and lifestyles. Our Culture of Recognition Our 270,000 team members around the world are the foundation of our success and we are committed to recognizing our Service Stars who deliver on our brand promise every day. In 2016, we proudly welcomed our second annual Ring of Stars class, which honors our 200 "Best of the Best" frontline team members. We were also recognized once again as an employer-of-choice for our diverse and inclusive work environment.

Our Bright Future Looking forward, I remain exceptionally confident in the worldwide Aramark team and the outlook for our company. Our Proven, Powerful and Promising foundation enables us to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder value. I also remain encouraged by the economic resiliency of Aramark's business model. Our diversified client base reduces concentration risk, as no single client comprises more than 2 percent of annual sales; our variable food and labor costs allow us to substantially flex with the macro environment; and roughly half of our sales are derived from less cyclical industry sectors, resulting in another level of stability. I greatly appreciate your ongoing interest and investment in our company. Your confidence in us has enabled our success so far, and your continued support is instrumental to our future success.

Eric J. Foss
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Aramark 2016 Annual Report

3

