ARROW TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

The year 2001 saw an abrupt end to the industry upturn that had fueled much of our growth in 2000. Early in the year, it became clear that a dramatic fall-off in demand combined with the build-up of inventory by our customers and suppliers would cause a severe downturn in the electronic components sector. SIGNIFICANT CASH AND While networking and telecommunications segments saw the steepest decline, sales and FINISHED THE YEAR WITH A production weakened across most segments as our customers were challenged by the worst STRONGER BALANCE SHEET AND market in the industry's forty-year history.
WE GENERATED WITH MORE RESOURCES TO

As a result of these factors, Arrow Electronics posted $10.1 billion in sales, compared to $13 billion in 2000, a decrease of 22 percent. Only the acquisitions of Wyle Electronics and the MOCA division of Merisel toward the end of 2000 prevented our results from declining further. Net earnings were $77 million and earnings per share were $.77 on a diluted basis, excluding the special charges associated with the acquisition and integration of Wyle Electronics and the organization changes we undertook to resize our business for the depressed market conditions. Including the charges, net loss and loss per share for 2001 were $73.8 million and $.75, respectively.
INVEST IN OUR BUSINESS.

While it is the nature of our business that when sales decline, our working capital utilization and cash flow improve, Arrow generated close to $1.7 billion in cash through a focused effort to reduce operating expenses and inventory. Most of this cash generation can be attributed to our inventory performance. We began the year with nearly $3 billion in inventory, and, at year-end, our inventory was $1.4 billion, a more than 50 percent reduction. Particularly noteworthy is that we brought down our inventory by a greater percentage than the decline in sales. Managing and Investing for Today and Tomorrow The inherently cyclical nature of our business demands that we manage change and respond to the challenges created by an upturn, downturn, or transition to the next cycle. In strong markets, we invest in inventory and receivables to support our customers' increasing demands for products and services. In this up part of the cycle, our focus is on maximizing profitable growth. In the down part of the cycle, we must tightly control expenses and focus on cash generation. In either part of the cycle, or in transition to the next cycle, we must remain financially and operationally disciplined. In 2001, our employees around the globe supported our efforts to reduce our operating expenses, to maintain our margins, and to increase our profitable revenue. Through our cost containment programs, we reduced our operating expense structure by more than $100 million per annum. We gave our sales teams new tools to demonstrate to customers the value we add and the cost of that value. Where we could not generate profitable business for Arrow, we made the difficult decision to withdraw from certain customer and supplier engagements. All of these efforts made it possible for us to generate significant cash and to finish the year with a stronger balance sheet and with more resources to invest in our business. Ultimately, our strength lies in adapting to changes in the market and in preparing for those changes. In 2001, we did not sacrifice tomorrow's growth for today's profits. We know that we must be prepared for the inevitable, increased demand for our products and services. Therefore, we continued to make strategic and selective investments in people, in improved processes and systems, and in infrastructure to expand the services we offer our more than 175,000 customers. These investments spanned the globe­from Japan, where we increased our ownership position in Marubun, our partner in the joint venture that serves Japanese customers with manufacturing facilities in the North American and Asia/Pacific regions­to Europe, where we added six new locations to extend our local sales and marketing presence­to North America, where we opened a new 430,000-square-foot distribution and programming center in Reno, Nevada. Finding New Ways to Create Value One of the strengths of the electronics distribution industry in general, and of Arrow in particular, has been our willingness to adapt our business models and our services to match the changing needs of customers. While some observers of our industry were concerned that the emergence of contract electronics manufacturers in the early 1990s would be detrimental to distribution, Arrow saw this as an opportunity to serve a fast-growing segment. To do so, we created a dedicated and tailored business model

4

that included only those services that contract manufacturers would value and for which they would pay. We created systems that made it possible for us to support the design activity at an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) in North America and to follow that product through to the OEM's remote plant or contract manufacturer in China. As consolidation and globalization in the industry increased, our worldwide presence and economies of scale positioned us well to meet their requirements. As you may recall from previous years, we responded to the growing excitement about and interest in the Internet by making investments in our internal capabilities to provide web-based, real-time access to the Arrow system for information, ordering, and materials planning. In part, we wanted to ensure that we were positioned to defend our business from Internet providers who claimed that they could offer the same services as distributors, and thereby displace distribution. We were successful in defending ourselves from the dot-coms, who turned out to be little more than a collection of servers and software and who were unable to add value or to satisfy the demanding requirements of serving the world's leading electronic equipment manufacturers. Moreover, we capitalized on the opportunities that the Internet created for us to offer additional information services and to expand our presence in our customers' supply chain, from the moment the product is conceived to the moment the component is installed on the circuit board. The technology, the tools, and the experience gained from our Internet Business Group have strengthened our core service offering and created new value for our customers. In 2001, we launched a suite of Internet design and supply chain services, including Arrow Risk Manager, Arrow Alert, and Arrow Collaborator. These interactive and real-time resources prevent costly design delays, provide immediate notification of changes to components, pipeline product for manufacturing, and measure and evaluate the accuracy of customer forecasting to improve materials planning. We believe that these tools provide significant, additional value to our customers, and we have been charging for them separately. Our ability to take risks, to invest in inventories­not just software, to tailor our service models to specific customer segments, and to share our broad and deep understanding of the technology and the market make us an increasingly critical link in our customers' supply chain. Our People Are the Constant When I first arrived at Arrow, I was immediately struck by the commitment, the energy, and the talent of Arrow's employees. At the time, we were in the process of changing how our North American businesses were aligned to serve customers. In just one holiday weekend we accomplished our realignment, launching new customer-focused selling groups, moving dozens of locations, and completing a complex systems conversion with no interruption of service to our customers and suppliers. This performance has been repeated many times during acquisitions, organization realignments, and in the daily delivery of our services to more than 175,000 customers and 600 suppliers worldwide. The suddenness and the severity of the downturn forced us to resize our business. This required us to make some tough decisions, including the elimination of more than 1,700 positions worldwide. At the same time, our remaining employees made many personal sacrifices, supporting our efforts to maintain profitability. They worked longer hours with fewer resources and with fewer rewards. Our ability to enter 2002 with a strong balance sheet, new services for our customers, and ready for the inevitable upturn is the result of their dedication, their commitment and their spirit, for which I am profoundly grateful.

Francis M. Scricco President and Chief Executive Officer

5

