We have created two great companies that are positioned for success. Valvoline will focus on building the world's leading engine and automotive maintenance business, while Ashland stands poised to fulfill its vision of creating the world's premier specialty chemicals company.
William A. Wulfsohn Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders: Fiscal 2016 was a keystone year for Ashland. With the completion in late September of the initial public offering of approximately 17 percent of Valvoline Inc., we have created two great companies that are positioned for success with the flexibility, strategic focus and financial resources to generate revenue and earnings growth. Valvoline will focus on building the world's leading engine and automotive maintenance business, while Ashland stands poised to fulfill its vision of creating the world's premier specialty chemicals company. Heading into fiscal 2016, the Ashland team established four core investor priorities. The first was to keep the team focused on delivering on our strategic and financial objectives for the year. Earlier in the year, Ashland Specialty Ingredients (ASI) faced a number of macroeconomic challenges from foreign exchange and the weak demand from reduced oil and gas market activity in North America. That said, the team made good progress on a number of fronts. We installed several new commercial leaders who have brought a new sense of purpose and discipline to drive improved results. We instituted new commercial excellence initiatives and also enhanced our research and development processes under a newly created

A Note from Our CEO

3

role of chief technology officer. As anticipated, the ASI team returned to volume growth in the fourth quarter. Within Ashland Performance Materials (APM), the Composites division proved resilient in a lowgrowth global environment as the team focused on controlling costs and drove innovative solutions across their wide range of industries, from automotive light-weighting to enabling the purification of safe drinking water across the globe. Although a decline in butanediol (BDO) prices during the year negatively affected the performance of our Intermediates and Solvents (I&S) division, our team ­ which we believe is the strongest in our industry ­ took action in the fourth quarter to stabilize pricing. Our second core investor priority in fiscal 2016 was to improve our cash conversion. We helped set the stage for this last fiscal year by establishing a $335 million asbestos trust. We followed that by making a voluntary $500 million contribution to better fund the U.S. pension plan and reduce ongoing cash funding requirements. In addition, we tightly managed working capital and drove productivity improvements. This enabled us to defer certain capacity expansion projects, ultimately lowering our overall capital spend versus our plan. Together, these actions helped drive a 24 percent year-over-year increase in free cash flow in fiscal 2016. Our third core priority was to effectively deploy this cash to create shareholder value. To this end, during fiscal 2016 we bought back more than 5 million shares of Ashland stock under a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. In addition, we completed the acquisition of Oil Can Henry's, a quick-lube chain in the Pacific Northwest, and reduced debt, on a consolidated basis, by nearly $500 million. At the same time, we continued to make important investments within ASI's highly differentiated, core growth end markets to support growth. These investments included opening new production and laboratory capabilities to support the rapidly growing pharmaceutical market in China, and expanding our cellulosic capacity in both North America and China. Finally, our fourth core investor priority for fiscal 2016 was to take the required action to separate Valvoline from Ashland. This was a major undertaking, and the

time and energy expended by the organization to achieve this objective should not be underestimated. Ultimately, we took the necessary actions to ensure the separation would be cost neutral, essentially offsetting incremental costs associated with becoming a public company by redesigning, and ultimately outsourcing, much of our information technology infrastructure and expanding the scope of our shared service activities in Poland and India. In addition, we made the difficult decisions to freeze our pension plan and eliminate retiree medical in order to help create a more competitive cost structure. Beyond cost neutrality, to effect the separation we also built the capabilities and corporate infrastructure needed for Valvoline to operate as a stand-alone company. It took a tremendous team effort, but on September 28, one year after announcing the separation, we successfully completed the Valvoline IPO.

Pivot to Premier
As we enter fiscal 2017, we have outlined three core investor priorities. The first is to complete the final separation of Valvoline and establish the new Ashland as a focused specialty chemicals company. The second is to deliver on our fiscal 2017 plan, which includes year-over-year EBITDA growth at ASI, stabilizing pricing within APM's I&S division, and taking aggressive action to reduce year-overyear selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense through our previously announced cost savings initiatives. We are making strong progress toward achieving the $25 million in cost savings, which should more than offset inflation over the next 18-24 months. The third core priority for the year ahead is to `pivot' to becoming the leading premier specialty chemicals company, which includes ensuring we have a true specialty portfolio, delivering topquartile EBITDA margins and growth, and consistently driving strong cash conversion. Our management team and board of directors have a proven track record in taking aggressive, timely action to evolve the portfolio, whether by acquisitions or divestitures. That bias for action and

discipline will continue as we plan to complete the full separation of Valvoline next spring. ASI has built a highly differentiated portfolio of specialty ingredients in which we continue to invest. These products comprise a relatively small portion of our customers' end-product costs, yet often have a significant impact on the performance of those products. Within Performance Materials, our Composites team has done a good job of sustaining margins in a challenging industry by maintaining its focus on selling solutions and effectively managing costs, resulting in strong North American cash flow. Ashland's I&S division, while efficiently run, presents a challenge as it is a cyclical, commodity-driven business operating today at what we believe is the bottom of the BDO cycle, and going forward, the assessment of the role of I&S in Ashland's portfolio will have renewed emphasis. In our view, the second element of becoming a premier specialty chemical company is to deliver top-quartile EBITDA margins and growth rates that exceed gross domestic product (GDP). With the separation from Valvoline, our focus on this important area of execution will expand. We have put in place an initiative to increase the impact of new products. Our target is to increase our sales from new products to 30 percent of ASI by 2020.  We also believe new product sales should carry higher gross profit margins than the average today. We start this journey with a highly differentiated set of technology platforms, the best scientists in our industry, and world-class laboratory, analytical, scale-up and manufacturing infrastructure. We currently have more than 2,800 active patents around the world and, over the past year, we filed for 30 unique patents. This figure includes 19 patents to protect our new hybrid technologies, which bridge the benefits of our unique combination of technology platforms. In addition, ASI's recently revamped commercial leadership team is working to ensure our sales teams capture the true value of our market-leading technology and drive share gains through a focused commercial excellence program. We also are making some changes to our functional organization to ensure we sustain high levels of compliance, but at a lower cost and with a stronger focus on enabling sales growth.

The third element of being a specialty chemical company is to drive strong, consistent cash conversion and, in turn, to deploy that cash effectively. While Ashland reported good gains in free cash flow in 2016, we believe there is room for improvement. We are targeting a ratio of capital investments plus changes in working capital to be less than 7 percent of sales going forward. This will require that we reduce our capital spending compared to fiscal 2016 and manage down inventory levels during the year. We will prioritize organic investment in our specialty product markets first.  That said, we already have a healthy R&D investment and do not believe we need significant capital to support our near-term growth objectives. We also remain open to bolt-on acquisitions if they are close to our core, in highly differentiated areas, and available at a price that delivers compelling investor returns. However, acquisitions are not a primary focus at this time due to current high valuations and our laser-like focus on driving EBITDA growth through improved execution. That leaves us with two other uses for our cash ­ reducing debt to lower interest expense, or returning cash to shareholders. Ashland has $500 million remaining on the previously authorized share buyback program which expires in December 2017. In closing, we are excited about this "pivot to premier." We have a great team aligned around a clear strategy. While much work remains, and it will take some time to see the full impact of our efforts, we are confident we have the right action orientation to achieve Ashland's full potential. Thank you for your continued support and investment. Sincerely,

William A. Wulfsohn Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 21, 2016

5

