James J. O'Brien, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS: Ashland is making progress.
In June 2005, we completed our exit from petroleum refining and marketing, a strategic initiative first announced in March 2004. After being known as an oil company for 81 years, Ashland is now a diversified
2

chemical business with holdings in transportation construction. By building on our strong chemical base and eliminating the earnings volatility associated with the petroleum business, this new Ashland will provide long-term, increased value for our shareholders.

PROGRESS. POTENTIAL. In fiscal 2005, we delivered results in a tough environment. Both our
Chemical and Transportation Construction sectors depend heavily on oil and energy in their operations. Between September 2004 and September 2005, crude oil prices had increased more than 40 percent, and natural gas prices had increased nearly two and a half times. Other key feedstocks and precursors exhibited similarly jolting increases. In response, our businesses managed margins, introduced new products and drove results. Within Specialty Chemical, which achieved a 54-percent increase in operating income, each of our Performance Materials (formerly Thermoset Resins) business groups achieved record earnings. For Casting Solutions, growth in Brazil and China contributed to a second consecutive record year. A focus on premium resins, careful price management and the successful acquisition of the DERAKANE® resin line led Composite Polymers to record profits. The Specialty Polymers and Adhesives group introduced a new pressuresensitive adhesive and increased sales in the engineered wood segment, leading to record sales, operating income and cash flow. Our Water Technologies businesses realized a 10-percent earnings increase, excluding one-time U.S. governmental contracts, even while investing in growth. To further market penetration, these businesses

"In fiscal 2005, we delivered results in a tough environment."

increased sales and technical staff during 2005 by 49, or nearly 6 percent, with 18 in the key Asia Pacific region. Our Water Technologies businesses are successfully commercializing key growth initiatives. Drew Industrial is transforming the water treatment industry with its SONOXIDE® ultrasound technology for treating bacteria, algae, mold and biofilm in industrial water systems. More than 350 SONOXIDE units have been installed worldwide. Also, Drew's PathGuardTM pathogen control system is now in 72 U.S. poultry processing plants, wineries and breweries. Valvoline faced severe pressures in fiscal 2005, with rapidly escalating raw materials costs, deep competitive discounting and a decline in the U.S. lubricant market. These factors reduced our sales volumes and led to a 14-percent decline in operating income for the year. In 2006, Valvoline will act to protect and regain volume. Ashland Distribution exceeded its earnings record established in fiscal 2004, with a 58-percent increase in operating income for 2005. This division is a model for driving change and efficiency throughout our organization. Distribution's customer service, transcontinental reach and environmental responsibility make it a preferred channel partner to the world's largest chemical and plastics manufacturers. In our Transportation Construction Sector, commercially known as APAC, fiscal 2005 operating income was down 57 percent versus 2004. We are working to improve this business. We are enhancing our bidding process to better manage bid margins and to fully reflect the market value of internally produced aggregates and hot-mixed asphalt materials. We are enhancing our analytical tools to better assess and, therefore, mitigate risks associated with energy and raw material costs. We are formalizing our bid review process so that bids greater than $100,000 will be subject to the same standards and scrutiny. We are sharing best practices throughout APAC.
3

Potential.

Progress.

Ashland has four primary goals in fiscal 2006 and beyond: to integrate the Chemical Sector, to improve the performance of the Transportation Construction Sector, to employ the proceeds from the MAP Transaction in a value-creating manner and to generate cash flow.
4

INTEGRATE THE CHEMICAL SECTOR. To achieve sustained profitable growth, we must leverage efficiencies throughout our chemical businesses and across our range of customers and suppliers. Therefore, our supply chain must be global, highly adaptive and technology-enabled. In October 2005, we successfully launched the first phase of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, GlobalOne, in Canada. GlobalOne will provide the Chemical Sector with uniformity, transparency and leverage across the supply chain, thereby reducing administrative and transit costs and working capital. Most important, this common system will enable us to seamlessly, efficiently and effectively process customer orders for any Chemical Sector product. We want to provide superior customer service on the front end, and efficient purchasing, manufacturing and delivery processes on the back end. IMPROVE TRANSPORTATION CONSTRUCTION SECTOR PERFORMANCE. To be successful, APAC must achieve operational excellence in both the construction services and construction materials components of its business. Our ability to schedule properly, manage project costs from initiation to completion and optimize the use of material, equipment and personnel will drive construction services profits. In addition, we must manage our asphalt and aggregate plants more efficiently and achieve higher production levels. Finally, we are carefully analyzing the profitability of each of APAC's markets and assessing their future potential. Our primary objective is to grow APAC's bottom line, even if this results in a smaller construction business.

"We are demonstrating our commitment to grow our businesses and win in the marketplace."

REDEPLOY MAP PROCEEDS. The MAP Transaction put Ashland in a solid financial position. We retired considerable debt, giving us a strong balance sheet. Now we are carefully considering our opportunities to deploy the proceeds in value-creating ways. As we consider acquisitions, our teams are identifying different markets, channels and customers -- all with the goal of strengthening our core businesses, leveraging our capabilities and achieving our financial objectives. We are looking beyond U.S. borders to emerging growth markets. GENERATE CASH FLOW. An important determinant of the value of a business is its ability to generate cash flow over time. Our goal is to drive sustainable cash flow from our portfolio across an economic cycle. We will do this by driving profit growth from our businesses and improving efficiency from our capital assets. HIGH PERFORMANCE. During the past three years, we laid the foundation for a high-performance culture that will move us toward our goal of top-quartile performance in the markets in which we compete. I am energized by the tireless efforts of Ashland employees, who are bringing us closer to realizing our vision. With sales and operating revenues of $9.3 billion in fiscal 2005, Ashland has made great progress, and we are demonstrating our commitment to grow our businesses and win in the marketplace. Indeed, I am excited by Ashland's potential.
Sincerely,

5

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 21, 2005

