We are well-positioned as a high-performing specialty chemicals company.
James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders During the past few years, we have made a series of choices specific to both acquisitions and divestitures to build a highperforming specialty chemicals company. As I write this letter, we have announced another major step in our transformation: the pending sale of Ashland Distribution, which we expect to complete in the March 2011 quarter. While Ashland Distribution is currently performing well, it does not fit our long-term strategy to focus on, and grow within, specialty chemicals. What will Ashland look like without Distribution? We will consist of four strong businesses with overall metrics more indicative of our specialty chemicals foundation. While our sales will be reduced by some $3-plus billion, the effect on Ashland's EBITDA will be relatively small, resulting in an increased EBITDA margin. In addition, our sales will reflect a more global mix, with almost half coming from outside North America and nearly 20 percent coming from the high-growth markets of Latin America and Asia Pacific. I want to express my thanks to the employees of Ashland Distribution, who have worked hard to improve their business model and create a stronger distribution business. They have positioned this business for continued growth, and the potential is high for a bright future under its new ownership.

Significant successes in fiscal 2010; strong balance sheet and increased dividend Turning to our results for fiscal 2010, Ashland delivered a solid performance, with all of our commercial units contributing to growth. Even more significant, through some of the most turbulent global economic conditions in decades, we have completed seven consecutive quarters with adjusted EBITDA in excess of $200 million, and our adjusted EBITDA margin for the fiscal year stood at 10 percent. Cash flow for fiscal 2010 was particularly strong in light of the buildup of working capital to support our business expansion. Our focus on working capital optimization yielded significant cash savings, and we have now achieved three consecutive years of working capital improvement. During the year, we completed the last major milestone in the Hercules integration, while continuing to resize our underlying cost structure to better match today's reduced demand environment. Since April 2008, this set of initiatives has generated in excess of $425 million of annualized savings. We have more than exceeded our initial goals, and we continue to look for ways to further lower our costs.

1

Our balance sheet is strong, and we have ample liquidity to implement our growth strategies.

Our balance sheet is strong. At the end of March, we refinanced our debt, reducing our interest expense going forward by approximately $50 million annually. In addition, our strong cash generation enabled us to lower our net debt by about $400 million during fiscal 2010 and to increase our liquidity at fiscal year-end to $1.2 billion. Starting with the June 2010 quarter, the board of directors doubled the dividend to an annual rate of 60 cents per share. This increase demonstrates the board's confidence in our ongoing ability to generate cash and deliver results, as well as its desire to share Ashland's success with our shareholders. Solid commercial unit results I am proud of the work Ashland employees have done to position the company and prepare us to compete no matter the economic environment. All of our commercial units delivered improved yearover-year performances, on a comparable basis, despite significant inflation in many of our key raw materials and the slow pace of economic recovery. Ashland Aqualon Functional Ingredients generated roughly $215 million of adjusted EBITDA, for an increase of 5 percent over the prior year. Through much of the year, Functional Ingredients was in a sold-out position for many of its key product lines, tempering sales and volume growth. The startup of a new plant in Nanjing, China, focused on products for the coatings market, should help relieve capacity constraints and enable us to capture strong growth and customer demand in China and the surrounding Asia Pacific region. Additional projects planned for 2011 and 2012 will increase capacity for KlucelTM hydroxypropylcellulose, an excipient used in pharmaceuticals, and for carboxymethylcellulose, an additive used in the food and energy markets. Market-focused innovation is a key performance-driver for Functional Ingredients, and during fiscal 2010, new product introductions accounted for 23 percent of sales ­ a record for this business.
2

Ashland Hercules Water Technologies grew adjusted EBITDA by 2 percent, earning just over $200 million in fiscal 2010. Rapid raw-material inflation throughout the year temporarily compressed margins, and we continue to take pricing actions to offset these rising costs. Our growth strategy focuses on high-potential markets and higher growth regions, such as tissue and towel in China. Our platform launch process for new product introductions helps us bring products to market more quickly, further developing our competitive advantage and enhancing our product mix. As the economy recovers and raw materials stabilize, we expect our operating leverage, pricing actions and improving product mix to produce stronger results over time. Ashland Performance Materials, which we significantly restructured through the downturn, achieved a 14-percent increase in adjusted EBITDA, earning approximately $90 million during 2010, on a 16-percent increase in sales. Selling, general and administrative costs were essentially flat despite this significant sales increase and similarly strong volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage we have created for this business. In April, we bought out our partner's interest in Ara Quimica, our Brazilian composites joint venture, strengthening our position in the high-growth Latin American market. Also, in July, we signed an agreement with SüdChemie AG to combine our foundry chemicals businesses. When complete, the 50-50 joint venture, to be known as ASK Chemicals GmbH, will be a global leader in the foundry market, delivering solutions to the metal-casting industry worldwide. Ashland Consumer Markets, which is our Valvoline business, achieved record earnings, despite persistent raw-material inflation, and has completed two consecutive outstanding years. EBITDA of nearly $300 million in fiscal 2010 exceeded the record set in 2009 by $10 million. Consumer Markets has reached a new level of profitability, and this performance continues to demonstrate the power and value of our ValvolineTM brand. We expect to take full advantage of our brand strength and expand upon our solid

growth both internationally and through our Valvoline Instant Oil Change channel. Ashland Distribution achieved adjusted EBITDA of almost $90 million for fiscal 2010, a 6-percent increase over the prior year, on sales growth of 13 percent, to $3.4 billion. Continuing management of Distribution's cost structure, combined with improved product mix and pricing discipline, helped to generate the EBITDA increase in 2010. Path to midcycle performance The operating leverage and increased scale that we achieved during the last two years position Ashland well for a return of midcycle demand. When we reach midcycle, we would expect sales from our ongoing commercial units of $7 billion or more, and EBITDA margins of 17 percent to 18 percent for Ashland as a whole ­ this is without the Distribution business or any acquisitions. At midcycle, our Functional Ingredients business should achieve EBITDA margins of 25 percent to 27 percent, while Water Technologies would be at 16 percent to 18 percent. Performance Materials would achieve EBITDA margins of 12 percent to 14 percent at midcycle, and we would expect Consumer Markets to generate 17- to 20-percent EBITDA margins. This performance is well within our reach. We are demonstrating our ability to generate the consistent earnings, gross margins and cash flows characteristic of specialty chemicals companies. We are much more competitive and efficient than we've ever been. We're helping our customers make great things happen, whether it's through the creation of more sustainable building products; lighter, yet stronger, wind turbine blades; skin-conditioning tissues with enhanced surface softness; or pharmaceuticals that excel in both form and function. While we have begun to benefit from economic growth, the full benefit of operating leverage has been tempered by significant raw-material cost escalation. Once raw materials stabilize and our increased pricing recaptures these costs, the favorable impact of

improving volumes on operating leverage should become much more evident. Compelling potential We have many options to choose from to reinvest the cash flow that will be generated by our commercial units, and the expected influx of cash from the Ashland Distribution sale will further enhance our ability to implement our overall strategy. In addition to making growth investments, such as bolt-on acquisitions, capital projects, and research and development, we will continue to evaluate the merits of options such as dividends and stock buybacks, with long-term value-creation in mind. Good chemistry is what makes Ashland different and what makes us better. It's happening in Ashland's labs, offices and plants every day. It's terrific people who are passionate about what they are doing ­ people who are customer- and marketfocused, who innovate, and who are agile and efficient. It's Ashland's people making great things happen for our customers and our shareholders. As we go into 2011, we are well-positioned as a global specialty chemicals company, with a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity to implement our growth strategies. I'm excited about what we can achieve. Best regards,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive O cer November 19, 2010

3

