When I think about our future, the word that comes to mind is promise. Our promise to our people, our customers, our investors, our communities and our suppliers is that we are going to build the best specialty chemical company in the world. I believe we are well on our way.
James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders: It's been quite a journey since 2002, and over the course of that journey, we've reinvented Ashland. Back then, we were a diversified and very cyclical business, supplying petroleum, chemicals, plastics, and highway construction products and services primarily in North America. Today, Ashland is among the largest specialty chemical companies in the world, wellpositioned in important growth markets. This remarkable transformation has created a company with excellent prospects for future growth. Ashland today consists of four strong operations, with almost 80 percent of our pro forma earnings derived from specialty chemicals and the remainder coming from our Ashland Consumer Markets commercial unit. Geographically, nearly half of our pro forma sales come from outside North America. Defining moments: Divestiture of Ashland Distribution and acquisition of ISP Two major transactions in fiscal 2011 completed the transformation of Ashland. First was the sale for nearly $1.0 billion in cash of our Ashland Distribution business in March. Even more important was our acquisition of International Specialty Products Inc. (ISP), a privately held, global specialty-chemical manufacturer with strong positions

in higher-margin, higher-growth and largely noncyclical markets. We completed the ISP acquisition in August for $3.2 billion in cash. With the sale of Ashland Distribution and the acquisition of ISP, we have significantly reduced Ashland's exposure to cyclical markets, and your company should enjoy more stable, predictable earnings growth going forward. Strategic benefits of ISP acquisition Taking a step back in time, as we looked for ways to deploy our capital and grow our specialty chemicals position, it became apparent that ISP was a very compelling opportunity. It achieved more than $1.5 billion of calendar 2010 sales and almost $330 million of EBITDA, offered a global footprint, and possessed the ability to develop and deliver sophisticated, performance-enhancing chemistries to markets we found extremely attractive. And, it was a perfect strategic fit with our Ashland Aqualon Functional Ingredients commercial unit, offering complementary platforms in familiar market segments such as pharmaceutical; hair, oral and skin care; food and beverage; and energy. Today, we call the combined business Ashland Specialty Ingredients, and when ISP's results are included for the full year, this commercial unit would have provided roughly half of Ashland's pro forma EBITDA for fiscal 2011.

1

The opportunity for Ashland is clearly set forth. Our actions to reinvent Ashland have primed us for top-line growth and earnings expansion.
Through this acquisition, we enhanced our penetration of very important growth markets and obtained a portfolio of innovative chemistries that correlated with our own. We now can offer such products as anti-aging ingredients for use in skin care products, advanced styling and fixative polymers for hair care products, and active gingivitis-control ingredients for oral care products. The acquisition of ISP also greatly increased our offerings of pharmaceutical excipients and water-soluble polymers, while expanding our global research-and-development capabilities. Most important, Ashland and ISP serve many of the same customers, and the acquisition builds our relationships with them. Combining these two businesses creates a major force in market focus, technology and innovation that will serve our customers and investors well. Fiscal 2011 performance Turning to Ashland's performance for fiscal 2011, our adjusted EBITDA of $820 million reflected a slight increase over 2010, and our adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 12.6 percent. Our results for the year benefited from the significant cost reductions we have accomplished since 2008, but were dampened by raw-material cost escalation that was relentless throughout the year. Our pursuit of pricing to recover costs helped generate a 13-percent sales increase. Ashland Specialty Ingredients had a great year. Sales were up 37 percent to $1.2 billion, including $157 million from the acquired ISP business during the five weeks we owned it. Specialty Ingredients achieved $300 million of adjusted EBITDA during fiscal 2011, for an increase of 34 percent over the prior year, and the adjusted EBITDA margin was 23.9 percent. Strong demand for many of Specialty Ingredients' product lines, coupled with aggressive price management to cover significant raw-material cost increases, generated the robust results. I expect continued strong growth from Specialty Ingredients. This will be driven by organic growth, especially in the higher-margin pharmaceutical, personal care and coatings segments; by new product innovation; by productivity gains, including obtaining cost synergies from the ISP acquisition; and by geographic expansion, particularly in the emerging regions of the world. Ashland Water Technologies achieved sales growth of 7 percent to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2011, but adjusted EBITDA declined 11 percent to $194 million. The adjusted EBITDA margin was 10.2 percent. Global raw material costs have increased by roughly $120 million, and to mitigate the gross profit impact, Water Technologies has raised its pricing significantly. We recovered more than 80 percent of these raw material increases during the fiscal year. However, I expect Water Technologies to continue to take appropriate pricing actions to recover costs, focus sales efforts on highermargin applications, and maintain its selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses at a level lower than the rate of sales growth. These ongoing actions, coupled with improved volume and mix, should enable expanded margins over time and drive sustainable growth. Fiscal 2011 was a year of change for Ashland Performance Materials. During the first quarter, we contributed our former Casting Solutions business unit to a global, 50-50 foundry joint venture now known as ASK Chemicals. As a result, Ashland was able to harvest approximately $75 million from the business combination. Also, during the fourth quarter, ISP's elastomers business was folded into Performance Materials. This was a good fit as both sell into the transportation and adhesives markets. For fiscal 2011, Performance Materials' sales grew 7 percent to $1.4 billion, including elastomers' one month and two months of Casting Solutions' sales. Adjusted EBITDA for the year grew 3 percent to $99 million, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.2 percent. While Performance Materials has seen strong growth in emerging regions, the return of demand in mature markets has been slow. Given Performance Materials' lower cost structure achieved over the past three years, any incremental increase in demand should generate improved margins, due to the relatively fixed nature of its manufacturing costs and SG&A expenses. To enable topline growth and expand margins, Performance Materials

2

will be pursuing organic growth, including new product innovation; increased sales into high-growth markets such as wind energy and mining; geographic expansion in emerging regions; and further cost reductions. Performance Materials has the plans in place to achieve growth, and these targets are well within our reach. Ashland Consumer Markets, which is our Valvoline business, faced sizeable and repeated raw-material cost escalation throughout fiscal 2011. Although Consumer Markets implemented offsetting price increases, the price-cost lag effect created significant margin compression. Thus, after two consecutive record years, Consumer Markets reported lower earnings for fiscal 2011. For the year, Consumer Markets recorded adjusted EBITDA of $251 million, 18 percent below the prior year, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 12.7 percent. Sales grew 12 percent to $2.0 billion. A key accomplishment during the year was the launch of Valvoline NextGenTM motor oil made with 50-percent recycled, re-refined base oil. Initial acceptance has exceeded our expectations, and we expect to further build market share. We expect Consumer Markets to regain its earnings momentum through necessary pricing actions, development of international markets, increased sales of premium products and expansion of the Valvoline Instant Oil ChangeTM system.

Third is achieving further cost efficiencies. We are targeting $90 million in overall cost reductions. The first $40 million of cost savings should be achieved during the 2012 fiscal year, with another $50 million resulting from synergies from the ISP acquisition. We expect that this should be largely complete by the end of the 2013 fiscal year. By that time, we should have largely integrated ISP and moved it onto our global ERP platform. Last is capital allocation. We expect our commercial units to generate significant amounts of cash for Ashland, which in turn, we will reinvest in these businesses to expand capacity and support growth. Excess cash will be focused on building liquidity to ultimately retire high-interest-rate debt. With gratitude for 31 years of service

I cannot end this letter without acknowledging our longtime colleague David Hausrath, who retires December 1. David joined Ashland in 1980 as an attorney, and during his tenure at Ashland, he has served as a vice president, senior vice president, general counsel and member of the Executive Committee, as well as held the responsibilities of corporate secretary and chairman of the Ethics and Compliance Committee. His keen understanding of complex legal matters, coupled with his high standards, has served the company well. He has provided significant guidance to me Focused on the future during a period of great change for our company. Everyone As I look forward, the opportunity for Ashland is clearly set who has had the privilege of knowing and working with forth. Our actions to reinvent Ashland have primed us for top- David has a deep respect for him and his many contributions. line growth and earnings expansion. This will come from four Promising future primary areas. Ashland's future as a specialty chemical company is quite First is organic growth. We expect all of our commercial units bright. The priority for us now is to fully and successfully to grow in excess of their underlying markets. Underpinning integrate the ISP business ­ as we did Hercules ­ and to this growth will be a broad focus on innovation and leverage the potential that exists. We have size. We have technology, as well as growth in emerging regions. We scale. We have focus. We have built a solid foundation, and are well-positioned in China and Brazil, and we expect to your company is now primed for increased growth. disproportionately favor emerging regions with greater capital and more people to support our efforts there. Second is margin expansion. We expect our consolidated EBITDA margins to grow to 17 percent to 18 percent by fiscal 2014. We should achieve this through greater growth in our higher-margin commercial units ­ in particular, Specialty Ingredients ­ as well as through further cost recovery ­ primarily in Water Technologies and Consumer Markets. We also expect business mix improvements, and finally, we expect to achieve volume gains. Best regards,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2011

3

