To our shareholders:

These are dynamic times at Ashland. Our people are focusing on growth--meeting customers' demands with superior products and solutions. We're optimizing our businesses to improve customer service and achieve efficiencies in our operations. We're finding new ways of doing business better. In fiscal 2006, we reached a milestone on our journey. With the sale of Ashland Paving And Construction, Inc. (APAC), our transportation construction business, Ashland became a singularly focused chemical company. When we sold APAC, however, we were left with an organizational structure designed for our previous two-sector focus. Change was required. We are working to create a streamlined and flexible organization able to act swiftly and decisively to capitalize on opportunities and meet the challenges of the global economy. Today, we have in place a management team that possesses both industry knowledge and substantial experience within Ashland and our operations. We are sharpening our focus on customers, markets and geographies, on identifying and responding to opportunities in the world marketplace. We're meeting with our customers, gaining better and deeper understanding of their wants and needs. Armed with this knowledge, Ashland can and will grow. During fiscal 2006, our Ashland Performance Materials and Ashland Distribution divisions performed very well

and produced record annual operating income. I am also pleased to report that Ashland Water Technologies posted strongly improved results, particularly in the fourth quarter, augmented by the acquisition of Degussa AG's water treatment business at the close of May. Valvoline, however, recorded a loss of $21 million for the year, largely due to ongoing margin compression. Throughout the fiscal year, rapidly rising raw material costs affected all of our businesses. Performance Materials and Distribution managed this challenge well. Water Technologies and Valvoline, however, experienced lags in being able to pass through price increases to their marketplaces. The cost of Valvoline's major raw material, base lube oil, increased by 20 percent. Propylene, a key precursor for Water Technologies' raw materials, increased even more-- by 32 percent, year-end versus year-end. The sale of APAC was a transforming event for Ashland. As we focused on our goal of growing as a diversified chemical company, it became apparent that APAC was a nonstrategic asset we would need to sell. But in order to achieve the highest value, we also needed to improve APAC's performance--one of the goals I stated last year. With the support of a very dedicated APAC team, we did this quite successfully. As a result, it became clear that 2006 was the year to sell APAC. The APAC sale produced roughly a $100 million after-tax gain and generated after-tax proceeds of approximately $1.2 billion. These proceeds are

Ashland Inc. 2006 3

Ashland is on the move throughout the world. We are focused on growing as a diversified chemical company--organically and through acquisitions.

being returned to shareholders in the form of a special dividend of $10.20 per share, which was paid in October, and the ongoing repurchase of Ashland stock. More important, Ashland is in a strong financial position and sharply focused on growth-- both organic and through acquisitions--as a diversified chemical company. We grew our presence in the water treatment market with several acquisitions in fiscal 2006, most notably the water treatment business previously owned by Degussa, now known as our Environmental and Process Solutions business. Through this and other acquisitions, we expanded globally in the rapidly growing markets of China, Russia and Brazil, as well as in the U.S., France and Germany. Our Performance Materials business added a distribution channel in Spain, Portugal and North Africa. Our Casting Solutions business group opened offices in Russia and India during the fiscal year and acquired full ownership of its previous 50-percent joint venture, Hodogaya Ashland Co. Ltd. (HAC), in Japan. With the continued globalization of the metal castings industry, HAC improves our capabilities to serve customers wherever they may be. Ashland is definitely on the move throughout the world. We're making significant progress in meeting another goal: integrating our operations. We're creating a cohesive organization that uses common processes to support growth across

all the businesses and key geographies. We're unifying our global supply chain, which includes purchasing, logistics, customer service, production operations and engineering. While ongoing through several more years, supply chain integration has already captured significant savings through processes like Lean Six Sigma1, while enabling compliance with the American Chemistry Council's Responsible Care2 standard. Completion of our GlobalOne enterprise resource planning (ERP) system will be a key enabler of our ability to integrate operations. The GlobalOne implementation began in Canada just over a year ago. Our experience there provided important learnings as we prepared for the U.S. rollout, which commenced last month at Valvoline. Initial indications are that the conversion is going quite well. Day-to-day operations largely returned to normal within two weeks. Months of preparation, training and detailed testing were crucial. Equally important, our experienced, focused and dedicated implementation teams, along with broad support throughout the organization, have been--and will continue to be--vital to making GlobalOne a success. We have an aggressive schedule. By year-end fiscal 2007, 95 percent of our revenues should be on the same ERP platform. Together, supply chain integration and GlobalOne will drive greater efficiency and effectiveness in bringing our

4 Ashland Inc. 2006

products and services to market, which, in turn, will help deliver a great customer experience. We are also integrating our marketing, strategy, and research and development functions into a single organization that will focus on both acquisitive and organic growth. All of this activity will be firmly grounded on a solid foundation of marketing. This growth team is putting its know-how together to identify market needs and meet them with innovative products and services, enabling our commercial units to focus their energies on selling and growing the bottom line. Creating shareholder value is a priority. We returned $674 million of cash to shareholders via the special dividend paid in October. And our stock buyback is ongoing, as we work to complete the repurchase authorized in September. When complete, we will have repurchased approximately 18 percent of Ashland shares outstanding at the time the MAP Transaction was completed in June 2005. We continue to have a strong balance sheet with which to support organic growth and make value-creating acquisitions. Organic growth is our main focus, but acquisitions will also play a key role. We are actively seeking acquisitions primarily in the $100 million to $500 million range that strengthen our core businesses and leverage our capabilities. Generating sustainable cash flow over an economic cycle is a critical measure of our value and a goal we have set for ourselves. We made considerable progress

toward this goal during the year, and we continue to challenge our businesses to produce cash. Going forward, we believe that through our strategic focus on growth as a diversified chemical company, we have positioned ourselves to maintain, and ultimately build, our ability to generate positive cash flow. While Ashland Performance Materials and Distribution led us to a good year in fiscal 2006, we realize we have work to do to get all of our businesses performing at their highest potential. It is our employees who will enable Ashland's success, and I want to share my sincere thanks for the extraordinary efforts they are putting forth. Throughout the company, people are working hard to bring our goals clearly within reach. We are focused on growing as a diversified chemical company. Our financial position is strong. Our balanced approach to growth should create value for our investors and deliver needed solutions to our customers. We're excited about Ashland's future.

Best regards,

James J. O'Brien
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 21, 2006

Ashland Inc. 2006 5

