TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

As fiscal 2008 begins, my optimism about Ashland's future grows. We have made significant changes to our company during the past five years, and we have just completed our first full year as a diversified chemical company. Along the way, we accomplished two major divestitures; acquired businesses in the U.S., Europe and Asia; and installed our new, enterprisewide operating system.

James J. O'Brien, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

United Arab Emirates

United States of America

Fiscal 2007 Operating Results.

Trinidad & Tobago

N

Switzerland

o doubt, fiscal 2007 was a difficult year for Ashland. Weak conditions in the North American construction and transportation markets challenged Ashland Performance Materials and Ashland Distribution, particularly as the fiscal year drew to a close. Although they maintained profitability, the softness in their key markets affected both businesses' ability to manage margins and control costs. Price increases were not enough to fully offset weaker demand and higher raw materials costs. As a result, Performance Materials' operating income for fiscal 2007 decreased by 21 percent versus 2006, and Distribution's operating income declined by 66 percent. The performance of these businesses is very much tied to the North American economy, which has remained tenuous going into fiscal 2008. We continue to look for opportunities to reduce our costs as well as expand our business into less cyclical market segments and growing global economies. On the positive side, Valvoline is back on track and in a big way. Driven primarily by improved margins in its core lubricants business, Valvoline achieved all-time record operating income of $86 million for 2007 ­ despite continued challenges in the automotive market and $3-a-gallon gasoline. The profit improvement resulted from a more stable base-oil cost environment, the cumulative effect of price increases and better expense management. Over the past several years, the North American motor oil market has been experiencing a fundamental shift from the Do-ItYourself (DIY) segment to the Do-It-For-Me (DIFM) segment, each of which requires different resources and different strategies for success. In 2007, we redesigned Valvoline's business model to better respond to these

Turkey

trends, which also contributed to the year's record operating income. Over the long term and through the business cycle, Valvoline has generally been a steady and predictable contributor to Ashland's bottom line. Ashland Water Technologies also delivered record operating income for the year. This was achieved despite a significant expense from the write-down of PathGuard® pathogen control equipment that resulted when we exited the poultry-processing market. Improved results in Water Technologies' traditional industrial and marine markets, as well as a full year's results from the Environmental and Process Solutions (E&PS) business acquired in May 2006, all contributed to this record performance. We are excited about the future for Water Technologies. Under its new business model, we are erasing the boundaries separating its three formerly independent business units and creating a unified organization that shares functional and technological expertise across markets and serves the customer as one business. While fiscal 2007 was about creating this business model, fiscal 2008 should be about leveraging Water Technologies' scale and geographic focus to obtain operating efficiencies and generate improved financial performance. Global Growth. Weakness in our North American markets was partially offset by strength elsewhere in the world. In fact, our operations outside of North America generated 28 percent of our total revenues, up 6 percentage points over the same 12 months of fiscal 2006, reflecting the addition of the E&PS business in Water Technologies as well as our growing presence in China and strength in our European markets. During fiscal 2007, our operations in the Asia/Pacific region grew revenues by 49 percent as compared with the

3

South Africa

South Korea

Spain

Sweden

Taiwan

Thailand

We place a high priority on environmental stewardship, health, safety and security and proactively seek to minimize risks associated with our products, services and operations. Each day, we work to live up to our own high expectations and those of our customers, employees, shareholders and the communities in which we operate.

4

prior year. European revenues rose by 37 percent, while revenues in the rest of the world grew by 24 percent. And although revenues declined 3 percent in North America, we expect to regain and support our long-term trend of growth in this important market. That said, we see even greater potential globally, particularly in Eastern Europe and China. We have staked out our opportunities in these faster-growing economies and have devoted key resources to realizing this growth. Common Platform, Common Future. We achieved a significant milestone this year in our enterprisewide SAP4 software implementation, which we call GlobalOne. After nearly four years of work, we now have North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa on the same software platform. This ambitious undertaking involved more than 5,000 Ashland employees worldwide. We appreciate their all-out efforts to accomplish this important work. Looking ahead, we expect to implement GlobalOne in China and Singapore later in fiscal 2008 and in other operations after that. Our Global Supply Chain organization has been instrumental in laying the foundation for future profit growth as we strive to achieve a low-cost operating structure. During the past few years, we identified opportunities to optimize the number of back-office locations while improving customer service through the use of Lean Six Sigma5 processes and DMAIC (DefineMeasure-Analyze-Improve-Control) methodology across the Supply Chain. In Europe, we've reduced the number of locations by approximately two-thirds. Five Chinese customer support locations were consolidated into two, while customer support operations in Atlanta, Georgia, and Charlotte, North Carolina, were merged into our Dublin, Ohio, location. The Supply Chain's work to

centralize, unify and optimize Ashland's warehousing, transportation and customer support operations frees our commercial units to focus on market strategy, customer acquisition, and revenue and operating income growth. Gaining the Benefits. Now that GlobalOne is up and running, we expect to begin realizing its benefits in late fiscal 2008 and beyond. While successful, these SAP implementations have caused some short-term pain in terms of lower productivity and higher expenses across our businesses. Going forward, we should start to achieve cost savings as we discontinue maintenance of multiple, disparate computer systems around the world. And, as our people gain experience and obtain more training, they should be able to use the system with greater efficiency and accuracy. We are continually reviewing and optimizing processes so that we can better serve our customers, who have been patient with us during this transition. Ultimately, having this common system should give us better information with which to make timely business decisions through real-time access to customer, cost and pricing, purchasing, inventory, production and financial data across businesses and geographies. As a result, we should achieve working capital and cash flow improvements. In addition, the implementation of the SAP Environmental, Health and Safety module will assist Ashland in achieving the milestones of the European Union's new REACH chemical riskmanagement requirements. Future Focus. While much of our recent focus has been on GlobalOne, we are now able to shift greater attention to other areas. Our operating income margin improved by 0.4 percentage point over fiscal 2006, but at 2.8

Our strategy is to continue expanding worldwide, satisfying demand for our quality products and services where faster growth is occurring. This is a high priority within all of our commercial units, and every day we are growing our presence in foreign markets.

percent, it was still quite unsatisfactory. Our long-term objective is for our businesses, excluding Distribution, to earn operating income averaging 8 percent of sales and operating revenues over the business cycle. As a highvolume, low-margin business, Distribution's long-term target is 2 percent to 4 percent. Our return on investment was 8 percent, below our target level of 10 percent to 12 percent for this metric. We are working to improve both of these measures, and GlobalOne should prove to be a valuable tool in helping us do so. Cash flow from continuing operations improved from $148 million in fiscal 2006 to $198 million for fiscal 2007; however, this is still below our aspirations. Generating sustainable cash flow over an economic cycle is a critical measure of our value, and we are placing substantial attention on this metric in fiscal 2008. Cash generation is a goal we not only have set for management, but have also tied directly and significantly to management compensation. My expectation is that through this emphasis, we will ultimately focus our company on generating significant positive cash flow. Growth for chemical companies has always been linked with manufacturing, and the industrial growth expected to be generated in Eastern Europe, Brazil, India and China will continue to reshape Ashland. We continue to place key management in expanding markets to facilitate organic growth by localizing and executing our global business strategies. We have announced nearly $80 million in expansion projects for our operations in China, including a new commercial and technology headquarters in Shanghai and our fifth manufacturing facility in the country. Our growth has been significant in both Europe and Asia, and we are committed to having the resources to build our business there.

We continue to strive for both organic growth and growth through acquisitions, reviewing our options ­ particularly focusing on our water and resins platforms ­ and remaining patient. If potential opportunities that fit our strategies and skill sets become available, we are well-positioned to take advantage of them. Recognizing Achievement. Time and again, our employees have been asked to meet extraordinary demands, and I am grateful for their efforts. We are now moving toward completion of the foundational work that will create a stronger, better Ashland. In the years to come, the work we are undertaking now should create value for our shareholders and customers, opportunity for our employees and vitality for the communities in which we operate. There is much to look forward to on our journey as Ashland transforms and grows as a global, diversified chemical company.   Best regards, 5

   

James J. O'Brien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer November 20, 2007

