                                         To our stockholders, employees and customers:
  During 2002, we experienced some of the most challenging and uncertain economic and financial conditions in recent history. American manufacturing and capital goods markets were weak as were most of the world’s other important economies. As a result, consumption of stainless steel flat-rolled commodity products remained at low levels and recent industry capacity additions for these products still had not been absorbed by the normal 4 percent to 6 percent annual cyclical growth patterns. Our largest end market, commercial aerospace, was jolted by the events of 9/11, and weak market conditions have continued. In addition, the turmoil in financial markets severely reduced the availability of credit liquidity in the world economy.
Because of the tough operating climate that existed when 2002 began, we focused on cash generation and cost reductions. These efforts covered every aspect of our business and were quite successful. We generated $204 million of cash flow from operations which we used to reduce debt by $86 million, pay
$53 million in dividends and spend $49 million on capital assets, while increasing cash balances by $26 million to end 2002 at $59 million on hand. We reduced managed working capital by $146 million and cost savings, before the effects of inflation, reached $135 million. Both of these measures were at the highest levels in the history of our Company. Our management and employees deserve a lot of credit for aggressively managing these controllable aspects of our business.
Importantly, we have maintained a prudent level of liquidity. We have no borrowings outstanding under our $250 million unsecured bank credit facility and no maturities due until 2011 on nearly 90 percent of our $519 million of debt.
The decline in the equity markets over the past three years has had a significant impact on ATI. In 2002, our accumulated benefit obligation exceeded pension plan investments for the first time since the combination of Allegheny Ludlum Corporation and Teledyne, Inc. in 1996. As a result, in the 2002 fourth quarter, we recorded a
 ATI   Annual Report 2002 1
    
                                          2002
  charge against stockholders’ equity of $406 million. This charge did not affect earnings and does not have a cash impact. The decline in the equity markets also resulted in a significant increase in retirement benefit expense, which was $21.8 million, pre-tax, in 2002 compared to pre-tax income of $53.1 million in 2001. In 2003, we expect retirement benefit expense to increase to approximately $140 million, although approximately $110 million of this expense will be non-cash.
Given the continuing near-term uncertainties facing many of our markets, the Board of Directors decided it would be prudent to lower the cash dividend in the fourth quarter of 2002. The previous $0.20 quarterly rate, in effect since the fourth quarter of 1999, was reset to $0.06 in order to conserve cash.
Our strong emphasis on safety continued in 2002. Compared to 2001, the Company’s OSHA Recordable Incident Rate improved by 16 percent and the Lost Workday Incident Rate improved by 14 percent. Over the last three years, both of these measures of safe operations have improved by nearly 50 percent. Safety will continue to be our number one operating priority as we pursue our goal of zero injuries.
2003 and Beyond
Our operating plan for 2003 is to continue to focus on reducing costs, conserving cash and preserving liquidity, and enhancing our competitive position. This strategy will serve us well when the economy begins to improve. Last year we reduced costs by $135 million, before the effects of inflation, and have a detailed program for at least $90 million in further cost reductions in 2003. ATI has a long and consistent track record of achieving our cost reduction targets. We understand the need to continually improve productivity across our Company. Since 2000, our workforce has been reduced by 1,750 employees, or 15 percent.
We have made significant gains with important customers, which should improve our position in key markets going into 2003. In Flat-Rolled Products, we improved our 2003 position with our major distributors of commodity stainless steel products in large part due to our superior reputation for quality and delivery reliability and cost competitiveness. In addition, we were awarded a new long-term agreement (LTA) with a manufacturer of electrical transformers representing potentially 30,000 new tons annually of silicon electrical steel shipments. In the High Performance Metals segment, we finalized a significant LTA with our largest customer in that segment and achieved gains at other customers for our premium nickel-based alloys, superalloys and titanium alloys products.
2   Annual Report 2002   ATI
    
                                         Corporate Governance — Some Facts About our Board of Directors
• There has never been a waiver of ATI’s ethics policy for any director or executive officer.
• At least ten of thirteen directors are independent.
• All members of the Audit, Governance and Personnel & Compensation Committees are independent.
• The Board of Directors is directly responsible for hiring ATI’s independent public accountants.
• ATI’s Board and its Audit and Personnel & Compensation Committees have the right to retain financial, legal or other outside advisors.
• The non-management directors of the Board regularly meet without the CEO present.
• Eight ATI directors had perfect attendance at Board meetings, and overall, directors attended 96 percent of the meetings in 2002.
• The position of Chairman of the Board is separate from the position of CEO and President.
• The CEO is the only current ATI employee on the Board.
We remain optimistic about the long-term prospects for this Company. The weak conditions in many of our markets should eventually move in the right direction. That’s why we have strengthened our traditional customer relationships and enhanced our marketing efforts under Coordinated Business Development. These efforts began to pay off in 2002. We received a large order for specialized titanium products for an international mining project and received our initial qualifying orders for critical flat-rolled materials to be used by the developing domestic market for spent nuclear fuel storage. These successes demonstrate that by leveraging our diverse and unique specialty materials and manufacturing capabilities, we provide our customers a single material source with consistently superior technical and service support.
Another success story is the further progress made by Operational Excellence, our comprehensive continuous improvement program based on lean manufacturing principles that enables us to further improve safety, reduce costs, shorten lead times, reduce inventories and improve customer satisfaction. In 2002, we received the highest customer satisfaction ratings from many of our major customers.
International growth is increasingly important since nearly 25 percent of our revenues represent sales of products that are either manufactured overseas or exported to overseas markets. For instance, STAL, our Precision Rolled Strip® joint venture in China, is benefiting from the tremendous growth in manufacturing in that part of the world. Allvac Ltd, located in the U.K., and our sales and distribution operations for high-value products, including Titanium International, Allegheny Rodney Strip, and our international sales office network headquartered in Japan provide extensive opportunities for continued growth in Europe and Asia.
Capital Investments
ATI is investing for the future. We selectively choose new capital investments that save money, improve cycle time and reduce cash invested in working capital. Two such strategic capital investments are in progress. We are completing the upgrade to our continuous rolling mill for nickel, titanium and specialty steel long products in Richburg, SC, which is the largest such mill in the world. This project provides us with enhanced capabilities and efficiencies consistent with our objectives to reduce costs and grow our diverse High Performance Metals segment businesses. Our mutual conversion agreements at the Richburg facility with AvestaPolarit’s U.S. stainless steel subsidiary make this project all the more promising. We are also working on the new $35 million electric arc furnace project at Brackenridge, PA. Our engineers developed this innovative solution
ATI   Annual Report 2002   3
   
                                            designed to greatly improve melt shop productivity and efficiency. Cost savings are expected to be over $20 million annually after the project is completed in 2004.
In Summary
We believe ATI’s long term fundamentals are strong. Our competitive strengths, including our industry leading reputation for quality, customer service, delivery reliability and technical skills, should be a growing plus as we continue to capitalize on our unique multi-materials capabilities. Our employees worldwide are working with dedication during these difficult times, while building on our capabilities to capitalize on better times in the future.
We have demonstrated our commitment and resolve to reduce costs and generate cash in challenging environments and have aggressive goals focused on improving operating income, especially in our Flat Rolled Products segment. We recognize the challenge presented by our legacy pension and retiree healthcare costs, and we are committed to implementing actions to reduce these expenses.
ATI has earned leading positions in multiple diversified markets by teaming with customers to meet their specialty materials needs. We are determined to make further progress in building a promising future for our investors, customers, vendors and employees.
In our opinion, our stock price at this time does not reflect the underlying value and potential of ATI. We believe the current weak conditions in many of our markets will improve and we intend to continue to enhance the performance of our business to demonstrate ATI’s underlying strengths. As our markets improve and we perform, we are confident that we can realize our goal of creating value for our shareholders. This goal goes hand-in-hand with our commitment to integrity in how we conduct our business and how we report our financial results.
We believe in the future of this Company. Sincerely,
Bob Bozzone Jim Murdy
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
  March 2003
4   Annual Report 2002   ATI
 