 Richard J. Harshman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Summary of 2013 Financial Results
Our financial results in 2013 reflected challenging business conditions resulting from a number of unusual issues
including continuing global economic and fiscal policy uncertainties, inventory reduction in the jet engine aftermarket, schedule push outs and inventory management actions by jet engine OEMs, tepid demand from large megaprojects
in the oil & gas/chemical process industry market, low base-selling prices for many of our products, and falling raw materials prices, particularly for nickel and titanium.
As a result, ATI’s sales from continuing operations in 2013 were $4.0 billion, 13% lower than 2012. Our key global markets of aerospace and defense, oil & gas/ chemical process industry, electrical energy, and medical represented 68% of ATI sales in 2013. Sales to the aerospace and defense market were $1.4 billion, or approximately 35% of total sales; sales to the oil & gas/chemical process industry were $707 million, or 17% of total sales; sales to the electrical energy market were $459 million, or 11% of total sales; and sales to the medical market were nearly $208 million, or 5% of total sales.
Net income attributable to ATI was $154.0 million, or $1.44 per share, in
2013, which included a $428 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the tungsten materials business. We reported a loss from continuing operations attributable to ATI of $98.8 million, or $(0.93) per share in 2013, which included a $67.5 million pre-tax restructuring charge. This restructuring charge included $59.3 million of long- lived asset impairment charges and costs associated with facility closures.
Our strategic investments in manufacturing capabilities and process technologies enabled the closure of older, higher cost operations, and the streamlining of our manufacturing processes by reducing our manufacturing footprint. These new capabilities, combined with our drive to continuously improve our cost structure, resulted
in our decision to permanently close our idled Albany, OR titanium sponge facility. This decision was possible due to the continued operating efficiency improvements at our new Rowley, UT titanium sponge facility. In addition,
the sustainable operating efficiency improvements achieved in our major
Relentless
Innovation Drives Sustainable Profitable Growth
TM
  2 ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

flat-rolled finishing operations, combined with our drive to reduce costs and improve manufacturing cycle times, resulted in our decision to permanently close two of our older stainless finishing facilities located in New Castle, IN and Wallingford, CT.
Our financial position and liquidity remained solid. ATI finished 2013 with over $1 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $1.4 billion of available liquidity, including our undrawn unsecured senior credit facility. We sold our non- core tungsten materials business for approximately $605 million in cash, and proactively issued $500 million of 5.875%, ten-year senior notes to provide financial flexibility as we complete, commission, and qualify our strategic capital projects and address short-term debt maturities. We realized significant cash generation in 2013, despite a decline in profitability, with cash flow from operations of $368 million, including a reduction of $242 million in managed working capital in response
to business conditions and our efforts to improve inventory turns and working capital efficiencies.
We utilized our cash in 2013 to invest $613 million in capital expenditures, primarily for the Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF) project, and return $77 million to our stockholders as dividends. Our net debt to capital ratio improved to 24.1% at the end of 2013.
Our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan was approximately 88% funded at the end of 2013, as measured for financial reporting, and there are no required contributions to this plan in 2014.
As we begin 2014, while challenging conditions remain, many global economies appear to be moderately improving, although at lower rates of growth than past recoveries. We will remain focused on actions to enhance ATI’s competitive position, improve the cost structure of our business, and position our businesses for success as market conditions improve.
2013 Accomplishments
We were not satisfied with the financial performance of our businesses in 2013. Being unprofitable will never be accepted. Throughout 2013, we focused on improving our market position and completing our strategic investments to ensure that ATI remains well-positioned as global and economic conditions improve. These actions are aimed at improving
our future performance and positioning ATI to benefit from long-term growth opportunities in key global end markets, and improving conditions in the more GDP sensitive short-cycle markets.
Our accomplishments during 2013 from these important efforts included:
• Continued focus on the unique diversified technologies, alloy systems and product forms of ATI
to grow our global market presence. Direct international sales increased to 39% of our 2013 total sales. In addition, we believe over 50% of ATI’s 2013 sales were driven by demand from non-U.S. global markets, when we consider exports by our U.S.-based customers.
• We further improved our position
in the key end markets of aerospace, oil & gas/chemical process industry, electrical energy, medical, and automotive through strategic
and long-term agreements (LTAs) with both existing and new customers. During 2013, we completed more than 20 new or revised LTAs representing in excess of $3 billion of total revenue potential over the terms of the agreements. The largest LTA was the extension of our long-term supply agreement
with The Boeing Company, announced in October. This extension agreement covers value- added titanium mill products and provides the opportunity for greater use of ATI’s next generation and advanced titanium alloys.
• Our never-ending focus on improving the safety of our operations continued across all of ATI’s operations. In 2013, our OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate and our Lost Time Case Rate improved to 2.14 and 0.40, respectively.
• We achieved gross cost reductions of $141 million across ATI, which exceeded our initial target of
$100 million.
• We continued to drive lean manufacturing throughout our operations.
Focused on Our Vision and Strategy
This coming year – 2014 – promises to be one of significant far-reaching change for ATI as we focus on returning ATI to the
path of sustainable, profitable growth, and we continue our journey to create an integrated and aligned ATI.
Our vision is: Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials CompanyTM. Easy
to state, challenging to achieve. This vision is and must be the focus of every ATI employee. Our vision recognizes
that the job of building, or being, the
best is never completed. Our customers continue to demand and expect greater value at a lower price. Our competitors continue to get better. New competitors emerge. Existing technologies evolve
and new technologies emerge. In order
to be successful in this environment, we must embrace change. We must be the best at listening to our customers. We must anticipate change and use it to our advantage, not react to it, but think ahead, connect all the dots that exist in running
a business that is focused on demanding competitive global markets.
We achieve this is by being relentless, by being innovative, and by embracing change. Status quo loses. Relentless Innovation wins. In other words, Relentless Innovation drives our strategies that are designed to generate sustainable long- term growth through the business cycles of our end markets.
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013 3

When we are successful in achieving this, we create long-term value for ATI’s stockholders.
To achieve our vision we are focused on five strategic principles:
1. Be the best at creating value for our customers;
2. Achieve compound annual growth through business cycles in diversified global markets;
3. Leverage our technology and manufacturing leadership and capabilities;
4. Continuously improve all aspects of our business with focus on safety, quality, cost, and sustainability;
5. Attract, develop, challenge, and create opportunities for talented and diverse people who share a commitment to ATI’s Core Values.
At the core of each of these five strategic principles are: market/customer focus, technology, manufacturing capabilities, and talented people. For many years, these areas have been the focus of
ATI has the technology, manufacturing capabilities, and talented people to develop and produce a wide variety of alloy systems, including nickel-based alloys and superalloys, titanium and titanium alloys, specialty and differentiated stainless alloys, zirconium and niobium alloys, titanium aluminides, and powder alloys. Many of these alloy systems can be used to produce a wide variety of product forms including, billet, bar, rod, wire, plate, sheet, engineered strip, Precision Rolled Strip, powder near-net and net shapes, forged and machined parts and components, and titanium investment cast parts. The breadth and diversification of ATI’s capabilities are unique and present significant growth opportunities in key global markets.
“Be the best
at creating
value
for our
customers”
In February 2014, we further enhanced our capabilities with the acquisition of Dynamic Flowform Corp., now named ATI Flowform Products. Flowforming produces near-net shapes and finished parts in short cycle times with minimum scrap generation. We are now a technology leader in the manufacture
of unique flowform parts and components using the alloy systems that are core competencies of ATI. Our flowforming capabilities can be an alternative
to forging, extruding, pilgering, and machining. For aerospace, flowforming reduces the buy-to-fly ratio. For oil and gas applications, it can provide a higher quality, longer-lived part. We believe ATI Flowform Products provides us with many new opportunities for growth, especially in the aerospace, and oil & gas/chemical process industry markets.
ATI is a technology leader in the
alloy systems and products that we manufacture. Technology leadership is
an important part of our value proposition to our strategic customers. We have invented and introduced new alloys
and products that provide the enabling technology to meet the increasingly difficult demands from markets including the aerospace, oil & gas, and medical markets. Most often, to produce these
new alloys and products requires our unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities, which are the result of our strategic investments and acquisitions since 2004.
The flexibility of our manufacturing assets and the ability to manufacture most product forms from mill products and powder alloys, through machined forged parts, titanium investment castings, and now flowform products is a unique value proposition that can be provided by few other companies in the world.
Product development and the introduction of new alloys or products for critical applications takes time in several
of our markets, especially aerospace.
We have made significant progress over the last several years in qualifying new products and we expect to see significant growth over the next 2 to 5 years from many of our innovations. ATI 718Plus® nickel-based superalloy, Rene 65 near- powder superalloy, and our powder alloys have won significant share in the current and next-generation jet engines. For airframe applications, ATI425® alloy is
now in design manuals. For the oil & gas market, ATI2003®lean duplex alloy and our newly introduced ATI2102® lean duplex alloy are being used for offshore platforms and subsea flexible flowlines. Our recently acquired ATI Flowform Products precision near-net shape tubular products across multiple alloy systems are being used in downhole oil and gas applications, and several of our aerospace customers are very interested in the value proposition offered by flowform parts.
ATI’s business, product development, investment strategies.
Market/Customer Focus, Technology Leadership, and Unsurpassed Manufacturing Capabilities
and
An important part of ATI’s strategy is to focus on diversified high-value global markets with significant technological barriers to entry. These markets require demanding attention to quality due to the nature of the applications of our products. Markets, such as aerospace and defense, oil & gas/chemical process industry, electrical energy, and medical, require the highest quality of products. Our approach is to work with existing, new, and potential customers in these key markets and develop a deep understanding of their current and future needs. These needs generally require multiple solutions, including different alloy systems and different product forms.
  4 ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Peak Capital Expenditures in 2013 Long-Term Growth Capital Expenditures 2004 - 2013
Capital expenditures in 2013 were nearly $613 million, which is the peak of our extraordinary capital expenditure cycle that
began in 2004. Since the beginning of this cycle we have transformed ATI by investing $4.3 billion in capital expenditures and acquisitions. Nearly all of these investments have been in the United States. Approximately 75% have been self-funded.
We believe in U.S. manufacturing and we understand that the ability to manufacture specialty materials is a critical and core competency of the United States.
Through strategic capital investments and acquisitions we have significantly expanded our manufacturing capabilities to meet current and expected demand growth from the aerospace (engine and airframe) and defense, oil & gas/chemical process industry, electrical energy, and medical markets, especially for titanium and titanium-based alloys, nickel- based alloys and superalloys, specialty alloys, powder alloys, zirconium and related alloys, forged parts and titanium investment cast parts.
In October 2013, we began the premium- quality (PQ) qualification program at our Rowley, UT titanium sponge production facility. In 2013, we continued to achieve improvement in key operational areas
at Rowley, such as productivity and yield. Completion of the PQ qualification program, which is expected to continue through 2015, is an important step in fulfilling the strategic vision and purpose of this approximately $500 million capital investment: to provide a secure, domestic supply source of PQ titanium sponge for use in jet engine rotating parts.
Our HRPF was placed into service at the end of 2013. Cold-commissioning has begun, and hot-commissioning is expected to be substantially completed by the end of the third quarter 2014.
In Millions $600
Capital Expenditures
   $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
               2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014P
ATI
Rowley
HRPF Depreciation
Long-Term Secular Growth Opportunities
Our strategy is to transform ATI into a great company by being the best at creating value for strategic customers
and achieving compound annual growth through business cycles in diversified global markets. The objective of our strategy is to better position ATI for long- term profitable growth and to enhance the opportunities to create value for our stockholders across business cycles. Given the inherent cyclicality of our end markets, we recognize that this vision is challenging.
Our goal is not just to grow the top line. We must improve the bottom line and efficiently use our capital to create value for our stockholders. So, we must earn a premium to our weighted average cost of capital. For ATI today, our weighted average cost of capital is about 10%.
Our target after-tax return on capital employed is a minimum of 15% through
a cycle. Because our end markets are cyclical, we may not earn 15% every year, some years it should be more, some years it may be less, but through a cycle, trough to peak, our goal is a minimum of 15% after-tax return on capital employed. Given the nature of the end markets
that we serve, we believe the cycle is approximately five to six years.
    This capital project, which is on schedule and on budget at $1.2 billion excluding capitalized interest, is designed to produce thinner and wider hot-rolled coils of exceptional quality at reduced cost with shorter lead times and manufacturing cycle times, and therefore, lower working capital requirements. The HRPF is designed to provide unsurpassed manufacturing capability and versatility in the production of a wide range of flat- rolled specialty metals, including ATI’s diversified product mix of nickel-based and specialty alloys, titanium and titanium alloys, zirconium alloys, Precision Rolled Strip and engineered strip products, and stainless sheet and coiled plate products. The HRPF is also designed to handle high-strength carbon steel alloys.
With the entry into service of our HRPF, we are near the end of this extraordinary capital expenditure cycle. We now turn to execution. We must commission all of our flat-rolled products on the HRPF during 2014 and complete the PQ qualification program of our new titanium sponge facility in 2015.
Because our manufacturing assets are modern, we expect significantly reduced capital spending over the next several years, beginning in 2014.
   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013 5

  Pat DeCourcy
To compete effectively in global markets primarily as a U.S.-based manufacturer, ATI must have the most advanced specialty metals technologies, offer innovative products that create value for our customers, utilize unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities, and maintain a competitive cost structure.
Our manufacturing capabilities are unmatched. They are modern and unique in the world. None are better, I can say that, and in many cases, we are the best. An aligned and integrated ATI must leverage our technology, manufacturing leadership and capabilities, and commercial strategies to drive long-term profitable growth through a cycle and create long- term value for ATI’s stockholders.
We believe the market cycles for which we have been preparing for the last several years, or since the 2008-
Kevin Kramer
2009 global recession, are about to enter a long-term secular growth cycle that could be unprecedented in many of our key markets. Aerospace backlogs are at a record level and build rates are increasing. There are now over 20,000 large commercial jet engines in the OEM backlog, which is a new record for the industry. Global oil and gas exploration and production forecasts project spending to remain strong. Many forecasters believe a new growth cycle is about to begin in the chemical process industry market as a result of abundant and low-cost natural gas. Growth in the electrical energy market remains uncertain due to lackluster GDP growth and regulatory uncertainty. We expect moderate growth for our products from the medical market.
Today, our ability to manufacture industry-leading mill products, near-net
shapes, parts, and components from our industry-leading range of alloy systems positions ATI with a unique supply chain that can provide value to our customers and create value for our shareholders.
We are near the end of a multi-year, and multi-phase investment program designed to enhance and expand our capabilities to produce premium specialty metals products, including our titanium sponge production capability, premium- titanium alloy melt and remelt capability, nickel-based alloy and superalloy melt and remelt capability, titanium and specialty alloy plate capability, premium- titanium and nickel-based superalloy forging capability, and provide ATI with an integrated supply chain to produce high-performance forgings, castings, parts, and components. In addition, we have invested to enhance our capabilities
by building world-leading flat-rolled products assets.
We believe these investments strengthen and enhance ATI’s leadership position in the production of advanced specialty materials products. An advantage of ATI is our multi-materials capabilities and our ability to provide our customers with the optimum solution to meet the needs of their corrosion-resistance, high- strength, and high-heat requirements. With unmatched products and technologies, we now offer customers an integrated, seamless, stable, high quality, and sustainable supply chain.
New Members of Our Executive Council
In December 2013, Pat DeCourcy was named Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Pat served as Interim Chief Financial Officer since
July 2013. Pat has 23 years of service with ATI. He has financial leadership experience in both our High Performance Materials and Components and Flat Rolled Products segments. He also provided assistance with the business integration of our Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility and worked on the integration of ATI Forged Products after our 2011 acquisition of Ladish Co.
  6 ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

The only way we are going to be the best at creating customer value is by creating ATI commercial strategies that are integrated and aligned throughout all of ATI’s business units.
On January 28, 2014, we announced a keystone action for this effort when we named Kevin Kramer ATI’s Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial and Marketing Officer (CCMO). As ATI’s CCMO, Kevin is responsible for working with ATI’s business unit leaders and their commercial leaders to build on the full power and capabilities of ATI’s integrated and aligned commercial and marketing resources.
Kevin has many years of experience with large global companies. He is also a member of the Leadership Council of the Eco Forum, a by-invitation membership organization comprised of large, global companies that demonstrate a serious commitment at the senior executive level to the environment as a business strategy issue.
I believe ATI is unmatched in the specialty metals/materials industry when it comes to technology and new product development. We have an excellent record when it comes to quality and delivery performance. And we are unsurpassed when it comes
to manufacturing capabilities. Now, we are moving to create a unified and significantly more powerful value proposition to present to our customers.
Pat and Kevin join me on our Executive Council, which also includes: Hunter Dalton, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Specialty Materials Group; Elliot Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary; Terry Dunlap, Executive Vice President, ATI Flat Rolled Products Group; Carl Moulton, Senior Vice President, International; and John Sims, Executive Vice President, ATI High Performance Components Group.
Diane Creel
Board Members Honored
Iam proud to note that two members of ATI’s Board of Directors were recognized as exemplary directors who actively pursue best practices
inside their boardrooms. ATI Lead Independent Director Diane Creel and ATI Director Carolyn Corvi were named to the 2013 NACD (National Association of Corporate Directors) list of the most influential people in the boardroom and corporate governance.
The NACD announcement stated, “NACD recognizes the 50 most influential directors who, through their actions, deeds, and words, advance the cause of exemplary board performance. These attributes include board leadership, a sound ethical compass, involvement in
Carolyn Corvi
board-related issues and activities outside of the boards on which they serve, and press and media citations.”
Also, long-time ATI Director, Mike Joyce, plans to retire from our Board of Directors at our Annual Meeting in May 2014. Mike joined the ATI Board in September 2004, at which time he was appointed to the Audit Committee. He is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Finance Committee.
Mike has provided our Board and me with important advice and counsel over the years. On behalf of our Board of Directors and the ATI management team, I want to thank Mike for his contributions and service and wish him and his wife, Jean, all the best in the future.
   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013   7

ATI’s Shared Core Values
While we believe that change is constant, one thing will not change. As we move our Company forward – Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials CompanyTM – our journey is guided by a shared commitment to ATI’s Core Values.
Our Core Values and the ATI Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics embody our commitment to comply with the law and to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in everything we do.
• Integrity as the Cornerstone of our business. To that end, we must be honest and forthright in everything we do.
• We expect everyone to be treated with dignity and respect and we embrace the values of cooperation, diversity, and teamwork.
• ATI is committed to more than just adherence to laws and regulations. Our commitment is to reflect the highest level of integrity and
ethics in our dealings with each other, our customers, our suppliers, our stockholders, the public, and
the government agencies with whom we engage.
• Personal accountability for outcomes ensures the long-term success of ATI.
• Safety, Health and Environmental Compliance are the prerequisites to all operations, and our goal is to finish each day incident- and injury-free.
• Product Quality and Excellence is demonstrated in everything we do.
• Technology, Creativity, Learning, and Freedom of people to reach their individual potential is
ATI’s culture.
Our commitment to Do What’s Right® continues to guide us throughout our global operations and business activities.
I want to personally thank our stockholders, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate our businesses for their continued support of ATI.
I also express my appreciation to our Board of Directors for their advice, counsel, commitment and continued support of our efforts to create long- term sustainable value for our customers and stockholders.
Richard J. Harshman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   8 ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
