                                          Message from the Chairman, President and Chief Executive officer
  Three years ago I wrote my first letter to you. At that time,
I presented a vision and strategic direction for ATI and described what we intended to do to achieve our goals.
I am pleased to report that we have accomplished that phase of our strategic plan and are building the foundation for further profitable growth. We continue to make progress toward Building the World’s Best Specialty Metals Company. There is more to come.
Highlighting our financial performance in 2006, sales reached an all-time high of over $4.9 billion, an improvement of 40% compared to 2005; segment operating profit exceeded
$1 billion for the first time in ATI’s history; and earnings per share was a record $5.59.
You, our stockholder, benefited. In 2006, a share of ATI stock rose $54.60, or 151%, which made ATI the best percentage gainer in the S&P 500. In addition, our Board of Directors increased your dividend by 30% in 2006. ATI’s dividend was increased in each of the past two years for a total increase of over 100%.
2006 was a great year full of successes and milestones. We are not complacent and are looking ahead, believing we are still in the early stages of growth. We remain focused on our strategic investments, while simultaneously improving
  ATI Strategic Goals 2004 – 2006
Transition and Transform
2004 Accomplished
Accelerating Profitability
2005 Accomplished
Profitable Growth
2006 Accomplished
Building the World’s Best Specialty Metals Company TM
productivity and opera- tional execution across the Company, and establishing solid positions in key global markets.
ATI’s growth is being driven by strong demand from the aerospace and defense market, which is being accentuated for us by the quantum leap in titanium alloys used in the next-generation commer- cial aircraft. In addition, our specialty metals are vital to the building and rebuilding of the global infrastructure for
markets such as chemical process, oil and gas, and electrical energy.
Pat Hassey
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
The beginning of what we believe to be an unprecedented aerospace growth cycle is “taking off” for ATI. In 2005, we recognized that to stay in front of this aerospace growth cycle and to expand our industry-leading position, we needed to become a fully integrated titanium mill products producer. We began important strategic capital investments to produce titanium sponge, the critical raw material needed to produce our titanium mill products, and to increase our premium titanium melting capacity that is necessary to meet our customers’ increasing demands.
So far, we have announced investments in our future totaling approximately $925 million. These investments increase our capability and capacity to produce the premium titanium alloys and nickel-based superalloys required for aerospace jet engine and airframe applications. In addition, these invest- ments provide capabilities to ATI to further grow in the global chemical process, oil and gas, electrical energy and medical markets. (See Investing for Our Future chart on page 6-7.) These strategic investments further strengthen ATI’s leader- ship position in the production of technically demanding
  4
A L L E G H E N Y T E C H N O L O G I E S A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 6
   
                                          specialty metals. The investments enhance our ability to meet our customers’ current and future technical requirements.
Due in part to these strategic capital investments, in late 2006 and early 2007 we announced the two largest long- term agreements (LTAs) in the history of ATI. In October 2006, we signed a titanium mill products supply agreement with The Boeing Company, valued at approximately
$2.5 billion over nine years. Under this LTA, we provide titanium mill products for the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner and other Boeing aircraft. In January 2007, we announced an LTA with GE Aviation valued at approximately $2 billion over 5 years. This sourcing agreement calls for the supply of our premium titanium alloys, nickel-based superalloys, and specialty alloys used for commercial and military jet engines.
While ATI has been a preferred supplier to GE Aviation for many years, The Boeing Company agreement is our first LTA with that company. We value our
partnering relationships with GE
Aviation and The Boeing Company and expect to continue to grow with these leading companies in the future.
The specialty metals we make are necessary for infrastructure projects that must be built in developing countries as well as for the rebuilding of the infrastructure in developed countries like the U.S. and throughout Europe. For example, ATI is a leading supplier to the electrical energy market. Our products are essential for constructing and upgrading electrical distri- bution grids. ATI is also a leading supplier of specialty metals vital to electrical generation power plants. Whether electricity is generated from coal, natural gas, nuclear, or wind, ATI’s products are likely being used. ATI is also positioned to benefit from sustained growth in the oil and gas market, including the production of alternative sources of energy, such as ethanol and other biofuels.
Growing our business internationally is critical to our future.
I am pleased to report that ATI has made significant progress in this area. Sales outside the U.S. reached over $1 billion, or 24% of sales, in 2006. To provide greater focus and to grow
  LTAs account for a significant part of
our sales. They are structured to
address changes in material, manu-
facturing, and energy costs based on
market conditions, and provide a
baseline volume. This baseline is
critical to establishing standardized
processes, securing necessary
capital, negotiating purchasing
agreements with our vendors, and
planning manufacturing resources.
Most importantly, LTAs offer an
excellent foundation for sustained
growth, while developing deeper relationships with our customers.
This is an extraordinary time to be in the specialty metals business. To me, this is a renaissance period for specialty metals unlike any period that I have been through in my 38-year career in the metals business. I expect demand to be strong for a long time. Life styles in many countries are improving as people in the developing countries want to move into a middle-class status. They are driving the global economic growth that is demanding more and more of the types of specialty metals made by ATI.
Executive Committee (Seated l to r) Rich Harshman, Tom Williams, Lynn Davis, Doug Kittenbrink. (Standing l to r) Jack Shilling, Terry Dunlap, Jon Walton, Pat Hassey, Dave Hogan. (see page 99 for titles)
sales, we reorganized our European efforts and created ATI Europe and ATI Europe Distribution in 2006. These units are unique in their marketplace since they can sell any of ATI’s broad range of specialty metals. Our employees speak the local language and know the local markets and cultures.
We are also focused on growing sales in Asia. Our sales and distribution organization in that area of the world provides ATI access to rapidly growing infrastructure markets. In addition, we announced the expansion of our STAL Precision Rolled Strip® products joint venture in Shanghai, China.
ATI is a leading producer of these thin and highly engineered specialty metals used in the electronics, communications, and consumer durable markets in Asia.
   ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES ANNUAL REPORT 2006
5
 
                                         Looking at our segments:
The High Performance Metals segment is our fastest growing segment with the most potential for further profitable growth. ATI Allvac is recognized as a premiere supplier to aerospace customers across industry cycles. We have consis- tently invested in this business, even during downturns. We are investing now and creating a broader platform for sustained profitable growth. ATI Wah Chang is a pioneer in the specialty metals necessary for the nuclear electrical power generation industry, and we are investing in preparation for the expected revival of this market. ATI Wah Chang also provides exotic alloys and titanium alloys to the chemical process, aerospace, and medical markets.
These businesses produce products at the high end of the specialty metals range. Shared technology within ATI is essen- tial to our success. For example, ATI Wah Chang has been producing zirconium sponge from sand for over 50 years. So, when we decided to restart and expand our titanium sponge capabilities, ATI Wah Chang scientists and engineers were called upon to bring those facilities on line.
Our Flat-Rolled Products segment is benefiting from the transformation of that business which began in 2004. Since then, productivity has improved by over 40%. This is not the stainless business that ATI Allegheny Ludlum used to be. Rather, it is a leading supplier of specialty metals to global markets. We aim to demonstrate that this segment can generate excellent returns during good times and good returns during market downturns in its short-cycle product lines.
In the Flat-Rolled Products segment, we are picking and choosing markets and products that have acceptable returns and spreading our cyclical risk to a broader base of
customers around the world. We have organized to create a competitive cost structure in our commodity stainless sheet business, and in our high-value specialty and titanium sheet, specialty plate, grain-oriented silicon electrical steel, and Precision Rolled Strip businesses.
Frankly, our smallest segment, Engineered Products, can do even better than its 2006 results demonstrate. In particular, we are taking steps to improve our tungsten cutting tools business, the segment’s largest business unit. Our tungsten business is now fully integrated back to the raw material ammonium paratungstate (APT). This provides a reliable and stable lower-cost starting material. In addition, through shared technology with other ATI companies, the cutting tools business is beginning to be recognized as a leading supplier by those who machine titanium and other difficult-to- machine specialty metals. For example, one of our new cutting tool systems improved the titanium machining time for an aerospace customer by over 20%.
Last year, I introduced to you how we define the guiding principles of Building the World’s Best Specialty Metals Company. These principles drive our strategy. It starts with Value-Based Leadership. Value-Based Leaders are the true difference in companies that move people to new levels of achievement and success. I look for the leaders within ATI to move this company forward by demonstrating these key attributes as individuals:
• Integrity as the Cornerstone of Leadership...being honest and forthright in everything. Empowering people to trust, communicate, and take action within established boundaries.
 Investing for our Future: $925 Million of strategic
2006
2007
      VAR/ESR
PAM III
Albany, OR
8 million lbs capacity titanium sponge
Nickel-based Alloy
20% melt capacity expansion
Albany, OR
8 million lbs additional titanium sponge capacity (16 million lbs total)
   6
A L L E G H E N Y T E C H N O L O G I E S A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 0 6
 
                                         • Accountability for outcomes that ensure the long-term success of ATI.
• Safety and Health and Environmental Compliance is the prerequisite to all of our operations.
• Product Quality and Excellence is demonstrated in everything we do.
• Technology, Creativity, Learning, and Freedom of people to reach their individual potential is the culture of
the Company.
In Building the World’s Best Specialty Metals Company, we focus on markets whose prospects are largely tied to long- cycle industries that are currently in what we see as the early stages of long-term growth.
In Building the World’s Best Specialty Metals Company, we aim to do more, make our products better, and implement and execute faster through the ATI Business System (ATIBS). ATIBS drives our lean manufacturing initiatives, improves quality and yields, further reduces overhead structures and cost, and delivers excellent customer reliability and service.
We are positioned to capitalize on what we do well. Our future is being invented by the people of ATI, and our technology is the differentiator. ATI has long been a leader in specialty metals technology and our capital investments are aimed at maintaining and enhancing that leadership role.
We have a defined view of the future, and we have the financial means and people with the expertise to continue to move
ATI forward.
Jack Shilling, our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Chief Technical Officer, announced his retirement effective March 31, 2007, concluding a distin- guished 34-year career with our Company. Dr. Shilling has been a valuable member of our executive management team providing insight into specialty metals technology. He also led the expansion of our international operations in Asia and Europe. Jack is an industry advocate, serving as Chairman of the Specialty Steel Industry of North America (SSINA). We wish Jack and his wife Suzanne a wonderful, long and healthy retirement. They plan to spend more time together on the golf course and with their children and growing grandchildren. Jack will continue in a consultative role as the needs of ATI call upon his expertise.
I want to personally thank our stockholders, our Board of Directors, our employees, and the communities in which we operate our businesses for their continued support of ATI.
I look forward to 2007 being a year of rewarding progress as the extraordinary people of ATI achieve the next level of success.
Pat Hassey
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2007
  capital projects (by Planned Completion Year)
2008 2009
   Specialty Plate
Rowley, UT
24 million lbs capacity titanium sponge start up 2008
Albany, OR
4 million lbs additional titanium sponge capacity (20 million lbs total)
Forging Capacity
Press forge
     Plate finishing expansion
Rotary forge
PAM IV
 ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES ANNUAL REPORT 2006
 7
 