 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO
MANUFACTURING &TECHNOLOGY
LEADERSHIP
2015 WAS AN INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT YEAR
Slow growth in both domestic and global economies and the resulting rapid fall of prices for most commodities adversely impacted our business. Average monthly LME nickel prices declined 45 percent from December 2014 through December 2015. The base price for the most common commodity stainless sheet product decreased 25 percent to
an historic low that was reached in December 2015. ATI sales to the
Oil & Gas/Chemical & Hydrocarbon Processing Industry market, our second largest market, were down 28 percent compared to 2014 due to significant reduction in the price of both crude
oil and natural gas. Stainless steel and most commodities remain in global oversupply.
ATI sales in 2015 were $3.7 billion. Regrettably, net loss attributable to
ATI was $378 million, or $(3.53) per share. Results included $348 million
of pre-tax charges for goodwill and long-lived asset impairments in our
Flat Rolled Products segment, inventory reserves reflecting impacts of declining raw materials values, and costs of severance and facility idling actions.
We maintained a solid liquidity position with approximately $150 million in cash on hand at the end of 2015 and
implemented a $400 million asset- based domestic lending (ABL) facility, which was undrawn at year-end
2015. The ABL facility contains no leverage or interest coverage ratios and is collateralized by the accounts receivable and inventory of ATI’s domestic operations. For the fourth quarter 2015, we reduced our quarterly cash dividend to $0.08 per share from $0.18 per share in order to conserve cash. Cash generation from operations will be a key focus throughout 2016.
Capital expenditures in 2015 were
$145 million. We expect capital expenditures in 2016 of approximately $240 million as we make the final payments for our Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF), complete the expansion of our nickel-based
alloy powder facility and our titanium investment casting facility, and expand our STAL joint venture. Looking forward, we believe annual capital expenditures will be in the range of $75 million to $100 million beginning in 2017 through the end of the decade.
Our safety focus continued across all of ATI’s operations. Our 2015 OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate was 1.88 and our Lost Time Case Rate
was 0.29 per 200,000 hours worked, which we believe to be competitive with world-class performance in heavy manufacturing industries.
We continued our strategy of
focusing on key global markets that have attractive long-term growth expectations and require products that have significant technical barriers to entry. We have taken and will continue to take actions to maintain solid liquidity, improve our competitive position, and return ATI to sustainable profitability.
MULTI-YEAR STRATEGIC CAPITAL PROJECTS COMPLETED
In 2015, we completed multi-year strategic capital projects that are intended to strengthen and
enhance ATI’s leadership in the production of advanced specialty materials and components. We expect these investments to now begin to provide a return on our invested capital after extended construction and qualification phases.
• The Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility, or HRPF, is in operation. The HRPF is a critical part of our strategy to transform our flat-rolled products business.
• We achieved PQ qualification for our products used in jet engine rotating parts made with titanium sponge from our Rowley, UT facility.
 2 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15
2 ATI ANNUAL REPORT 2013 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
   
 MARKET/CUSTOMER FOCUS, TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP, AND UNSURPASSED MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES
Ibelieve ATI is unmatched in the specialty materials industry when it comes to technology and new
product development. We have an excellent record when it comes to quality and delivery performance. And we are unsurpassed when it comes to manufacturing capabilities.
ATI is a technology leader in the alloy systems and products that we produce. Technology leadership
is an important part of our value proposition to strategic customers. We have invented and introduced new alloys and products that provide the enabling technology to meet the increasingly more difficult demands of global markets including the aerospace, oil & gas, and medical markets. The production of these new alloys and products to meet the demanding customer requirements and specifications often requires
our unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities.
Today, our ability to manufacture industry-leading mill products, near-net shapes, parts, and components from our range of alloy
Capital Expenditures
(millions)
$600 $500 $400 $300 $200
$100
systems, positions ATI with a unique supply chain that can provide value
to our customers and create value for our shareholders. Our manufacturing capabilities are unmatched. They are modern and unique in the world. None are better and, in many cases, I can say that we are the best.
Nearly all of these investments
have been in the United States.
We believe in U.S. manufacturing and we understand that the ability to manufacture the specialty materials products that ATI produces is a critical and core competency of
the United States.
Our strategy is to be the best at creating value for strategic customers and achieve compound annual growth through business cycles in diversified global markets. This strategy better positions ATI for long-term profitable growth and enhances opportunities
to create value for our stockholders across business cycles.
We must improve the bottom line and efficiently use our capital. So, we must earn a premium to our weighted average cost of capital. Currently, ATI’s weighted average cost of capital is about 10 percent. Our target after-tax return on capital employed is a minimum of 15 percent
through a business cycle. Because our end markets are cyclical, we may not earn 15 percent every year-some years it should be more, some years it may be less — but through a cycle, trough to peak, our goal is a minimum of
15 percent after-tax return on capital employed. Given the nature of the end markets that we serve, we believe the business cycle is approximately five to six years.
Rich Harshman, Chairman, President and CEO
                                     $0 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016P
      ATI Rowley HRPF Depreciation
  MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15 3
  
 ATI SALES TO AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE MARKET EXPECTED
TO BE GREATER THAN 50 PERCENT OF TOTAL SALES
We believe the aerospace market cycle for which we have been preparing for the last decade is in a long-term secular growth phase that could be unprecedented. Aerospace backlogs are at a record level and build rates are increasing. At the time I wrote this letter, there were nearly 22,000 large commercial jet engines in the OEM backlog. Next-generation aircraft, such as the Boeing 787, Airbus
A350 XWB, Boeing 737MAX, and Airbus A320neo, are in production. The Boeing 777X airframe and GE 9X engine are in the design phase.
These next-generation airframes and the engines that power them use significantly more of ATI’s products. We have been awarded a number of major long-term agreements (LTAs) by our strategic customers, including the Boeing Company, Rolls-Royce, GE Aviation, Snecma (Safran), and others.
The Boeing 787 build rate stands
at 10 planes per month with a rate break to 12 per month planned for 2016. Airbus delivered 14 A350 XWB models in 2015 and is expected to deliver approximately 70 in 2016. Airbus has delivered its first A320neo aircraft, and has announced plans to ramp up the A320 family to 50 per month in 2017 from 42 per month currently. Boeing's 737MAX first flight occurred in late January. Boeing has announced plans to ramp up the 737 family to 47 per month in 2017 from 42 per month currently.
The accelerated production schedule for these new airplanes provides significant growth for ATI’s differentiated next-generation mill products, forgings, and titanium investment castings. Our sales of these products lead the delivery schedule by approximately six to twelve months. As a result of the contracts we have been awarded
and the expected record production rate ramps, we expect ATI’s sales
to the aerospace and defense market will represent greater than 50 percent of total ATI sales beginning in 2016.
WE OPERATE IN TWO BUSINESS SEGMENTS: HIGH PERFORMANCE MATERIALS & COMPONENTS (HPM&C) AND FLAT ROLLED PRODUCTS (FRP)
High Performance Materials & Components segment — Aerospace Ramp-Up is Upon Us
make — such as ATI 718Plus® alloy, Rene 65 alloy, ATI 720 alloy large billets, PAM-melted titanium alloys, powder metals, and titanium aluminides — as well as hot-die forgings, isothermal forgings, and large titanium investment castings.
We see a significant mix shift improvement in our backlog and schedules.
During the last decade, we built the differentiated and unique manufacturing capabilities and developed the technologies that enable production
of these next-generation products. For example:
• ATI is currently the only qualified Plasma Arc Melt (PAM) producer of titanium alloys used for jet engine rotating parts. PAM is often the preferred process for titanium alloys used in jet engine rotating parts as well as complex titanium alloys.
• ATI has the most powerful open-die press forge in our industry, which enables industry-leading fine-grain structure in complex nickel-based superalloy billet.
• ATI is one of only two independent and integrated qualified producers of nickel-based superalloy powders and isothermal forged parts.
NEXT GENERATION:
Differentiated Products Enabled by Technology & Capabilities
A
defense market. For commercial aerospace, our sales for jet engines were nearly twice our sales for airframes in 2015.
We expect ATI sales to grow faster than the aerospace market because of new alloys that we have developed and significant growth in jet engine forgings and castings that are new to ATI. For legacy engines, our products include such well-known alloys as
ATI 718 nickel-based alloy and ATI 6-4 titanium alloy. For next-generation engines, our differentiated products include proprietary and unique alloys, and products that few others can
Commercial Aircraft Build Rates
(Legacy & Next Generation)
pproximately 70 percent of this segment’s sales come from the aerospace and
  LEGACY: Enhancing Competitive Base
2012 2013 2014 2015F 2016F
2017F 2018F
2019F 2020F
   4 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15

 To better serve our strategic customers, in 2015 we completed
a process to refocus the HPM&C segment’s businesses into a more aligned and integrated business. This alignment and integration is designed to create a more agile, streamlined, cohesive, and efficient business. Our improved supply chain effectiveness and standardized continuous improvement processes are designed to help ATI improve efficiencies, reduce costs, and accelerate our growth. And, we
can better leverage and align our engineering talent and technical capabilities to create value for our customers and our shareholders.
Beginning in 2016, we expect improving shipments of jet engine forgings, castings, nickel-based
alloy, and titanium-based alloy mill products, plus an improving mix of next-generation mill products and forgings. Mill product shipments for future use in forgings and components lead the cycle. We expect to see growth early because we won a significant number of forgings and castings that are new to ATI for legacy engines.
A leading indicator for growth in the aerospace market is new product introduction (NPI). In 2015, we worked through our NPI forging and casting backlog of over 300 parts. The majority of these parts are key components
on the next-generation jet engines that are expected to have significant growth over the next five years. These new parts are expected to generate incremental sales in excess of $1 billion beginning in 2016 and extending
to 2020, mostly to our strategic commercial aerospace customers.
Our HPM&C segment is positioned for a multi-year period of sustained profitable growth supported by LTAs that run through the end of this decade and into the next.
Flat Rolled Products segment – Challenging Markets Require Tough Decisions
Our Flat Rolled Products (FRP) segment has operated at significant losses for more than three years. Over the last eight years, we invested over $1.5 billion in capital expenditures with the intent that this business would be profitable and generate returns for the benefit of our stockholders, customers, and employees.
A critical part of our capital investment program is the $1.2 billion HRPF, which is essential to our strategy to transform our flat-rolled products business. It is designed to significantly expand our product offering capabilities, shorten manufacturing cycle times, and reduce inventory requirements. The HRPF provides us with the capability to be a world leader in high-value, or non-commodity, flat-rolled products.
The commodity super bubble
deflation along with a strong dollar
led to declining raw material prices throughout 2015. The price of nickel,
a major input for ATI, fell to a decades- low level. The base-price for commodity stainless sheet fell to an historic low in December 2015. Imagine, for the price of a tall cup of Starbucks coffee, one can buy two pounds of stainless steel.
Domestic and global growth remains on a slow track, and the world has excess stainless steel production capacity. It could take years of growth to return to better supply/demand balance.
After extensive strategic review and analysis, we took actions to reduce
our exposure to commodity flat-rolled products. These actions are designed to rightsize our FRP business and return it to profitability as quickly as possible.
The restart of the idled commodity operations will depend on future business conditions and ATI’s ability
to earn an acceptable return on invested capital on products produced at these operations.
As a result of these rightsizing actions, we significantly reduced our exposure to the electrical energy distribution market by idling our GOES operations; we reduced our exposure to the automotive market as many exhaust products are made from commodity stainless steel; and we expect to reduce our presence in the food equipment & appliance and construction & mining markets due to reduced exposure to commodity stainless steel.
From mid-2015 and continuing into
the first quarter 2016, most of our FRP segment operations faced the most difficult labor contract negotiations
in the history of the Company. We
had about 2,200 union-represented employees in FRP. From the beginning, ATI negotiated in good faith with
the USW in an effort to reach new competitive and fair collective bargaining agreements. ATI’s sole objective was to help the business covered by the collective bargaining agreements improve its competitive position with our domestic and global competitors.
Of particular importance, we sought
to address the growing healthcare cost problem carefully and responsibly. We proposed quality healthcare with low deductibles and co-insurance
so employees could help share the cost of their insurance and make decisions that are best for their family’s healthcare as well as their costs and our costs. Our proposal offered better coverage than most employees in the United States.
From the start of the negotiations and throughout, ATI made considerable moves at the bargaining table. The USW made virtually no moves.
The USW’s refusal to meaningfully bargain put us in a position of locking out our USW-represented employees on August 15, 2015. This was the
last thing we wanted to do. But the USW and their national agenda gave us no choice. In fact, it was not until December 30, 2015, coincidentally a few days after a tentative agreement was announced with a large carbon
 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15 5

 OUR VISION:
Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials & Components CompanyTM
• Focus on products with significant technical barriers to entry
• Focus on global markets that have long-term growth expectations and require ATI’s technical and manufacturing leadership
This focus creates superior growth in shareholder value over the long term and enhances opportunities for our strategic customers and employees.
steel producer, with whom we do
not compete, that the USW permitted meaningful discussions to restart. Most of our USW-represented employees suffered significant economic loss for seven months. This could have and should have been avoided.
During the week of March 13 the union-represented employees of our flat-rolled products business returned to work under new 4-year collective bargaining agreements that were ratified on March 1, 2016. We were able to achieve significant changes
in the new agreements, such as increased cost sharing for healthcare and reduced future retirement liability for new hires as well as greater flexibility within our operations.
We are in the process of creating
a smaller, more agile, streamlined, cohesive, and efficient FRP business, with annual revenue of approximately $1.2 billion and about 1,500 union- represented employees. The business will focus on products with significant technical barriers to entry. This is consistent with our strategy to focus on global markets that have long-term growth expectations and require
ATI’s technical and manufacturing leadership. We see a favorable
future for our non-commodity flat- rolled products that serve the global
automotive, oil & gas/chemical & hydrocarbon processing, electrical energy generation, aerospace, and electronics markets.
Due to challenging market conditions and global overcapacity in our commodity products, we had to
make tough decisions. We expect these decisions to benefit ATI and the employees of our flat-rolled products business over the long term because we plan to have a profitable, viable business. As we continue to reposition this business, we expect the FRP segment to be modestly profitable
by the second half of 2016.
FOCUSED ON OUR VISION AND STRATEGY
We remain focused on returning ATI to the path
of sustainable, profitable growth, and we continue our journey
to create an aligned and integrated ATI.
Our vision is Building the World’s
Best Specialty Materials & Components CompanyTM. Easy to state, challenging to achieve. This vision is and must be the focus of every ATI employee.
We focus on products with significant technical barriers to entry, and on global markets that have long-term growth expectations and require ATI’s technical and manufacturing leadership.
This focus creates superior growth in shareholder value over the long term and enhances opportunities for our strategic customers and employees.
Our vision recognizes that the job of building, or being, the best is never completed. Our customers continue
to demand and expect greater value
at a lower price. Our competitors continue to get better. New competitors emerge. Existing technologies evolve and new technologies emerge. In order to be successful in this environment, we must embrace change. We must be the best at listening to our customers. We must anticipate change and use
it to our advantage — not react to it but think ahead, connect all the dots that exist in running a business that is focused on demanding, competitive global markets.
We achieve this is by being relentless, by being innovative, and by embracing change. Status quo loses. Relentless Innovation wins. Our commitment
is Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless Innovation®.
In other words, Relentless Innovation drives our strategies that are designed to generate sustainable long-term growth through the business cycles of our end markets. As we are successful in achieving this, we create long-term value for ATI’s stockholders.
 6 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15
 
 As we begin 2016, while challenging conditions remain, drivers of our secular growth markets remain intact. The production acceleration of next- generation aircraft and jet engines
is upon us; we have been preparing
for this next-generation ramp for over
a decade. Our extraordinary capital expenditure cycle is nearly behind
us. The LTAs that we have been awarded by many of our strategic aerospace customers are expected
to provide significant profitable growth opportunities for ATI and value for
our customers. We will remain focused on actions to enhance ATI’s competitive position, improve the cost structure
of our business, and position our businesses for success.
For 2016, we sought the input from
our shareholders and completely redesigned our executive compensation program. We have a more transparent program that continues to emphasize pay for performance. For example, approximately 80 percent of compensation opportunities for the CEO and named executive officers
are variable and at risk and about
65 percent is equity based. Cash and equity incentive plans are based on the attainment of business plan performance metrics that support our profitable growth initiatives, with 90 percent of annual incentive based on financial achievements.
ATI’S SHARED CORE VALUES
While we believe that change is constant,
one thing will not change. As we move our company forward — Building the World’s Best Specialty Materials & Components CompanyTM — our journey is guided by a shared commitment to ATI’s Core Values.
Our Core Values and the ATI Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics embody our commitment to comply with the law and to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in everything we do.
• Integrity as the Cornerstone
of our business. To that end, we must be honest and forthright in everything we do.
• We expect everyone to be treated with dignity and respect, and we embrace the values of innovation, cooperation, accountability, and teamwork.
• ATI is committed to more than just adherence to laws and regulations. Our commitment is to reflect the highest level of integrity and ethics in our dealings with each other,
our customers, our suppliers, our stockholders, the public, and the government agencies with whom we engage.
• Safety, Health, and Sustainability
are the prerequisites to all operations, and our goal is to finish each day incident- and injury-free.
• Product Quality and Excellence
is demonstrated in everything we do.
• Diversity, Creativity, Learning, and Freedom of people to reach their individual potential is ATI’s culture.
I want to personally thank our stockholders, our customers, our employees, our suppliers, and the communities in which we operate our businesses for their continued support of ATI.
I also express my appreciation to
our Board of Directors for their advice, counsel, commitment, and continued support of our efforts to create long-term sustainable value for
our customers and stockholders.
Richard J. Harshman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   Growth
Readiness
Foundation
To achieve
our vision and commitment, we are focused on 5 STRATEGIC PRINCIPLES:
Growth
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE 1
Be the best at CREATING VALUE for strategic customers
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE 2
Deliver compound-annual PROFITABLE GROWTH in diversified global markets
Readiness
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE 3
Leverage our TECHNICAL AND MANUFACTURING LEADERSHIP and capabilities
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE 4
CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVE
all aspects of our business with focus on safety, quality, cost, and sustainability
Foundation
STRATEGIC PRINCIPLE 5
Attract, develop, challenge, and create opportunities for TALENTED AND DIVERSE PEOPLE who share a commitment to our values
     MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO | ATI | 2O15 7
RELENTLESS INNOVATION®
