   Dear Stockholders:
I am pleased to invite you to attend Allegheny Technologies Incorporated’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As in prior years, we will consider matters that are important to our company.
ATI is a different company today than it was at the beginning of 2016. In 2016, we took a series of restructuring and other actions that we believe position our business for sustainable profitable growth. We grew our revenue generated from the aerospace and defense market to 51% of our total revenue. Our combination of innovative technologies, differentiated products and long-term agreements with key strategic customers uniquely positions us to continue benefitting from the transition to next-generation jet engines and aircraft that is already underway.
During 2016, we took a number of key actions, including the indefinite idling of our Rowley, UT titanium sponge production facility, to improve the cost structure of our HPMC segment. As a result of these actions and continued growth in demand for our differentiated specialty materials products from the aerospace market, in the fourth quarter of 2016, HPMC segment operating profit reached more than 11% of segment sales, marking six consecutive quarters of sequential improvement in operating profit for the segment.
Also during 2016, we undertook a series of restructuring efforts designed to improve the cost structure of our Flat Rolled Products business and return that business to sustainable profitability. Our objective is to create a smaller, more agile, efficient and profitable FRP business that is more focused on differentiated products with significant barriers to entry, rather than products that have been heavily commoditized. To that end, we reduced our exposure to commodity stainless steel sheet products, which comprised just 11% of our sales in 2016, and completed our exit from the unprofitable grain-oriented electrical steel business. We also obtained a new labor agreement in our FRP business with important changes to retirement benefits and other changes to plant operations, ending the seven month work stoppage that impacted our business in both 2015 and 2016. As a result, FRP segment operating losses were reduced over the course of 2016 to a near breakeven position in the fourth quarter of 2016.
We believe that these actions are working to reposition our business for sustainable success. Today, we are fundamentally an aerospace and industrials company with a small, but important, exposure to commodity products. Looking to 2017 and beyond, we remain focused on the relentless innovation necessary to consistently create value for our customers and stockholders over the long term. We continue to employ the most advanced materials technologies and unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities. Investments such as in our Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility and our new nickel-based powder alloys facility, which successfully began operations early this year, remain critical to our long-term success.
The views of our stockholders are important to us. We conducted extensive stockholder outreach again in 2016, and relied on stockholder feedback in connection with the complete redesign of our executive compensation program, which was fully implemented in 2016. We believe our current program provides the transparency and emphasis on pay for performance that are important to our stockholders and, coupled with our other significant efforts to enhance our corporate governance in recent years, including our adoption of proxy access bylaw provisions in 2016, demonstrates our ongoing commitment to best practices and, ultimately, to our stockholders.
Thank you for your support in our ongoing commitment to Creating Long-Term Value Thru Relentless Innovation®.
Sincerely,
RICHARD J. HARSHMAN
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2017
    ATI 2017 Proxy Statement
/ 1
