   ATI Executive Committee (standing L to R) Terry Dunlap Jack Shilling
Tom Williams
Pat Hassey
Lynn Davis
Dave Hogan (seated L to R) Rich Harshman Jon Walton
Doug Kittenbrink
  Message from the Chairman
To open this year’s annual report, I’ll introduce you to Pat Hassey, our new President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat comes to Allegheny Technologies from Alcoa, Inc. as a 35-year veteran of the metals industry, all with Alcoa.
His experience is primarily on the fabrication side of metals, including three years as President of Alcoa Europe, SA. He also served as an Executive Vice-President and member of Alcoa’s Executive Committee. Over the years with Alcoa, he gained extensive and deep experience in the Flat-Rolled Products segment of the specialty metals businesses as a Group President, and also chaired Alcoa’s Aerospace Market Sector LeadTeam.
Pat joined ATI as President and CEO on October 1, 2003, after a short consulting period with the ATI businesses. I believe that Pat along with our management team and employees can do great things for this Company. Earnings must be improved. ATI can become a more effective competitor within our markets, grow in our strategic strengths, and generate increasing value for our customers with profitable growth for our stockholders.
Pat understands the challenges facing this Company and the markets we serve. He also understands that the future of any enterprise is created through the implementation of a well-understood strategic vision.
As you know, Jim Murdy retired as President and CEO in September 2003. Jim and I worked closely together during his 15-year career with the Company. I join with the Board in extending to Jim our deep appreciation for his many contributions.
The Company is evolving and the profile of our Board of Directors is changing. In 2003, Brian Simmons and George Kourpias left our Board of Directors. Both made important contributions to our business through their tenure. Directors Paul Brentlinger, Fred Fetterolf and Bill Ouchi will retire from our Board in May of 2004. Paul and Fred have been members of the Board since Allegheny Ludlum went public in 1987 and have provided guidance and advice to every President and Chairman of the Company. Professor Ouchi’s unique insights into the global markets and economies have aided our strategies.
In addition, the Board of Directors has nominated H. Kent Bowen and John D.Turner for election to our Board in May. Kent is a professor of business administration at Harvard University and has extensive knowledge of materials and operations management technology. John was Chairman and CEO of Copperweld until his retirement in 2003 and has broad management experience in the metals industry.
Also in May, Pat Hassey becomes Chairman of Allegheny Technologies. I plan to retire as Chairman after the annual meeting and will remain a member of the Board of Directors. I’ve been with the Company for almost 50 years and have witnessed a lot of change.We started as primarily a domestic stainless steel company and are now a global leader in the technology and production of a wide variety of specialty metals, with operations in 18 countries. I believe that Allegheny Technologies is well positioned for an exciting future.
Sincerely,
Bob Bozzone Chairman of the Board March 2004
  ATI Annual Report 2003   01
03

  Message from the President and Chief Executive Officer
Year In Review—2003
As the year drew to a close, we began to see significant signs that U.S. market conditions were begin- ning to improve. In December, as demand was strengthening, we announced price increases, effective in January 2004, for most of our flat-rolled products as well as a pricing policy revision for our nickel-based alloy and specialty steel alloy long products.We announced additional price increases for our stainless steel flat-rolled products in January, February and March 2004, ending the lowest conversion margins ever experienced in our Company’s history.
While we were focusing on cash generation, cost reductions and preparing Allegheny Technologies to benefit and take strong advantage of a market recovery, we generated $80 million of cash flow from operations, and had no borrowings under our secured domestic credit facility.
Our strong emphasis on safety continued. Compared to 2002, ATI’s OSHA Recordable Incident Rate improved by 29 percent and the Lost Workday Incident Rate improved by 38 percent, placing us far better than industry averages.
We developed and accelerated the implementation of a new “ATI Business System”, which drives our “lean manufacturing” initiatives, improves quality and yields, further reduces overhead structures and cost, and delivers excellent customer reliability and service.The basics of this system begin with dignity and respect for the people who do the work and who drive ever-increasing efficiency and cost reductions by eliminating waste in a people-driven and systemic way across the ATI companies. In addition, we initiated a “Strategic Renewal Process” to refine our product offerings and guide our manufacturing investments for improved results throughout the Company.
We’ve begun to see the early benefits of these two initiatives. As an example, even though costs to purchase major raw materials increased over 27 percent during 2003, the dollars tied up in our raw materials, in process inventories, and finished goods were up less than 1 percent.
ATI continued to invest in technology, research and development. We introduced several new alloys to better serve our customers’ needs. Among these alloys are three with significant potential for future growth:
• 718 PlusTM alloy, a new (patents pending) nickel-based superalloy that increases the temperature
capability of the commonly used aerospace 718 alloy. 718 Plus alloy is a cost-effective new alternative
to meet the demanding needs of next-generation jet engines.
• ATITM 425 titanium, an innovative new patented titanium alloy that is a cost-effective alternative to the
most common high-strength titanium alloy.
• AL 2003TM alloy, a new patented stainless steel duplex alloy that is an economic alternative to higher
nickel-bearing stainless steels and duplex alloys.
These new proprietary alloys will well serve our markets and customers who choose to use them, and they help keep ATI companies at the leading edge of new product innovation and performance.
In June, we announced the formation of Uniti LLC, our industrial titanium joint venture with VSMPO-AVISMA of Russia. Uniti is off to a good start and gaining real traction in the global markets for industrial titanium products.
Vision for ATI
We are now able to focus on profitable growth, while transitioning our businesses during 2004 for long-term sustained success.
I decided to join ATI because I believe this is a potentially great Company, with great opportunities, great people and leading technologies. ATI is committed to providing good jobs for our employees and being a responsible and productive corporate citizen in the communities where we operate...all within
2   Annual Report 2003   ATI

 a values-based framework of integrity and leadership.Yet, it is a Company needing to overcome some difficult circumstances and challenges.
On January 29, 2004, I presented to the ATI Board of Directors our strategic direction and what we intend to accomplish in 2004:
• “Fix” our stainless steel business — returning Allegheny Ludlum to long-term profitable growth and
cash generation
• Finish the expansion of our high performance metals long products rolling mill in Richburg, SC —
profitably growing our Allvac business market position and returns
• Expand our exotic alloys business through yearly incremental investment in our Wah Chang
operations with increasing profitability and returns
• Manage our Engineered Products segment businesses to contribute as a core business sector with
good returns and cash generation
• Grow in China
• Improve the ATI balance sheet
• Deliver positive earnings per share growth
To “fix” our stainless steel business means returning Allegheny Ludlum to long-term profitable growth and cash generation. Market conditions have been difficult in this business since 2001. Domestic consumption of stainless steel sheet and strip, our Flat-Rolled Products segment’s largest product line, fell by 18 percent in 2001, compared to 2000, and consumption remained at low levels through 2003. Compounding the problem, stainless steel capacity was added in the U.S. during this period. Pricing suffered, falling to historically low levels.
In February of 2004, we announced the J&L Specialty Steel Asset Purchase Agreement, contingent upon certain conditions and normal governmental approvals.This acquisition is expected to complement and enhance our competitive position in the North American stainless steel marketplace.
We now have an ongoing dialogue with the United Steelworkers of America (USWA) leadership.
The USWA leadership is aware of the competitive challenges facing the U.S. stainless steel industry.
By working together, under a new framework, combining the investments we are making with the right cost structure, and utilizing the new ATI Business System, Allegheny Ludlum can sustain its position as one of the premier metals companies in the world.
We’ve invested in this business and most of our capital base is relatively new. Our melt shop upgrade in Brackenridge, PA is on plan.The first of our two new electric arc furnaces began operation in November 2003.The second is on plan to be completed during the fourth quarter 2004.
Turning to our High Performance Metals segment, commercial aerospace, this segment’s largest end-use market, was still suffering in 2003 from the dramatic downturn that resulted from the tragic events of September 11, 2001. By the end of 2003, demand for our nickel-based superalloys and premium titanium alloys from commercial aerospace stabilized. Most analysts see a commercial aerospace recovery in the 2005/2006 time period, which means that we should begin to see some signs of improvement in our orders 12 to 18 months before that, due to the lead times of our specialty materials.
During this extended commercial aerospace cyclical slump, we were fortunate to have the means to invest in our business.Today, we are better positioned to supply both sides of the ocean with our high performance metals as a result of investments made in our Monroe, NC and Sheffield, U.K. facilities.
In addition, we plan to finish the expansion of our high performance metals long products rolling mill in the second quarter 2004.This rolling mill, located in Richburg, SC, provides enhanced technological capabilities enabling ATI to grow market positions for our nickel-based superalloy, titanium alloy, zirconium and specialty steel product lines.
  ATI     Annual Report 2003 03

 Our exotic alloys business demonstrated good performance in 2003 from both a sales growth and income contribution perspective. It benefited from sustained high demand from high-energy physics
and government markets, as well as corrosion markets in Asia. We forecast attractive profitable growth for this business. We aim to continue as the premier supplier of these products to the U.S. government and meet the growing demand from the corrosion, medical imaging and biomedical markets. We plan to expand our exotic alloys business through yearly incremental investment in our Wah Chang operations to generate increasing profitability and returns.
We expect our smallest segment, Engineered Products, to contribute as a core business sector with good returns and cash generation. Importantly, this segment was profitable during the very difficult market environment in 2003.These tungsten carbide cutting tools, forging and casting products and processing service businesses remain key assets.We expect them to generate cash and improve returns.
International growth has long been a focus of ATI. Nearly 25 percent of our total revenue in 2003 represents export sales and sales by our non-U.S. manufacturing companies. Export sales were aided during 2003 by a 20 percent increase, compared to 2002, in sales through our international offices in Asia. A combination of a weaker dollar, the industrial boom in China, and the prospects for global recovery bodes well for our international sales.
For example, production continued to ramp up at STAL, our Precision Rolled Strip® products joint venture in China. Orders have been strong and STAL is nearly full. As a result of the success of STAL, we are considering our options to grow in China.
Finally, two of the most important items in our strategic plan are to
• improve the ATI balance sheet
• deliver positive earnings per share growth.
We know what needs to be done and either already have the plans in place to achieve our goals, or will be initiating other new actions to achieve our goals.
In Summary
As I said, I joined ATI because of the many outstanding opportunities here. Accelerating the deployment of the ATI Business System and leading this Company to compete profitably in the ever-changing global economy are at the foundation of those opportunities.
Jim Murdy, who retired as President and CEO on September 30, 2003, positioned ATI for a smooth and effective leadership transition with the Company on a firm financial foundation for growth.
I also want to express my sincere appreciation to all of ATI’s Board of Directors for their many contributions to the successes of ATI over the years.
In May of this year, Bob Bozzone plans to retire as ATI’s Chairman of the Board. Bob has provided invaluable guidance to me, and our entire management team. He was a key factor in my decision to join ATI. Bob’s leadership has been influential to this Company. We all are grateful to him and look forward to his continuing contribution as a member of the ATI Board of Directors.
Sincerely,
Pat Hassey
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2004
 4   Annual Report 2003   ATI
