B R I D G I N G

T H E

F U T U R E

United by Our Vision
Dear Fellow Shareholder:

Atmos Energy was founded by
4

visionaries who saw limitless possibilities in providing energy to homes and businesses. As the natural gas industry has evolved, Atmos Energy has grown and prospered. Today, our commitment to our customers and shareholders is apparent in everything we do-- from innovative ratemaking to technologies that improve performance to investments for future growth. As we begin a second century, Atmos Energy is prepared to play an
Senior Management Team Robert W. Best (seated) Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Left to right: Wynn D. McGregor Senior Vice President, Human Resources J. Patrick Reddy Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kim R. Cocklin Senior Vice President, Regulated Operations Louis P. Gregory Senior Vice President and General Counsel Mark H. Johnson Senior Vice President, Nonregulated Operations

expanded role as the nation's largest all-natural-gas distribution company. We are delivering, transporting, marketing, gathering and storing America's most valuable fuel to create a better way of life for all. We are dedicated to producing stable, sustained and successful operating and financial results. For the past seven years, we have achieved our stated goal of increasing earnings per share, on average, by 4 percent to 6 percent. Earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2007 went up 5.5 percent, or 10 cents, to $1.92. The company paid cash dividends in fiscal 2007 of $1.28 per share. In November 2007, our board of directors again raised the annual dividend by 2 cents to an indicated rate of $1.30 per share. Taking into account our mergers and acquisitions, Atmos Energy has paid higher consecutive annual dividends every year since becoming a separate company in 1983.
S T R AT E G I C S T R E N G T H

Our business strategy combines three goals: to expand by making prudent acquisitions, to maximize earnings from our core regulated operations and to grow our complementary nonregulated operations. Besides yielding more stable earnings, our strategy is providing more opportunities for growth.

$1.54

$1.58

$1.72

$1.82

$2.00

1.60

1.20

.80

EARNINGS REVIEW

.40

0

Net income per diluted share

03

04

05

06

07

As we begin a second century, Atmos Energy is prepared to play an expanded role as the nation's largest all-natural-gas distribution company.

$1.92

Atmos Energy was founded by visionaries who saw limitless possibilities in delivering natural gas. As the natural gas distribution business has evolved, Atmos Energy has

In fiscal 2007, our regulated operations-- which comprise our six natural gas distribution divisions and our Texas intrastate pipeline and storage division--contributed 64 percent of consolidated net income. Results were boosted by normal weather, increased revenues from rate filings and enhanced rate design, and higher pipeline throughput.

become a national leader as a result of its commitment to its shareholders, customers and employees.

B R I D G I N G

T H E

F U T U R E

To better reflect how Atmos Energy operates,
we realigned our organization and began reporting our results of operations under the following segments, effective September 1, 2007.
> Natural gas distribution segment, formerly the utility segment, includes our regulated natural gas distribution and related sales operations. > Regulated transmission and storage segment includes the regulated natural gas pipeline and storage operations of our Atmos Pipeline­Texas Division; these operations previously were included in the former pipeline and storage segment. > Natural gas marketing segment remains unchanged and includes our nonregulated natural gas marketing and gas management services. > Pipeline, storage and other segment comprises primarily our nonregulated natural gas transmission and storage services, which formerly were in the pipeline and storage segment.

Our nonregulated natural gas marketing, pipeline and storage operations contributed 36 percent of fiscal 2007 net income. Earnings
REGULATED 43.5% Natural Gas Distribution 20.5% Regulated Transmission and Storage NONREGULATED 27.2% Natural Gas Marketing 8.8% Pipeline, Storage and Other

from our gas marketing operations went down, year over year, because of lower unit margins, but earnings from our nonregulated pipeline and storage operations increased significantly. This strategic symmetry is increasingly important to our success. Most of our growth for the past 20 years has come from our disciplined approach to acquiring and integrating utility properties. Although we remain interested in future acquisition opportunities, we are now focusing on opportunities to invest in our existing regulated and nonregulated operations.

FISCAL 2007 NET INCOME BY SEGMENT
Contributions from regulated and nonregulated operations

Above all, we are dedicated to ensuring the continued safety, reliability and efficiency of our operations.

B R I D G I N G

T H E

F U T U R E

Although we remain interested in future acquisition opportunities, we are now focusing on opportunities to invest in our existing regulated and nonregulated operations.

A C H I E V E M E N T S I N R E G U L AT E D O P E R AT I O N S

the Barnett Shale development, is providing more opportunity to transport increasing volumes of gas production to market.
G R O W T H I N N O N R E G U L AT E D O P E R AT I O N S

We achieved many improvements in our regulated operations during 2007. Net income from natural gas distribution grew approximately $20 million from a year ago to about $73 million, and total distribution throughput increased by 9 percent. Rate-design changes for our two largest distribution divisions in Texas and Louisiana helped stabilize and improve our recovery of authorized margins. We estimate we now have weather normalization adjustments or similar rate designs to stabilize margin recovery in about 97 percent of our markets. In Missouri, we received approval to stabilize our revenues from the effects of weather, conservation and declining use by implementing "revenue decoupling." This rate design raises our monthly service charge to pay operating expenses and decouples our revenues from volumetric charges assessed on customers' usage. We are asking for full decoupling in all our rate filings and, in return, are offering to fund energy-efficiency programs and to educate our customers about conservation measures. We are proud of our efforts to minimize our bad-debt expense. Since 2004, we have kept our expense for uncollectible customer bills at about 0.6 percent of distribution revenues or less, compared to an industry average of 1.9 percent. Above all, we are dedicated to ensuring the continued safety, reliability and efficiency of our operations. In fiscal 2007, we continued to invest in pipeline and other capital improvements for our distribution system. We also launched an Advanced Metering Infrastructure pilot project. It will help determine the feasibility of installing automated metering devices to read our meters as well as to provide customers with real-time consumption information. Earnings of our regulated transmission and storage operations went up $8 million above those of fiscal 2006 to $35 million; the segment contributed 21 percent of consolidated net income. Our regulated pipeline operations benefited from a 23 percent increase in throughput due to cooler weather and incremental capacity added by several expansion projects, including our North Side Loop project completed in 2006. The unique location of our Texas pipeline system, which virtually overlays

Our nonregulated operations made impressive gains in natural gas marketing volumes and in attracting new customers. Gas sales volumes by Atmos Energy Marketing went up 31 percent to 371 billion cubic feet. However, its contribution to 2007 net income went down 22 percent, year over year, to about $46 million. Declining natural gas price volatility, compared with the extreme price volatility in 2006, reduced unit margins in these operations. Contributions to net income from our nonregulated pipeline, storage and other segment increased by 54 percent to about $15 million. Results benefited from asset-optimization activities involving gas storage and from increased pipeline transportation revenues. Our nonregulated operations are evaluating a number of attractive growth projects, such as natural gas gathering systems, gas storage facilities and additional producer services. Our Atmos Pipeline and Storage subsidiary expects to invest up to $33 million during fiscal 2008 in these projects through a combination of acquisitions, partnerships and "greenfield" developments. One of these projects now under construction is our Park City low-pressure gas gathering system in Edmonson County, Kentucky. It will encompass 23 miles of gathering lines to move production from 47 gas wells to a joint-venture nitrogen treatment plant. When completed in early 2008, the project is expected to increase the natural gas output from this area where production historically has been constrained. At year-end, we wrote off about $3 million of capitalized costs for an eastern Kentucky natural gas gathering project that we had discussed in last year's report. Although initial indications about this project were highly favorable, natural gas producers in the region were indecisive about dedicating volumes to this system. Even after we reduced the project's scale, the economics remained insufficient for us to proceed.
7

B R I D G I N G

T H E

F U T U R E

Our future looks bright; however, it rests not on our current assets or future projects. Our future is in the people who keep Atmos Energy financially strong and efficient.

8

FINANCIAL IMPROVEMENTS

OUTLOOK FOR 2008

Our overall financial condition improved significantly in fiscal 2007. We took advantage of a robust stock market to sell 6.3 million shares of common stock in December 2006 in a public offering and then used the net proceeds to reduce our shortterm debt. That sale diluted earnings by approximately 5 cents per share but significantly strengthened our balance sheet. In June 2007, we made a public offering of $250 million of senior notes. We used the net proceeds plus available cash to redeem $300 million of floating-rate senior notes in July to further strengthen our balance sheet. At September 30, 2007, our debt-to-capitalization ratio stood at 53.7 percent--a 7.2 percentage-point improvement over a year ago. We have solid investment-grade credit ratings and ample liquidity from about $1.5 billion in commercial paper and bank credit facilities.

We expect 2008 to be a challenging year. One of our highest priorities is to obtain adequate rate levels for all our distribution divisions, particularly our Mid-Tex Division in Texas. It is our largest division and serves almost half of our regulated distribution customers. The division received a $4.8 million revenue increase in fiscal 2007. However, with a current rate of return that is less than 6 percent a year, it is significantly underearning on its assets. Therefore, we have filed another request for $52 million in additional annual revenues. Because of the statutory length of time to resolve rate proceedings in Texas, we expect the outcome of this case will not materially affect our 2008 results. We do, however, expect improved results in our distribution operations as a result of $35 million of other revenue increases approved in 2007 and those we will seek in 2008. We also

B R I D G I N G

T H E

F U T U R E

expect continued strong results from our regulated intrastate pipeline, Atmos Pipeline­Texas, due to the drilling boom in the Barnett Shale and other gas basins in Texas. In our nonregulated gas marketing business, we expect earnings in 2008 to be lower than in 2007. Volatile gas prices after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita helped our gas marketing operations maximize margins and increase sales volumes in fiscal 2006 and into 2007. With natural gas production in the Gulf of Mexico now back to normal, spreads between what we pay for gas and what we sell it for are less. Therefore, the margins in our gas marketing business are likely to return to more historical levels. Our nonregulated operations are continuing to add major new customers. Our dedication to serving our customers over the years is helping us retain a high proportion of them year after year in a business based on competitive commodity pricing. In addition, we are offering customers numerous services for asset optimization using our nonregulated pipeline and storage operations. In these ways, we provide added value in our relationships with our nonregulated customers. For fiscal 2008, we estimate earnings per diluted share will range from $1.95 to $2.05*. We expect our dividend to continue increasing annually, with a dividend payout ratio at about 65 percent, which is consistent with our peers in the natural gas utility industry. Our capital investments in fiscal 2007 totaled $392 million. For fiscal 2008, we expect to invest between $445 million and $465 million. About 70 percent of our invested capital will go for maintenance projects and the other 30 percent for growth projects, such as new pipeline expansion, gas gathering systems, marketing operations or storage facilities.
B R I D G I N G TO O U R F U T U R E

Many of these ventures are extensions into closely related operating areas, such as gas gathering systems, which have common characteristics with our pipeline operations. These ventures can take advantage of our existing management and technical skills and financial strength. In addition, they can add new services to expand our customer base. We have strengthened our balance sheet by reducing our debt-to-capitalization ratio to below 55 percent. This has been our consistent practice after making acquisitions. Today we are in an excellent position to acquire properties or invest in internal projects, regulated and nonregulated. In only a decade's time, we have grown to become a $6 billion company in both revenues and assets. Our board of directors has carefully guided our growth through the years and has prepared us for future opportunities. I thank them for their constant support and wise counsel that have brought us to this point. In November 2007, Richard W. Douglas joined our board of directors. Mr. Douglas is executive vice president and a member of the executive committee of The Staubach Company, a global real estate advisory firm. He brings a wealth of expertise in commercial real estate, business investments, economic development and municipal government. Our future looks bright; however, it rests not on our current assets or future projects. Our future is in the people who keep Atmos Energy financially strong and efficient. From our founding a century ago, we have benefited from the loyalty of our shareholders and investors. Equally, our employees have exhibited a deep sense of responsibility to serve the needs of both our customers and investors. Together, this immutable bond between capital and labor has created our success and it provides the bridge to our future.
9

Fiscal 2007 was a pivotal year for Atmos Energy. Not only did we maintain our pace of earnings growth in the face of some strong headwinds, but we also adjusted our course toward new opportunities. We're now pursuing a number of ventures that could deliver significant long-term benefits. Robert W. Best
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

November 27, 2007
* Our estimated earnings per share for fiscal 2008 are based on assumptions that include: less volatility in natural gas prices affecting our natural gas marketing segment, successful rate cases and collection efforts, normal weather, bad-debt expense not exceeding $20 million, average annual short-term interest at 6.5%, average cost of natural gas ranging from $7.95 to $10.00 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf), and no material acquisitions.

