 Letter to Shareholders
   To Our Shareholders: A year ago, I said that we would continue to aggressively focus on growing our utility and non-utility operations by making
acquisitions to sustain our historical growth rate. In 2000, we did exactly that. In fact, the number
of transactions that we have announced and com- pleted this year is unparalleled in the history of the Company. We also took impor tant steps to improve our profitability, despite the weather.
We were again challenged by weather in fiscal 2000, but we did not sit idly by as warm weather took its toll throughout our operating territories. We were proactive and innovative and grew our earnings despite weather that was 18 percent warmer than normal and two percent warmer than last year. As a result of the steps we took in 2000, net income more than doubled from $17.7 million in 1999, to $35.9
million in 2000. Similarly,
earnings per share also
grew from $0.58 per
diluted share in 1999 to
$1.14 in 2000.
transformed it from a regional
company with operations in
the state of Texas and a
customer base of 300,000 to
a company with a multi-state
presence, stretching east from
the Rocky Mountains to the
Atlantic Seaboard and serving
more than one million cus-
tomers. In 2000, we proved
once again that Atmos is a
successful acquirer and integrator of natural gas utility operations.
In April, we announced our largest acquisi- tion since 1997 – the purchase of the assets of Louisiana Gas Service Company, a division of Citizens Communications Company, and LGS Natural Gas Company, a Citizens subsidiary, for
$365 million. When completed in fiscal 2001, this acquisition will add 279,000 meters to our current Louisiana operations and will make Atmos the largest natural gas distribution company in the state of Louisiana.
In May, we completed the acquisition of Associated Natural Gas’ Missouri natural gas distribution properties at a cost of $667 per customer,
  Dividend History
1985 1990 1995 2001*
$1.20
$1.00
$0.80
AYearof Unprecedented Growth–Utility Operations $0.40
Since 1986, Atmos’ tradition of growth has
   2
$ 0.60
  * Indicated Annual Dividend
Robert W. Best
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
........ ...................

 a transaction cost much lower than the industry average. The ANG operations were effectively integrated into our United Cities operations and the acquisition increased our presence in the state of Missouri by 48,000 customers.
With these transactions, Atmos will have doubled its customer base in four years, becoming the fifth largest pure natural gas utility in the nation with approximately 1.4 million customers served.
Atmos has grown from a regional company with a customer base of approximately 300,000 to a company with a multi-state presence and more than one million customers.
In the future, we plan to continue our acquisi- tion strategy. We also believe it makes sense to divest assets in states where the Company does not have a significant presence or opportunity for growth, such as South Carolina, where we have reached an agreement to sell our operations.
Such selective divestitures will enable us to focus our time, attention and resources to more strategic operations.
A Y e a r o f U n p r e c e d e n t e d Growth – Non-Utility Operations
We also took important steps in fiscal 2000 to grow and increase the profitability of our non- utility operations.
Propane Operations. Our strategy has been to increase the scale, scope and profitability of the propane operations we acquired through United Cities Gas Company in 1997. In February 2000, Atmos and three other gas utility companies announced they would combine their propane assets to create a regional company, US Propane. In August, Atmos and its partners merged US Propane with Heritage Propane Partners, L.P. The combined company, which retained the Heritage name, is the nation’s fifth largest retail propane marketer. Atmos and its partners own, indirectly through their ownership of US Propane, all of the general partnership interest and a portion of the limited partnership interest of Heritage Propane Partners.Through this series of transactions, Atmos has leveraged its small and relatively unprofitable propane assets to gain an ownership interest in
a highly respected and successful, NYSE listed, national propane company.
Woodward Marketing LLC. In August, we also announced that Atmos will acquire the remaining 55 percent equity interest in Woodward Marketing LLC, a natural gas services company. Atmos currently owns a 45 percent equity interest
3
........

 4
Letter to Shareholders continued
in Woodward, and we see a significant opportunity to increase Woodward’s profitability by acquiring the remaining interest in the Company.
Upon completion of the acquisition, J. D. Woodward, President of Woodward Marketing, will join our senior management team as Senior Vice President of Non-Utility Operations. J.D. and his team have made Woodward Marketing a highly successful company primarily due to the successful relationships they have established with their customers. We believe that Woodward Marketing’s ability to prosper will be enhanced both as the core of Atmos’ non-utility operations and through the continued leadership of J. D. Woodward and
his Woodward Marketing team.
Sale of Retail Products and Services.
In 2000, we launched the sale of non-traditional retail products and services to a portion of our customer base.This venture seeks to increase our non-utility revenue by capitalizing on our local brand names and strong customer relationships. Atmos has not invested any capital in this venture but has instead partnered with successful national retail distribution companies. During 2000, we offered our customers home protection products and discount buying club memberships. Initial results are promising and indicate that our customers are interested in purchasing non- traditional products and services from us.
We will continue to look for ways to increase the profitability of our non-utility operations. We expect the earnings growth rate of our non-utility operations to exceed the growth rate of our utility operations, excluding acquisitions.
Taking Proactive Steps to Mitigate the Effects of Weather on Earnings
We were successful in improving our earnings in 2000 through a diligent regulatory strategy of making timely rate requests and redesigning our rate structures to mitigate the effects of weather. We completed three regulatory proceedings during the fiscal year and settled two others just after the close of the year that will result in more than $16 million in additional annual revenues. Rate proceedings are also pending in Virginia and Colorado. In December, we placed $2 million in new rates into effect under bond in Virginia while awaiting a final January 2001 hearing in that case. We anticipate the Colorado rate case will be resolved during the 2001 fiscal year.
During the 2000 fiscal year, Atmos successfully mitigated the effects of weather and established a floor for its earnings by redesigning rates and pur- chasing weather hedges. As a result of our success in redesigning our rate structures, approximately 34 percent of Atmos’ customer base will have weather normalized rates during the 2000 -2001 heating season compared to only 17 percent in 1999-2000. To further reduce the impact of weather on earn- ings, Atmos purchased weather hedges for its Texas and Louisiana operations for the 2000 - 2001 heat- ing season.These hedges provide protection against weather that is at least seven percent warmer than normal while preserving any upside if the weather approaches normal, or even colder than normal,
........ ............

                                        conditions. We believe these steps have positioned the Company to deliver strong earnings growth going for- ward, even when weather is warmer than normal.
Striving for Exceptional
Customer Service
In addition to increasing the numbers of customers we
serve, we have also continued our
efforts to deliver exceptional customer
service at the lowest possible cost. By
continually improving our technology
systems and our business processes and
training, we have remained among the
most efficient operators in the industry.
Our operating and maintenance costs of
$135 per meter highlights our efficiency
and was once again lower than the indus-
try average of $220 per meter. In addition, we served 582 customers per employee, up significantly
from last year’s average of 523 customers per employee, and again better than the average of 390 customers per employee for our peer companies.
We continually work to improve our efficiency and customer service at our Customer Support Center which provides customer call support 24 hours a day, seven days a week.The center now handles more than 7,000 calls per day collectively for our five utility business units.
As we move into the future, technology will continue to transform
our business. More sophisticated technol- ogy has already made it possible to read our customers’ meters using hand-held elec- tronic meter reading equipment and to dis- patch service orders directly to the field
through laptop computers located in our service technicians’ vehicles.
  Customers Per Employee
     1996 1997 1998 1999 2000
600 500 400 300 200 100
0
       5
........

  Letter to Shareholders continued
Our investment in technology will drive and accommodate our future growth and, at the same time, enable us to mantain and enhance our reputa- tion as one of the most efficient companies in the natural gas industry.This technology should further serve as a platform for web-based customer account information and service requests, which we expect to add to our technology infrastructure in the near future.
A Bright Future for Natural Gas and for Atmos
The strong demand for natural gas and the recent dramatic increases in the price of natural gas have made headlines. We are sensitive to the impact of higher commodity prices on our customers. However, we believe that the unregulated price of natural gas at the wellhead and the strong resource base will eventually balance supply and demand.
The outlook for natural gas demand is very bright. A recent study by Washington Policy and Analysis, with the support of the American Gas Foundation, forecasts that U.S. consumption of natural gas could rise by as much as 20 percent over the next 20 years.The study states that increased use of natural gas could improve air quality, conserve energy and reduce U.S. reliance on imported oil.
As for Atmos, our fundamental strengths will drive our future growth: our ability to complete and capitalize on acquisitions, the strong relationships we have developed with our customers, our success in growing our non-utility operations and our use of technology to increase efficiency, lower costs and serve more customers in each of our markets.
                                 
  Operating and Maintenance Expense Per Customer
     1996 1997 1998 1999 2000
$200
$150
$100
$ 50
$0
Our 2000 fiscal year accomplishments would not have been possible without the contributions of many important people. First, I would like to express my thanks to our employees for their dedication and commitment and for
managing company operating expenses at 1998 levels.Their many accomplishments during fiscal 2000 are even more impressive when you consider the challenges they faced as the result of one of the warmest winters on record. I also want our customers to know how much we appreciate them and their loyalty and support of our business. They are the reason we are in business and we know that we must continue to earn their trust and respect every day. I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their unwavering commit- ment to Atmos’ long-term growth and for their guidance and support. Finally, and most importantly, I would like to offer my special thanks to our shareholders for their investment and for their continued confidence in our long-term strategy.
In closing, I want to emphasize that although the past year was extremely challenging, we have accomplished a great deal. We have continued Atmos’ tradition of growth by acquiring both utility and non-utility operations. We have stabilized our utility earnings by redesigning rates, achieving rate increases and purchasing weather hedges. We
moved our propane operation into a structure in which it can grow and prosper, and we are enhanc- ing Woodward’s profitability and growth potential by purchasing the remaining equity interest in the Company. We remain one of the most efficient natural gas distribution companies in the nation
by virtue of our ability to leverage technology to aggressively manage our operating costs, accom- modate future growth and provide exceptional customer service.
With these accomplishments, we have gained strong momentum and have put the infrastructure in place to deliver solid earnings growth in 2001 and beyond. Our vision and strategy for continuing our tradition of growth are clear, and we have a passion for achieving them.We intend to deliver results that fulfill the great promise of our company.
Sincerely,
Robert W. Best
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer November 8, 2000
      7
........
