33
 14 – 15
 45
One of the largest pipeline 2006 to better serve the Natural gas costs less 500 Atmos Energy was named to company moved up 1626 In 1626, French explorers
projects in Atmos Energy’s history, the 45-mile North Side Loop was completed in
    Dallas-Fort Worth area.
than one-third of the cost of electricity per Btu.
the FORTUNE 500 for the first time in 2006. The
150 places since 2005.
discovered American natives igniting gases that were seeping into Lake Erie.
 . . . . . Corporation to emphasize its diversified assets. 1980: Trans Louisiana Gas Company was formed. 1983: Pioneer launched Energas as an independent, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . publicly held gas utility company. 1986: Energas made its first acquisition with the purchase of Trans Louisiana Gas. 1987: Growth continued with . . . . . . . . .
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
We have many reasons to celebrate 2006, not the least of which was our company’s 100th birthday.
In our centennial year, Atmos Energy delivered exceptional financial results that were driven by increased sales volumes and higher margins in our nonutility segment. At the same time, our utility operations implemented improved
rate designs to strengthen our future financial performance.
Net income for the fiscal year increased 9 percent to $147.7 million from $135.8 million in fiscal 2005, and earnings per diluted share grew by 10 cents to $1.82.
We paid dividends of $1.26 per share, resulting in a yield of between 4 percent and 5 percent. In November 2006, the board of directors declared our 19thconsecutiveannualdividend increase, raising the dividend by 2 cents a share. The indicated rate for fiscal 2007 is $1.28.
During 2006, we achieved smooth management transitions in both our utility and nonutility operations. Kim R.Cocklin assumed responsibilities as senior vice
president, utility operations, and Mark H. Johnson was named senior vice president, nonutility operations.
We also began recovering from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, which ini- tially had affected service to more than
60 percent of our Louisiana customers.
Although Atmos Energy has changed in many ways during the past century,
it has remained true to the founders’ core vision to serve the public as a natural gas company.
Today, that vision translates into our complementary strategy of natural
gas utility services and nonutility gas marketing, pipeline and storage services—a strategy that produced exceptional results in fiscal 2006.
NoNutility earNiNgs iNcrease 73 perceNt
A very bright spot in 2006 was our nonutility operations. Earnings from these operations offset a 35 percent decline in our utility earnings to contribute a record-setting $94.7 million to net income, or $1.17 per diluted share.
Our gas marketing subsidiary, Atmos Energy Marketing (AEM), was able to realize $68.7 million more in margins primarily as a result of the extreme volatility in natural gas commodity
prices last winter. AEM used its experience and expertise as one of the country’s leading gas marketers to help many public utilities, municipalities and industrial customers contend with the wide swings in wholesale gas prices. As a result,
AEM increased its 2006 marketing sales volumes by 46 billion cubic feet (Bcf) to 284.0 Bcf.
Furthermore, our pipeline and storage segment, also part of our nonutility operations, achieved higher transportation and related-service margins and favorable arbitrage spreads on its storage contracts. The segment contributed $35.6 million to net income, a 16 percent increase over its contribution in fiscal 2005. Consolidated pipeline and storage throughput increased to 420.2 Bcf from 383.4 Bcf in fiscal 2005.
A significant step we took during 2006—one that promises favorable returns and future opportunities—was our expansion into natural gas gathering. We expect to be able to use many of the same operating and marketing strengths found in our pipeline business in the gathering business. A gathering system collects raw gas from producers’ wells and transports
it to a processing and sales terminal. From there, larger regulated pipelines carry the gas to market.
In October 2006, we received an order from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) exempting our proposed Straight Creek Gathering System from FERC regulation. This gathering system will use a 20-inch backbone pipeline running approximately 60 miles through the Big Sandy natural gas producing region in eastern Kentucky. It will be able to transport up to 100,000 million Btu (MMBtu) a day of gas when it goes into operation in 2007, with the capability to expand throughput up to 225,000 MMBtu a day.
The Big Sandy producing region historically has not had sufficient gathering capacity to handle the available supply. It’s estimated that our project could generate more than $150 million a year in
fiscal 2006 Net iNcome by segmeNt
PIPELINE AND STORAGE 24.1% NATURAL GAS MARKETING 39.6%
UTILITY 35.9% OTHER NONUTILITY 0.4%
contributions from utility and nonutility operations
      
wellhead sales revenues, severance taxes, property taxes and royalty-owner revenues. Atmos Energy and our minority partner, Kinzer Drilling Company,
plan to invest between $75 million and $80 million in the project.
New rate desigN should help utility segmeNt
Extremely volatile natural gas prices, one of the warmest winters on record and two of the worst hurricanes in American history strained our utility business
by adding operating costs and lowering utility revenues.
In particular, unseasonably warm winter weather, which was 13 percent warmer than normal, reduced our utility earnings. Net income from utility operations fell to $53.0 million from $81.1 million in fiscal 2005. In addition,
we lost approximately 230,000 utility customers in Louisiana until service could be restored after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. About 26,500 of these customers became permanent losses with no plans for rebuilding homes or businesses.
Utility earnings also were reduced by a nonrecurring after-tax charge of
$14.6 million, or 18 cents per diluted share,
to write off our irrigation properties
in West Texas. The volumes of natural gas we deliver for irrigation pumping in Texas have continued to decline year after year and were not expected to generate enough cash flow from operations to recover our net investment.
On the positive side, our biggest financial success came in breakthroughs in rate design in our utility segment. These changes should help return our utility to strong performance in fiscal 2007 and beyond.
We secured protection from weather inourtwolargestdivisions.InTexas,the
Railroad Commission granted our Mid-Tex Division a weather normalization adjustment as part of a pending rate case. In Louisiana, the Public Service Commission allowed new rate provisions that protect our margins from warm winter weather, declining customer use and greater conservation.
As a result of these changes, more than 90 percent of our customer margins are now substantially insulated from
the effects of adverse weather. This has been a primary goal to help safeguard our earnings.
We cannot control the weather and we cannot control the cost of natural gas; however, we can control how we address adverse situations. We believe that implementing sound rate-design principles benefits both the company and our customers over the long term.
KeepiNg rates curreNt
We filed a number of rate cases during 2006, seeking rate increases and weather normalization adjustments as well as provisions to compensate for declining customer use and to recoup our costs
for the natural gas consumed by customers with uncollectible accounts.
In Louisiana, the Public Service Commission acted quickly to allow a rate increase, subject to refund, of $10.8 million. The increase covered customer losses in Katrina-affected parishes and increases in rate base and operating expenses.
Our most significant rate filing was for a $60 million increase in Texas by our Mid-Tex Division to recover increases
in the division’s operating costs and its allowed rate of return. A decision is due no later than April 2007.
In Texas, we also continued to refresh our rates under the state’s Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program, or GRIP. The program authorizes utilities to earn a rate of return on their incremental annual capital investments. It also reduces the regulatory lag time between when we make an investment and when we begin earning a return on it.
Since 2003, we have been able to increase base rates in Texas under GRIP by about $190 million while earning about $36 million in allowed return on that investment.
In Missouri, we reached a tentative settlement in a rate case seeking an
35
  earNiNgs reView
      $2.00
1.60
1.20
.80
.40
0
     Net income per diluted share
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
 16 – 17
69In 1859, Edwin Drake drilled 69 feet below the surface of the village of Titusville, the beginning of the natural 19 Baby Jessica McClure was Because natural gas is one of decade and demand
the first commercial well earth. A two-inch-diameter and hit oil and natural gas at pipeline was built, running
5.5 miles from the well to the
   Pennsylvania. This discovery well is considered to be
gas industry in America.
rescued from an abandoned well pipe with the help of our employees 19 years ago.
the most efficient energy is expected to grow by sources, its use has increased 40 percent by 2025.
35 percent during the past
 . . . . . the acquisition of Western Kentucky Gas. 1988: Energas changed its name to Atmos Energy Corporation and was listed on the NYSE (ATO). 1993: Atmos . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Energy acquired Greeley Gas operations in Colorado and Kansas. 1997: Atmos Energy doubled in size to one million customers through its merger with . . . . . . . . .
 We cannot control the weather and we cannot control the cost of natural gas; however, we can control how we address adverse situations.
$1.45 $1.54
$1.58 $1.72
$1.82

20
 18 – 19
61,000 Atmos Energy Marketing to its more than 1,000 Atmos Energy’s Kentucky 2Atmos Energy helped create space shuttle Columbia. commander Rick Husband their upraised hands point to
added the city of Hamilton, municipal and industrial Division was named one of Ohio (population 61,000), customers. the 20 best places to work
in the state, coming in 12th.
    two statues in West Texas to commemorate the fallen
The statue of pilot William stands in Amarillo. Together, the trajectory of the shuttle McCool stands in Lubbock, and her crew’s final mission. and the statue of shuttle
 . . . . . United Cities Gas Company. 2001: Woodward Marketing became a wholly owned subsidiary, greatly expanding the company’s nonutility business. 2002: Mississippi Valley Gas, the state’s largest gas supplier, was acquired. 2004: Atmos Energy acquired the operations of TXU Gas in Texas, becoming . . . . . . . . .
increaseof$3.4million.Significantly,the commission staff has agreed to support
a fixed monthly delivery charge, which would allow us to earn our residential margins regardless of customers’ usage. A final decision in the case is expected
in March 2007.
In a contested case, the Tennessee
Regulatory Authority ordered a $6.1 million reduction in our base rates, effective December 1, 2006. Because the company had absorbed a decade of inflation
and expenses for system improvements without seeking a rate increase, we believe the current rates are deficient. We are continuing to analyze our rate strategy in Tennessee.
success aNd iNdepeNdeNce
Strategic innovation has always set our company apart. For example, in 1986, the company was still a regional utility in West Texas with a complementary irrigation business. That year, CEO Charles Vaughan made a tender offer to acquire Trans Louisiana Gas Company. It was a bold step that set the course for the company’s future growth.
“We had to do something because our service area was not growing,” Vaughan said. “We had to buy something—or be bought ourselves.”
Vaughan chose to diversify the company’s operations into other states but to maintain its basic strategy as a regulated local distribution company.
cash diVideNds per share
$1.40 1.20 1 . 0 0 . 8 0 . 6 0 . 4 0 . 2 0 0
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2007 dividend is the indicated rate
Other successful acquisitions followed that confirmed the corporate vision and the long-standing belief in independence by our board of directors. Charles Vaughan set the dual hallmarks of financial success and corporate independence by which we operate today.
Atmos Energy has continued to expand, largely through mergers and acquisitions, to become the largest all- natural-gasdistributioncompanyinthe country. Our 10 major acquisitions
to date not only have bolstered our core utility business, but also have provided valuable diversification.
In particular, our acquisition in 2001 of the balance of Woodward Marketing has proved to be one of our best steps. We
strategic focus
acquired one of the country’s leading and most respected mid-tier natural gas marketing companies. Under
JD Woodward’s leadership, we greatly expanded the scope and scale of our nonutility business.
In 2004, we acquired the operations of TXU Gas Company. Not only did we obtain one of the most dynamic markets for natural gas distribution—Dallas-Fort Worth is now the nation’s fourth largest metropolitan statistical area, but we also
acquired a highly valuable intrastate
gas pipeline system. Today, it is yielding superior returns in our pipeline and storage segment while offering growth due to the extensive rate of gas drilling
in Texas and the producers’ needs to transport the gas to markets.
As Atmos Energy enters its second century, our strategic focus remains fixed on being financially successful by profitably delivering natural gas to our customers. We expect our earnings in fiscal 2007 to grow at our stated goal of 4 percent to 6 percent a year, on average. Our utility operations will remain our
core business. And we will remain active in using acquisitions as an engine of future growth. However, we expect
to be even more selective to find the right fit of properties.
We will invest most of our future growth capital in states with timely and adequate rates of return as well as in new nonutility projects. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2007 will be between $425 million and $440 million, as compared to $425.3 million in fiscal 2006.
We will continue to work for federal laws to increase our country’s natural gas supply in order to moderate gas prices. Towards this end, our interests are aligned perfectly with our customers’ interests. We both want reasonable gas costs and lower volatility in gas prices.
Today, Atmos Energy is in an excellent position to expand its core business, stabilize its earnings and take advantage of its complementary strategy. We are pursuing consistent and focused strategies
              I am confident that we are in a better position today than at any time in our past.
  $1.18 $1.20 $1.22
$1.24 $1.26 $1.28

 20 – 21
 186
When it comes to helping our employees have helped 69Among American single- our communities, Atmos build 186 homes so far in our family homes, 69 percent Energy digs deep. Working service area. feature natural gas heating. with Habitat for Humanity,
  . . . . . the largest all-natural-gas distributor in the U.S. 2006: The Environmental Protection Agency honored the company for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
  to benefit our shareholders, customers and employees. Furthermore, natural gas remains the most valued energy source in American homes and businesses, offering comfort, convenience and efficiency. For all these reasons, I am confident that we are in a better position today than at
any time in our past.
iN obserVaNce of our ceNteNNial
We have many reasons to celebrate Atmos Energy’s 100th anniversary. But the one that’s most important to me
is our company’s culture of developing exceptional employees.
They produced innovative solutions and found market opportunities that yielded our strong results in 2006 while they maintained the high level of service that we take pride in. Our employees took care of their customers and their fellow employees in a time of suffering and need.
Only hours after Hurricane Katrina devastated southern Louisiana and parts of Mississippi, our employees—more than 50 of whom lost their own homes— were in the field to ensure safety, to begin restoration where possible and to help their neighbors. For weeks thereafter, more than 450 of our employees from across our system worked up to 18-hour days under dangerous and difficult conditions. It is a fitting tribute to all our employees that the natural gas that
powered the pumps to drain the toxic waters from New Orleans and to begin the healing came from Atmos Energy.
Local teams of employees from every operation joined together to “adopt”
the families of our employees who lost their homes, autos and belongings. They held fundraisers, donated clothing, furniture, toys and supplies and went
to the destroyed communities to help them rebuild their lives. Above all, they gave personal encouragement and strength to sustain their fellow employees through a difficult time.
Our first commitment always is to serve—safely, reliably and efficiently. This commitment ensures the value and integrity of your investment. It provides the confidence on which our enterprise has been built during the past 100 years. Even as our business and our employees change, service remains our defining mission.
Robert W. Best
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2006
gene c. Koonce—Atmos Energy Corporation has benefited for nearly a decade from the wisdom and insights of Gene C. Koonce. Gene joined our board of directors in 1997 after our merger with
United Cities Gas Company, where he had served as chairman, president and chief executive officer for 20 years. A long-time industry leader, Gene was also a distinguished community servant in the Greater Nashville area and across Tennessee. In February 2007, Gene will retire from the board,
and we wish him and his wife, Bettye, our very best.
Two members of Atmos Energy Corporation’s senior Management Committee retired during 2006. JD Woodward, who led our nonutility business, retired on April 1, and R. Earl Fischer, who led our utility operations, retired on September 30.
Jd woodward—began working with Atmos Energy in 1997 after our merger with United Cities Gas Company. United Cities had owned 45 percent of his company, Woodward Marketing LLC. The relationship was so beneficial that we
acquired the remaining interest in his company
in 2001, and JD joined us as senior vice president, nonutility operations. He significantly expanded our gas marketing business into 22 states and developed our pipeline and storage operations into a separate business segment that is making major contributions to our earnings. We are greatly indebted to him for all that he did to help Atmos Energy grow and succeed. We wish JD and his wife, Linda, much happiness.
mark h. Johnson—who joined Woodward Marketing in 1992 as vice president of marketing and operations, succeeded JD Woodward as senior vice president, nonutility operations, and as a member of our Management Committee. Mark, a
petroleum engineer by training, is a highly experienced leader in gas marketing, trading, storage and financial hedging. He previously had served in a number of executive positions with Woodward Marketing and Atmos Energy Marketing. He brings a dynamic style and clear focus to his job.
r. earl fischer—spent 44 years with Atmos Energy and Western Kentucky Gas (WKG) Company. He served
in accounting and operational management positions at WKG, where he tirelessly promoted the state’s
economic development, recruiting the General Motors Corvette Assembly Plant, the Mid- America Air Park and a dozen major companies. He was promoted to president of WKG in 1989.
In 1998, he was named president of our West Texas Division, then known as Energas, and later became senior vice president, utility operations. Earl led our utility operations through many changes in the industry, dealing with volatile gas prices, system conversions and major acquisitions. He has truly been dedicated to the people we serve through his extensive civic and charitable work. Larger than life, and always a lot of fun, he leaves us a living legacy in the many young managers hehasselectedanddevelopedovertheyears.We wish Earl and his wife, Sally, all the best.
Kim r. cocklin—assumed the responsibilities as senior vice president, utility operations, and a member of the Management Committee on October 1. Before joining Atmos Energy, Kim was
senior vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer for Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc. At Piedmont, he was responsible for all legal, governmental and community affairs, corporate communications and Sarbanes- Oxley compliance. Earlier, Kim worked for
The Williams Companies for 19 years. He served as senior vice president in charge of planning, rates and regulatory, and business development for Williams Gas Pipeline and in other executive positions. Kim brings extensive experience in both the utility-distribution and gas-pipeline businesses. His management philosophy reflects our own corporate culture, making him a valuable addition to our senior management team.
maNagemeNt tributes
       