To Our Shareholders
Atmos Energy Corporation achieved substantial results in fiscal 2011. Our track record of creating shareholder value continued through consistent earnings-per-share growth. We also marked 28 years of consecutive annual dividend increases, after including all mergers and acquisitions.
Our strategy is focused on maximizing the value of our regulated assets. It seeks to ·  ·  ·  maximize our regulated earnings capability from our utility and pipeline operations, complement our regulated operations with energy services provided by our nonregulated business unit, and enhance shareholder value through prudent acquisitions and growing the rate base of our regulated companies.
Net Income per Diluted Share
$1.91 $1.99 $2.07 $2.20 $2.27

$2.40 $1.80 $1.20 $0.60 $0.00

In fiscal 2011, we achieved the following highlights. · We enhanced the safety and reliability of our distribution  system by replacing or adding more than 450 miles of  natural gas pipelines. · With our customers, we successfully resolved 19 rate  filings, which are expected to increase annual operating  income by more than $72 million. · We strengthened our balance sheet going forward by  impairing two natural gas gathering systems and a  proposed natural gas storage project. · We moved to become more geographically efficient by  agreeing to sell our Missouri, Illinois and Iowa distribution  assets for approximately $124 million. · We benefited financially from unwinding two interest-rate  agreements called Treasury locks, which we no longer   needed, and from upgrades by two of the three major credit  rating agencies.

`07`08 `09`10`11

Earnings per diluted share have increased steadily during the pastfive years due to our commitment to invest in system modernization, which has added to our utility rate base.

Financial Results

Earnings per diluted share increased by 7 cents over the $2.20 earned in fiscal 2010 to $2.27 , marking our ninth consecutive year of higher annual earnings.  Consolidated net income rose from $205.8 million in fiscal 2010 to $207 .6 million in fiscal 2011. Operating revenues for the fiscal year were $4.3 billion.  We paid cash dividends of $1.36 per share, and in November 2011 the board of directors raised the dividend by 2 cents a share for an annual indicated rate in fiscal 2012 of $1.38 per share. Our dividend payout ratio is 60 percent currently, as compared to 67 percent five years ago.  Our capital expenditures increased by $80.4 million, year

over year, to $623.0 million. Approximately 70 percent of that spending was invested to modernize our gas distribution infrastructure and to enhance the safety and reliability of our pipeline system.  We continued to improve our rate designs and to seek rate settlements to avoid costly litigation.  Regulatory authorities approved approximately $72 million in annual operating income increases from rate filings. In one of the settlements, the Railroad Commission of Texas decided a base rate case filed in 2010 by our Atmos Pipeline ­Texas Division, resulting in an increase in annual operating income of about $20 million.  In our nonregulated operations, we recorded noncash charges of $30.3 million for operations that no longer offered reasonable prospects to meet our investment objectives. The cumulative adjustments lowered fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share by about 21 cents.  Offsetting these impairment charges was a one-time $27.8 million pre-tax cash gain from unwinding two Treasury lock agreements with a cumulative notional value of $250 million. The Treasury locks, which are financial agreements for locking in interest rates for future debt issuances, were no longer needed after we cancelled an anticipated debt offering. In addition, we recorded a $5 million one-time benefit from an administrative settlement of various income tax positions. These gains improved earnings per diluted share by about 24 cents.  Shareholder value was further enhanced through our repur-

22

AT M O S E N E R GY 2 011 S U M M A RY A N N UA L R E P O R T

chase in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2010 of more than 3.3 million shares of Atmos Energy common stock at an effective price of $29.99. The repurchased stock improved fiscal 2011 earnings per diluted share by about 8 cents a share. In addition, we plan to retire up to 5 million more shares over the next five years through our new share repurchase program.  During fiscal 2011, we strengthened our credit profile by reducing the company's number of credit facilities, interest costs and weighted average cost of debt. We received credit rating upgrades by Moody's Investors Service to Baa1 and by Fitch to A­, and Standard & Poor's reaffirmed its rating of BBB+.
Operational Developments

In September, we opened Atmos Energy's new Amarillo Customer Contact Center to help ensure excellence in serving our customers.

Our focus on modernizing our distribution system to ensure continued safety and reliability included many projects in all divisions to replace cast iron, steel mains and vintage distribution pipelines.  The largest of these projects is a steel service line replacement program in the Mid-Tex Division. The division made steady progress on its plan to make 100,000 line replacements by September 2012. Steel service lines installed from the 1940s through the 1960s are being converted to ½-inch-to-2-inch polyethylene pipe in more than 40 cities throughout the division.  Along with safety, we invested in major projects to provide excellent customer service. Development advanced from the design phase to the build phase on a new customer service software system that will improve the handling of our customer relationships, billing and communication. About 250 employees are involved in the project, with conversion to the new system expected in May 2013.  We also dedicated an $18.5 million customer contact center in Amarillo, Texas. The 52,500-square-foot facility replaced the company's original Amarillo call center, which opened in 1998. The new center features advanced telecommunications and information technologies to help handle a peak of approximately 1,900 calls an hour, ergonomic workstations for the center's 150 agents, a new dispatch arena and design features to increase energy performance and reduce waste. Atmos Energy is seeking LEED® silver certification* for the facility.  In May 2011, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell all of our Missouri, Illinois and Iowa gas distribution assets for a cash price of approximately $124 million. These operations, which serve some 84,000 meters in 189 communities, are being purchased by Liberty Energy (Midstates) Corp., an affiliate of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. The sale is expected to close in 2012 after regulatory approvals are granted. Selling these assets will allow us to better focus our distribution operations in

our remaining nine states. Today about three-fourths of our utility operations are located in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi.  In January and February 2011, hundreds of company employees dealt with frigid cold and record snowfall. Many spent days away from home keeping regulator stations operating and assisting customers. We appreciate our employees' dedication and concern for ensuring the safety and comfort of our customers.  As a testament to its operations, engineering and foresighted improvements, Atmos Pipeline­Texas successfully handled one of the largest peak-day demands in its history. Transmission volumes on February 2 exceeded 3.6 billion cubic feet (Bcf), which equaled the previous historical high in 1996, as temperatures remained below freezing for nearly 10 days across North Texas.  The pipeline, which is a primary transporter of natural gas to our Mid-Tex Division, met all its firm service obligations to humanneeds gas customers during the cold wave. That same day, it also set a record of 2.5 Bcf in gas deliveries to our Mid-Tex Division and other North Texas local distribution companies. During 2011, our nonregulated operations experienced declines in margins caused by weak natural gas market fundamentals, which provided fewer opportunities for favorable trading and asset optimization.  Although nonregulated gas sales volumes increased in fiscal 2011 by 9 percent to 384.8 Bcf over fiscal 2010 volumes, unit margins trended lower due to increased competition, lower basis spreads and continued depressed conditions of the economy. Atmos Energy Marketing remains a strong, regional leader in gas marketing and large-user services, and its results typically supplement earnings from our regulated distribution operations. AEM markets gas through physical delivery and maintains a conservative trading portfolio.  Employees in these operations worked diligently during the year to grow their customer base and sales volumes. We believe

AT M O S E N E R GY 2 011 S U M M A RY A N N UA L R E P O R T

23

Investments for Safety and Reliability ($ in millions)

that Atmos Energy Marketing is stronger today than most of its competitors because it has successfully retained customers and won new business even under difficult conditions.
Board and Management Changes

$700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 $0 `07 `08 `09 `10 `11

 We express our deep appreciation to Richard W. Cardin and Phillip E. Nichol who both retired from the board of directors in February 2011. Mr. Cardin, with 14 years of service as a director, also retired as chairman of the board's Audit Committee, and Mr. Nichol, with nearly 26 years of service, also retired as chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. These two directors contributed significantly to the company's growth and success, and we thank them for their dedication and service to our shareholders, customers and employees.  In November 2011, Marvin L. Sweetin was promoted to senior vice president, utility operations. Marvin joined Atmos Energy in 2000 after working for 13 years in the oil and gas industry. He has led our procurement, technical training and customer-service organizations as well as our enterprisewide Utility Operations Council. He has demonstrated a proven ability to control costs, improve operations and serve our customers well. In his new position, he serves on the company's Management Committee.
Favorable Future Outlook

Total Capital Expenditures

Total Safety & Reliability

On average during the past five years, 68 percent of Atmos Energy's total capital expenditures have been dedicated to system modernization and expansion to provide safe and reliable distribution operations.

The predictable and stable contributions from our regulated operations remain the cornerstone of our earnings framework. Although our nonregulated operations suffered because of tight market conditions this past year, Atmos Energy Marketing retained virtually all of its major gas marketing customers and added new ones. Its future prospects continue to complement the company's base earnings.  We intend to continue to invest--and our regulators have long approved of this goal--large amounts of capital needed to continually modernize our gas delivery system and safeguard our communities. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2012 will range between $630 million and $650 million.  Our regulated utility rate base at the end of fiscal 2011 totaled about $4 billion. We expect the rate base will grow at a compound annual rate between 6.0 percent and 6.5 percent during the next five years. On average, this could add $50 million to $60 million annually in operating income.  Investing in our Texas intrastate transmission and storage operations promises not only to benefit our regulated distribution customers, but also to aid the state's natural gas producers in bringing more gas to market in Texas and elsewhere. Atmos Pipeline ­Texas' approximately 6,000-mile system crosses the state from far West Texas to near the Louisiana border and from the Oklahoma border south to near Houston. It is strategically located to transport Barnett shale gas as well as more production from other shale gas basins now under development in the state.  The competitive price of natural gas and its many other benefits--it's clean, abundant, efficient and domestic--make our product the most likely fuel to meet the United States' energy needs for decades to come. As the economy improves, we be-

lieve natural gas will become the fuel of choice for new housing, factories, power plants and alternative transportation.  Growing through acquisitions will continue to be part of our future strategy. We have an enviable record of acquiring utility properties with little dilution and integrating them successfully. For example, during the past decade, most natural gas distribution merger or acquisition transactions cost their acquirers about 10 times EBITDA, but ours averaged 7 to 8.5 times EBITDA.  We are a patient acquirer; we have made 10 major acquisitions since 1986. We also are one of the most efficient utility operators in the country, compared to our peers. We plan to pursue the acquisition of operations that we can run successfully and that make sense financially.  Our balance sheet is strong, with 48 percent equity at September 30, 2011. At fiscal year-end, we had $1.1 billion of total borrowing capacity, giving us ample liquidity for future needs and growth.  Taken altogether, we believe these strong, positive factors signify a favorable future outlook for Atmos Energy. For fiscal 2012, we expect our earnings will increase to between $2.30 and $2.40 per diluted share, excluding unrealized margins.  We appreciate the confidence shown by you, our investors, as well as by our 5,000 employees and our more than 3 million natural gas distribution customers. As Executive Chairman Robert W. Best has noted in previous annual reports, our purpose in business is to serve all our stakeholders--and to serve you well. That always stands as our No. 1 "blue chip" goal.

Kim R. Cocklin President and Chief Executive Officer November 22, 2011
* LEED® stands for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design and is a registered trademark of the nonprofit U.S. Green Building Council.  EBITDA, a common financial measure, stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.

24

AT M O S E N E R GY 2 011 S U M M A RY A N N UA L R E P O R T

