To our shareholders

Fiscal 2012 was an exceptional year. We reported our 10th consecutive year of higher annual earnings per share, and we paid higher annual cash dividends for our 29th consecutive year. Total shareholder return was 15 percent.  The accomplishment of these milestones resulted from the deep dedication and exceptional service provided by our employees to our stakeholders. Equally important was the continued focus on our top priority--the delivery of safe and reliable natural gas service to our customers and communities.  Our report this year highlights why Atmos Energy enjoys such a successful--some call it a unique--organizational culture. During nearly three decades of challenges--whether the economy was strong or weak, or the demand for natural gas was up or down--our employees have created superior shareholder value. We proudly call our culture AtmoSpirit, the values we live by.
Strategy

 In fiscal 2012, we achieved the following highlights. >  Our regulated operations continued to yield stable and predictable earnings, driven by a determined rate and regulatory strategy that created about $31 million of higher annual operating income. >  We invested a record $733 million of capital and completed the first year of a five-year plan to invest between $3.7 billion and $3.8 billion in our regulated infrastructure to improve safety and reliability. >  We completed the sale of our natural gas distribution assets in Missouri, Illinois and Iowa for approximately $128 million, making us more geographically efficient and able to focus on higher-growth areas. >  We entered into an agreement to sell our distribution assets in Georgia for approximately $141 million and expect to close the sale in late fiscal 2013. >  Our deferred tax rate changed from the sale of our distribution assets in Missouri, Illinois and Iowa, and it resulted in a $13.6 million tax benefit for fiscal 2012. >  We called for early redemption all of our outstanding 5.125 percent senior notes due January 2013 and made plans to issue new unsecured long-term notes. >  We strengthened our balance sheet by recording a $5.3 million charge to impair our remaining investment in two Kentucky gas gathering assets. >  We paid $1.38 per share in annual dividends for fiscal 2012, and the board of directors raised the annual indicated rate to $1.40 per share for fiscal 2013.

Our consolidated earnings come predominantly from distributing, transporting and storing natural gas through regulated utility assets in nine states. Our nonregulated gas marketing and optimization business complements our regulated operations.  Two of our three segments, natural gas distribution and regulated transmission and storage, contributed 98 percent of consolidated net income in fiscal 2012. We expect our regulated operations to continue to provide more than 90 percent of consolidated net income in fiscal 2013.  Our plans for growth are to maximize the value of our regulated assets through internal investments.  Starting in 1986, Atmos Energy pioneered a strategy of growing by acquiring natural gas distribution properties. By 2004, the company had completed 10 major acquisitions, forming an enviable portfolio of valuable regulated assets.  Today we believe we can create greater shareholder value by investing in these regulated assets than by pursuing acquisitions, given our present geographic size and the high multiples being paid for gas-utility asset sales.  Essentially, Atmos Energy's current strategy is to: · Maximize the regulated earnings capability of our natural gas distribution and pipeline operations; · Enhance shareholder value by investing in our regulated assets and growing the rate base of our regulated operations; and · Complement our regulated operations with selected and limited-risk nonregulated gas marketing and energy-optimization services.

14

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

Our plans for growth are to maximize the value of our regulated assets through internal investments.

Ralyn Fletcher, director of employment and employee relations and chair of the enterprisewide Culture Council, meets with the senior Management Committee to discuss new council initiatives for the company's programs.

Financial Results

Our strategy is working well. Earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2012 increased by 10 cents to $2.37 above the $2.27 earned in fiscal 2011.  Consolidated net income for fiscal 2012 was $216.7 million, compared to $207.6 million in fiscal 2011. Operating revenues for fiscal 2012 were $3.4 billion.  Capital expenditures increased by $109.9 million, year over year, to $732.9 million. We invested about 71 percent of these expenditures in pipeline safety and reliability improvements.  Our natural gas distribution operations focused on completing several important ratemaking initiatives. The positive outcomes from these proceedings help set the stage for growth in fiscal 2013 and beyond.  Our regulated intrastate transmission and storage operations, Atmos Pipeline­Texas, benefited from new rates approved in fiscal 2011 and from filings that took effect in fiscal years 2011 and 2012 under the Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program in Texas. GRIP allows statutory interim rate increases for capital expenditures.  Our nonregulated operations returned to profitability in fiscal 2012 despite anemic natural gas market conditions.

Lower consolidated gas sales volumes due to warmer weather and a decline in per-unit margins on gas sales hampered this segment's results.  To impair a remaining investment by Atmos Energy Holdings in two Kentucky natural gas gathering assets, we recorded a noncash charge of $5.3 million. In fiscal 2011, we had taken an $11.0 million charge that partially impaired these gathering assets.  We believe these impairments and a heightened focus on managing risks will help our nonregulated business be more successful. We will continue to expect no more than 10 percent of our future annual consolidated earnings from these operations.  During the year, we strengthened our long-term debt profile. In August 2012, we redeemed $250 million of 5.125 percent senior notes due January 2013.  In January 2013, we plan to issue $350 million of 30-year unsecured senior notes. The new issuance will extend the average maturity of our long-term debt from 12 years to 14.5 years. After the issuance, we project that our average weighted cost of long-term debt will be about 6.2 percent.

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

15

Our rate-design initiatives have made revenues from our regulated operations more stable, reliable and predictable.

Operational Developments

We continue to focus on earning as close as possible to our authorized rates of return by seeking improved rate designs in our ratemaking jurisdictions. Our rate-design initiatives have made revenues from our regulated operations more stable, reliable and predictable through: · Accelerated recovery on about 75 percent of our natural gas distribution gross margin; · Weather normalization, which minimizes weather effects, on about 97 percent of our natural gas distribution gross margin; and · Recovery of the gas portion of bad debts for about 75 percent of our natural gas distribution gross margin.  These favorable regulatory mechanisms help reduce the regulatory lag we experience as we replace our vintage cast iron pipe, steel mains and plastic distribution lines. They also eliminate the need to frequently file and litigate costly rate cases.  One of our largest capital projects is replacing steel service lines in our Texas service areas with new polyethylene pipe technology. During the past two years, our employees along with 350 contract crews have verified, modified or replaced more than 100,000 steel service lines in some 40 cities.  In addition to improving safety, we are investing in projects to help provide excellent customer service.  A major project is our new Customer Service System, which is now in the testing phase and is expected to begin service in fiscal 2013. It should modernize our billing, dispatch and other customer services.  We also are continuing to build an advanced metering infrastructure by installing wireless radio transmitters on conventional gas meters. Wireless meter reading improves billing accuracy and lowers operating and maintenance costs.  So far, we have installed about 280,000 transmitters in Louisiana, Texas and Colorado. We expect to add around 90,000 more during fiscal 2013 in Louisiana, Texas, Colorado, Mississippi and Tennessee.  In August 2012, we completed the sale of all of our Missouri, Illinois and Iowa natural gas distribution assets to Liberty Energy Corp., an affiliate of Algonquin Power

& Utilities Corp., for a cash price of approximately $128 million. The sale reduced the total number of meters we serve by approximately 3 percent, or 84,000 meters.  We also agreed to sell to Liberty Energy our Georgia natural gas distribution assets, which have about 64,000 meters, for approximately $141 million. Upon receiving regulatory approvals, we expect to close the sale in late fiscal 2013. After the closing, more than 80 percent of our distribution customers will be located in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi.  Our nonregulated operations continued to be affected by unfavorable natural gas market conditions. Warmer than normal winter weather and historically high natural gas storage levels due to strong domestic natural gas production caused market prices and demand to stay relatively low throughout fiscal 2012.  Our consolidated nonregulated delivered gas sales volumes declined by 9 percent in fiscal 2012 to 351.6 billion cubic feet, and per-unit margins fell by 2 cents per thousand cubic feet due to limited basis spreads.  Despite these challenging conditions and the effect of the impairment charge, Atmos Energy Holdings returned to profitability in fiscal 2012. Furthermore, it realigned its operations to increase efficiency. It remains a strong and respected regional competitor, retaining its many customers and winning new ones. Its focus is on lowering risks, increasing annual sales and improving margins.
Board and Management Changes

In May, Richard A. Sampson was named a member of our board of directors and of its Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee. Dick retired in 2012 as the managing director and adviser in the strategic client group of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in Denver. He has had an impressive career counseling large institutional clients and directing investments for JPMorgan Chase's definedbenefit and defined-contribution plans, with more than $25 billion in plan assets under management. We are pleased to have a person with his extensive experience and depth of financial knowledge serving our shareholders.  In accordance with our governance guidelines concerning mandatory retirement of directors, Charles K. Vaughan will retire from our board of directors no

16

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

Kim Cocklin, Atmos Energy's president and CEO, practices one of the key tenets of AtmoSpirit--Be here now!-- by talking at length with hundreds of employees at company meetings.

later than the 2013 annual meeting. We thank him for his 55 years of leadership and valuable contributions and for his service as chairman of the company from 1983 to 1997 and as lead director since 2003. More than any other person, Charles has been Charles K. Vaughan responsible for developing our strategic vision and for laying the foundation for our success. We are discussing with him how the board and our management team can continue to draw upon his wisdom and experience in the future.  Effective December 31, 2012, Lee E. Schlessman will step down as honorary director from our board of directors. Lee led Greeley Gas Company, which his father, Gerald, founded in 1944, until Atmos Energy acquired the company in 1993 and later renamed it the ColoradoKansas Division. He served on the board from 1993 to

1998, when he retired and was named honorary director. Lee has remained very active in business as president of Dolo Investment Company and has been a major benefactor to charitable causes as chairman of the Schlessman Family Foundation. We sincerely Lee E. Schlessman appreciate not only his active involvement on our board, but also his dedication to community development and his civic leadership.  On October 1, 2012, Fred E. Meisenheimer retired as our senior vice president and chief financial officer. During his 12 years with the company, Fred was an outstanding leader and significant contributor. He developed an exceptional team, focused on best practices and installed strong internal controls. Fred's work gave the board of directors confidence in the integrity and accuracy of our accounting information and all of our financial operations.

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

17

The compelling prospects to modernize our system, expand our rate base and increase annual earnings make for a very favorable outlook for Atmos Energy.

 Bret J. Eckert, who joined the company as a senior vice president and a member of the Management Committee in June 2012, became chief financial officer on October 1. Bret's 22 years of experience in the regulated natural gas distribution industry includes extensive experience with Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and filings; regulatory accounting and reporting; equity and debt offerings; mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; and technical accounting and financial matters. We feel fortunate to have Bret's leadership, experience, knowledge and integrity on our management team.  Also on October 1, 2012, Gary L. Schlessman retired as president of our Colorado-Kansas Division. Gary started at Greeley Gas Company in 1979 in service and construction. He worked as a regional manager, marketing manager and marketing vice president before advancing to division president in 1993. He has been a tireless leader and contributor in the many cities and towns the division serves. We thank him for his long service and many contributions to our company and industry.  Gary W. Gregory, who had served as president of the West Texas Division since 2004, became Colorado-Kansas Division president on October 1, 2012, and David J. Park, who had been vice president of rates and regulatory affairs in the Mid-Tex Division, was promoted to president of the West Texas Division at that time.
Future Growth

and betterment. Texas also continues to be the country's largest producer and consumer of natural gas--a situation that poses unique and outsize growth prospects. Moreover, the state's balanced utility regulatory policies generally allow recovery of most of our spending within 12 months.  We plan to invest significant amounts to fortify, repair, replace and replenish portions of our Texas intrastate natural gas transmission and storage system.  Atmos Pipeline­Texas' projects for line expansion, compression and interconnection will add more delivery capacity for utility customers in underserved areas, secure long-term gas supplies, such as natural gas associated with shale oil drilling in the Permian Basin of West Texas as well as gas production from the Barnett Shale around Fort Worth, and enhance the safety and reliability of our 5,700mile transmission system.  At the start of fiscal 2012, our rate base totaled about $3.9 billion. By the end of fiscal 2016, we expect it to have risen to between $5.7 billion and $5.9 billion, growing during the five-year period at a compound annual rate of between 8.0 percent and 8.5 percent.  For fiscal 2013, we expect approval of between $90 million and $110 million in additional annual operating income from rate actions.
The Natural Gas Opportunity

We expect to achieve predictable and stable earnings from our regulated operations. We project investing between $3.7 billion and $3.8 billion in capital projects during the fiscal years 2012 through 2016.  Our capital expenditures in fiscal 2013 should range between $770 million and $790 million. We expect again to spend more than 70 percent of this total on projects to modernize and improve the safety and reliability of our regulated infrastructure.  We forecast that we will deploy about 70 percent of fiscal 2013 expenditures in Texas. Atmos Energy's extensive Texas distribution area--the largest in the state--and our major intrastate pipeline offer many opportunities for expansion

We believe this is an opportune time to invest in our regulated assets. Investments that expand our rate base have had minimal effects on our customers' bills because lower natural gas fuel costs have essentially offset the costs of improving our infrastructure.  Natural gas stands today as the best fuel source to meet the United States' energy needs well into the 22nd century. Just imagine what this means: natural gas is domestic, clean, abundant, reliable, versatile and relatively low cost energy that the country can rely on for at least a century. Natural gas offers the ideal fuel choice for housing, industry, electricity generation and many forms of transportation. Atmos Energy intends to pursue this opportunity to benefit our investors, customers and communities.

18

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

Five-Year Capital Expenditures
Dollars in millions

Five-Year Rate Base Growth
Dollars in millions

$900

$6,000 $5,000

$600

$4,000 $3,000

$300

$2,000 $1,000

$0 2012 2013E 2014E2015E 2016E

$0 2012 2013E 2014E2015E 2016E n Natural Gas Distribution n Regulated Transmission and Storage

Fiscal 2012 was the first year of our five-year plan to invest between $3.7 billion and $3.8 billion in our natural gas distribution and our regulated transmission and storage operations. The expenditures will modernize and improve operations and add to safety and reliability.

We project that the rate base of our regulated operations will grow to between $5.7 billion and $5.9 billion by the end of fiscal 2016. This significant increase in our rate base, in turn, should be the main driver of our consolidated net income.

 Although we remain interested in acquisitions, we no longer consider them our engine for growth. Opportunities to invest in our core business offer much better returns than acquisitions can provide.  To fund our increased capital spending, we will rely on our ample liquidity, strong balance sheet, solid credit ratings and consistent cash flows to give us flexible financing options.  At September 30, 2012, we had about $1.0 billion of total borrowing capacity, which is sufficient to meet our future needs. Our balance sheet is very strong, with 48 percent equity at year-end. Additionally, we have solid investment-grade credit ratings from all three major rating agencies.  We have a very attractive growth strategy. During our current five-year capital spending program, we expect to invest sufficiently to grow our rate base at a compound annual rate of 8.0 percent to 8.5 percent. That should equate to growth in consolidated earnings by the end of fiscal 2016 at a compound annual rate of 6 percent to 8 percent. Total annual shareholder return should be between 10 percent and 12 percent.  The compelling prospects to modernize our system, expand our rate base and increase annual earnings make for a very favorable outlook for Atmos Energy. For fiscal 2013, we expect earnings per diluted share, excluding

unrealized margins and any gain on the sale of our Georgia assets, will increase to between $2.40 and $2.50.
At the Heart of Matters

Executive Chairman Robert W. Best regularly says that a company, like an individual, is only as strong as its heart. Atmos Energy's people represent our heart. Our nearly 4,800 employees deliver excellent service to our more than 3 million customers.  By living our values, by taking to heart AtmoSpirit, our employees produce exceptional performance, consistently enabling us to reward our shareholders, investors, communities and employees who all profit from our dependable and long-term success.  On behalf of the company's board of directors and management, I express our heart-felt thanks to the men and women who serve not just our customers, but also you, our investors, and all our stakeholders.

Kim R. Cocklin President and Chief Executive Officer November 15, 2012

ATMOS ENERGY 2012 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

19

