 Atmos Energy turned in solid results in a year that was difficult for many natural gas utilities and for energy companies, in general. We finished all work to close our acquisition of Mississippi Valley Gas Company, launched our new nationwide brand as Atmos EnergyTM, initiated a major program to raise our customer service to a new level of excellence, added $15.8 million in future annual
revenues from a settled tariff adjust- ment, reduced our doubtful accounts by $26.2 million and achieved a significant increase in earnings from our nonutility operations.
Net income for the year was $59.7 million, a 6 percent increase over the $56.1 million earned in fiscal 2001. Earnings per diluted share of $1.45 were 2 cents lower than in fiscal 2001 because of a year-over-year increase of about 3.1 million average diluted shares outstanding. Return on average share- holders’ equity was 9.9 percent.
Atmos Energy paid cash dividends in fiscal 2002 of $1.18 per share. On November 13, 2002, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend rate by 2 percent to an annual indicated dividend of $1.20 per share — our 15th consecutive annual dividend increase.
Total return to shareholders in fiscal 2002 was
4.9 percent. That compares with an average total return for our industry peers of 4.3 percent and
a negative return for most of the key stock indices.
Operating revenues were $950.8 million, compared with $1,442.3 million in fiscal 2001. The decline resulted mainly from two factors. First, natural gas commodity prices, which are passed through directly to customers, fell from the record levels in fiscal 2001 when prices spiked at an all-time high. Second, the milder winter in fiscal 2002 reduced our
throughput from 217.8 billion cubic feet in fiscal 2001 to 208.5 Bcf in 2002.
Gross profit went up 5 percent from $374.7 million in fiscal 2001 to $392.6 million. A major factor was the contribution from the Louisiana Gas Service assets and the 279,000 Louisiana customers we acquired in July 2001.
Utility operations reduce costs
Our utility operations contributed 72 percent of our fiscal 2002
net income.
Utility operations benefited from much lower natural gas commodity prices. Our system’s average gas cost
in fiscal 2002 declined 44 percent to $3.81 per million cubic feet from our average gas cost in fiscal 2001 of $6.83 per Mcf.
We are particularly proud of the successful efforts by our utility employees to collect past-due accounts. Their efforts significantly lowered the provision for
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Total Return in Fiscal 2002
S5UTIL UTIL SPX INDU PEER ATO S6GASU AVG
10%
5%
0%
-5%
-10%
-15%
-20%
-25%
-30%
-35%
-35.6%
-40%
Atmos Energy’s 2002 total return to shareholders surpassed most major market indices as well as
Key: ATO - Atmos Energy UTIL - Dow Jones Utilities Index
’   S6GASU - Standard
6.5% 4.9%
4.3%
-12.5%
        -20.4% -25.5%
     ’
& Poor’s Small-Cap Gas Index
SPX -
  S5UTIL -
3

Energy. To The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad connecting Durango and
 
  Silverton, Colorado. Atmos Energy.
And to the 1.7 million other customers across 12 states who rely
on their connection to

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
doubtful accounts below its historic level of about four-tenths of 1 percent of revenues. Their efforts also contributed to a total year-over-year savings of $26.2 million.
It’s gratifying to note that we achieved an earnings increase despite weather that was
6 percent warmer than normal and
18 percent warmer than in fiscal
2001. Weather continued to be a major factor underlying our earnings. During the winter heating season of 2001-2002, we had in place weather insurance to mitigate any severe effects of warm weather on earnings. This insurance will continue in force during the 2002-2003 heating season.
Our utility operations had many achievements in 2002, but
three in particular will create long- lasting benefits.
One was the successful launch of our new Atmos Energy national brand. It reflects a major initiative we’ve undertaken to raise our customer service
to new standards of excellence. We believe that our strengthened identity and service improvements will benefit us as we expand our utility business.
A second achievement was finishing all the regulatory and financing work to acquire Mississippi Valley
Gas. On October 31, 2002, we received the Mississippi Public Service Commission’s final order, the last of many state and federal regulatory approvals needed to close the transaction, which was completed on December 3, 2002.
A third achievement was an agreement with the Louisiana Public Service Commission
regarding a rate stabilization adjustment for our Louisiana utility operations. The agreement will
add $15.8 million annually to rev- enues during the first two years, beginning in November 2002, and $12.2 million annually thereafter. The way the agreement is structured also will help reduce our sensitivity to weather in Louisiana, where our largest utility division is located.
Nonutility operations continue growing
Atmos Energy benefited in fiscal 2002
from improved results in nonutility operations. These operations contributed 28 percent
of net income, with gains coming largely from the Woodward Marketing unit of Atmos Energy Marketing.
In 2001, Atmos Energy acquired the remaining
55 percent interest in Woodward Marketing that it did not already own. Woodward Marketing’s business primarily is marketing natural gas and gas transportation services to wholesale industrial customers and municipalities. It also makes gas trades that have limited risks.
 Earnings per Diluted Share Compared with Winter Heating Degree Days
Earnings Per Diluted Share
$1.50
$1.00
$0.50
$0.00
$1.47
$1.45 4,124
     $1.14
   2000 2001 2002
2,062
0 Degree Days
Our goal is to make our consolidated earnings less sensitive to the effects of weather.
6

 Woodward Marketing turned in impressive contribu- tions from increased volumes due to acquisitions
we made in 2001. These include the nonutility assets of LGS Natural Gas, a large natural gas storage field in Kentucky and two gas marketing companies. Woodward also realized increased sales of wholesale gas, favorable margins on gas trading and gains on sales of gas from inventory.
Woodward Marketing differs fundamentally
from other gas marketing companies that have been experiencing difficulty. Five of its strengths
stood out in 2002:
Years of success Woodward Marketing has grown steadily throughout its 17-year history. It is an established competitor in the natural gas marketing business, and its employees are highly experi- enced in this business.
Excellent service Woodward Marketing knows natural gas marketing and how to serve its customers extremely well; in industry surveys, customers consistently rank it as one of the best in customer service.
Continual contributions Woodward Marketing’s contribution to Atmos Energy’s consolidated net income increased every quarter of fiscal 2002.
Strategic acquisitions Woodward Marketing’s volumes have grown by making strategic acquisitions and by managing other Atmos Energy assets.
Stable and growing book of business The bulk of Woodward Marketing’s business is built on long-term relationships and excellent customer service. Woodward has retained approximately 90 percent of its customers since it was founded in 1985. It has been ranked consistently among the top three mid-tier gas marketers in the United States. Its continuity
of business and commitment to service have created
stable and growing contributions to our earnings.
For these reasons, we take great confidence in the outlook for our nonutility operations. This past
July, others showed their confidence, too, when Woodward Marketing renegotiated its uncommitted demand credit facility and increased the facility’s limit by $85 million to $210 million. This increased credit facility will be used to support our growing gas marketing business.
Our nonutility operations — gas marketing and trading, storage and transportation, and
small distributed power generation — are vital and honorable businesses. We have great confidence in the future of Woodward Marketing and our other nonutility units.
 Atmos Energy Dividend History
$0.00 ‘03
‘02 ‘01 ‘00 ‘99 ‘98 ‘97 ‘96 ‘95 ‘94 ‘93 ‘92 ‘91 ‘90 ‘89 ‘88 ‘87 ‘86 ‘85 ‘84
1.00 1.20
1.20 1.18 1.16
1.14 1.10
1.06 1.01
.98 .96
.91 .82
.20
.40
.60
.80
.79 .75
.74
.73 .71
                 .54 .50
  .40 .35
 Atmos Energy paid dividends during fiscal 2002 of $1.18 per share. Our annual indicated dividend rate for fiscal 2003 is $1.20.
7

Energy. To the Hazelton family of Chase County, Kansas, where hard work
 
  and self-reliance are treasured values.
And to our many
other rural farm tap customers who
read and report their
gas consumption
online or over the phone.

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Acquiring Mississippi Valley Gas
On October 31, 2002, we received the final regulatory approval needed to complete our acquisition of privately held Mississippi Valley Gas Company, the largest gas provider in Mississippi. We completed the transaction on December 3, 2002, paying $75 million cash and $75 million of Atmos Energy common stock for the company and repaying approximately $45 million of its long-term debt. We expect that Mississippi Valley Gas’ operations will be slightly accretive to our fiscal 2003 earnings.
I have often referred to Atmos Energy as a “patient acquirer.” We have not jumped at every opportunity and, as a result, we have not regretted the acquisitions we have made. Our Mississippi Valley Gas transaction took us 14 months to complete from the time we signed the agreement, largely because Mississippi is a new market for us. In other recent acquisitions, we were already operating in the states and had a track record for regulators to evaluate.
In that regard, we spent much time meeting
with the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff to assure the Mississippi regulators that we will maintain Mississippi Valley Gas’ high standards of customer service and will contribute many improvements
of our own. Our information technologies, for instance, will add significant value over time.
Acquisitions like Mississippi Valley Gas have been the main engine of growth for Atmos Energy since 1986. Mississippi Valley Gas is our ninth major acquisition. We are gaining approximately 260,000 utility customers, and our expanded customer
base will further spread our overhead and lower the costs for all our customers. Adding Mississippi customers will help us achieve greater synergies across our system.
Longer-range, we will benefit from entering a growing new market. We will increase our existing diversity of economic activity, weather patterns, classes of customers and ratemaking provisions. Mississippi Valley Gas’ rates are weather-normalized and include provisions for monthly purchased gas cost adjustments and semi-annual rate adjustments. Its rate structure
is designed to mitigate the effects of weather, provide predictable and stable earnings and cash flow, and reward the utility for its excellent customer service. We believe it will fit well into our system and
will make long-term contributions to our earnings.
Earnings expected to grow 5%–7%
Going forward, our five-year projections show
an average annual growth rate in Atmos Energy’s net income of 5 percent to 7 percent. We plan to achieve this growth — and help our stock price — primarily through two strategic goals.
One is additional revenue from our utility operations as a result of rate filings. We project adding up to $66 million in annual revenues during the next five years. These increases will tend to occur more in
10

 the early years than in the later years. Already, our successful tariff case in Louisiana has contributed $15.8 million of the expected total. Fiscal 2003 will be a test year — which is what regulators use to determine our rate base and our allowed rate of return — in Texas, Kansas and possibly other states.
Part of our rate strategy is to seek a weather normal- ization adjustment (WNA) in rates to mitigate the effects of weather on our earnings and our customers’ bills. Weather normalization adjusts gas bills down- ward when temperatures during the heating season are much colder than normal and WNA increases the bills when temperatures are warmer than normal.
Over time, the plus and minus weather normalization adjustments balance each other out statistically. But as a more practical matter, WNA helps consumers better budget their energy costs and allows utilities to earn a return closer to their authorized return. Many states in which Atmos Energy operates have approved WNA in our rates or in those of other gas utilities. Obtaining WNA in jurisdictions where we now do not have it will help protect our customers from large changes in their gas bills. Doing so also will allow
us to cancel our weather insurance, saving us about $4 million a year in premiums.
A second major goal is to increase our nonutility earnings at an average annual rate of 10 percent. We intend to achieve this growth by making more
nonutility acquisitions and by expanding our nonutility markets. Woodward Marketing’s strong base of business numbers approximately 800 industrial and municipal customers today. Growing our nonutility customer base and retaining present customers will help us meet our earnings target.
We also will continue to focus on controlling
future operation and maintenance expenses. We are proud of our ranking as one of the most efficient pure natural gas providers in the industry. However, like all businesses today, we face higher pension, post-retirement and medical costs. As a company with a goal of being an employer of choice, we do not believe it is right to shift all the extra burdens onto our employees and retirees and their dependents. Therefore, Atmos Energy is absorbing a proportionate share of the increase while also asking our employees and retirees to pay a greater share.
Atmos Energy’s outlook
Increased utility revenues and nonutility growth will drive our earnings at an expected growth rate of 5 percent to 7 percent a year during the next five years.
Our utility earnings base will grow with the acquisition of Mississippi Valley Gas and through future rate filings.
Rate filings during the next five years are projected to add up to $66 million in revenues; in many filings, we will ask for weather normalization to protect our investors and our customers from abnormal weather patterns.
11

Energy. To historic Jonesborough, Tennessee, where the citizens take pride
 
  in their town’s storied past. a cherished tradition.
And to the 2,338 employees of
Atmos Energy, whose Spirit of ServiceSM is

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We will continue to control our costs. We already are one of the most efficient pure gas utilities based on customers served per employee and operation and maintenance expense per customer.
Our nonutility operations will grow through new strategic acquisitions and will take advantage of market opportunities that become available.
We intend to remain faithful to our strategy of running our utilities well, growing our nonutility business
and making sound acquisitions.
Capital spending rises
Our capital expenditures during fiscal
2002 were $132.3 million, up from
$113.1 million for the same period
in 2001. The $19.2 million increase
was primarily due to spending on the Louisiana Gas Service assets we acquired and full ownership of Woodward Marketing. Additionally, spending was elevated due to the purchase of additional billing software licenses and integration expenditures for Mississippi Valley Gas.
For fiscal 2003, we expect capital expenditures
will increase primarily due to $8 million in higher capitalized employee benefits and an additional
$18 million to $20 million for Mississippi Valley Gas operations.
We intend to limit our nongrowth spending to remain at or below our overall depreciation levels and our growth spending to earn our cost of capital or better.
National energy policy needed
One disappointment to me in 2002 was the inability of Congress to agree upon a national energy policy. Although many bills were introduced in both the Senate and House of Representatives, a final compromise bill faltered. Congressional leaders promise a renewed effort next January.
The federal Energy Information Administration’s Annual Energy Outlook for 2003, which was issued in November 2002, predicts our country’s dependence on foreign oil and natural gas will
continue to grow through 2025. The EIA report is the government’s best forecast of future U.S. energy supply, demand and prices. Among other things, the report finds U.S. dependence on foreign oil will jump to 68 percent in 2025, up from 55 percent in 2001. Imported natural gas will account for 22 percent of U.S. demand by 2025, up from 16 percent in 2001.
Natural gas, in particular, should be the focus
of new development by our country since it offers so many benefits. All but 1 percent of the gas consumed in the U.S. comes from North America, making it our most reliable fuel source. Gas is the
 Operation and Maintenance Expense per Customer
$150
100
50
0
$146
$136 $135
$130
    $101
  ‘98
‘99 ‘00 ‘01 ‘02
Controlling operation and maintenance expense has made Atmos Energy one of the most efficient pure gas distributors in the United States.
14

 cleanest burning fuel, making it our most flexible fuel for direct use as well as for generating electricity. Potential gas reserves are abundant, with many areas in the lower 48 states, in Alaska and on the outer continental shelf still untapped. All that is needed to take greater advantage of the benefits of natural
gas is a sound policy that promotes development, storage, transportation and wise use.
Looking at 2003 and beyond
As we enter our 2003 fiscal year, we at Atmos Energy are mindful that this year marks the corporation’s 20th anniversary. With roots dating back to 1906, the company has enjoyed a long and proud heritage.
During the past two decades, Atmos Energy has grown from a regional West Texas natural gas utility serving 300,000 customers into one of America’s largest natural gas providers. Yet, as we have grown, we have respected our past and the values it represents — integrity, honesty, value and community service.
We have worked to maintain the warmth and spirit of a small company while achieving the savings and efficiencies of a large one. Of the more than 1,000 cities and towns we now serve, most have populations of less than 5,000. In all these communities, our employees are known and respected because they stand for Atmos Energy. By doing their jobs so well — serving customers safely, reliably, efficiently and courteously — they have built Atmos Energy’s enviable reputation.
I thank them for all they do. And I would note, it was with complete confidence that Pat Reddy, our chief financial officer, and I signed and certified
the accuracy and fairness of our financial statements and disclosures under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Atmos Energy’s financial statements fully comply with all new and previous financial reporting requirements because of our employees’ integrity.
Personally, I am more excited today than at any time during the past five years about the prospects for Atmos Energy. We have remained faithful to the strategy set in 1997, and that course has continued to reward our shareholders while serving our customers and providing for our employees. You should expect to see more of the same in the coming years.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, management and employees, thank you for your investment
in Atmos Energy and your continued trust in us.
Sincerely,
Robert W. Best
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer December 6, 2002
  15
