s
  ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION | 1
ATMOS ENERGY INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT
     ToOurShareholders
Atmos Energy is a company driven by investments: in our communities, in innovation, in our operational assets and in our employees. We see this in our daily efforts to improve the lives of others and to contribute to our communities. Our 4,600 employees are committed to serving our customers exceptionally well while ensuring customer and employee safety in the 1,400 communities we serve. For Atmos Energy, fiscal year 2018 marked another successful milepost in our long, sustainable journey to being the nation’s safest natural gas company.
    We invested $1.5 billion in modernizing our transmission and distribution system. Earnings per diluted share increased for the 16th consecutive year, and dividends increased for the 34th consecutive year. We were recognized as the Most Trusted Utility Brand in the South by Market Strategies International in their annual Cogent Reports Utility Trusted Brand and Customer Engagement: Residential Study. And our employees continue to execute our long-term growth strategy of investing in the modernization of our system, mitigating risk, and providing exceptional service to our customers in the communities where we live and work.
Today, there is heightened concern over the age and safety of our nation’s infrastructure, which includes roads and bridges, as well as water, electrical and natural gas delivery systems. We recognized this need long ago. We have been increasing our rate of pipe replacement each year, and it is now among the highest of our peers nationwide. Over the last 10 years, we have invested $9 billion, and we plan to spend $9-$10 billion over the next five years. Our long-term strategy of investing in safety and reliability benefits our customers, employees, shareholders and the communities we serve.
Twenty years ago, we established the guiding principles that define our culture, which we refer to as AtmoSpirit. These principles – Inspire Trust, Be at Your Best, Bring Out the Best in Others, Make a Difference and Focus on the Future – summarize the values, beliefs and behaviors we embrace as a company. They are the foundation upon which we will meet the needs of all of the stakeholders who are vital to the long-term sustainability of Atmos Energy. Our employees have followed these principles without seeking recognition or awards, and it is this attitude that will propel our future.
Safely owning and operating more than 75,000 miles of distribution and transmission pipelines, many of which serve some of the fastest-growing communities in the country, requires a strong partnership with all of our stakeholders. That is why we are introducing our first integrated annual report. This report will highlight not only our fiscal 2018 financial performance, but also a few of the many things we do as a company every day to meet the needs of all of
our stakeholders.
We appreciate your interest in Atmos Energy, and we look forward to continuing on our journey to be the nation’s safest natural gas company.
  Kim R. Cocklin
Executive Chairman of the Board
Michael E. Haefner November 15, 2018 President and
Chief Executive Officer
