Letter to Shareholders

211 Mt. Airy Road Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920 December 22, 2006 Fellow Shareholders: Strategy...Execution...Culture ­ these are the critical elements to our success. We want to outline how we are addressing each of them as we work to build consistent, sustainable increases in shareholder value. Strategy: Leadership in Intelligent Communications From a strategic standpoint, we have a compelling vision of our future ­ a vision that leverages our strengths, differentiates our offerings, and enhances our leadership position. It is a vision that is built on Intelligent Communications. Intelligent Communications is about embedding communications solutions into our customers' business processes to help them transform their businesses and innovate their business models. It is about helping enable customers to increase revenues, improve productivity and grow profits. As the evolution toward Intelligent Communications continues, software becomes a much larger part of the IP telephony platform. This plays well to our advantage. For the past five years, we have been committed to Linux, open standards and leadership in our software platform. We believe that we are well ahead of our competitors in this regard and we plan to press this advantage in a couple of different ways. We are focused on extending the value of our communication management software as customers adopt technology architectures and frameworks that open up new possibilities for interaction among employees, customers, business partners and suppliers. We also plan to build on our leadership position in contact center applications by extending the core attributes and functionality of the contact center across the entire enterprise, creating in many ways a virtual contact center, and also by deepening and strengthening our technology solutions in this area. In unified communications we plan to build off of our strengths in messaging and multimedia conferencing for collaboration and driving employee productivity. We also are working more closely with our business partners to integrate our offerings and develop new solutions. Our partnerships and strategic alliances are critical to our strategy going forward. Our services business will continue to be an important differentiator for us and we are aligning it more closely to support our Intelligent Communications solutions. As a result, we are enhancing the skill sets of our services professionals and adding to our professional services team, which gives us important capabilities as networks become more multi-vendor and applications-driven.

I-1

Execution: Getting into Fighting Shape

Letter to Shareholders

The success of any strategy depends on how well it is executed. We are sharply focused on getting our company into fighting shape to better compete ­ and win ­ in our marketplace. One of the major steps we have taken in this regard is to organize the company to achieve rapid decisionmaking, minimize cost and complexity, and improve investment alignment. We created a new position, chief operating officer, to bring our product and services business segments, sales, and the key support functions of IT, procurement, and supply chain, under one roof. Our approach here is two-pronged: to drive revenue growth and to improve operational efficiency. We believe there are many untapped opportunities to grow ­ in areas ranging from IP telephony systems, to communications software and applications, to professional services. By focusing our investments and by enhancing the skills of our organization, we will be better positioned to capture these opportunities and enhance our leadership position. While we work to drive revenue growth, we are also moving quickly to improve our cost structure and our competitiveness. We are undertaking an intensive review of our portfolio of solutions and services to determine the appropriate level of investment. Much of the portfolio is correctly aligned to support our strategy and we expect to continue to invest accordingly. The parts that are not ­ the areas that do not serve our strategic interests ­ will be targeted for disinvestment. We are also investing in lower cost regions, such as India. Lastly, we see opportunities to increase our efficiency and improve our processes globally. Our focus here is on enhancing productivity and eliminating redundancies ­ and in general to work smarter and faster. To support our growth initiatives, and to get our company into fighting shape, we need to have the right employees in the right places. This means reducing headcount in areas that do not support our strategic goals, and in areas where our performance is not up to par, and adding staff and resources in high potential areas. Consequently, late in fiscal 2006 we initiated a plan to restructure our workforce. The resulting cost savings from this action will be used to offset increased costs and expenses and we expect that a portion also will be reinvested in our business. Culture: Success, Integrity, Urgency Companies that win have winning cultures ­ and building such a culture within Avaya is a top priority. We have articulated a set of core cultural values that will drive and transform our company and we will be holding people accountable to those values. Integrity tops the list. Putting the customer first is vital. Urgency, speed, simplicity, destroying complexity, solving problems, getting results: these are vital to our success. Our company operates in a dynamic, global market environment, with strong competitors and a fast-changing landscape. It is essential that we leverage our strengths most effectively while working faster and smarter to maintain our edge and enhance our leadership. Our goal here is to reinvigorate our culture ­ to build off of and be proud of our more than 100 year heritage in voice telephony, but at the same time, to capture the vibrance and entrepreneurial spirit of a company that is only six years old. This is about more than simply doing things right. It is about optimizing our collective efforts so that we, as a company, are focused on doing the right things to grow market share, win new customers, improve profitability and build value. It is about each of our employees in all of our markets and across all of our businesses contributing to our corporate strategy, improving collaboration, and capturing opportunities that add value to our company.

I-2

2007: Building on our Strengths As we move through 2007, we clearly enjoy significant strengths. We are a leader in our enterprise telephony market and we are helping to lead the transition to IP telephony and Intelligent Communications. In all, we have shipped almost 12 million IP lines, with more than 4 million IP lines shipped in fiscal 2006. We have a strong portfolio of solutions, as evidenced by the 9 percent growth in sales of products in fiscal 2006 compared to fiscal 2005. We have a very strong balance sheet ­ approximately $900 million in cash and no debt as of September 30, 2006. Our goal is to leverage and build on these strengths to improve the level and consistency of our performance. We will do this by focusing on three key areas: strategy, execution and culture. This will enable us to further differentiate our company and our offerings, enhance our market leadership, drive our growth, improve efficiency and instill a commitment to success. In a short time, we have made solid progress in each of these areas and we look forward to reporting on our continued progress to you in building shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support.

Letter to Shareholders

Sincerely, Louis J. D'Ambrosio President and Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Thurk Chief Operating Officer

I-3

