211 Mt. Airy Road Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920 Donald K. Peterson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer January 9, 2004 Dear Shareholder: In fiscal 2003, the hard work we carried out in the first two years of our existence really started to yield fruit. I say "started," because I believe we have just begun to show what a leaner, focused Avaya can do. Nevertheless, it was a positive, eventful year on all fronts. We strengthened our balance sheet, improving our liquidity and removing doubts about our financial foundation We continued our focus this year on improving our cash flow, and growing earnings and revenue. The actions we began three years ago, combined with the steps we took this year, contributed to significant progress. During the year, we retired nearly $400 million in face value, or approximately 42%, of our Liquid Yield OptionTM Notes; amended our bank credit facility; and sold an additional 34.5 million shares of stock, resulting in greatly increased financial flexibility. A change in the U.S. management pension plan, which we announced near the end of the fiscal year, reduces our future cash outlays to the pension plan, while aligning us with the practices of competitors and other technology companies. These moves raised the investment community's confidence in Avaya, as we ensured our stability and gained the operating leverage needed to fuel growth. We continued to reinvigorate our product-and-service portfolio with new introductions and upgrades In our market space, constant innovation is necessary to stay competitive, and in fiscal 2003 we continued to differentiate ourselves in all of our go-to-market categories. Since the inception of Avaya, we have offered customers a compelling two-pronged proposition: the benefits of the communications technology of the future--Internet Protocol (IP) telephony--and the ability to evolve to that state at the path, and pace, of their choice. For instance, our IP telephony solutions work across multiple platforms and generations, yet preserve traditional features, such as emergency 9-1-1 calling, and accommodations for sightand hearing-impaired people. This has served as an important strategic differentiator of Avaya. To this foundation we introduced a new suite of IP-based software that brings together the Company's marketleading applications in telephony, contact centers, messaging and unified communication. The integrated suite-- MultiVantaget Communications Applications--features our flagship IP telephony software, Avaya Communication Manager. This suite makes it easier for enterprises to deploy and manage a range of innovative communications capabilities throughout an enterprise. It enables organizations to rapidly adapt to constantly changing business requirements, such as increasing employee mobility, and raise the quality of customer service. Following that successful deployment, we introduced Avaya Enterprise Branch Connect, which extends the advanced features and complete functionality of the MultiVantage suite from a central location to any size office, even home offices. This approach goes a long way toward erasing the traditional limitations of what people could accomplish for work when away from their main locations.
* Liquid Yield Option Notes is a trademark of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.

I-1

We met customers' concerns over the security of IP applications with five new "security gateways" that not only protect communications, but simplify the deployment of IP telephony applications on converged communications networks. Also on the applications front, we introduced Avaya Modular Messaging, which enables workers to easily access and manage voice and fax messages in both IP and traditional telecom network environments. And we made it possible for enterprises to use our Unified Communication Center on their IBM Lotust Domino platforms. For small and medium businesses, we enhanced our already robust Avaya IP Office, which enables businesses from two to 256 users to take advantage of the benefits of IP telephony. We've been rewarded with brisk sales and even quicker gains in market leadership. At the same time, many small and medium customers continue to prefer traditional telephony systems, and in fiscal 2003 we shipped our one millionth PARTNERt system. In the Avaya Global Services business, we strive to help our customers deal with networking and communications issues from design, to deployment, to maintenance and management. This has become increasingly important as the worlds of voice and data have converged. So we created new services offers and tools to help enterprises evolve their multi-vendor, voice and data networks into secure and reliable IP telephony converged networks. These new capabilities are offered as a single point of accountability, to again help our customers effectively evolve their investments at their own path and pace. Also in the year we introduced multi-vendor voice services to support enterprises that have, through mergers or otherwise, voice systems from vendors other than Avaya. This generally reduces the number of contracts those companies must carry, simplifying their operations and offering opportunities for reducing expenses. We created new "solutions" -- pre-packaged combinations of our products and services -- to make it easier for our customers to select and deploy communications for solving specific business challenges In addition to Avaya Enterprise Branch Connect, referenced above, we introduced Avaya Global Connect Solutions, assisting enterprises establishing international contact centers; and Avaya Continuity Connect Solutions, to help businesses protect their mission-critical communications from malicious parties and natural disasters. We saw leadership positions and third-party accolades continue to grow Our customers have put Avaya in leadership positions in IP telephony, contact centers, messaging and services around the world. In many categories, we're first or second in the markets in which we compete. We have achieved these positions for a variety of reasons, but two stand out: our evolutionary, multi-faceted approach to modernizing their systems; and the quality of our offerings, which received glowing assessments from our industry's leading independent publications, analysts, and consultants. We expanded our strategic alliances for both technological solutions and selling Since our beginning, we have teamed with some of the biggest names in related industries to bring enterprises comprehensive solutions and selling arrangements to provide the greatest benefits with the greatest convenience. For small and medium businesses, we entered into a business arrangement with HP to provide our Avaya IP Office telephony software on a small-scale HP Proliant server, which both companies are selling together. More recently, for larger enterprises, we announced that we would offer our telephony applications on Extreme Systems servers. We now offer Avaya contact-center software on certain Sun Microsystems networking equipment. And we announced a relationship with Motorola and Proxim, in which we are working together to remove the seams between IP and wireless networks, to untether workers beyond what's possible today. In all these instances, it's clear that enterprises of all sizes appreciate the ability to unlock the potential of their investments. And it's just as clear that Avaya is serious about open standards for communications, and on accelerating the transformation of Avaya from a hardware provider to a software provider. We continued to build a performance-based culture We have created a competitive, rewarding environment where everyone has the opportunity to play a meaningful role in achieving our mission. Today, as I talk with Avaya people around the world, I hear renewed energy, confidence and eagerness to show the world what Avaya can do.

I-2

We improved our brand awareness and overall profile with a focused and effective advertising campaign In January 2003, a new Avaya made its debut with a celebrity spokesperson, Wayne Brady, who communicated, with his energy and cleverness, what we had been trying to say all along: this is a new, exciting company that's going places while taking care of its customers at the same time. These ads, together with a revitalized global marketing effort, have changed our image and made it easier for our salespeople to get in front of customers and move beyond "who is Avaya," to "here's what Avaya can do for you." We saw revenue growth I've saved the best for last. We ended the fiscal year with our fifth straight quarterly increase in our cash balance. We had more than $1 billion in cash at the end of September 2003, giving us a net cash position for the first time in our history. We define net cash as cash and cash equivalents less total debt outstanding. We saw revenue growth in three of the four operating segments from the third to fourth quarter of 2003. In addition, in the third quarter of 2003, we recorded our first profitable quarter since the third quarter of 2001. Furthermore, our net income in the fourth quarter of 2003 was even higher than our net income in the third quarter of 2001. As I review these financial results, I'm proud of what the people of Avaya have achieved. I thank them for the great progress they made, and the professionalism they have demonstrated in every circumstance. And I thank you, the shareholders, for your support and patience over the last three years as we worked our way to this point. Looking Forward As I said at the beginning of this letter, I believe our best results are still ahead of us. Reports issued by industry analysts indicate that only 3 percent of enterprise telephony lines worldwide are IP lines, despite the tremendous growth of IP over the past few years. This constitutes a huge opportunity for us, with our great capabilities in both the technologies and services sides of the IP equation and our large base of traditional systems. Our growth prospects are further enhanced by three steps we took at the end, and just after the end, of fiscal 2003: · acquiring the Professional Services and Managed Services business units, and selected service-delivery technology assets, of VISTA Information Technologies Inc.; · acquiring substantially all of the assets and sales personnel of Expanets Inc., the nation's largest provider of converged communications for small and mid-size businesses; and · entering into an agreement to sell our Connectivity Solutions business to CommScope, Inc. These actions, in the aggregate, give Avaya better focus in what we sell, and improve our ability to sell. To ensure that our organizational structure provides both a strong foundation and a strong incentive for growth, we integrated most of the sales and marketing functions across the Company, effective January 1, 2004. Led by Lou D'Ambrosio, the new organization will give us the best of both synergy and specialization, leveraging sales and marketing resources across the business while allowing us to maintain the dedicated customer focus that our group structure was designed to promote. As I write this in late 2003, economic indicators are beginning to show signs of improvement. I'm looking forward to expanding our accomplishments in the coming months, and I look forward to sharing those results with you next year. Sincerely, Donald K. Peterson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer I-3

