Let’s talk about two thoughts:
shared value and shared future.
As a shareholder of Avista Corp., you have
invested in the work of this company –
for today and for tomorrow. As the chairman of Avista Corp., my job is
to see that your trust in our work is
paid back as a fair return on your
investment. Together, we have a vested
interest in the ongoing succes s of this
company. So, please read on for a good
sense of the work we’re doing and the
direction we’re heading.
Financial highlights
We’ve come through 2010 with solid
financial results and modest growth. We
believe these are good outcomes given the
weak economy both regionally and nationally.
The year started with weather that once again
set records. This time, though, it wasn’t record
snow levels as in 2009; instead 2010 was one
of the warmest January to March time
periods in this region. This resulted in lower
than normal energy use from customers to
heat their homes and businesses. However,
improved results throughout the remainder
of the year, power supply costs lower than
the amount included in rates and our
disciplined management of operating expenses
helped to mostly offset the effects of the first
quarter weather.
With that, we delivered year-end earnings
of $1.65 per diluted share, an increase from
$1.58 in 2009. Our 2011 earnings are expected
to benefit from a return to normal weather and
the effects of general electric and natural gas
rate increases we received in Washington and
Idaho. We expect this may be partially offset,
however, by slower load growth due to the
still-sluggish economy, a lag in the recovery
of operating expenses and capital investments,
as well as increased costs for materials. We remain committed to investing in our
utility infrastructure to keep system reliability high.
Replacing and upgrading our transmission and
distribution system and renewable hydroelectric
generation plants, as well as building the
infrastructure to meet regional demand growth were
the primary drivers of our $210 million capital budget
in 2010. The 2011 capital budget of $250 million
includes funds to match our smart grid grants.
As we invest in our system to reliably and
safely bring energy to our customers, we are also
diligently working with our regulators to receive
timely recovery of these investments. In addition
to the electric and natural gas rate increases in
Washington and Idaho, we filed a natural gas rate
case in Oregon in September. A proposed settlement
has been reached subject to commission approval
expected in the first half of 2011.
We remain focused on maintaining a healthy
balance sheet and credit rating strength. At the end
of 2010 we had a combined $258 million of available
liquidity under our two committed lines of credit.
We also have a sales agency agreement in place to
sell shares of common stock from time to time.
In 2010 we issued $43 million of common stock
under this agreement, and we expect to issue up to
$25 million of common stock in 2011 to maintain
an appropriate capital structure.
Another sign of progress: the Board of Directors
raised the common stock dividend in 2010 for the
eighth consecutive year, bringing our dividend
payout ratio to 60 percent and reaching our goal of
being in line with the industry average. This ref lects
the confidence our directors have in our continued
progress toward achieving our corporate goals. s
t
r ategic energy m anagement
We are on the cusp of some of the biggest
changes our industry has seen in decades –
driven by new technology, new information
and new partnerships. The opportunities and
challenges ahead are very exciting. Being
innovative in the way we look for opportunities
is nothing new for us. It’s deeply rooted in our
history. Avista has long been an innovative
energy company, from pioneering transmission
and generation operations to helping create
the automated meter reading industry; from
developing fuel cell innovations to becoming
the leader in energy management.
Advantage IQ, our primary non-utility
subsidiary, is a leading provider of strategic
energ y management solutions. It partners
with Fortune 1000 organizations to maximize
business results by reducing energ y and other
facility expenses, managing risk and improving
environmental performance. Its strategic
acquisitions – including Ecos in 2009 and
The Loyalton Group in 2010 – have broadened
the value proposition Advantage IQ brings
to its clients. Through the energ y
consumption information
it manages for clients,
Advantage IQ has an electric
usage database of more
than 25,000 megawatts of
commercial and industrial
load. This business continues to show long-term growth potential in
clients, revenues and its positive contribution to
Avista Corp.’s earnings.
s
m
art moves at the right time
Being in the right place, at the right time, with
the right resources means we can capitalize on
opportunities when they arise – enhancing our
annual revenues and helping moderate power
supply costs for customers. For example, Avista
regularly sells available capacity, energy, ancillary
services and green, renewable energy in the western
markets. By optimizing the value of our resources
through these activities, we are able to capture
millions of dollars in additional revenue that serves
to lower costs for our retail customers.
Doing due diligence is our first step in
implementing new technologies. Such is the case
with the advent of smart grid. There’s a lot to know
before we make full-scale investments in hardware
and technology. As one of a handful of utilities
to receive multiple smart grid grants under the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009,
we’re putting these funds to good use – enhancing
our distribution system to improve reliability
and energy efficiency; modeling how to implement
new technology and communicate with customers
in the Smart Grid Demonstration Project
(Pullman, Wash.); and developing the workforce
needed to install and maintain the new
technologies. The smart grid capabilities we’re
building into our system today position us well
as a trusted and knowledgeable partner
with our customers in managing their
energy use tomorrow.
New, enabling technologies, plus
a fast-changing market and evolving
customer needs demand that we engage
with our customers in new ways. We’re
working from our strength, building
on a solid foundation of customer
satisfaction. Among other indicators,
our customer service center has achieved
over 90 percent satisfaction ratings from
customers for more than 10 consecutive
years. And in 2010, J.D. Power and
Associates ranked Avista “Highest in
Customer Satisfaction with Residential
Natural Gas Service in the Western U.S.
among Mid-size Utilities in a Tie.”
We are focusing on identifying
more ways to create value-added
interactions with our customers. Our award-
winning Web site is a dynamic resource for doing
business with us and finding information to help
manage energy use. We’re among the industry
leaders in using social media channels such as the
Avista blog, Twitter and Facebook to communicate
with our customers where the conversations are
happening – in the digital world. We’re holding
community meetings with opportunities for
customers, civic leaders and elected officials to
share ideas and help us deliver responsive energy
solutions. We’re undertaking outreach activities such as our energy fairs that provide
demonstrations, workshops and
direct access to energy assistance
for limited-income and senior
customers. And we’re talking with
customers, one person at a time,
answering questions and sharing
more information about our
business than ever before.
Internally, we’re focused on
strengthening the alignment of our
actions to the company’s strategic
goals by enhancing planning and
scheduling to boost the efficiency
of our field workforce. We’re
developing processes to better
prioritize projects so we spend
money on what matters most when
managing assets and technology.
And we’re implementing
collaborative strategies to guide our purchasing
decisions – what we buy, how we buy it and which
suppliers we use. Through these and other
initiatives, we are positioning the company to
continue our success into the new energy future. s
t
ewardship as a way o
F
business
We are committed to doing our part to keep
the communities we serve healthy, vibrant places
for families and businesses to thrive. Our long-
standing partnerships throughout our service
territory serve us all well.
Our environmental stewardship responsibilities
are something else we take seriously. With two
major hydroelectric facilities on the Clark Fork
River in Montana and Idaho and six on the
Spokane River from Idaho through eastern
Washington, we invest millions of dollars each
year in water quality, wetlands, fish and wildlife
enhancements and other environmental benefits.
In 2009 we received new federal licenses to
operate our plants in the Spokane River Project.
This success came from working closely with
more than 200 stakeholders from governmental,
tribal and community organizations.
In the past year, we’ve embarked on the first
stages of work to improve the aesthetic f lows of
the river through the jewel of downtown Spokane –
Riverfront Park. And in partnership with others,
we’re working to protect and enhance water
quality in the Spokane River and nearby aquifer. In a historic move last fall, we replaced
wooden, manually-operated f lashboards
with computerized spill gates at the Nine Mile
Hydroelectric Development, the first permanent
spill gates in the dam’s 102-year-history. Using
innovative technology, the new gates allow
us to maintain the upstream reservoir pool
at a more consistent level throughout the year
and generate more power using the same
amount of water.
We are proud that Avista has always been
one of the cleanest utilities in the country.
Today, we are ranked 11th lowest in the rate
of CO
2
emissions of the 100 largest electric
power producers in the U.S., according to
the 2010 report of the National Resources
Defense Council. And with the delivery of
electric vehicles to mainstream consumers,
we’re piloting a program with our own
electric-hybrid cars and charging stations
to help us plan for the ways in which this
will affect our customers and the new
demand for resources. a
re
F
i
n e d v i s i o n t o
navigate to the
F
u
ture
The economy in the Pacific
Northwest remains challenged,
with job markets slower than the
national average to rebound from
their recession lows. Employment
levels throughout our service area
remain well below trend after
significant and persistent cutbacks
in the construction and forest
product sectors. The mining and
manufacturing sectors are above
their recession lows, but they remain
well below pre-recession levels.
However, we remain positive
in our outlook of achieving our goal
of 5 percent to 7 percent long-term earnings growth
for our company through a combination of growth
in rate base, customer numbers and load
productivity, as well as growth at Advantage IQ.
It will be important for us going forward that
we are focused on alignment and adaptability –
to align ourselves for the work that must be done
today, with an eye to the changes in the industry
that are ahead. We are poised to adapt to the
changes in our industry and the markets as they
come, while keeping our focus on the work of
providing the reliable and safe energy services
our customers want, expect and deserve.
The days of utilities existing just to keep the
lights and heat on are waning. As the energy
industry moves forward, we’re seeing other
businesses enter our marketplace, offering energy
services. Our plans for the future are clear: grow our
core reliable energy delivery business and continue
to develop innovative energy services for our
customers. By offering information, options for use
and new technology, we’ll increase the value our
customers get from the energy they choose to use.
No doubt, what happens in the next few years
will be shaped by the continued discussion, debate
and decisions about renewable energy, carbon
emissions and new mandates that will impact our
operations and costs. We are active participants
in that dialogue, and we will remain nimble in
our planning to accommodate and to capitalize
on new requirements.
Finally, and most importantly, I want to
extend my deep appreciation to our employees.
It is their dedication, talent and innovation that
truly inspire me. They are the energy for this
energy company. And to you, our shareholder, or
perhaps potential shareholder, thank you for your
belief in and support for our company. We will
continue to do our very best to keep delivering
shared value for our shared future.
Sincerely,
Scott L. Morris
Chairman , President and
Chief Executive Officer
