   This is a fascinating time in the energy industry. Technology is transforming our landscape. Across our business, it is changing our infrastructure, how we manage our electric and natural gas systems and the ways we engage with our customers.
  While the pace of change is increasing, we’re building on a history and culture of innovation to embrace a brighter future, together.
Modernizing Infrastructure
To build for the future, we must have a solid foundation. Prudent and essential capital investments in our hydro plants, transmission and distribution systems, and natural gas pipelines enhance reliability and prepare for increased energy needs.
After two years of work, we put the finishing touches on the Post Falls South Channel Dam upgrades and reopened the dam in early 2016. The improvements, which include upgraded control systems and spillway technology along with new concrete facing, support the ongoing reliable operation of this historic facility. In March, one of the overhauled Little Falls hydro plant generating units returned to service. In July, we reached a milestone in the Nine Mile Dam rehabilitation project — two new generating units went into service, increasing the generating capacity and efficiency of the plant.
This year marked the 25th anniversary of Avista proudly serving natural gas customers in Oregon. Throughout the year, we continued
to invest in our natural gas infrastructure across our service territory to increase capacity in areas of growth, support economic development and enhance the integrity and efficiency of the system for years to come.
Connecting People to Energy
Beyond investments in our physical infrastructure, we continue to plan for the evolving needs and preferences of our customers so we can remain their trusted energy resource and advisor. The Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) program planning progressed to help enable this effort, and earlier this year, we launched our first mobile application to provide proactive, near real-time, customer-specific outage information. The implementation of a natural gas line extension allowance program
in Washington has expanded access to clean burning natural gas for
our customers. This program provides an enhanced allowance toward natural gas construction and new heating equipment. Compared
to the previous year, electric to natural gas conversions increased by
over 100 percent in 2016.
Investing in Communities
We’re investing in our collective energy future through the implementation of partnerships and pilot programs that give us the opportunity to explore and experiment with technologies and leverage the expertise of partners to gain insights we can put into practice.
We are fortunate to have Spokane’s University District, which is an ideal place to demonstrate and test our ideas. This 770-acre education and business hub is central to our Smart City efforts and living
   
   laboratory, Urbanova. Here, we are testing ideas and technology
on a smaller scale, such as our Shared Energy Economy model and smart, connected streetlights. We’ve invested in the University District to drive opportunities for new businesses, jobs and expertise to advance the technology of the future, which benefits our community and our utility.
As one of the nation’s 100 largest electric power producers,
we maintain our commitment to environmental stewardship and are ranked among the lowest for rates of carbon dioxide emissions in the country, according to the July 2016 Benchmarking Air Emissions report from the Natural Resources Defense Council. Amid the changing political climate, we continue to look for ways to implement environmental policy in a manner that aligns with the best interests of all our stakeholders.
This year, we partnered with the Lands Council to plant thousands of trees along the Spokane River, engaged in ongoing habitat restoration efforts, and provided recreation resources to help people explore and enjoy the rivers throughout our service territory.
An Overview of 2016 Financial Results
Our financial results this year were strong. This is due to lower resource costs, general rate case decisions in Idaho, Oregon and Washington, and decoupling mechanisms in these states that helped offset impacts of fluctuating weather patterns throughout the year.
Consolidated earnings were $2.15 per diluted share, with net income of $137.2 million for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016.
Our balance sheet and credit ratings remain healthy. At year-end, Avista Corp. had $245.6 million of available liquidity under our $400 million line of credit. We added cost-effective long-term debt through the private placement market by issuing $175 million of Avista Corp. first mortgage bonds, bearing an interest rate of 3.54 percent (5.6 percent effective interest rate), which will mature in December 2051.
Long-term corporate earnings growth of 4 percent to 5 percent continues to be our target. We believe earnings growth will come through our focus on updating and replacing aging infrastructure, continued effective cost management, investment in essential digital technologies
and other growth platforms. Our projection for customer and load growth remains near 1 percent.
And, I’m pleased to note, that in 2016 the board of directors raised the dividend on Avista Corp. common stock for the 14th consecutive year, for an annualized dividend of $1.37.
  NINE MILE POWERHOUSE PROJECT
We are in the midst of a multi-year project to rehabilitate the 108-year-old Nine Mile Powerhouse
to increase the generation of clean, renewable, low-cost hydropower. In 2016, the last two (of four) original turbine generating units were replaced with new, more efficient units. Work on the project continues to update electrical systems and intake gates, and install a new sediment bypass system to extend the
life of the plant.
     
    Regulated Operations
Avista Utilities
Avista Utilities contributed $2.07 per diluted share to earnings in 2016. Continuing our investment in replacing and updating aging infrastructure resulted in total capital costs of $403 million for the year. We plan to continue making capital investments near this level in 2017 and 2018 to maintain the reliability and strength of our electric and natural gas
energy systems.
The timely recovery of these costs is essential to earning an adequate
return on our shareholders’ investment. In Washington, the utility commission granted new electric and natural gas rates that went into effect on Jan. 11, 2016. In March, the Public Counsel Section of the Attorney General’s office filed a Petition for Judicial Review related to the 2015 electric general rate case, and in April this was moved to the Court of Appeals. We will participate in the case and cannot predict the outcome of this matter or the timing of a resolution. On Dec. 15, the utility commission denied Avista’s 2016 general rate request. In our view, this decision is irreconcilable with the evidence presented in the case, which shows that current revenue is insufficient for providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return in 2017. This is why on Dec. 23, we filed a petition
with the commission for reconsideration and/or rehearing in this case. The commission intends to enter an order resolving the petition no later than March 16, 2017.
In Idaho, we received approval for new electric rates that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2017. New natural gas rates went into effect in Oregon
in March 2016. In November 2016, we filed a new natural gas rate case in Oregon, and the state utility commission has up to 10 months to decide on that request.
Alaska Electric Light and Power Company (AEL&P)
Operations at our Juneau, Alaska subsidiary, Alaska Electric Light and Power Company (AEL&P), went smoothly this year. AEL&P operations contributed $0.13 per diluted share to Avista Corp.’s earnings and made $16 million in capital expenditures. They plan to invest $7 million in capital projects in 2017.
In September, AEL&P filed an electric general rate case seeking an interim rate increase of 3.86 percent to recover costs related to a new backup generator and other capital investments. The Regulatory Commission of Alaska approved the interim rate increase, effective Nov. 23, 2016. A final order in the case is scheduled to be issued
in February of 2018.
We continue to evaluate opportunities to grow our presence in Alaska beyond our AEL&P operations. We have been focused on exploring the viability of building a natural gas local distribution company (LDC) in Juneau to bring this energy option to residents. The analysis has been
challenged by economic conditions, relatively low heating oil prices, customer equipment conversion costs and access to low-cost debt financing for the project. While we do not see a viable path forward at this time, we will continue to monitor these conditions. If they change favorably in the future, we may proceed with the regulatory process to request authority to build and operate a gas utility in Juneau.
Non-Regulated Operations
Through Avista Capital, we continue to explore strategic opportunities for corporate growth. In 2014, we formed Salix, a non-utility subsidiary that focuses on exploring markets that could be served with liquefied natural gas (LNG). We continue to explore LNG opportunities in North America.
During the third quarter, we committed to making investments up to a total of $25 million over five years in a private equity fund comprised of strategic utility partners. The fund will invest in emerging technologies, products and services throughout the electricity supply chain.
Avista Development, a subsidiary that focuses on growth opportunities in the realm of economic vitality in the communities we serve, has a
new senior vice president, Latisha Hill, following the retirement of Roger Woodworth. Latisha brings a wealth of experience to this role as she focuses on community economic development through optimizing strategic investments that leverage the strengths of local and regional partnerships. She was previously an analytics and consulting manager in human resources and a regional business manager. I want to thank Roger for
his service, leadership and innovative thinking over the years.
Energy to Innovate
Avista’s creative and resourceful employees have been using technology to shape the energy landscape since 1889 and this history encourages our actions.
I am proud of our employees and am thankful for their dedication and commitment as we work together to build a brighter energy future.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
      