 2
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
AS WE EMBARK ON OUR JOURNEY TO THE NEXT 125 YEARS OF SERVICE, AVISTA CONTINUES TO MEET THE GROWING ENERGY NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS BY ASSURING THAT OUR COMPANY’S OPERATIONS ARE RELEVANT TO A RAPIDLY CHANGING SOCIETY.
Our strength comes in our ability to recognize emerging trends, and then to use our intuition, knowledge and persistence to assure they bring value to our customers and our investors.
In this letter I want to give you a summary of our financial results for 2013 and some thoughts about what we see in our future. Then, I hope you’ll take the time to look through the brief historic perspective on our company. We believe it will give you a good idea of who we are, where we’ve been and some of the ways in which we’ve evolved and continue to shape Avista into the kind of company in which you want to invest.
An Overview of 2013 Financial Results
I am pleased to report that Avista Corp. performed well in 2013. Consolidated earnings were
$1.85 per diluted share. All segments of the company improved their performance over the challenging previous year through the implementation of purposeful and directed strategies, including the voluntary severance program that went into effect at the beginning of the year.
Avista Utilities
Our core business — Avista Utilities — had results above our expectations for 2013, contributing $1.81 to earnings for the year. Increased revenues for the utility resulted from warmer than normal weather through the summer, cooler than normal fall temperatures and lower than expected operating costs.
The timely recovery of the costs of our capital investments continues to be essential to gaining adequate return on our shareholders’ investment. In 2013, we saw the implementation of new rates in Washington and Idaho. Both are two-year settlement agreements, which are a win-win for our customers and our shareholders. For customers, it provides rate certainty and clarity for two years, and for shareholders,
the settlements provide us the ability to earn a return closer to our allowed rates of return and reduce the regulatory lag we’ve experienced in the past. In August, we filed a general rate case in Oregon, and through a settlement agreement, new rates will go into effect in February and November 2014.
On the other side of the coin, an unexpected outage at our Colstrip generating plant in Montana resulted in increased purchased power costs to replace the energy lost due to the outage, tempering our 2013 utility earnings. The unit went back on line early in 2014.

      3
           Overall, our legacy generating plants have served our customers well. Now that we’ve completed the upgrades
to our major hydro facilities on the Clark Fork River, we’re turning our attention to the facilities on the Spokane River. In 2013 we began upgrades to our Nine Mile Falls plant. Built in 1908, it will receive an overhaul and new equipment to update it to serve our customers for generations to come.
Two other major capital projects are also proceeding well. First, a natural gas pipe replacement program is in its third year of a 20-year plan. We’re replacing some 700 miles of pre-1987 plastic pipeline in our service territory. Second,
we are nearing completion of a major project to upgrade our digital technology to enhance processes for our business and our customers. The new system, which will be rolled out this summer, includes upgrades to customer information, billing processes, and work and asset management.
Non-Regulated Businesses
Ecova, Avista’s primary, non-regulated business, is an energy and sustainability management company, with over 700 multi-site clients, representing more than 700,000 sites in North America. Its 2013 results showed marked improvement over 2012. The implementation of business process improvements, along with increased revenues from service offerings, helped Ecova contribute $0.12 per share to 2013 corporate earnings. Total revenues grew by 14 percent in 2013.
Through our other businesses under Avista Capital, we continue to explore strategic opportunities for corporate growth. As part of the process, we will incur costs and
may have to write down some of our investments that
don’t perform, as we did in 2013. However, we believe it’s important to continue to look for new opportunities, utilizing a disciplined approach for examining the potential new markets and ways for customers to use energy.
Credit and Liquidity
Our balance sheet and credit ratings remain healthy.
At year-end, Avista had $201.6 million of available liquidity under our $400 million line of credit. In August 2013, we entered into a $90 million term loan agreement that matures in 2016. The proceeds from this transaction were used to repay a portion of corporate indebtedness in anticipation
of $50 million in First Mortgage Bonds that matured in December 2013. We issued $4.6 million of common stock
in 2013 under the dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan, and the employee plans.
Earnings Growth
We continue to target long-term corporate earnings growth of 4 percent to 5 percent. While our projection for customer growth remains near 1 percent due to slow regional economic recovery, we believe earnings growth will prove positive as the
result of our focus on replacing aging infrastructure, continued cost management, increased efficiencies in business processes and sustained growth at Ecova.
2014 and Counting...
During this anniversary year, we have many things to celebrate as well as plans to put into action for the years ahead.
» In November, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Alaska Energy and Resources Company (AERC), whose primary subsidiary is Alaska Electric Light and Power. This small, privately-owned utility serves
the customers of Juneau with clean, renewable hydroelectric power. We expect the transaction to close by July 1, following receipt of the necessary regulatory and AERC shareholder approvals.
» Our 2013 capital expenses totaled $294.4 million.
We plan to increase our capital budget to $335 million in 2014 and $355 million in 2015 to complete important utility capital projects, including upgrades to our transmission and distribution systems, hydroelectric facilities and our company’s operating technology.
» At Ecova, we will continue to expand the company through organic growth, while maintaining client retention that exceeds 95 percent.
» We are focusing our efforts on leadership training, succession planning and the recruitment of talented graduates and veterans into our work force to fill behind the baby boomers that are retiring.
The face of Avista may change over the years, but the culture of trust, innovation and collaboration is well woven throughout our company and all we do. Our employees
are the partners in the community, the trusted energy advisors, and the heroes who bring light and heat to homes and businesses after the storm. I am proud of each and every one of them and thankful for their dedication and commitment to our company, our customers and
our shareholders.
Thank you for your interest in Avista. Sincerely,
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
OUR EMPLOYEES ARE THE PARTNERS IN THE COMMUNITY, THE TRUSTED ENERGY ADVISORS, AND THE HEROES
WHO BRING LIGHT AND HEAT TO HOMES AND BUSINESSES AFTER THE STORM.
                                                                         