Dear Fellow Shareholder:
It’s been a landmark year at Avista for many reasons — we celebrated our milestone 125th anniversary;
we sold Ecova, our home-grown energy and sustainability management business; we acquired
Alaska Energy and Resources Company (AERC) and its primary subsidiary Alaska Electric Light
and Power Company (AEL&P) in Juneau, Alaska; and we continued to make significant progress
in achieving our goals of investing in our infrastructure, upgrading our technology
and preparing our utility to effectively and efficiently implement 21st century energy delivery.
For the first time in a generation, we can consider ourselves close to being a “pure play” utility.
None of this would have been possible without our cadre
of dedicated and knowledgeable employees. There’s a
confidence that comes with competence, a steadiness that
builds on itself and makes things happen. It’s not flashy, but
the effects speak for themselves. Avista’s employees embody
that premise. They are simply and resolutely proficient
at what they do. They truly are the people powering the
possible at Avista.
An Overview of 2014 Financial Results
Our financial results this year were strong: the result
of a gain on the sale of Ecova, general rate case decisions
in Washington, Idaho and Oregon, and focused leadership
in managing our operating expenses.
Our earnings included a $70 million net gain on the
sale of Ecova. Consolidated earnings from continuing
operations were $1.93 per diluted share, with net income
from continuing operations attributable to Avista Corp.
shareholders of $119.8 million for 2014.
Our balance sheet and credit ratings remain healthy.
At year-end, Avista Corp. had $262.4 million of available
liquidity under our $400 million line of credit. We issued
$60 million of Avista Corp. first mortgage bonds, bearing an
interest rate of 4.11 percent, which mature in December 2044.
We issued $154.2 million of common stock, which includes
4.5 million shares valued at $150.1 million associated with
the acquisition of AERC, while the remainder of the shares
were issued under the dividend reinvestment and direct
stock purchase and employee plans. We carried out a
stock repurchase plan in the last six months of 2014 that
resulted in repurchasing and retiring 2.5 million shares of
our outstanding stock at a total cost of $79.9 million and an average price of $31.57 per share. In December, our board of
directors approved the repurchase of up to 800,000 shares
of our common stock through March 31, 2015. And I’m
pleased to note that the board raised the dividend on Avista
Corp. common stock for the 12th consecutive year, for an
annualized dividend of $1.27.
We continue to expect long-term corporate earnings
growth of 4 percent to 5 percent. Our projection for customer
growth remains near 1 percent due to modest regional
economic recovery. Our earnings growth will come through
our focus on replacing aging infrastructure and continued
effective cost management.
Regulated Operations
AVISTA UTILITIES
Avista Utilities contributed $1.83 per diluted share to
earnings in 2014, which exceeded our original expectations.
Continuing our investment in replacing and updating aging
infrastructure, our new capital costs totaled $323.9 million
for the year. We are planning to invest $375 million in 2015
and $350 million in 2016 to maintain the reliability and
strength of our electric and natural gas energy systems.
The timely recovery of these costs continues to be
essential to earning an adequate return on our shareholders’
investment. In 2014 we reached an all-party settlement of
our Washington electric and natural gas general rate
cases with new rates in effect in January 2015. In Idaho,
a settlement agreement resulted in a one-year extension
to our current electric and natural gas rate plans, with base
retail rates unchanged through 2015. Both settlements
include provisions for earnings sharing with our customers.
We filed a natural gas rate case in Oregon in September
2014, and we expect new rates to go into effect in that
state in July 2015.
Upgrades to our legacy hydroelectric plants on the
Spokane River got underway in 2014. At the head of the
Spokane River near Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, the South Channel
Dam of the Post Falls Hydroelectric Project is getting a
well-deserved update with new concrete, spillway gates
and gate operation systems.
Further down the Spokane River, at the Nine Mile Falls
Hydroelectric Project, two turbine generating units original
to the century-old plant will be replaced along with
associated equipment, resulting in an increase in the
generation of clean, renewable power.
Our employees strive to find new and better ways to
assure that our customers’ needs are met while bringing
value to our shareholders. With that in mind, we are
replacing our 20-year-old customer information and work
management systems. This project is expected to be completed during the first half of 2015. These are
two critical elements of our technology infrastructure
which are interconnected to many other systems in our
company. We expect to spend approximately $110 million
(including internal labor) over the term of the project. As of
Dec. 31, 2014, we have spent $91 million on the project.
In addition, we are completing our five-year investigation
into smart grid technologies. As we upgrade and improve
the operation of our power generation, we also
are successfully completing the pilot studies on the
Pacific Northwest Smart Grid Demonstration Project
in southeastern Washington.
ALASKA ELECTRIC LIGHT &
POWER COMPANY (AEL&P)
We are very pleased to welcome the 59 employees
and 16,000 customers of AEL&P to Avista Corp. The
company, begun some 120 years ago, has been in the
Corbus family nearly since its founding. The hydro-based
energy company holds similar values and commitments to
safety, reliability and customer service as Avista, and the
culture of trust, innovation and collaboration mirrors our
own. Our new Alaska operations contributed $0.05 per
diluted share to our earnings in the second half of 2014
and posted $1.6 million in capital expenditures. It plans to
invest $15 million in capital expenditures in 2015. The City
and Borough of Juneau have been
very welcoming as we
get to know each other and develop plans for the future.
We are looking forward to becoming an active partner in
the community, just as AEL&P has been.
Non-regulated Operations
One thread that weaves throughout our 125-year
history is that of innovation.
Our employees continue to
think creatively, to explore the possibilities and to develop
business opportunities that add value for our shareholders
and enhance the customer experience and business
outcomes. Such was the case with Itron, a company we
introduced in 1980, which has since been spun off to
become one of the world’s leaders in metering technology.
And our company’s innovation continues today.
Ecova, founded in 1995, has become a leader in energy
and sustainability management. Cofely, USA, Inc., a
subsidiary of GDF Suez, acquired Ecova in June. It was
the right time for us to monetize our investment in the
company, and we believe that with this new ownership,
Ecova is now poised to realize its full potential. I want to
say a special thank you to the employees of Ecova for their
transformative thinking, their diligence and their dedication
to excellence Through our other businesses under Avista Capital, we
continue to explore strategic opportunities for corporate
growth. Salix LNG was launched to explore markets that
could be served with liquefied natural gas (LNG), primarily
in the West and Pacific Northwest. We made an investment
in Plum Energy, which is exploring ways to extend the
significant benefits of natural gas beyond the traditional
pipeline markets in energy generation, transportation and
small-scale LNG value chains. And with our new presence
in Southeast Alaska, we are exploring additional strategic
opportunities to bring natural gas to the region.
Creating a 21st Century Company
In the midst of the second decade of this century, we are
in a sea change of customer expectations, technology and
the industry as a whole. Our 125 years of experience,
innovation and foresight are a solid foundation upon which
we continue to build a company that can adapt to those
changes quickly and efficiently. Our history of innovation continues with the next steps
planned for modernizing the grid. With our smart grid road
map in hand, we will move on to upgrade additional electrical
feeders and work to develop a grid that is resilient, efficient
and flexible. And, we’re beginning to explore the storage of
power in batteries under a grant from the Washington State
Department of Commerce, seeking an understanding of how
to capture the energy generated by intermittent sources, such
as wind and solar, and then distribute it when it is needed.
We’re acting on our knowledge of customer preferences
for online commerce and enhancing our website. The Web and
mobile interactions with our utility currently account for more
than 60 percent of our customer contacts. We’re on track
to move to the next level of technology and provide
our customers with better user adoption and satisfaction
with their Avista Web experience. Looking ahead 20 years in resource planning, we find
that we have sufficient natural gas pipeline resources until
2034. The process for evaluating the electric side of the
utility is underway, with the filing of our next Integrated
Resource Plan scheduled for August 2015. Our goal is to
balance reliability and cost as we manage a mix of energy
resources, including renewables. We regularly assess the
components of our diverse energy generation portfolio,
along with the important role that energy conservation plays
in reducing the need to build additional generating facilities.
The conversation is a public one, and we invite those who
are interested to participate.
Avista is meeting the growing and changing energy
needs of our customers by assuring that our company’s
operations are relevant to a rapidly changing society.
We have the people and the power to undertake and
bring to reality the possibilities.
Thank you for your interest in our company. If we
can provide further information, please contact us at
avistacorp.com.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer