Scott Morris Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Shareholders

Dear Fellow

Around the world and in our own backyard, PEOPLE SPOKE OUT THIS YEAR.
The messages were different, but the essence was similar: we must work together to achieve common goals. At Avista Corp., we continue to be active listeners and proactive doers in meeting the needs and expectations of our stakeholders. The customers served by Avista ­ our utility ­ need more power every day to energize the ever-growing number of electronics and appliances in their homes and businesses. And we are delivering it ­ safely, reliably and at a reasonable cost. Saving money and saving resources are critical business goals for the utilities and facilities served by Ecova (formerly Advantage IQ), our energy and sustainability management business. Ecova helps clients ensure they have the right data, technology and expertise to improve efficiency and lower expenses in their operations. More than ever, customers' expectations for service quality have been shaped by the dynamic technology of smart phones and tablets that put information instantly at their fingertips. We recognize that the information enabled by advancing technology will continue to drive the change occurring now and in the future. Without a crystal ball, I can't tell you exactly what that change will be, but I can tell you that with our regional utility and our North American energy and sustainability management business, Avista is moving forward with a focus on tomorrow; we're not waiting for it to come to us. To that end, we've worked hard to refine and shape our strategic initiatives across the company this year, clarifying our objectives and the steps we will take to attain them. You'll read more about these in the following pages. Our goal, as always, is to provide enhanced value for our investors, our customers, our employees and the communities we serve.

1

Strengthen
our F inancia l P erformance
Avista continued to show a solid financial performance in 2011. Our earnings were $1.72 per diluted share, an increase from $1.65 in 2010. Colder and wetter first-quarter conditions contributed to increased electric and natural gas loads and revenues. In addition, above-average mountain snowpack led to one of the best river run-offs in memory and produced excellent hydroelectric generation for our core business ­ Avista Utilities. Continued customer growth ­ both organically and through strategic acquisitions ­ at Ecova, our primary unregulated subsidiary, contributed to a 30 percent growth in earnings as compared to 2010. We are targeting long-term corporate earnings growth of 5 percent to 7 percent. However, our utility earnings in 2011 were limited by slower customer growth than we'd like due to the continued effects of a weak economy in our service area and increased operating expenses, including pension and other post-retirement benefit costs. Our utility capital expenditures in 2011 totaled approximately $240 million, and we anticipate investing approximately $250 million in each of 2012 and 2013 in
Morris Chairman, President and electric and natural gasScott transmission and distribution

Together w e w i l l

updates, hydroelectric generation plant upgrades and technology enhancements. The timely recovery of the costs of capital investments remains one of the biggest challenges in today's utility environment. In 2011, we were able to successfully settle rate cases in Washington and Idaho, which we believe provide a fair and reasonable outcome for our customers and our shareholders. We expect to file rate cases in Washington and Idaho in 2012 to recover ongoing capital investments and the growing cost of assuring reliable energy delivery. We remain focused on maintaining a healthy balance sheet and strong credit rating. At year-end, Avista had $310 million of available liquidity under our $400 million committed line of credit. We issued $26.5 million of common stock in 2011, including $19.5 million under a sales agency agreement. Plans call for us to issue up to $45 million in equity in 2012 to maintain an appropriate capital structure. For the ninth consecutive year, the Board of Directors raised the common stock dividend, bringing the annualized dividend to $1.10 per share. With these positive indicators, coupled with upgrades to our credit ratings from Standard & Poor's and Moody's in 2011, Avista continues to be in sound financial shape and a good investment.

2

E C OVA R E V E N U E
($ in millions)
$102 $77 $59 $47

$138

2008

2010

DEVELOP
each customer interaction.

Together w e w i l l
new way s to d e l iver va l ue to our customers
It's no longer enough to merely meet customers' Here's an example. When CEO Bruce MacDiarmid joined Shari's Restaurants in 2008, he challenged them to evaluate any operational costs that didn't directly enhance their guests' restaurant dining experience. A financial evaluation identified utility charges as the third-largest controllable expense, making them one of the primary targets for this efficiency initiative. Through a combination For instance, at Ecova we are setting the standard for of data management, audits and energy performance initiatives in partnership with Ecova, Shari's was able to gain insight into the energy use across their chain and implement a corporate-wide energy management program to improve efficiencies and cut costs. Ecova provided Shari's with the insight necessary to reduce and control consumption, as well as support to interpret and identify the most effective savings opportunities. Shari's was able to quantify the effectiveness of their efforts and reduce energy consumption by 16 percent year over year.
3

expectations for service delivery. Today's energy customers want ­ and demand ­ products and services to meet their evolving expectations. Throughout our company, we are focused on the intentional design of

enhancing the value clients get from their energy and sustainability dollars. We're providing the tools to help them see more ­ gain visibility and precise insight into inefficiencies; save more ­ reduce expenses and increase the return on capital investments; and sustain more ­ build lasting advantages for the bottom line and the environment. A series of strategic acquisitions over the past 18 months has broadened Ecova's client base and expanded the mix of products, services and expertise we can offer to our clients ­ primarily large, multi-site companies such as CVS Caremark, Office Depot and Alaska Airlines. In fact, we now count 24 percent of the Fortune 500 companies as our clients. Together with these clients, we processed over $18 billion in energy and resource expenditures in 2011. And these clients see real value from working with Ecova as reflected by our 95 percent retention rate.

2009

2007

2011

$78
2 012 C A P I TA L B U D G E T
(total capital budget $257 million) ($ in millions)

$44 $37 $31 $23 $18 $7 $2
Environmental Transmission & Distribution AVA $124 AVA $87 $100 AVA $81 AVA $95 AVA $104 Fleet Facilities Natural Gas Other Generation Smart Grid Growth Technology

$8

$9

T otal S hareholder R eturn
(assumes $100 was invested in AVA and each index on Dec. 31, 2006, and that all dividends were reinvested when paid)

$150

Avista Corp. (AVA) S&P 500 Index S&P 400 Electric Utilities Index

$50

$0

The innovative aesthetic spills project at the Upper Falls hydroelectric facility in downtown Spokane involved modifying the river channels to return them to a more natural state, looking more like they did before early 20th century developers cut into the bedrock to collect and funnel water during dry times. Working together with agencies, community members and non-profit organizations, we've enhanced the year-round beauty of the river and its falls, while maintaining adequate flows for power generation.

Spokane River Aesthetic Spills Project
4

LEARN

Together w e w i l l
H O W N E W T E C H N O LO G I E S CA N E M P O W E R C U S TO M E R S
It seems the technologies we use in our everyday New smart grid technologies, enabled by two-way communications, can help customers actively monitor and manage their energy usage and make more informed decisions about choices that drive their energy costs. How these new technologies work in the field and with customers is the focus of our work now. Customers like Pullman resident Dick Watters learned of our Smart Grid Demonstration Project through a community meeting we hosted. It was one of many Avista outreach efforts he noticed about the project. Watters gained a clear idea from these communications about what to expect from his new advanced meter, as well as how the switch from the old meter to the new meter would take place. By the time the installation was scheduled, Watters was comfortable with the project and had many opportunities to have his questions answered. The installation itself was completely unobtrusive. When Watters came home from his office one day, the meter was up and running. He found a note on his door stating that the work was completed and giving him an Avista phone number to call if he had any questions or concerns. Watters had a very positive experience and considers the automation of the meter reading process as a good thing, one that will give him tools to help him understand and manage his energy use.

lives change as often as the pages on a calendar. And often those changes come before we even know that we want something newer and better. Who knew you needed a camera in your cell phone before the first one was introduced almost a decade ago? Technology in our everyday lives is driving customers' desire for immediate and accurate information with which to make choices and to take action. Effectively implementing technology is one of the keys to our business in the 21st century. At Avista we take a measured approach to ensuring the technology we are implementing is right for the job and at the right cost for our customers. We prefer to test, watch the technology mature a bit and bring our stakeholders along with us on that journey to assure we are in sync with their goals. That's the approach we're taking with our Smart Grid Demonstration Project in Pullman, Washington. As we update our energy delivery system, we're committed to working with customers, regulators and project partners to ensure a positive customer experience.

AVISTA'S NEW ADVANCED METER
5

REINFORCE
In the 30 years I've been with this company, I've grown increasingly proud of the culture that is passed from generation to generation of employees. It fosters innovation and encourages our employees to search out and try new solutions and improvements in business processes, customer satisfaction and integration of new technologies. An example of this is the exemplary safety record racked up over the course of a major construction project at our Noxon Rapids Hydroelectric Development on the Clark Fork River in Montana. Built in 1959, this stalwart of power generation possesses the largest generating capacity of Avista's eight hydroelectric developments and

Together w e w i l l

A VA L U E s - D R I V E N C U LT U R E O F P E O P L E who d o the right thing to he l p us succee d
boasts the second-largest generating capability of any hydro plant in the state of Montana. Over the last six years, we've invested $75 million to renovate, upgrade and enhance the five generating units at Noxon Rapids, increasing its output while enhancing the wildlife habitat and recreational opportunities along this scenic river. Managing about 150 Avista employees along with hundreds of contractors and vendors on site through the entire construction process was a monumental task. But it is one that has been accomplished with just two minor lost-time incidents in six years. The culture of employee decision-making to ingrain safety as an everyday value is what made this feat a reality.

NOXON RAPIDS ENHANCEMENTS
Removing the turbine from the fourth unit at our Noxon Rapids Hydroelectric Development marked the final phase of the six-year restoration project, replacing and upgrading 20th century equipment to meet the energy needs of 21st century customers.

New keyhole construction technology brings precision and cost efficiencies to some of our natural gas repair and maintenance work in neighborhoods throughout our service territory. A small circular section of street pavement is removed, the work is completed and the section is replaced, often with little indication that any underground work had occurred at the site. This eliminates the need for a backhoe and hot patching with asphalt, making it friendlier to the environment ­ working together to provide services more efficiently, at lower cost and with less impact to customers.

NATURAL GAS KEYHOLE CONSTRUCTION
6

Electricity Savings (kilowatt hours) Natural Gas 36% Wind 1% Biomass 2% Coal 10% Natural Gas Savings (therms)

kilowatt hours in millions

2008

2008

2009

2007

2007

2009

2010

2010

2011

E lectricit y G eneration R esource Mi x (as of Dec. 31, 2011)

C usto m er energ y efficienc y E S T I M A T E D savings (as of Dec. 31, 2011)
Washington and Idaho

2011

Hydro (41% Avista & 10% Contracts)

therms in millions

7

ACT

Together w e w i l l

through partnerships an d service to enhance communit y vita l it y
Avista is an active partner in building community In the long-term, we are focused on a strong and steady financial performance, bringing value to our shareholders and our customers through improved service delivery, operational efficiencies and effective regulatory outcomes, while seeking new innovations in energy for the future. Our goal is to achieve optimum life-cycle performance of our assets ­ the pipes, the poles and the wires ­ as well as sustain the institutional knowledge developed through years of experience in energy and its management. In addition, we'll continue to grow Ecova through increasing our value for our clients, expanding our share of resources that are managed for them and extending our value across additional business opportunities. As the demographics of our workforce shift with baby boomer retirements, I'm seeing incredible new talent in our company ­ the next generation of Avista. In planning for our future, we leave little to chance with succession plans and active leadership development in progress. I am confident the employees of Avista will continue the excellence our company is known for, providing reliable energy services and the choices that mean the most to our customers. Sincerely,

vitality in the towns and cities throughout our service territory. We find that collaborating with others brings a wide range of voices to the table and engages many in finding the best solutions to the challenges faced in these difficult economic times. In our hometown of Spokane, Wash., many of our employees are involved in the build-out of the University District ­ reclaiming a neighborhood of abandoned warehouses and railroad tracks out of which new buildings are rising from the dust. They are filling with classrooms and learning resources outfitted with stateof-the-art technology. Avista is collaborating with regional universities and health providers in the development of a new Academic Health Science Center. When it is complete in 2013, it will house a four-year medical program, pharmacy, nursing, dentistry and other allied health and research programs. We envision that it will be a catalyst for creating new and sustained growth throughout our utility service area and for the entire Pacific Northwest.

Looking ahea d to a b right future
In the short-term for our utility, we will continue to invest in our infrastructure ­ replacing aging equipment and integrating proven, new technology as it makes sense financially and operationally. By continuing this commitment, we ensure that our customers have the safe, reliable energy and value-added services they have come to expect.

Scott L. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

8

