To m
Y
fellow shareholders:
Imagine a place where “renewable” is not a buzzword
or a mandate but a critical part of a utility’s energy
generation resources. We did, starting in 1889 — long before
it was cool to be green. Today, among America’s 100 largest
utilities, Avista Utilities – our core business – has one of the
smallest carbon footprints among those that are investor-
owned. We are committed to this tradition of environmental
stewardship and efficient use of resources. It’s our best way
to provide our customers the safe, reliable energy they expect
for their lives. It is the power behind green thinking.
To continue this legacy of service, we have steadily been
implementing strategies to strengthen Avista’s financial health.
Our primary focus has been on improving the strategic alignment
of our investments to assure a reliable utility and to establish new
platforms for growth in the future. At the same time, we are vigilant
in managing the prudent use of funds as costs are rapidly escalating
for materials, healthcare and pension expenses, among others.
Returning Avista’s credit rating to investment grade was
a goal we set following the energy crisis of 2000-2001. We
achieved that in 2008. Now our focus is to operate at a level
that will support a stronger corporate credit rating of BBB/
BBB+, improving on the rating of BBB- where we currently
stand. Operating at this level will help reduce long-term
debt costs, benefitting both investors and customers. Along the way, we have continued to
increase shareholder value. In 2008 our board of
directors increased the dividend twice for a total
of 20 percent, from $0.15 to $0.18 per share per
quarter. We intend to recommend to the board
of directors that our dividend continues to grow
so as to be more in line with the utility industry
average of 60 percent to 70 percent of earnings.
Despite the volatility in the financial markets,
we executed some new, reasonably priced debt
and credit transactions during 2008. With these
agreements in place we have the flexibility and
liquidity we need to meet our current obligations.
I’m pleased to report that Advantage IQ —
our subsidiary that provides facility information
and cost-management services to multi-site
companies — continues its growth. Customer
demand for its highly valued services plus its 2008
acquisition of Cadence Network have resulted in
a more robust company. With an expanded pool
of expertise and services, the company is helping
its clients identify and implement sustainable
and environmentally sound energy management
practices. As a result Advantage IQ is well-
positioned to continue its growth, possibly leading
to a monetization event in the next few years.
Avista — and the utility sector as a whole —
is in a cycle of significant capital spending
to meet the need for upgraded generation,
transmission and distribution facilities,
maintenance and replacement of natural
gas systems, and increasing environmental
compliance standards. Our planning has
identified the need for the company to make
significant expenditures over the next 20
years, including investments in wind and other
alternative energy resources. Nearly $210
million of capital expenditures are planned for
both 2009 and 2010. In addition, we’ll incur
major costs associated with relicensing our
Spokane River hydroelectric facilities, which is likely to occur in 2009, following a 2008
landmark settlement agreement with the
Coeur d’Alene Tribe.
These investments are essential to increase
system capacity, enhance the reliability of the
energy we provide and expand our system to
meet customer growth. Infrastructure upgrades
will also include technology enhancements
that will eventually enable two-way
communications and integrate our customer
relationships with smart grid technology.
The timely recovery of costs like these
is essential to the financial strength of our
company and to give every customer useful
information about the true cost of energy. We
implemented new electric and natural gas base
rates in Washington, Idaho and Oregon in
2008. And our projections show additional price
adjustments will be needed in each of the next
few years to recover our increased investments,
as well as to more closely align our rates of
return with those allowed by regulators.
As demand for energy continues to grow,
our commitment is to meet that demand
reliably, responsibly and cost-effectively. But
new energy comes at a price. While renewable
and alternative energy will continue to play
an increasingly important role in our future,
building new sources of generation is costly.
We know that the lowest cost “new” resource
is energy efficiency. That’s why we have been
helping our customers understand and use
energy efficiently for nearly three decades.
Climate change is at the forefront of many
of today’s public policy debates. And the devil
will be in the details of how cap and trade
legislation or other mandates will be finalized.
We believe that the acknowledgement of legacy
hydroelectric and biomass generation plants must
be an important consideration. So, we are active
participants in helping to shape the legislation.
3
There is also work
still ahead for Avista
to acquire the additional
resources needed
to meet current state
renewable standards.
We are confident we have
the strategies in place to meet
these expectations, but they
will come with high price tags.
Keeping an eye on the road
ahead, we are working with innovators
to pilot technologies that just may bring
the next breakthrough in alternative energy
generation. Our Clean Energy Test Site is
providing emerging energy companies the
chance to test new renewable technologies in
a utility scale environment. It also gives us the
chance to gain early insight into the potential of
such devices for serving our own customers.
The power behind green thinking. It’s
happening daily at Avista. Our talented employees
are working to find ways of using technology
that further streamline operations; to reuse
and recycle all we can; to create and to put in
operation innovative ways of providing the
energy our customers want in ways that are cost
effective and sustainable for the future; and
to continue our nationally recognized legacy
of being good stewards of our environment.
We will continue to stay the course we
have set for ourselves – delivering excellent
service to our customers, making prudent and
strategic investments in energy systems, and
earning a fair return for you, the investors
who enable all that we do. Thank you.
Scott L. Morris
Chairman, president and Chief Executive officer