Avon enters the new millennium with optimism and confidence in the future. Our global direct-selling operations continue to grow profitably, we are implementing strategies to further strengthen the core business and we believe passionately in the power of the Avon brand to extend beyond the bounds of our current business and open up new avenues for growth.
The management of your company is energized by the opportunities we foresee. At the same time, we are very conscious of our responsibility to deliver consistent financial results as well as demonstrate measurable progress against a longer-term vision for Avon.
Having been named CEO in November, I am honored to be taking over the leadership of this great company at a time of such historic and fast-moving changes. The contributions of Charlie Perrin, who retired as CEO in November, are greatly appreciated, particularly his leadership in developing a strategic framework for Avon. And, of course, the legacy of Jim Preston, who retired as Chairman of the Board in May after 35 years with the company, will always be remembered.
I am pleased to report to you on the highlights of the past year, provide an update on our current initiatives and share our view on the future outlook for your company.
MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS
Strong 1999 Financial Results
By just about any measure, 1999 was a year of solid progress for Avon. In terms of financial performance, the company achieved several important milestones:
• Sales reached a record $5.3 billion, up1% from1998, despite the strength of the dollar which reduced reported revenue from many overseas markets. More indicative of the strength of our global operations was the 9% sales increase in local currencies, driven by 9% unit growth and gains in every geographic region.
• Diluted earnings per share also reached a record level of $1.64 (before one-time charges related to our reengineering initiatives). This was an 11% increase over1998 and Avon’s11th consecutive year of solid earnings growth.
• We achieved a record operating margin before charges of 13.3%, repre- senting an improvement of 130 basis points, with strong year-over-year gains in each quarter. Similarly, gross margin reached an eleven-year high of 62.5%, with steady advances throughout the year.
Once again in 1999, Avon’s global portfolio of operations proved to be an important advantage, as substantial profit growth in Europe, Asia and parts of Latin America offset the effects of a maxi-devaluation of Brazil’s currency in January and a softer-than-expected performance in the U.S. in the second half of the year. We feel very good about the consolidated results we achieved, especially considering that the Brazilian currency devaluation alone cost Avon five percentage points of sales growth and six points of earnings-per-share growth in 1999.
An important factor in 1999’s profit improvement was the continuing success of our Business Process Redesign (BPR) initiatives, which are intended to modernize and simplify the way we operate, as well as leverage the advantages of being a global company in areas like purchasing, manufacturing and distribution.
   
  2
Gross Margin
64%
62%
60%
Operating Margin
14%
13%
12%
11%
Launched in 1998, BPR has resulted in total benefits so far of about $250 million, and we expect to achieve our cumulative three-year target of $400 million by the end of 2000. Just as important, we foresee many new areas of opportunity to free up additional resources to help fund our growth strategies and bolster bottom-line profits.
1999 Stock Performance
Despite the excellent efforts of Avon’s associates around the world in 1999, how- ever, Avon’s earnings growth fell somewhat short of what we had targeted and what Wall Street expected. For that reason, plus the unprecedented stock market volatility and negative investor sentiment toward consumer products companies in general, Avon’s stock price dropped sharply in the second half and finished the year down 25%. This followed five- and ten-year periods when Avon significantly outperformed the S&P 500 on a cumulative total return basis.
While we were disappointed with the performance of Avon’s stock in 1999, we took advantage of the stock price decline to significantly accelerate the pace of our share repurchases. In the fourth quarter we purchased approximately 20 million shares for a cost of $572 million, or $28.63 per share. That substantially completed our current $1.1 billion buyback program well ahead of plan. We expect additional share repurchases to continue in the future, as an effective way to return capital to investors.
We intend to use cash dividends, as well, to further enhance shareholder value. On February 3, 2000, Avon increased the dividend for the10th straight year to an annualized rate of $.74 per share.
We believe we have the strategies in place to generate consistent and attrac- tive earnings growth over the long-term, which is the surest way to deliver on our commitment to create value for our investors and earn their confidence.
We have significantly expanded
AVON’S GROSS AND OPERATING MARGINS,
with further improvements expected in the future.
 93 94 95 96 97 98 99
93 94 95 96 97 98 99

  Jose Ferreira,
Chief Operating Officer, International and New Business Development; and Susan Kropf,
Chief Operating Officer, North America and Global Business Operations.
We are targeting annual percentage earnings-per-share growth for the next several years in the low- to mid-teens range, which we believe is a realistic, achiev- able goal. It is a somewhat more conservative target than the16–18% growth objective the company announced in1997 and, importantly, it will also allow us to reinvest more resources to reach more customers and accelerate revenue growth.
Strategies For Growth
Our top strategic priorities are (1) to strengthen Avon’s brand image through prod- uct innovation and consumer awareness, and (2) improve access to our products by modernizing our direct-selling system and opening up complementary channels
for consumers. Highlights of our strategic initiatives for 2000 include:
• A 50% increase in global advertising spending to approximately $90 million, including more than doubling the U.S. advertising budget to around $40 million.
• An incremental $20 million expenditure to upgrade the look and feel of our campaign sales brochures in
our five largest markets, with particular emphasis on show- casing our global beauty brands.
• The roll-out to our ten top markets of the Sales Leadership program, a form of marketing that provides greater earnings opportunities to career-minded women who sell Avon and also recruit and mentor new representatives.
• The $30 million launch of a new, greatly expand- ed Avon.com Internet website that will enable our representatives to transact busi-
ness far more productively with Avon and their customers, while also providing access for consumers who don’t shop via the direct-selling channel.
These expenditures will support one of the strongest new product programs in recent years in 2000, including high-impact, breakthrough concepts in beauty, a major push into the huge hair-care market and the global expansion of our highly successful U.S. jewelry business.
Incremental sales from these initiatives, combined with a lower anticipated impact from foreign currency translation, should result in revenue growth in 2000 in the mid-single-digit range, versus the1% Avon reported in1999.
It is also important to note that these business strategies are targeted primarily towards our core consumer base, including existing customers, as well as women who would consider buying Avon products but currently don’t, and customers who buy only certain of our products but not others.
Those segments represent a huge potential market of new consumers without reaching beyond our core demographic. And, we intend to capitalize on those opportunities aggressively with a well-executed, well-financed game plan. 3
Broadening Avon’s Customer Base
But we also believe that the Avon brand has the potential to attract a much broader consumer base, both in the U.S. and internationally. So, while person-to-person direct selling in the mass market will continue to be Avon’s primary distribution channel, we are also actively exploring ways to access new customer segments via new channels that complement–and don’t compete with–our traditional busi- ness model.
 
Local Currency Sales
$ In billions
Base year = 1995
7.0 6.0 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
• Sales, Constant U.S. Dollars (excludes currency translation)
• Sales, Actual U.S. Dollars
+ 9.0%
+ 4.2%
Compound annual growth rate
The strong dollar in
recent years has masked
SIGNIFICANTLY HIGHER SALES GROWTH in local currencies.
                4
For example, Avon has had excellent success in international markets with different forms of retail selling, ranging from franchised outlets owned by representa- tives, to Avon-run beauty counters in department stores.
In our largest market, the U.S., our test of free-standing beauty centers in approx- imately 50 shopping malls around the country has been very encouraging. These retail sales have been almost entirely incremental, so we know we can attract new consumers without conflicting with our representatives. We believe we can use what we’ve learned to successfully build a significant retail business in the U.S. that comple- ments our direct-selling channel and we expect to announce a retail strategy in 2000.
We also see tremendous business-building opportunities on the Internet. Our first major initiative is to empower our half-million U.S. representatives to create a new e-business for themselves. By providing them with the right tools, backed by Avon’s reputation, aggressive marketing support and a greater earnings opportunity, we think we can redefine direct selling for a new generation of women in this
age of rapid technological change.
Following the U.S. launch, we anticipate a global expansion of the e-representative concept beginning in 2001. As we move more and more of our business online, we will benefit from the enormous efficiencies of electronic order processing, versus the paper-based systems currently employed in many of our markets.
We also know that the Internet has the power to fundamentally transform
Avon’s global business the way it is transforming “bricks-and-mortar” companies in virtually every industry today. That’s why we are currently studying new business opportunities, too, that could combine Avon’s universal brand awareness and world- wide order fulfillment capability with the latest Internet technology to open up entirely new growth vectors for the company. We expect to develop further Internet approaches in 2000.
A Thoughtful Transformation of Avon
We are confident that we can successfully implement our business plans and bring about a thoughtful transformation of Avon. That will mean strengthening the direct- selling foundation that has been so successful for over a century, while also chart- ing a bold new course for the future.
95 96 97 98 99
 
Global beauty brands are a
KEY ELEMENT OF AVON’S STRATEGY
to enhance its image with consumers worldwide.
The senior management changes we made in 1999 should greatly facilitate this transformation. The creation of an Office of the Chief Executive, consisting of myself and two chief operating officers–Susan Kropf, head of North America; and Joe Ferreira, head of International–will speed decision making and establish clear lines of accountability within Avon. Susan and Joe are two of Avon’s most experi- enced and dynamic executives and are extremely well respected throughout the company. Also, the realignment of our operating business units in December gives some of our most knowledgeable direct-selling executives broader authority to implement in their respective markets.
In addition, we are instilling throughout Avon a sense of urgency around the need for decisive action and calculated risk-taking. “Pride, speed and perform- ance” have become the watchwords for all of our associates as we strive to foster a high-performance culture around the Avon world.
And, the Board of Directors, chaired by Stanley Gault, a highly experienced outside director, is providing valuable advice and counsel to management as we accelerate implementation of our strategic plans.
Two new directors joined Avon’s board in 1999: Lawrence Weinbach, Chairman, President and CEO of Unisys Corporation; and Fred Hassan, President and CEO of Pharmacia and Upjohn, Inc. They, along with our other outstanding directors, represent a reservoir of talent and expertise that Avon’s management intends to take full advantage of as we move confidently into the future.
Whatever future course the company takes as it expands and adapts, this management team will always be guided by Avon’s long-standing vision: to be the company that best understands and satisfies the product, service and self-fulfillment needs of women–globally.
That vision is more relevant today than ever before, as women all over the
world choose brands they can rely on and companies that are in touch with
their concerns and aspirations. Avon has a proud tradition of supporting women, including our unprecedented $100 million fund raising for breast cancer early
detection, prevention and–beginning in 2000–research for a cure. We firmly
believe that striving to be the company for women provides a clear focus for
everything we do–from new product development to representative service to con-
sumer access–and gives us a unique competitive advantage in the marketplace, 5 as we build the new Avon for the new millennium.
Sincerely,
Andrea Jung,
President & Chief Executive Officer March1, 2000
 Sales of Core Global Brands
$ In millions
1750 1500 1250 1000 750 500 250
            95 96 97 98 99
    