To Our Shareholders: I am writing this letter to you on the milestone of Avon's 125th anniversary. Thirty-four years before American women won the right to vote, Avon was founded on the principle of empowering women to earn an income for themselves and their families. Decade in and decade out, we have continuously evolved to meet the changing needs of our Representatives and Customers while staying true to our founding principle of serving women's needs. Only a handful of Fortune 500 companies have been in business for well over a century, and Avon is one of them.
Avon's anniversary year marks another significant period of evolution for your company. Following a disappointing performance in 2010, we are taking aggressive actions to get the business back on track as quickly as possible. As I reflect on 2010, the year was a tale of two halves. In the first half, we delivered high single-digit organic revenue growth and meaningful operating margin expansion. In the second half, organic revenue growth softened to the low single digits, pressuring operating margin for the balance of the year. As the business softened, we conducted extensive research which confirmed that our performance in the second half of 2010 largely reflected execution and operational challenges in several key markets. Our direct-selling model and world-class Beauty portfolio remain as relevant as ever. Avon continues to command 90% consumer brand awareness and strong market shares, and we hold the number one position in direct selling globally.

Empowering women for 125 years

Building on this strength, in 2011 we are committed to restoring field momentum and returning the business to the growth levels we have seen over the past several years and, importantly, to a higher level of profitability. We will do this by focusing on excellence in execution across every aspect of our business.

MANAGEMENT E XECUTION
Excellence in execution begins with the right management structure. In 2005, Avon cut the number of its management layers in half and reduced the size of the overall management team by 30%. This change enabled us to become faster and more nimble, and set the stage for a period of significant growth. In 2005, Avon was an $8 billion dollar business. At the end of 2010, we had grown to almost $11 billion. The previous management structure was no longer appropriate to meet the more complex needs of the business today. To respond, in February 2011, Avon announced a comprehensive management realignment to enhance the company's operational rigor and better position us to execute more effectively across the portfolio. The new management structure increases management depth and operational oversight of our Commercial Business Units, capitalizing on the talent of some of our most experienced and seasoned executives, while also allowing us the opportunity to attract world-class talent at a senior level.

BRAND E XECUTION
With this new management structure, we are raising the bar for executional excellence. Executing flawlessly to strengthen our world-class beauty brand is one of our most critical priorities. Between 2006 and 2009, Avon's Beauty growth consistently outpaced the industry. In 2010, overall Beauty sales grew roughly in line with the market. Fragrance increased an exceptional 12% in constant dollars (11% on a reported basis), as Outspoken by Fergie became the biggest fragrance launch in Avon's history. Color and Personal Care also grew solidly. However, these positive performances were offset by a decline in Skincare, where our business struggled in the mass and value segments. Restoring growth in Skincare is a key priority for 2011. In the value segment, we are launching Avon Care--a comprehensive line of skincare and body products targeted for developing markets. In the mass segment, we are revitalizing Avon Solutions with revamped formulas, brand and packaging.

2010 Annual Repor t

Executing flawlessly to strengthen our world-class beauty brand is one of our most critical priorities.

We will also continue to defend our world-famous ANEW anti-aging Skincare brand with new, first-to-market innovations. These include the launch of ANEW Solar Advance, which reverses visible sun damage. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2011 we will launch a ground-breaking new product 10 years in the making, inspired by genetic research on longevity.

DIRECT SELLING E XECUTION
Strong Beauty growth is always driven by strong growth in Active Representatives. Active Representatives grew 4% in 2010 compared to 10% in 2009. Therefore, another critical priority is to re-energize the field through excellence in direct-selling execution. As part of this, in 2011 we are shifting some money away from advertising to field programs that enhance the value proposition for our Representatives across both our developed and developing markets. In the U.S., our most developed market, we are investing $20 million in 2011 to improve Sales Leadership earnings. We are also evaluating significant longer-term changes to our Sales Leadership model to include more leadership titles and levels, increasing the overall compensation opportunity. In addition, we have launched new advertising in the U.S. as well as the U.K. to promote the benefits of shopping through the direct-selling channel. Among our developing markets, Brazil and Russia are our top priorities. While orders in Brazil increased 30% since 2007 and reached an all-time high in fourth quarter 2010 with 1.4 million orders per selling campaign, these record orders have strained our legacy systems. We are investing aggressively in infrastructure and technology to support our rapid growth in this priority market.

Empowering Women for 125 years

In Russia, following social benefit tax changes that impacted our first year Sales Leaders, we are introducing a new Sales Leadership compensation plan that increases their earnings potential by 25%. We are also strengthening field incentives and consumer promotions to drive improvements in Representative productivity. In addition to Brazil and Russia, we also continue to benefit from our leadership positions in other markets across the developing world. For example, 2010 revenue in constant dollars increased over 60% in South Africa, over 50% in India, 17% in Central America, 14% in Ukraine, and 10% in Colombia and the Philippines. (In reported currency, revenue increased 82% in South Africa, 65% in India, 16% in Central America, 12% in Ukraine, 25% in Colombia, and 15% in the Philippines.) We continue to remain positive on our long-term opportunity in China, where our focus is on transitioning from retail to a full direct-selling model.

Strong beauty growth is always driven by strong growth in Active Representatives.

Across our geographic portfolio, we continue to enhance the overall value proposition for Representatives, making it easier for them to sell and serve their customers. In 2010, we launched a comprehensive suite of e-tools, including the e-brochure and other web-based tracking tools. Our focus now is on driving broad-based geographic coverage and usage of these tools. Also in 2010, we launched a major new initiative to transform the service proposition for our Representatives and customers. We are taking an end-to-end look at their entire Avon experience. This includes order submission, product availability, product fulfillment, returns and customer service.

2010 Annual Repor t

OPER ATING MARGIN E XECUTION
Our investments in this new service proposition and other long-term growth initiatives will be paced to ensure that we expand operating margin in 2011 and beyond. Expanding operating margin is one of our most critical commitments to our shareholders. As we started 2010, given our strong sales, we had fully anticipated that we would expand operating margin even in the face of unexpected costs. As sales momentum slowed in the back half of the year, this negatively impacted our operating margin performance. As we begin 2011, the entire organization is aligned around the need to execute against our operating margin target. We are moving aggressively to contain overhead costs. We are recalibrating the timing of our longer-term investments. And, importantly, we have tightly aligned management compensation around achieving a mid-teens operating margin by 2013, with significant improvement beginning this year. In terms of the balance sheet, we recently announced our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases for our shareholders. Also in 2010 we acquired two companies-- Liz Earle, a line of naturally active skincare products, and Silpada, the largest direct seller of sterling silver jewelry. These are Avon's first major acquisitions in almost two decades, and are part of our strategy to reach new customers with products at highertier price points as we continue to position ourselves for future growth.

BUILDING ON A 125 YE AR HERITAGE OF SUCCESS
As we think about the future, we will continue to build on the unique advantage conferred by our iconic Beauty brand and powerful Representative channel. Avon is by far the largest engine of economic empowerment for women on earth. Our 6.5 million Avon Representatives serve more than 300 million customers in over 100 countries. Avon Representatives sell four lipsticks every single second of the day. They have sold one billion dollars of ANEW, and they have made Avon number one in mass fragrance worldwide.* The Avon sales brochure is the largest publication of any type in the world. But beyond our powerful brand and sales channel, Avon is also a powerful force for social good. In partnership with our Avon Representatives, we have raised and awarded more than $800 million to causes that improve women's lives. We are the largest corporate supporter of the breast cancer cause and a leader in the fight to end violence against women. Avon's Hello Green Tomorrow program raised funds to plant 2 million

*Source: Euromonitor International; Beauty and Personal Care 2010; mass fragrances category; global values sales at retail selling price for the year 2009; all retail channels.

Empowering Women for 125 years

In partnership with our Avon Representatives, we have raised and awarded more than $800 million to causes that improve women's lives.
trees to help restore the Atlantic Rain Forest in South America, and through our Paper Promise we have committed to purchase 100% of our brochure paper from certified or post-consumer recycled content sources within 10 years. So as we celebrate the company's 125th anniversary this year, we also celebrate Avon's many unique strengths and our continuing belief in the opportunities ahead. This year we are traveling to 16 cities around the world on the "Avon Believe World Tour." From London to Istanbul, from Warsaw to Mexico City, our goal is to inspire and motivate 125,000 Representatives on our 125th anniversary and create a groundswell of pride in being a part of Avon. 125 years ago Avon's founder, a visionary entrepreneur named David H. McConnell, wrote:

If you will push ahead energetically, confident of your success to reach the goal for which you are striving, there will be no question of your winning out.
During this milestone year for Avon, that's exactly what we're doing: moving energetically ahead to address our challenges and unleash our opportunities.

2010 Annual Repor t

Our goal is to inspire and motivate 125,000 Representatives on our 125th anniversary and create a groundswell of pride in being a part of Avon.

In closing, I want to thank everyone on whose support we rely, including our millions of Avon Representatives and approximately 42,000 associates around the world. Thank you for your continuing dedication to the company. I also want to acknowledge our outstanding Board of Directors for their guidance and counsel. And finally, I would like to acknowledge you, the Avon shareholder. You have our commitment that this management team is moving quickly to get the business back on track. With focus and resolve, and with your support, we are determined to reach the goal for which we are striving: sustainable growth and increased profitability for your company.

Andrea Jung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2011

Empowering Women for 125 years

