  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2005 marked my sixth year as Avon’s chief executive, and following five consecutive years of exceptional growth, it was certainly a chal- lenging year. But equally, 2005 was a year of tremendous learning, deepened strategic understanding and thoughtful recalibration as we committed to restoring Avon to sustain- able growth.
As I reflect on last year’s results, it is clear that a combination of factors pressured our per- formance. Externally, we faced a soft con- sumer environment in many developed mar- kets, while competitors ramped up the level of competitive intensity in Avon’s developing market stronghold. Internally, we underin- vested against our core Beauty category, and our growing scale in recent years added oper- ational complexity and challenged our organi- zational capabilities.
That being said, throughout Avon’s history, we have always responded rapidly and decisively to changing market dynamics, and as we entered 2006, things were no different. Avon is one of a select number of companies to have survived and thrived for well over a cen- tury, including more than 50 uninterrupted
years as a member of the Fortune 500. This ability to course-correct in response to chang- ing market dynamics continues to serve us well and underpins our path going forward.
Looking ahead, we believe the fundamental equities of our business will continue to be strong and to serve us well. Beauty is a growing category globally, and Avon’s icon- ic brand name is recognized by consumers everywhere. With more than five million Avon Representatives, we are the world’s largest direct seller by far, and we enjoy leading market shares in many of the more than 100 countries where we do business around the globe.
As we entered 2006, we launched a compre- hensive, multi-year turnaround plan to restore sustainable growth. This plan builds on our key equities and focuses on unleashing the full power of our unique brand and channel. The goal of our plan is to dramatically reduce our enterprise cost base and significantly acceler- ate our investment in growth through four key actions: 1) Commit to Brand Competitiveness; 2) Win with Commercial Edge; 3) Elevate Organization Effectiveness; and 4) Radically Transform the Cost Structure.
Avon is one of a select number of companies to have survived and thrived for well over a century, including more than 50 uninterrupted years as a member of the Fortune 500.
 
  Restoring
to Sustainable Growth
COMMIT TO
BRAND COMPETITIVENESS
WIN WITH
COMMERCIAL EDGE
ELEVATE
ORGANIZATION EFFECTIVENESS
RADICALLY TRANSFORM
THE COST STRUCTURE
 COMMIT TO BRAND COMPETITIVENESS
Beauty growth, as always, remains at the heart of our long-term strategy. Between 1999 and 2004, sales of Avon’s Beauty products grew two-to-three times faster than the industry overall. In 2005 however, Beauty sales while up slightly, underperformed the market as competitors ramped up their level of innova- tion and advertising, particularly in anti-aging skin care, where our premium brand Anew has been a market leader.
To restore sustainable growth, we are signifi- cantly increasing our investment in product innovation, strengthening and repositioning key mid-tier brands such as our mass skin care brand, Avon Solutions, and our flagship cos- metics line, Avon Color. We are underpene- trated in the market at these mid-tier price segments, and both these brands represent major untapped growth opportunities.
With the opening of Avon’s new $100 million state-of-the-art research and development facility in Suffern, New York, we are fueling a full product pipeline in 2006 and beyond. This includes, not only continued innovation in our premium Anew line, but the launch of a new Avon Solutions franchise called Ageless Results, with anti-aging technology now for- mulated at a mass price point to capitalize on growing consumer interest in this segment. We also have an exciting pipeline in color cos- metics with breakthroughs planned in the nail, lip and mascara categories.
This renewed focus on innovation will be sup- ported by a significant acceleration in advertising, with spending planned to more than double by 2008. In 2006 alone, total company advertising will increase by 50%, with a doubling of the U.S. advertising spend, and significant increases as well in high-focus international markets, includ- ing Brazil, Russia, China and Mexico.
With these increases, we are also extending our advertising buys well beyond the launch of a product, focusing on media continuity as part of our brand-building strategy. During 2006, U.S. television advertising frequency will increase four fold compared to 2005. Underpinning these investments is a recently completed quantitative analysis that shows advertising delivers a greater payback for Avon than for the average consumer product com- pany because of its ability to motivate both our consumers and our Representatives.
To restore sustainable growth, we are significantly increasing our investment in product innovation and more than doubling adver- tising spending by 2008.
  2005 Annual Report 3

  Global Research & Development Center, Suffern, NY.
WIN WITH COMMERCIAL EDGE
Along with our world-famous beauty brand, Avon also has one of the most compelling consumer sales channels in the world. This includes the power of the Avon sales brochure—one of the largest publications of any type in the world today—and the power of the personal relationships Avon Representatives enjoy with more than 300 million customers around the globe.
To capitalize on this winning commercial advantage, we are elevating the Avon shopping experience with enhanced brochure and merchandising excellence and more compelling consumer promotions, including exciting alliances with partners in key markets across the world.
We are also making the brochure more shop- pable through stronger, individually branded
We are elevating the Avon shopping experience with enhanced brochure and merchandising excellence and more compelling consumer promotions.
stores like mark our beauty brand for young women. Mark maintains its own distinct identity and voice within the Avon brochure as well as in a separate brochure of its own. This, along with the brand’s strong product appeal, advertising and merchandising excitement, has helped make mark, in just two short years, one of the top brands for young women in America today, and propelled the brand’s 40% sales growth in 2005.
To support our Representatives, we are signifi- cantly increasing investment in our direct selling channel and we have established a centrally managed Global Direct Selling function.
This new Global Direct Selling team will help to accelerate the worldwide rollout of Avon Sales Leadership, a multi-level marketing pro- gram that enables Representatives to earn through personal sales, and also through bonuses from the sales of other Representatives they have recruited and trained. And importantly, we’re creating the new Avon Direct Selling university to institu- tionalize world-class training for our sales leaders across the globe, ensuring consistency and focus across all markets.
We are thrilled that 2006 will be the year we relaunch direct selling in China, our largest growth opportunity market. As we went to press with this report, we received our license allowing us to begin recruiting and to conduct direct selling in China. We are hon- ored that the Chinese authorities selected Avon as the first to receive a license. In 2006, we will also begin to expand our busi- ness in the world’s second largest market of women, India. And, we will continue to further our direct selling reach in other sig- nificant markets such as Russia and Brazil, capitalizing on our very strong market posi- tions to drive continued growth.
 
 Avon’s Unique Competitive Advantage
WORLD CLASS CONSUMER BRAND
POWERFUL CONSUMER CHANNEL
ELEVATE ORGANIZATION EFFECTIVENESS
To fully benefit from our many growth opportu- nities, it is imperative that our operating struc- ture evolve to be faster and more nimble in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.
We are moving very aggressively to redesign and streamline our organizational structure, targeting a very significant reduction in over- head costs through consolidation and integra- tion of our worldwide operations. This will leverage our global scale more efficiently and also improve the speed of information flow and decision making.
At the end of 2005, to support our critical operating priorities we announced a new global operating structure that increases the number of geographic business units from four to six. China and Central & Eastern Europe now become stand-alone operating units, along with North America; Latin America; Western Europe, Middle East & Africa; and Asia Pacific.
We also renamed these geographic regions Commercial Business Units, or CBUs, reflect-
ing the role they play in the new structure. CBUs own the “moments of truth” with our Representatives and consumers and are accountable for our key commercial strate- gies to deliver direct selling and merchandis- ing excellence.
Supporting these CBUs in our new structure are two equally empowered Global Business Units, or GBUs—Brand Marketing and Global Supply Chain. These critical disciplines will be managed centrally and integrated worldwide, with enterprise-wide accountability for deliver- ing world-class products at world-class costs.
With this new organizational structure, we are properly aligned to maximize the power of both our brand and channel, and to respond quickly and effectively to the global market- place as we aggressively build market share and win new customers.
With this new organiza- tional structure, we are properly aligned to maximize the power of both our brand and channel.
In connection with this structural realignment, we also are moving rapidly to flatten the organization and reduce management layers to bring our senior leaders closer to our mar- kets, and our markets closer to our Representatives and our consumers. When we complete this initiative during 2006, we expect to have halved the number of layers, reduced the number of management positions by 20% to 30% and created a leaner, more efficient, and more effective management team.
   2005 Annual Report 5

   TOTAL REVENUE
8 6 4 2
 01 02 03 04 05 $ In Billions
 NUMBER OF ACTIVE REPRESENTATIVES WORLDWIDE
5 4 3 2 1
           01 02 03 04 05 In Millions
   EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
          abccd
01 02 03 04 05 In Dollars
 a 2001 includes net loss of ($.12) from restructuring charges, Sears settlement, Argentina tax settlement
b 2002 includes restructuring charges of ($.05)
c 2003 and 2004 include $.01 benefits from an adjustment to previously recorded restructuring charges
d 2005 includes charges of ($.09) associated with our restructuring initiatives including other costs to implement
RADICALLY TRANSFORM THE COST STRUCTURE
This effort to reduce management layers is just one of a number of enterprise-wide restructuring initiatives that will take place over the next several years to reduce complex- ity and cost on a global basis. We also will implement projects focused on realigning our global manufacturing base; securing addi- tional supply chain efficiencies in the areas of procurement and distribution processes; and regionalizing, centralizing and outsourcing certain activities and transactional processes. Virtually every part of the organization will be touched by restructuring.
There will be a significant cost to implement these initiatives, which we estimate will be in the range of $500 million over the next sever- al years. In the fourth quarter of 2005, we recorded $56 million in restructuring costs. We also anticipate the largest impact from restruc- turing costs in 2006, so we view 2006 as a transition year, with business recovery planned to start in 2007.
When fully implemented, we expect the combination of all our restructuring initia- tives to deliver in excess of $300 million in savings annually, and these savings are nec- essary to invest in the business to fuel future sales growth.
In total, we expect our restructuring initiatives
to deliver over $300 million in savings annually, which will be largely reinvested
in growth.

 In addition to restructuring, we are elevating our focus on day-to-day operating discipline and cost controls. We see enormous cost-sav- ing opportunities by simplifying business systems, harmonizing processes, increasing shared service centers and reducing the total number of products as part of our strategy to build bigger, better brands.
By adopting a constant turnaround mentali- ty, we are determined to hold fixed costs flat to down even as growth accelerates. This, coupled with the benefits of restructuring will enable us to continually reinvest in our business, at greater levels than at any time in the past.
COMMITTING TO THE FUTURE
With this comprehensive turnaround plan, we are confident that we are taking the right actions and making the necessary changes to strengthen Avon for the future and return the company to sustainable growth. In recent months we have made good progress with the implementation, and I can assure you that the Avon organization is committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure that we emerge an even more formidable competitor in both beauty and direct selling.
As we look to the future, we do so with con- fidence in the enduring equities of our unique business model, including our personal rela- tionships with women and the power of the Avon earnings opportunity which helps trans- form lives. These timeless strengths have underpinned the company’s longevity over the years, driving extraordinary competitive advantage decade after decade in an ever- changing world.
As the company for women, we also are com- mitted to being a champion for causes that make a difference, such as our fights against breast cancer and domestic violence. The power of our relationships and our sense of social purpose will continue to set Avon apart going forward.
There’s another powerful equity that will con- tinue to set us apart, and that’s the power of Avon’s people. And so, in closing, I want to extend some very special recognition to all those who have supported our business this year, including the millions of Avon Representatives around the world and our team of committed Avon associates who are working so hard to ensure the long-term suc- cess of our company.
I also want to recognize our exceptional Board of Directors, whose counsel and guid- ance is always so invaluable, but even more so this past year. In 2005, we were pleased to welcome a new member to the Avon Board: Paul Pressler, President and CEO of Gap Inc., whose extensive knowledge and unique per- spective have added so much to the business since he joined us.
As we look to the future, we do so with confidence in the enduring equities
of our unique business model.
  2005 Annual Report 7

 In addition, I want to extend some very special recognition to another member of the Avon Board: Avon’s President and Chief Operating Officer Susan J. Kropf, who has announced that she will be retiring from Avon in 2006.
During Susan’s extraordinary, 35-year career with the company, she has helped launch many of our most important and successful strategies and led strong growth in our top markets. Susan’s experience in virtually every aspect of company operations and the breadth of her business perspective have been instrumental in helping drive Avon’s growth in recent years.
With her deep commitment to the company and her strong sense of personal integrity, Susan has been a guiding light and beacon for all of us at Avon. For me personally, she has been both a trusted business partner and a loyal friend. We thank Susan for her years of dedicat- ed service and for her many outstanding contri- butions, and we wish her great happiness in her well-deserved retirement.
On a final note, I also want to thank you, the Avon shareholder. We truly appreciate your understanding and support as we implement our turnaround plan and position Avon for sus- tainable growth. We are aggressively moving forward, and we will be relentless in our execu- tion and focus.
As we celebrate Avon’s 120th anniversary in 2006, we know that the best way to honor the past is to master the future. You have our commitment that we will do our very best to capture the many opportunities ahead, and ensure Avon’s continuing success in the years to come.
Andrea Jung
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2006
  