  to our SHAREHOLDERS
Since I joined Avon as Chief Executive Officer, my clear focus has been on turning this great company around. Nearly one year into my role leading Avon, I am even more confident that we will achieve our vision:
Return Avon to its rightful place as an iconic Beauty Brand with products that consumers love and demand, while at the same time reinforcing our global leadership in Direct Selling, and fulfilling our mission to Empower Women.
There is a lot of work ahead of us to achieve this vision. But with the support and engagement
of our 39,000 Associates and more than six million active Representatives who love and believe in
this company, I know we can succeed.
2012 was a challenging year for Avon. While I’m pleased that we began to see early signs of stabilization in the fourth quarter, our overall full-year results were disappointing. Compared to the prior year, 2012 total revenue of $10.7 billion decreased 5%, or was flat in constant dollars, total Beauty sales declined 5%, or increased 1% on a constant-dollar basis, active Representatives declined 1%, and units sold were unchanged.
We are working with a sense of urgency to tackle near-term issues quickly and address longer-term challenges. We have made important progress starting in the second half of 2012. We significantly strengthened the senior leadership team. This included recruiting strong external talent to lead global marketing, legal, human resources, supply chain, and communications, as well as setting clear expectations of accountability and discipline for all Avon leaders. We have prioritized our geographic portfolio and begun to implement stabilization plans for key markets. We also
  
 “ I am very confident that we will return
Avon to growth.We have more than six million active, independent Avon Representatives who believe in Avon and want us to succeed.We have an enviable geographic footprint and an enduring brand.
prioritized our product categories and are focused on winning in Color, Fragrance, Skincare, and Fashion & Home. We are fast-tracking mobile and social media technologies that will help our Representatives connect with their customers and improve their
ease of doing business with Avon.
At the same time, we have begun to reduce the cost base, improve focus on cash management, and improve our capital structure. Late in 2012, we announced initial actions of our cost savings initiative, including the exit of two markets, realignment of our supply chain in North America, and a headcount reduction of approximately 1,500. Those actions, when completed, are expected to generate approximately $70 million in annual savings. We also made a significant reduction in the dividend, which better aligns with Avon’s current operating performance and our peer group. While these were not easy decisions to make, they are critical to restoring Avon’s financial health. And, we began efforts to improve our capital structure with the goal of extending our debt maturity profile and improving our financial flexibility.
In addition, we continued the tremendous work of the Avon Foundation for Women and made important contributions toward the causes we support: ending breast cancer and preventing domestic violence. These causes are fully aligned with our mission
of empowering women, and resonate with our Representatives and consumers. I saw the power of our Foundation’s work firsthand last fall when I participated in the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer
in New York.
Looking to the future, we have outlined our
goals for you: mid-single-digit revenue growth, low-double-digit operating margin, and cost savings of $400 million by 2016. These are aggressive, but reasonable goals. To deliver on these goals, we have developed a strategic framework focused on three priorities: Executing our Growth Platforms; Driving Simplification and Efficiency;
and Improving Organizational Effectiveness.
EXECUTING OUR GROWTH PLATFORMS
To execute our growth platforms, we are focused on innovating the consumer proposition; transforming the Representative experience; and optimizing
our geographies.
Innovating the consumer proposition is our lead priority because our Representatives need great products to sell. We are sharpening our consumer insights to deliver relevant and local positioning. We are creating and executing our focused category strategies in Color, Fragrance, Skincare and Fashion & Home. Working together, each of these categories has a role to play in bringing a world of Beauty home to our consumers. Aligning these global category strategies with local consumer demands in our key markets will significantly improve the appeal and effectiveness of our product portfolio. We are also creating a globally consistent brand strategy to improve brand health and to improve access to our products.
Transforming the Representative Experience
requires keeping our Representatives at the center of everything we do. Avon’s more than 6 million active, independent sales Representatives are our competitive advantage. They are the social
 “

connection between our brand and consumers. They are trusted partners – driving campaign energy and serving as ambassadors for our products
in every corner of the world. Our responsibility is
to enable our Representatives to succeed in
their businesses. We have the opportunity to use technology to support our Representatives – by better connecting them with their customers and making it easier to do business with Avon. We also need to ensure that Avon’s earnings opportunity, rewards and recognition are competitive.
Optimizing Geographies entails defining the role that each market plays in our business, prioritizing energy and resources in those key markets and, when appropriate, exiting underperforming markets. Avon has a strong geographic footprint, with approximately 70% of our business today coming from developing markets. The majority of projected growth in the global Beauty industry is expected to be generated in developing markets over the next few years, therefore Avon is well positioned.
DRIVING SIMPLIFICATION AND EFFICIENCY
To support sustainable growth, we also need to drive simplification and efficiency and get costs out of our business. In addition to identifying opportunities to reduce short-term costs, we are looking for ways to simplify our business model for the long-term, improve our processes and increase discipline, and modernize our Information Technology systems.
As we take steps to simplify the business, we
will include a careful evaluation in our top markets of our campaign cycle, the complexity of the sales model approach, and the need to right-size our product line. On the back-end, we are working to streamline financial reporting, simplify our systems, streamline the innovation process, and standardize components and materials.
By 2016, we also intend to invest an incremental $150–200 million in Information Technology capital expenditures to retire and transform legacy systems, improve supply chain processes and improve the overall Representative experience.
IMPROVING ORGANIZATIONAL EFFECTIVENESS
I firmly believe that people drive results. Restoring our Associates’ pride in Avon and creating an environment where each Associate has clear priorities and is engaged in our common objectives are critical. We will also continue to improve the organization’s effectiveness by setting the tone
at the top, upgrading talent in key positions and building a robust talent pipeline. This is a management-intensive business and we need to have strong leadership and a deep bench in each of our key markets.
Working as One Team, One Avon, we are implementing a shared set of behaviors that guide how we work together. These behaviors are incorporated into our new talent development, performance management and compensation programs, and will help ensure that we maintain focus on our priority activities and set distractions aside. Of course, through all of this, we remain true to Avon’s core values: Respect, Belief, Humility, Integrity and Trust.
Our current situation did not develop overnight, and it will take time for us to complete our turnaround. But, looking ahead, I am very confident that we
will return Avon to growth. We have more than six million active, independent Avon Representatives who believe in Avon and want us to succeed. We have an enviable geographic footprint and an enduring brand. The Beauty and Direct Selling industries are both strong, and continue to grow. And ‘word of mouth’ – the hallmark of Avon’s business model – remains the most influential driver of purchase intent.
We enter 2013 with a great sense of urgency to restore our business and a commitment to deliver results. And with the support of our Representatives and Associates, I am confident we will succeed.
Sheri McCoy
Chief Executive Officer March 2013
           