Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to write to you all as the newly appointed CEO of Avon Products, Inc., and member of the Company's Board of Directors. Avon is an organization with a clear and compelling purpose that has a rich 130-year history. Through our 6 million direct selling Representatives, we empower millions of micro-entrepreneurs globally. We bene t from uniquely powerful brand recognition, extensive global reach and market-leading positions in direct selling and beauty. In a world where trust in companies is becoming a scarce commodity, our Representative's relationship with her consumers has never been more relevant. However, Avon is operating in a changing consumer and competitive environment, and business as usual is not an option. The Board has given me a clear mandate to conduct a thorough evaluation of all aspects of our business, to identify how we modernize Avon for the needs of today's Representatives and consumers. I am spending time in our key markets, with the executive leaders, talking and listening to our Representatives and teams, to better understand the reality of their operating climate and competitive landscape as a basis to improve performance. We look forward to engaging with all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, to gain an understanding of what Avon is doing well and not so well, and to learn where our near and long-term opportunities lie. This will determine how to prioritize and address our challenges. While we will require time to complete our review, prioritize and sequence our changes, I can assure you that we are working to accelerate the pace of change, drive pro table growth and restore Avon's position as a market leader. We are excited for what the future holds and are committed to positioning Avon for success for all stakeholders. On behalf of the Board and the management team, we appreciate your support and thank you for your continued investment in Avon. Best,

Jan Zijderveld
Chief Executive Of cer March, 2018

