Posting year-over-year revenue growth for
10 consecutive quarters, we ended fiscal
2005 with $11.1 billion in sales. Memec,
acquired by Avnet on July 5, 2005, had
sales of $2.3 billion in the same 12 month
period. The combined $13.4 billion in
revenue would have represented an Avnet
record. Memec is Avnet’s first global
acquisition, and it significantly expands
our operations, enhances our design win
capabilities and gives us entrée into the
Japanese market (the only major market
in Asia in which we had not yet established
a presence).
(Please see page 8 for more
on this historic acquisition.)
This was a year in which we focused
on maximizing profitable growth while
improving productivity and efficiency.
Diluted earnings per share more than
doubled year over year, from $0.60 to
$1.39. Operating income, which has
increased annually four years in a row,
came in at $321.3 million, up 59 percent
over last year. Working capital velocity achieved record heights in the final quarter.
This asset productivity drove return on
working capital to 19.3 percent in the
fourth quarter, an increase of 186 basis
points over the same quarter last year.
Operating margin rose to 2.9 percent from
the prior year’s 2.0 percent. Our net debt
was at its lowest level in six years, and we
were able to generate $426 million in free
cash flow for the year. 
Avnet Electronics Marketing
The inventory correction that affected Avnet Electronics Marketing’s
results is, we believe, a mid-cycle one, reflecting a new paradigm
for the technology components supply chain in which the cycles
are more frequent but much less volatile than those that previously
defined the industry. The operating group returned to positive book-to-bill ratios in all regions by the third quarter. Avnet
Electronics Marketing finished the fiscal year with $6.3 billion in
revenue, a 6.2 percent increase over FY04. Driven by our value-
based management initiatives, we were able to react quickly to the
changing marketplace and weather the short correction with minimal
financial impact. The group reduced inventory 13 percent worldwide
while maintaining optimum levels to support suppliers’ and
customers’ needs, an effort that pushed operating income to $233.1
million, a 9.7 percent increase over the prior year. With inventory
turns at a record 5.2 in the fourth quarter, the group contributed the
majority of the cash generated at the enterprise level, which was
instrumental in the Company’s purchase of Memec. Working capital
as a percent of revenue was at an all-time low in the final quarter. Avnet Technology Solutions
Avnet Technology Solutions, which serves an array of information
technology and computer products customers, enjoyed record
results in FY05, with revenue growing 10.5 percent to $4.8 billion
and operating income up 49.4 percent to $147.7 million. Solutions
– customized combinations of goods and services that meet specific
needs – are the name of the game, driven by businesses looking
for a rapid and demonstrable return on investment for their
information technology purchases. Strong demand for services,
software, servers and microprocessors contributed significantly to
the group’s growth. The solutions selling approach has led Avnet
Technology Solutions to become IBM’s No. 1 distributor, with more
than $2 billion in sales of its computer products annually. What’s in Store for FY06
According to analysts, worldwide semiconductor growth is predicted
to average 8 to 12 percent for the foreseeable future, and Avnet
Electronics Marketing will focus on further improvements in
productivity in the Americas and Europe, the Middle East and
Africa (EMEA), where the markets we serve are maturing. In the
Americas, quoting platforms are being merged and refined for
speed, accuracy and ease of use. Gaining profitable market share
will occupy the team in Asia, which is still posting gains as
indigenous growth and the shift of manufacturing to low-cost
regions continue. The integration of Memec will, of course,
play a huge role in the coming year. The outlook for Avnet Technology
Solutions is healthy, with small and
medium-sized businesses (SMBs)
continuing to invest in information
technology projects that enhance their
productivity. Distributors’ share of
information technology products and
services for SMBs is expected to grow
faster than the industry for the forseeable
future, with software and services leading
the way. Asia is particularly promising
as its businesses, industries and
governments continue to build and
improve their technology infrastructures
and we further increase our presence there.
Avnet Technology Solutions will remain
focused on selling solutions, an approach
that has clearly proven its mettle. This
model will only become more important
as microprocessors, open source software,
peripherals, hard drives and even servers
become standardized. In FY05, we
established the Industry Standard
Components Center of Excellence in
the Americas to capitalize on this trend.
Avnet Technology Solutions’ ability
to bundle industry standard products to
create solutions will accelerate its success. The Big Picture
The technology market remains an
economic powerhouse – a $700 billion
frontier, of which distribution’s share
hovers around $120 billion – and Avnet
is at the center of it, delivering value, creating solutions and building channels to
market for our trading partners worldwide.
We help our suppliers get their technology
sold into our large account base. We help
our customers choose the right technology
for their applications. We provide both with
supply chain and design chain solutions
that accelerate their time to market and
lower their total cost of ownership.
Although we are the No. 1 company in
revenue in our industry, there is clearly
plenty of opportunity for profit growth.
Our Global Executive Council, composed
of the Company’s senior executives and
regional presidents, is invaluable in
coordinating our international efforts and
providing insight into the nuances of each
market. Our Global Information Solutions
team leads the industry in the use of
information technology. In FY05, Avnet
ranked No. 3 on the
InformationWeek
500
list of the nation’s best users of information
technology, the only company in its
industry in the top 100. Avnet’s B2B project
connecting the Company’s information
technology systems to those of its
customers ranked No. 4 on the
InfoWorld
list of the 100 Best Projects of the Year.
Our challenge is to produce attractive
returns for our shareholders while creating
value for our trading partners. The Avnet
team is up to the challenge. Across the
company, dedication to customer service excellence sets us apart from our competitors. We intend to grow
faster than the markets we serve through innovative new models and
the addition of new customers, suppliers, services and geographies.
With scale and scope advantages, a bias for return on capital and
economic profit, and a relentless focus on profitable growth,
operational excellence and people development, Avnet’s
opportunities are limitless.
It is an honor to serve the company the Avnets and thousands
of other passionate, talented and dedicated people have built.
The values upon which our legacy rests are as relevant today as
they were when Charles Avnet sold his first electronic component
in 1921. Integrity. Customer service. Accountability. Teamwork.
Innovation. A sincere thank-you to all the employees who have
come before and all who serve with me today as temporary custodians of this amazing enterprise, to our trading partners,
who have trusted us with their business through the years, and
to our shareholders, who have allowed us to pursue our goals by
investing their capital. May those celebrating the 100th anniversary
of our incorporation in 2055 feel the same sense of pride and
optimism for the future of Avnet we do today.
Roy Vallee
Chairman & CEO
