Dear fellow Avnet shareholder:
FY ’03 has been a year of meaningful progress for Avnet despite
essentially flat revenue as markets struggled to recover from the sobering and well-documented
technology downturn that has defined our world for the past two-and-a-half years. During this time,
we have focused intently on managing that which we can control, dramatically reducing cost and debt
by improving expense and asset productivity to create a high degree of operating leverage and a
healthy balance sheet. Year over year, we have increased operating profit margin, earnings and earnings
per share while generating substantial cash flow, which was used to pay down a large amount of debt
and build our cash balance. As FY ’04 begins, more is being done to restructure the business and reduce
costs without negatively impacting the value propositions we have in place. These actions are being
taken to help us achieve acceptable profitability at any level of revenue. Avnet is positioned to grow
earnings even if revenue remains flat and should grow earnings substantially faster than revenue when
the inevitable industry recovery occurs. We are, effectively, changing our business model as we focus
the entire organization on creating shareholder value.
re:ACT
Creating Operating Leverage and a Strong Balance Sheet
Since the end of calendar 2000 when the industry downturn began, Avnet has:
Trimmed more than one-third of the Company’s operating expenses on a going-forward
basis, excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations (expenses were reduced by one-fourth,
including the effect of foreign currency fluctuations).
Reduced working capital (trade accounts receivable, plus inventory, less accounts
payable) by more than 50 percent.
Lowered debt by more than 50 percent.
In FY ’03:
Pre-tax earnings improved $41 million.
Operating expenses were down $24 million.
Net debt (debt and drawings under the accounts receivable securitization
program, less cash) was reduced by $595 million.
When we take action to reduce our cost structure, we often have to spend money to save
costs going forward.
Without taking into account the money we spent to achieve these cost
reductions in
FY ’03 Pre-tax earnings improved $82 million.
Operating expenses were down $72 million.
We believe it is helpful for you to understand our financial information after taking into account the
money we spent to achieve savings and what our results would have been absent those expenditures,
because we believe it helps provide you a clearer picture of our business. You will find a reconciliation
of the difference between the earnings and expenses set forth above in this report on the inside
back cover and on page 24 in the Form 10-K. Avnet closed FY ’03 with $9.05 billion in revenue, maintaining the number one position in our industry.
While the markets we serve and our Company’s revenue have remained relatively flat for the past
eight quarters, earnings per share improved $0.32 over FY ’02 (before the cumulative effect of change
in the accounting principle). Operating income margin was up over last year. Aided by record-setting asset
velocity, return on capital employed more than doubled, although it remains well below an acceptable
level. And, due primarily to debt reduction, interest expense fell nearly $20 million during FY ’03.
re:INVENT
Our Goal: Consistently Increase Shareholder Value
The financial principles that govern our strategy and execution have evolved as our Company has
matured. During our building phase, we shifted from a traditional distribution company focused
primarily on growing revenue and capturing market share to a value-added distributor focused
on growing earnings organically and through industry-consolidating mergers. Today, Avnet is a
premier technology marketing, distribution and services provider serving customers in 68 countries.
We
are leveraging our global scope and scale to achieve a new financial goal: to consistently increase
shareholder value.
In FY ’03, revenue stability coupled with significant cost reduction led to greater earnings, and greater
earnings coupled with improved asset velocity drove higher return on capital. Avnet has improved its
working capital velocity (the total amount of inventory and receivables net of accounts payable, relative to
sales) consistently since the industry downturn began, setting a company record in the March 2003 quarter Improvements in our cash conversion cycle are an important example of the meaningful change Avnet
has effected through our commitment to value-based management. We are methodically aligning our
structure, culture, compensation, leadership and customer and supplier relationships with our goal of
shareholder value creation. We are also focusing intently on continuously improving our business
processes through operational excellence initiatives and the aggressive use of information technology
(IT).
Shared Business Services, which celebrated its first anniversary in the Americas, successfully provides
leveraged support services and solutions to Avnet’s internal business unit customers.
re:EDUCATE
Every Employee Contributes
Wen xpect everyone on our team to understand how to positively influence the Company’s results.
Internally, the shift to a value-based management culture is being brought about through our Driving
Value campaign, aimed at educating every employee on what he or she can do, specifically, to increase
operating income and asset velocity, and ultimately, return on capital employed. Already, we’ve seen
a 20 percent increase in sales per employee over FY ’02. We are also striving to ensure all employees
have development plans to improve their current job performance and prepare them for advancement.
In FY ’03, Avnet Computer Marketing’s organization development team was named among
Training
magazine’s “Top 100 Training Organizations” for its initiatives in North America, and Avnet, Inc. was
honored with a spot on
Working Mother
magazine’s list of “100 Best Companies for Working Mothers.”
re:BALANCE
Embracing Change
From a broad array of components and computing systems to the services that support them,
Avnet delivers value across the technology supply chain. Overall, revenue from our higher-margin
electronic components business, Avnet Electronics Marketing, and our enterprise computing business,
Avnet Computer Marketing, was up slightly in FY ’03, while sales in our subsystem business,
Avnet Applied Computing, were down slightly.
Although revenue at the largest of our operating groups, Avnet Electronics Marketing, grew only
slightly, it achieved profitability in the Americas, Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
The group’s operating income more than quadrupled, its gross and operating income margins were
up, and it continued to improve return on working capital and total capital employed. Days to cash,
a measure of asset velocity, improved 33 percent. Avnet Electronics Marketing is executing well on
a global basis. L
ooking ahead, it appears the components market Avnet serves is gradually improving. Industry
analysts Electronic Outlook, Gartner and the Semiconductor Industry Association forecast an average
20 percent increase in semiconductor sales in calendar 2004. Avnet Electronics Marketing’s strategy
is to win a majority of its customers’ purchases by leveraging its consultative engineering services,
focused product specialization, supplier partnerships, extensive inventory and supply chain solutions to
offer them all-encompassing support, from the front end of the design process through full production.
In addition to encouraging signs in the components market, the end equipment markets served by
Avnet Computer Marketing stabilized during the fiscal year. Though our sales directly to end users suffered
throughout the technology down cycle, Avnet Computer Marketing’s distribution business performed well,
with software and storage the top growth technologies. At year-end, the Avnet Hall-Mark division led in
market share with IBM, Hewlett-Packard (HP), EMC and Oracle, the strategic suppliers that make up the
lion’s share of its business. Notably, Avnet Hall-Mark established new relationships with Microsoft and
Network Appliance, giving the Company additional operating system and storage options, respectively,
to attract and retain customers. The Avnet Enterprise Solutions division, responsible for sales to end users,
was named HP’s national storage partner of the year and continues to provide server, storage and
communications solutions featuring HP, IBM and Cisco Systems products and services.
At Avnet Applied Computing, we continued to focus on embedded systems sales to original equipment
manufacturers while reducing our presence in the highly competitive, lower-margin system builder
market. The embedded systems business grew as a percent of Avnet Applied Computing’s revenue
and profit every quarter of FY ’03 as we reduced our lower-margin, volume business. We also increased
our sales with wireless data collection equipment manufacturers Symbol Technologies and Intermec.
And, we established a relationship with LG.Philips, one of the top flat-panel display manufacturers in
the world, which complements our existing relationships with NEC, Sharp and Optrex. As FY ’04 began, the Company made the decision to combine Avnet Computer Marketing and Avnet
Applied Computing into a single operating group dedicated to computer products. United, the group
is formidable in the marketplace, with a physical presence in 34 countries, more than 2,000 employees
and annual revenue of approximately $4 billion. Infrastructure cost is being significantly reduced as the
two groups’ logistics operations and support functions are merged into one. The new organization
r
emains committed to dedicated sales and marketing divisions focused on specific market segments.
Rick Hamada, formerly president of Avnet Computer Marketing, leads the combined operating group,
now called Avnet Technology Solutions, as its global president.
Asia Expanding, EMEA Stable, Americas Challenged
Fr
om a regional perspective, manufacturing continued its migration from the United States,
Europe and Latin America to Asia. This trend was most pronounced in Avnet Electronics Marketing,
for which Asia now constitutes nearly 20 percent of revenue. Avnet Electronics Marketing Asia has
set revenue records every quarter since March 2001, surpassed $100 million in revenue in March
2003 and posted an exciting year-over-year growth rate of greater than 45 percent. This aggressive
growth
rate can be attributed to strong indigenous market conditions coupled with the rapid influx
of electronics
manufacturing into the region. Our plan for FY ’04 calls for Avnet Electronics
Marketing
Asia to continue to grow faster than the market while increasing its return on capital
employed.
Asia continues to grow in importance for the rest of the enterprise as well, hitting its first $1 billion
year in FY ’03 and accounting for nearly 14 percent of Avnet, Inc.’s revenue in the final quarter of FY ’03.
We
are well positioned in the People’s Republic of China and continue to invest in people, working
capital and value-added capabilities in the region to meet the needs of our customers and suppliers.EMEA also grew as a percent of enterprise revenue. It is important to note, however, that the strength
of the euro versus the dollar during the fiscal year has produced the interesting result of inflating EMEA
sales when translated into U.S. dollars as compared with the prior year while increasing expenses from
the region, thus masking EMEA’s expense reduction efforts.
In the Americas, enterprise revenue fell as the market correction wound down and the transfer to Asia
continued. Still, the Americas remains our Company’s number one region in terms of revenue and profit.
Electronic Outlook predicts the North American electronic equipment market will grow more than
8 percent in 2004, and the Americas are forecast to remain the largest producer of electronic equipment,
with 43 percent of the worldwide total this calendar year.
re:IMAGINE
Services, IT Investments Foster Growth, Increase Profit
In addition to distributing and reselling technology products, services in areas such as design, supply
chain, storage management, and server and network integration (among many others) represent a key
strategic initiative. Margins for traditional product distribution are under constant pressure. To mitigate
this, we must make sure we are delivering services that are valuable to our customers and suppliers
while being fairly compensated for that value. We continue to refine our existing offerings while
searching for innovative ways to save our customers and suppliers money and help them grow faster,
thus enabling their success.
F
or example, Avnet Electronics Marketing offers 10 services centering on supply chain issues.
Some are bundled along with the products it sells, while others stand alone, removing the burden
of working capital from the equation. In FY ’03 Avnet Computer Marketing solidified a method for
delivering professional services nationwide while maintaining a high level of customer service, which
it will expand upon in FY ’04. Channel Connection
™
was enhanced, offering real-time, secure access to order and credit status, sales history and tools with which customers can measure and benchmark
their businesses. Avnet Applied Computing opened the industry’s first Class 100 capable clean room,
and its services organization, Avnet FasTrac™ Services, posted its first $1 million month.
Avnet Applied Computing also saw a healthy increase in non-integration-related services such
as wireless site selections and financial services. Avnet Technology Solutions will build upon
the services base created by Avnet Computer Marketing and Avnet Applied Computing.
Our internal global IT solutions are also fundamental to our Company’s success, fostering growth,
maximizing profitability, and tying together our businesses, regions and trading partners. With
r
eturn on investment a priority, we leverage our IT capabilities to help ourselves, our customers and
our suppliers reduce costs, accelerate growth and speed time to market. Successful implementations
in FY ’03 include:
•
A treasury management system that pools cash resources daily at the optimum level by country,
saving the Company approximately $2 million per year.
•
An exceptional Avnet Computer Marketing customer relationship management system, recognized
by
CRM
magazine and Aberdeen Group, that improves sales and customer satisfaction.
•
A new design-win tracking system for Avnet Electronics Marketing that brings together supplier,
customer and Avnet data and processes the information in a near-real-time, accurate and
operationally efficient manner.
The Company has initiated plans to further consolidate and refine its IT infrastructure globally.
Ed Kamins, president of Avnet Applied Computing prior to the creation of Avnet Technology Solutions,
is now Avnet’s chief information officer.
re :EMERGE
Technology, Avnet Remain Vital
Technology is intrinsic to the global economy and will remain a vital driver well into the future.
According to industry analysts’ data, the technology supply chain totaled approximately $3.1 trillion
in calendar 2002, accounting for 8 to 9 percent of the global gross domestic product and rising.
Avnet stands at the center of the technology supply chain serving component, subsystem and system
manufacturers with valued services that create a balanced revenue portfolio aimed squarely at
continual improvement in earnings growth and return on capital employed. We have made considerable
strides and reached historically high levels of asset productivity and balance sheet strength during
this protracted downturn. Avnet is positioned for exciting results, including the creation of value for
our shareholders.
Before closing, I must commend Avnet’s employees on their perseverance, dedication and strong
performance during a very challenging period. And on behalf of myself and the Avnet team,
thank you for your continued confidence in our Company. 
Roy Vallee,
Chairman & CEO