Dear Avnet Shareholder: What a year!
Record sales on the top line. Record net income on the
bottom line. Record efficiency and productivity metrics for profitability and asset velocity. Near record
earnings per share. Other important financial metrics — return on capital employed (ROCE), return on
working capital (ROWC), operating income margin and dollars — reached levels not seen since before
the technology bubble burst more than five years ago. Alone, each is noteworthy. Together, they tell
the story of a company whose focus on profitable growth, operational excellence and the development
of its people is having a profoundly positive impact on our long-term business model.
•Revenue— Up 29 percent to $14.25 billion
• Operating income— Up 63 percent to $524 million
• Operating income margin— Up 78 basis points to 3.7 percent
• Net income— Up 71 percent to $288 million
• Earnings per share (EPS) — Up 41 percent to $1.96
• ROWC & ROCE — As we exited the year, we delivered 27 percent ROWC for the fourth quarter, up
749 basis points, and 11 percent ROCE, up 251 basis points from last year’s fourth quarter
PROFITABLE GROWTH
We started FY‘06
with a significant opportunity, the acquisition of Memec Group Holdings, Ltd. With sales of
$2.3 billion and operations in 33 countries, Memec was the largest specialist semiconductor distributor focused
on design services. By providing engineering expertise to customers, they built a unique business that was also
attractive to semiconductor suppliers wanting their proprietary products designed into customers’ goods.
Despite the workload associated with the integration, our team stayed focused externally on our customers’
and suppliers’ needs. As a result, our trading partners remained loyal. Our revenue grew and profits soared,
while we substantially accelerated working capital velocity and return on total capital.
It’s one thing to grow revenue by acquiring a company, but it is also important to grow organically. 
In FY‘06, we added more than $900 million in revenue on top of Memec’s $2.3 billion, an increase of 8 percent. Five years ago, we turned our attention to profitable growth with return on capital and economic profits, rather
than accounting profits, as our primary measures of success. At 11 percent ROCE, we exceeded our weighted
average cost of capital and created shareholder value as we exited FY‘06, evidence that we are delivering more
value and getting paid fairly for it. Our objective is to outpace the markets we serve on the top line and grow
economic profits substantially faster than sales.
With our superior technical expertise and supply chain solutions, we are taking advantage of synergistic
opportunities to sell more components, services and solutions to customers throughout the design-to-
manufacturing process. In FY‘06, our electronic components business, Avnet Electronics Marketing:
• Grew revenue 48 percent to $9.26 billion
• Grew operating income 80 percent to $419 million
• Rapidly increased ROWC every quarter
For computer products, our growth standouts were storage, software and services. We are now targeting
vertical markets with value-added scalable services. We are expanding our line card to embrace emerging
technologies and complementary new suppliers. In FY‘06, Avnet Technology Solutions:
• Substantially exceeded our 12.5 percent ROCE hurdle rate each quarter
• Achieved double-digit revenue growth in its largest business unit
• Expanded operating income margin 25 basis points
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
In FYÔ06 , sales per employee and gross profit per employee reached all-time highs, while operating
expense as a percent of sales fell to an all-time low.
At Avnet, operational excellence is everyone’s responsibility, because no one knows his or her job better
than the person doing it. Everyone at Avnet is encouraged to seek opportunities for process improvement
and is given tools and training to foster innovation. Our corporate operational excellence team supports
efforts throughout the company to streamline processes and eliminate steps that do not add value.
Operational excellence directly impacts top line and bottom line performance by increasing customer
satisfaction while increasing productivity, which further distances us from our competitors.
Avnet strives to help all employees reach their potential. In each of the past three years, we have
conducted a comprehensive survey gathering our employees’ input and benchmarking us against other
leading companies. Survey results show that our people have an excellent understanding of Avnet’s
business goals and how their jobs contribute to achieving them. They also understand our core values,
feel they are treated with respect, and believe Avnet conducts business with honesty and integrity.
Additionally, all employees are expected to maintain professional development plans; we continually
refine our training programs at every level of the business, from classes tailored to our top 300
executives to an online catalog of courses for supervisors and individual contributors.
We take great pride in knowing our success is grounded in Avnet’s culture of performance and values,
one that puts our financial achievements on equal footing with our principles. Our new chief operating
officer (COO), Rick Hamada, has been at the vanguard of Avnet’s efforts to build this culture, instituting
our first published core values and many of our employee recognition programs. Joining Avnet in 1983
as a technical specialist, Hamada rose through the ranks to become president of Avnet Technology Solutions, which
enjoyed impressive results under his leadership and is performing well above the company’s targeted business model.
As COO, Hamada takes on responsibility for Avnet Technology Solutions and Avnet Electronics Marketing, as well as
our logistics, operational
excellence and information technology activities. I am increasing my focus on Avnet’s strategic
growth, people practices, financial strategies and accelerating the achievement of our company’s vision — to be the
premier technology distribution company in the world.
A Global Outlook
With 10,800 employees selling our supplier partners’ products and services in 70 countries, we have built industry
leading scale and scope and we are leveraging it. The COO’
s role is global, as is
mine, a partnership
intended to help
Avnet reach its goals faster and outperform our competitors. We formed the Global Executive Council, comprising our
“C-level” executives and regional presidents, which meets quarterly to develop and drive Avnet’s strategies. We
unveiled a global alignment for our financial, logistics, informa
tion technology, operational excellence and human
resources support functions that will help us operate those services more efficiently while allowing the business
groups to increase the amount of time focused on growth.
The Future
Industry analysts anticipate secular market growth of approximately 7 percent over the next few years for the markets
Avnet serves. We aspire to achieve double-digit growth at the top and bottom lines. Our vision is to be the premier
technology marketing, distribution and services company in the world for our customers, suppliers, employees and
shareholders. How will we do it? Innovation. Execution. Excellence. I have been with Avnet more than 29 years, and
I have never been more optimistic about our company’s prospects. We have the knowledge, tools, products, services,
people and financial resources we need to win in the marketplace. Our global organizational structure is in place.
Profitable growth is our mantra, and we have real traction in our operational excellence and people development
initiatives. The result: economic profits and shareholder value growth. In short, we have what we need to compete
very well in FY‘07 and beyond. I hope you will come along for the ride. Thank you for choosing Avnet.
Roy Vallee
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
