Dear Fellow Shareholders:

2005 was a challenging year, due primarily to intense raw material cost inflation that drove soft demand in some of our businesses. After an admittedly rough start, we made significant progress against our strategic priorities this past year:

We successfully implemented pricing actions across most of our businesses, which offset more than $100 million of additional raw material and energy-related costs. > We continued to capture the rapid growth of emerging markets, and we achieved a major milestone in our RFID business by commercializing our high-speed, high-volume manufacturing process. > We increased productivity, bringing the year to a close with a much improved operating margin and with significant actions under way to drive continued margin expansion over the next few years.
> Highlights of our financial results for the year

with the repatriation of earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries, expense accrual related to a patent lawsuit and gain on sale of assets.
Focus on continued margin improvement

· Reported sales from continuing operations grew to

$5.5 billion in 2005 -- a 3 percent increase compared with 2004. · Diluted earnings per share were $2.25, compared with $2.78 per share in 2004. · Adjusted earnings per share on a diluted basis were $3.46, compared with $3.06 per share in 2004, reflecting growth of 13 percent. Adjusted earnings per share exclude restructuring, asset impairment, lease cancellation and divestiture-related charges and transition costs, as well as the incremental tax expense associated

During the fourth quarter of 2005, we took actions across most of our businesses to accelerate productivity. While these actions negatively impacted 2005 earnings, we expect these steps will yield approximately $80 million to $90 million in annualized cost savings over the next two years. In 2006, we will maintain our focus on improving margins as we continue to increase prices to offset additional raw material cost increases. Margins will also improve as we focus on growing higher margin product categories, such as our Avery-brand printable media products, and as we exit product lines which have little competitive advantage. We began that process in 2005 with the planned divestiture of certain European office filing products and our raised reflective highway marker businesses. During 2005, we also embarked on a significant program to streamline and simplify our operations. Our businesses will continue to be organized globally with operations, commercial functions and R&D remaining decentralized and focused on our customers. Support

2

Aver y Dennison 2005

Dean A. Scarborough President and Chief Executive Officer

Kent Kresa Chairman of the Board of Directors

functions, such as human resources, information technology and accounting, will be more centralized to provide services to our business units more efficiently and effectively. The result will be businesses that have fewer layers, are more responsive to customers and ultimately more cost-effective.
Sales growth a key priority

Major progress in RFID

Profitable top-line growth is a top priority. Revenue growth was less than expected in 2005, due to slower market conditions in North America and some higher than expected market share loss as we raised prices. We expect sales growth to improve in 2006 as market conditions stabilize. The emerging markets of Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America continue to be our most important growth driver. Sales in these markets, which have grown consistently at solid double-digit rates, reached nearly $1.2 billion in 2005, comprising more than 20 percent of our total revenue. We are accelerating our investments to capture additional growth in these markets -- particularly in China and India where we will expand the manufacturing base for our pressure-sensitive materials and retail information services businesses.

RFID technology is the hottest development in supply chain management since the invention of the now ubiquitous bar code. Capturing a major share of the emerging RFID market continues to be a key priority. Like the bar code, the ideal method for affixing an RFID chip and antenna to virtually any item is to use a pressure-sensitive label. Spurred by supplier requirements of leading global retailers, including Wal-Mart, Target, Metro and Tesco, as well as the U.S. Department of Defense, businesses around the world are beginning to enhance the performance of their supply chains to utilize RFID technology. 2005 was a year of solid progress. We commercialized our high-speed manufacturing process, and we introduced the industry's first high-volume Gen 2 RFID inlays at a highly competitive price. In addition, we signed an intellectual property licensing agreement with Intermec Corporation that provides us with access to certain portfolios of patented RFID technology, including applications for RFID-enabled tags and printers.

Letter to Shareholders

3

"RFID technology is the hottest development in supply chain management since the invention of the now ubiquitous bar code. Capturing a major share of the emerging RFID market continues to be a key priority."

Our competitive advantages in this market are our low-cost, high-speed, high-yield inlay manufacturing process; superior technical design to achieve excellent read rates; and our close relationship with label converters. We believe that RFID "smart labels" and related Avery Dennison Intelligent Label Technology applications will be a large growth engine for our Company in years to come.
New markets, new products, new services

emphasizing low-margin product lines while expanding our high-margin, printable media business through targeted marketing programs to drive sales. Our retail information services business continues to serve major apparel manufacturers and retailers, growing through geographic expansion and the development of new products -- such as our new heattransfer label that is applied directly to apparel fabric.
Values and business ethics reinforced

Demand for pressure-sensitive label materials continues to grow as the technology begins to penetrate new markets -- particularly the food and beverage segment. Sales for pressure-sensitive materials for beer label applications were approximately $35 million globally in 2005 and are growing rapidly. New materials for electronic products and other durable goods are also growing at double-digit rates. Our graphics and reflective materials businesses are showing strong growth in emerging markets. Our Avery-brand office products continue to rank among the industry's most distinguished and recognizable brand names. Avery-brand products enjoy a reputation for quality, reliability and convenience. We are sharpening our focus in this business by de-

Avery Dennison has a seven-decade tradition of operating with a solid set of values and business ethics. To reinforce the importance of these deeply rooted principles, we have implemented a global employee education program on our values, business ethics and code of conduct. This program provides training in local languages to help ensure that our employees are informed on proper business procedures.
Transitions

As planned, Philip M. Neal retired from the positions of chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors in 2005. We thank Phil for his many contributions during his 32-year career at Avery Dennison. He played a vital role in building Avery Dennison's solid foundation for future growth.

4

Aver y Dennison 2005

"We are optimistic about 2006 and beyond. Avery Dennison has market-leading positions in pressure-sensitive materials, oce products and retail information services. "

Upon Phil's retirement from the board, Kent Kresa was elected to the position of non-executive chairman. Kent has served on our board for more than seven years, and is chairman emeritus of Northrop Grumman Corporation where he worked for 28 years in a variety of positions, including chairman and chief executive officer for 13 years. We also welcomed Patrick Siewert, senior advisor with Coca-Cola International, as a new addition to our board in 2005. His extensive marketing and operational management experience, particularly in Asian markets, will provide valuable insight to our Company.
Confidence in our future

Enterprise Lean Sigma continuous improvement initiative -- as well as an impressive, highly dedicated workforce to achieve our aggressive goals. We thank our talented employees around the world for their hard work in 2005. Our accomplishments last year -- from our successful cost reduction efforts to the introduction of a variety of new products and services -- could not have been achieved without their commitment. We thank you, our shareholders, for your support throughout the year. We look forward to achieving significant progress in 2006. Sincerely,

We are optimistic about 2006 and beyond. Avery Dennison has market-leading positions in pressure-sensitive materials, office products and retail information services. Each of these businesses has solid competitive advantages in growing markets. Emerging markets and RFID also offer excellent opportunities for future growth. Our productivity will accelerate as we streamline and simplify our organizational structure. We have the tools -- including our Horizons growth program and

Dean A. Scarborough President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2006

Kent Kresa Chairman of the Board of Directors

Letter to Shareholders

5

