Dear Fellow Shareholders:

Like companies everywhere, Avery Dennison felt the impact of the weakened global economy in 2008. But by sticking to the fundamentals and executing a focused strategy, we achieved important milestones in 2008 that position us well to endure a protracted downturn and to emerge a more competitive and stronger company.

graphics film for the architectural and promotional markets, and a growing line of eco-friendly products.
+

We scored a number of important customer wins--  like our new fleet marking programs with Miller Brewing and Shell Oil; item-level Radio Frequency Identification
(RFID) with Marks & Spencer and Levi Mexico; and

continuing adoption of pressure-sensitive film and label applications by consumer products customers like Procter & Gamble and Unilever in Asia.
+

We entered or identified new markets and regions that  offer significant growth potential--such as the expansion of our businesses in China and India, the enhancement

2008 in Perspective The growing economic and credit crisis that began last year significantly reduced consumer spending throughout the world. During the second half of the year, many customers reduced their inventories and orders, while others implemented mandatory shutdowns late in the year. These deteriorating market conditions, combined with rapidly rising raw material costs, lowered our profits-- despite reductions to our fixed cost structure and price increase actions.
Yet, we had a number of significant successes: +

of our woven label capabilities with the acquisition of DM Label and the establishment of a new foothold in Japan for our Roll Materials, Specialty Tape and Graphics Materials businesses.
+

 Throughout the recent turmoil within the financial markets, we retained uninterrupted access to capital to meet our operating needs. We took a number of actions to provide even greater operating flexibility, including negotiating new debt covenants with our banks, allowing us to more aggressively pursue sustainable cost savings through restructuring. At the same time, we are actively managing our investments in both fixed and working capital to increase our cash flow. In 2008, we used excess cash to reduce our debt by roughly $160 million in the second half of the year, following our acquisition of DM Label.

We increased our free cash flow to record levels, giving  us greater flexibility to invest in programs for future growth. We introduced a number of unique products--including  our Avery-brand customizable binders, new removable

+

2 Avery Dennison 2008 Annual Report

Sales (Dollars in billions)

Sales by Region*

6.3 5.3 5.5 5.6

6.7

08

Percent of Total US & Canada 37% Europe 34% Asia 22%** Latin America 7%
 * Before intergeographic eliminations ** Asia includes South Africa and Australia

04

05

06

07

08

+

In the fourth quarter, we began to implement a Company wide restructuring program targeting more than
$150 million in annualized savings over the next two

We've defined the right strategies for our marketleading businesses to ensure continued success
Pressure-sensitive Materials: Leveraging advantages

years. We expect roughly $70 million of savings from these actions in 2009.

After showing signs of improvement earlier in the year, sales in Pressure-sensitive Materials declined as the economy slowed. We continued, however, to maintain our investments in promising growth solutions that take advantage of ongoing end-user demand for innovative packaging and eco-friendly products.
+

Financial Highlights
+

Net sales were $6.71 billion, compared to $6.31 billion  in 2007, an increase primarily attributable to acquisi tions and currency translation.

 Our proprietary adhesive for clear-on-clear film applica tions is recognized as the best solution in the industry to help produce labels with strong shelf appeal. We are also developing pressure-sensitive materials that can be used to decorate the uniquely shaped containers increasingly seen on crowded store shelves. Additionally, we are investing in thinner film-liner capability that lowers the operational and per-unit costs of pressure-sensitive technology while reducing its environmental impact versus other decorating methods.

+

Net income for 2008 was $266.1 million, or $2.70  per share. integration of the Paxar acquisition, which has

+  The

delivered $120 million in cost synergies, was completed ahead of schedule.
+  Free

cash flow increased to a record $365 million.

2009 and Beyond We remain focused on a single strategic objective: to drive profitable growth by providing innovative solutions that transform information and elevate brands. A funda mental part of this strategy is to continue to safeguard the invest ments we've made in several emerg ing business opportunities in existing and adjacent markets.

+

 To help our customers, their customers and the environ ment, we are offering industry-leading ecofriendly products, recyclable packaging and support services. Last year, the Tag and Label Manufacturing Institute (TLMI) honored Avery Dennison with its
TLMI Environ mental Leadership Award for the best

commit ment to progressive environmental practices in the industry.

Sticking to the Fundamentals 3

Free Cash Flow* (Dollars in millions)

Emerging Market Sales* (Dollars in millions)

Dividends

365.3 316.2 253.3 331.8 244.6
* Free Cash Flow (a non-GAAP measure) is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchase of property, plant, equipment, software, and other deferred charges, plus proceeds from sale of investments, net.

2,200 1,800 1,400 1,060 1,170

1.6

1.64

.8

04

05

06

07

08

04

05

06

07

08

* Before intergeographic eliminations

.0 76 08

Retail Information Services: Investing for speed

Other specialty converting businesses: Focusing on emerging business opportunities

Retail Information Services also felt the effects of a slowing economy across its core business. Apparel retailers and brand owners continue to adapt their supply chains to deliver as quickly and efficiently as possible. Product lifecycles are measured in weeks, not months--and speed wins. To further expand our leadership position, we are investing in new capabilities and technologies, including digital production systems to streamline and standardize the entire order-to-delivery process.

By pursuing emerging business opportunities in new markets and regions, we have the potential to produce significant growth over the next few years. Our goal is to increase market share for our specialty tapes and RFID products. We've gained the number-one position in ultra high-frequency (UHF) RFID passive inlays. We now intend to apply our technology advantages to enter the highfrequency (HF) RFID market.

Office and Consumer Products: Capitalizing on consumer trends

Continuously improving our productivity and our people
We're building a lean culture

The Office and Consumer Products segment is an impor tant source of free cash flow for Avery Dennison. These businesses will continue to grow through the strong Avery consumer brand awareness, cutting-edge online marketing and sales channel relationships already in place. Driven by the significant trend toward mass customization, consumers continue to increase their Internet use and online purchases of office and school print solutions. To capitalize on this mega-trend, Avery Dennison launched Avery Signature Series Binders, an affordable solution that enables consumers to create personalized binders in any quantity through avery.com or other current customer Web sites. These binders mark the beginning of a promising growth platform of related Avery-brand customizable products, such as dividers, labels and fabric transfers.
4 Avery Dennison 2008 Annual Report

Enterprise Lean Sigma (ELS) is an ongoing, Companywide effort to promote revenue and profit growth by reducing waste, accelerat ing produc tivity and enhancing customer service. To date, thousands of employees have participated in hundreds of continuous improvement or "Kaizen" events and delivered impressive results. In our Retail Information Services business in South China, we reduced product sample response times by more than
33 percent. The Specialty Tape busi ness freed up needed

capacity at its plant in Turnhout, Belgium, by successfully implementing ELS tools to quickly identify and design a smoother, more balanced process, which resulted in a 65 percent increase in output and a 32 percent increase in labor efficiency. Our Roll Materials business in Mentor,

Ohio, reduced customer service order-entry errors to less than one percent--an industry best-in-class achievement.
We're investing in our people

markets we serve. We continue to invest in emerging business opportunities that will position us for a higher growth trajectory as the global economy recovers.  Over the years, Avery Dennison has proven to be an extraordinarily resilient company. By sticking to the fundamentals--product innovation, exceptional quality and great service--it is our strong belief that we will not only weather the challenges that confront us today, but we will also create a stronger, more energized Company in the future.  We are especially grateful for the loyalty and confidence that our employees, partners--and particularly our shareholders--have placed in Avery Dennison.

Achieving our strategic growth priorities will require capable leaders and employees who can successfully manage rapid change. We continue to make a signif i cant investment in leadership development--as well as ELS--training. We want our leaders to have the skills necessary to lead and compete in a complex, global business environment. In 2009, 25 Leadership Develop ment Training Forums are planned to strengthen the business leadership and inter-personal competencies of high-potential leaders across the Company.
Living Our Values, Delivering on Our Promises

No matter what the economic or business circumstances, Avery Dennison will continue to conduct business accord ing to the highest values and business ethics. We are proud of the way our people have responded to the challenges and uncertainty of 2008--with confidence, integrity and an unflagging desire to win. Our long-term strategy includes responsible policies that guide how we treat our people and how we protect the environment.  One of the architects of our values and strategies was Phil Neal, who passed away in October. Phil was CEO of Avery Dennison from 1998 to 2005 and served as chairman for the last five years of his 32-year career with our Company. He played a key role in implementing the core financial and operating strategies that have supported the Company's growth and direction, as well as the development of leaders in every area of our business. We will miss him.

Strong advantages today...well-positioned for tomorrow
We enter 2009 operating in the most difficult economic conditions in a generation. Short term, we are cautious. We cannot predict the timing of a recovery, and raw material and pricing trends in this environment are difficult to forecast. So our short-term focus is on reducing fixed costs and generating cash flow to enable the Company to endure a protracted downturn.  Long term, however, we are optimistic. Our strategy is sound and working. We are number one in the key
Sticking to the Fundamentals 5

Kent Kresa
Chairman of the Board
March 6, 2009

Dean A. Scarborough
President and Chief Executive Officer

