Letter to Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders, Another Year of Excellent Progress
We are pleased to report that we once again delivered strong revenue growth and operating margin expansion. The strength and consistency of our performance reflect our focus on our core strategies, and solid growth driven by our continued push into faster-growing markets, including higher value categories such as RFID, as well as emerging markets. We expect to achieve or exceed the five-year financial targets we set through the end of 2018, and we are making progress toward both our 2021 financial targets and 2025 sustainability goals.

LGM Continues Its Expansion
Our Label and Graphic Materials (LGM) segment delivered another year of strong performance, with sales growth, excluding the impact of currency, nearing 7% and further margin expansion. Benefiting from recent acquisitions that broaden its capabilities, LGM continues to increase its penetration of high-value product categories and its market position in highergrowth emerging markets.

Transformation Driving Profitable RBIS Growth
Retail Branding and Information Solutions (RBIS) achieved organic sales growth of 5% and significant margin expansion, resulting in exceptional operating profit growth for 2017. As the segment's business-model transformation has taken root, RBIS is profitably growing its base business while capitalizing on the growth of RFID-enabled products and services.

IHM Builds a Platform for Value Creation
Our Industrial and Healthcare Materials (IHM) group delivered solid organic growth and completed two acquisitions that combined drove a 30% increase in sales, excluding the impact of currency. Despite near-term margin challenges, we remain confident in IHM's ability to build profitable positions in high-value segments across a range of large and growing end markets.

Building a Strong Culture Through Our Values
We are committed to putting our values first, providing a safe, supportive, and inclusive workplace, and building a sustainable business. We recently refreshed our values to reflect the realities of today's business world and the expectations of our stakeholders, not least of which is our global workforce. We demonstrate these values every day because it is our firm belief that this is how we remain an industry leader, today and in the future. We look forward to another successful year at Avery Dennison, and we are confident we will continue to deliver on our goals, creating long-term value for our customers, investors, employees, and communities. Thank you for your investment in Avery Dennison.

Dean Scarborough
Chairman

Mitch Butier
President and Chief Executive Officer

ii

