Dear Fellow Shareholders: In 2007, Avery Dennison continued to make great progress in the emerging markets and completed the largest acquisition in the Company's history -- positioning us as the clear leader in the growing retail brand and information management market.

2

It was also a challenging year for the Company, reflecting the slowing U.S. economy and weakened demand for pressure-sensitive materials in the developed world. Likewise, it was a disappointing year in terms of the Company's relative stock price performance. The Board and senior management of the Company remain committed to creating above-average shareholder value over the long term. The actions we took this past year were in direct response to that overriding objective: + We acquired Paxar to accelerate the growth and profitability of our overall portfolio by doubling the size of a core business that has the potential for above-average growth and returns. + To respond to the changes in market conditions and the economic outlook, we intensified our drive for productivity and margin improvement, taking aggressive steps to reduce our cost structure. Over the past five quarters, we've announced actions to drive nearly $50 million in savings from restructuring efforts alone. These savings are incremental to those we've targeted from the Paxar integration and other programs to drive out cost. By focusing on our cost structure, we not only build competitive advantage, but we position the Company for significant improvement in profitability and cash flow when the macro environment improves. + We continued to invest in our key growth platforms: the emerging markets and Radio Frequency Identification (RFID).

+

Avery Dennison 2007 Annual Report

We continued to fund new product and application development for future growth, identifying product features, services and manufacturing process improvements to build on the strong and sustainable competitive advantages we have developed in each of our core businesses.

Financial Highlights + Net sales for 2007 were $6.31 billion, compared to $5.58 billion in 2006. + Net income for 2007 was $303.5 million, or $3.07 per share, including asset impairment charges, transition costs associated with the integration of Paxar, and other items, totaling $83 million or $0.84 per share. + On track to achieve between $115 million and $125 million of annual cost synergies from the Paxar integration by the end of 2009. A Defining Move The acquisition of Paxar creates a third core business for Avery Dennison and establishes a clear leadership position in a business with excellent growth prospects. The integration of the two companies has gone extremely well. Our integration teams have found more synergy than we originally planned and are executing ahead of schedule. More important, the merger of these two companies has been seamless, with little adverse impact on our customers. We want to thank the thousands of employees who worked many hours to make this possible.

Emerging market sales (Dollars in millions)

2007 sales by region (Before intergeographic eliminations)

1,800 1,400 1,060 760 1,170 07

03

04

05

06

07 United States Western Europe Asia Latin America Eastern Europe Other* 39 % 27% 16 % 6% 6% 6%

* Includes Canada, Australia and South Africa

 The acquisition also strengthened our business in Europe, where Paxar had a much bigger presence than Retail Information Services (RIS), as well as in Asia, where we gained a larger foothold in the rapidly growing markets of China, India and Vietnam. Customers are asking us to provide packaging and security products, both of which represent sources of new growth. The Paxar acquisition has made Avery Dennison a leading provider of RFID tags for item marking, and we are poised for rapid growth in this exciting new market. 2007 in Review » Pressure-sensitive Materials Reflecting softening market conditions in North America and Europe, sales in Pressure-sensitive Materials grew modestly on an organic basis. Our proprietary adhesive for clear-on-clear film applications continues to be recognized as the best in the industry, and our wide range of film products--many of them proprietary--gives us a meaningful competitive edge in this important segment of the market.  We look forward to continued growth in beer and other beverage and food applications. Many new business development opportunities are emerging in these segments, driven by new packaging, product line expansion and the continued penetration of pressure-sensitive labels vs. alternative decorating technologies. » Retail Information Services With the acquisition of Paxar, we more than doubled the

size of RIS in 2007. During the year, we invested in new product and service capabilities even as we integrated the acquisition.  For example, we are investing in digital printing capabilities to enable smaller production runs and faster turnaround time to better serve our customers, as the number of retail selling seasons increases, and retailers reduce order sizes to match consumer demand.  We also launched several new heat transfer products that enable smaller, yet readable and more colorful "tagless" labels. And retailers showed strong interest in our expanding range of "environmentally friendly" offerings manufactured with organic and recycled materials. » Office and Consumer Products Sales for Office and Consumer Products were down, due largely to customer inventory reductions. Yet even with a very soft top line, we achieved our margin target objectives for the second half of the year. Our strategy in this business will be to continue to focus on product renovations to drive demand in our highly popular and profitable Avery-brand printable media categories and to manage the balance of the product portfolio to maximize return on investment.
» Radio Frequency Identification

RFID continues to be an important strategic initiative for us. Our inlay volume nearly tripled in 2007. We achieved our internal targets for quality, and we restructured the business to align it with market demand. While the market is smaller than we expected five years ago, it is still growing rapidly and offers great opportunity for future growth.  In our RIS business, we are seeing strong interest in item-level tagging. We are partnering with U.K.-based retailer Marks & Spencer for the largest deployment of this type of technology in the world. In addition, we are involved in more than a dozen pilot projects to expand the market for apparel and other item-level RFID tag applications.  In all, we expect RFID-related sales to be close to $50 million in 2008. Geographic Reach Deepens The developing markets of Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe once again delivered solid growth and remain a cornerstone of our long-term growth strategy. Nearly 30% of our total revenue is now generated in these markets. China continues to be a major source of growth and investment. During the past year, we added new capacity for our RIS, Roll Materials and Specialty Tape businesses there.

sales (Dollars in billions)

32 consecutive years of dividend increases (Dollars)

6.3 5.3 4.7 5.5 5.6
1.6

$1.61

 .8

 .0

75 03 04 05 06 07

07

12.5%

compound annual growth rate

improvement and increased sales of our Avery-brand printable media products. ++  Accelerating deployment of Enterprise Lean Sigma programs to enhance our customers' experience through increased productivity and improved service and quality. ++  Significantly increasing cash flow, with a reduced capital budget and improved working capital efficiency. ++  Continuing to build a strong organization by hiring and developing high-potential employees and business leaders throughout our global operations. Embedded in these priorities is a commitment to sustainability--to achieving business success through responsible economic, social and environmental practices that help build and maintain healthy communities around the world. We have adopted a Corporate Sustainability Charter and have assembled a core team of business unit leaders to oversee our efforts in the social and environmental areas. Sustainability reflects our commitment to doing business in a manner consistent with our ethics and values.  To our employees, we would like to offer a sincere thank you for a year of hard work and diligent efforts to expand our business and deliver improved bottom line results.  We would also like to welcome Ken Hicks, the president and chief merchandising officer of J.C. Penney Company, Inc., to our Board of Directors. Ken is a seasoned executive with extensive merchandising and operations experience.  Finally, we would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your support and continued confidence, particularly through these challenging market conditions.

4

Likewise, the Indian subcontinent is becoming a major new source of growth, following in the same development footsteps as China. We are equally well positioned in this part of the world, and recently have invested in new capacity for both RIS and our materials business. A Sense of Urgency and Confidence We are moving forward with a renewed sense of urgency and a high degree of confidence in our ability to manage in an uncertain economic environment. We intend to drive long-term growth through new technology platforms, product and service innovation and the capability to manage highly dispersed global operations. Our core competencies in materials science and process technology enable us to combine film, paper, adhesives and precision coatings in unique ways. These core competencies represent a key competitive advantage for us that contributes to our market-leading position.  The achievement of our 2008 priorities will position us well for the future. These priorities include: ++  Completing the Paxar integration, achieving our targeted cost synergies and accelerating growth in the RIS business. ++  Increasing our sales and profits in the pressure-sensitive materials business through improved productivity, price increases, new application development and continued growth in the emerging markets. ++  Improving return on investment and cash flow from our office products business through continued productivity

Avery Dennison 2007 Annual Report

Dean A. Scarborough President and Chief Executive Officer

Kent Kresa Chairman of the Board
March 1, 2008

