DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
Total Shareholder Return of 34% in 2016 compares favorably to the 21% return in the S&P MidCap 400 Index
34%
Indexed Stock Price Return

21%

Anixter S&P MidCap 400 Index

2016

2016 IN REVIEW
Following the strategic acquisition of Tri-Ed Security Solutions in 2014 and HD Supply's Power Solutions businesses in 2015, our focus in 2016 turned to execution. We exited 2016 on track with our integration plans and exceeded our synergy goals, which include delivering $40 million in cumulative EBITDA synergies by 2018. Combined with our legacy businesses, the acquisitions strengthened and repositioned our distribution platform, enabling us to increase our share in the markets in which we participate. As a testament to the value this brings our customers, in the third quarter of 2016, we were awarded a $750 million, five-year contract serving one of the largest investor-owned utilities in the country. This contract is the largest in Anixter's history and was awarded as a direct result of the capabilities created by the combined businesses. Consistent with our overall growth strategy, the acquired businesses expand Anixter's product offering, increase our customer and supplier base, broaden our end-market exposure and significantly expand the markets we serve. In addition to the recent major contract award referenced above, we are pleased with other early successes driven by these acquisitions, including cross selling lighting and electrical equipment to legacy Anixter customers and traditional wire and cable products to legacy Power Solutions customers. We are also engaged in helping utility customers secure their critical physical infrastructures through our industryleading physical security solutions. While a byproduct of our transformation was a larger exposure to North America, we remain committed to our global footprint and view it as a competitive advantage. Near term, we will have opportunities to expand the acquired

businesses internationally and already have growth initiatives underway in Mexico and the United Kingdom, which will further leverage the North American platform. While we are pleased with our early success with the recent acquisitions, we continue to focus on building our legacy businesses and organic growth initiatives. Our business with global accounts in both the NSS and EES segments had a very strong year and we are pleased with our performance in some of our smaller but faster growing initiatives, including professional audio visual and wireless. Technological evolution including continued growth in mobility, LED lighting and cloud services all create opportunities for us to expand our growth. Our financial position remains strong as we continue driving efficiency in the management of the business. Strong working capital management helped fuel cash flow from operations of $279 million in 2016. Consistent with our stated capital allocation priorities to return to target debt levels, we reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to 51.6 percent in 2016. While our short-term goal is to return to our target range of 45 to 50 percent, longer term we will evaluate our capital needs for growth and opportunities to return cash flow to shareholders. Finally, shareholders were rewarded, with a total shareholder return of 34 percent in 2016, which compares favorably to the 21 percent return in the S&P 400 MidCap index.

global markets. We continue to develop and expand customer and supplier relationships enabled by our expanded product offerings. The tremendous progress we made in 2016 with many suppliers serves to highlight the opportunities we have going forward with a more complete set of customer solutions as Anixter further penetrates the electrical and utility markets. With the majority of the customerfacing integration completed, we will shift our integration focus to system conversions and distribution network optimization.

OUTLOOK
As we look at macro-economic conditions, we are encouraged by what we see in our end markets, with recent weakness in industrial markets stabilizing and showing signs of recovery. Commodity prices, including oil and copper, have increased from their recent low prices, which is a positive for our business model. Markets outside of North America, including both Europe and Latin America, are improving and our customers' end markets are beginning to recover, although we continue to experience a negative impact from the stronger U.S. dollar. We are closely analyzing the potential impacts of corporate tax rate reductions, increased infrastructure investment and reductions in regulation that are being discussed. While the net effect may be favorable, there are too many unknowns regarding both specific details and timing to quantify the short-term impact at this time. While we will continue to monitor all potential changes and adjust our business plans accordingly, we are optimistic regarding growth opportunities. Prospects for lower taxes, investment in infrastructure and reduced regulation should positively impact Anixter and our customers.

2017: CONTINUED FOCUS ON INTEGRATION AND EXECUTION
As we look to 2017, Anixter has a strong platform in place for sustainable and profitable growth. Each of our segments is well positioned in extremely large, highly fragmented and growing

Our Mexico City team supports breast cancer awareness through our Anixter Cares program.

COMPETITIVE POSITION
In today's global economy, our customers have complex supply chains that span multiple locations and countries. With decades of experience helping customers deploy large-scale projects throughout the world, our differentiated business model, with competitive advantages derived from our global footprint, industryleading technical expertise and customizable supply chain solutions, is unique in the industry and valued by our customers. To highlight one aspect of our competitive differentiators, a unique value that Anixter brings to customers is our Infrastructure Solutions LabSM ­ a world-class lab and education center at our Glenview, Ill., headquarters. Our technical experts use the lab to test our products for performance and quality compliance as well as to demonstrate product solutions, working with suppliers and customers to determine optimal performance while also reducing costs, complexity and risk inherent in our customers' projects. We also constantly innovate to help customers. Anixter TrakrTM geo-stamping technology, used to manage a wide variety of material on construction sites, is a recent example of using state-of-the-art technology to deliver unique solutions to our customers.

Our business is committed to corporate responsibility, promoting responsible business practices at every level of the company and expecting the same of all of our employees and business partners. Through our corporate sustainability program, we seek to reduce the environmental impacts associated with energy, waste, materials, natural resources and transportation. We are proud to be in a business that supports the sustainability goals of our customers as we strive to improve the efficiency of their supply chains. Please refer to our Corporate Responsibility Report for further information. At Anixter, we are proud to extend our culture and values through Anixter Cares, our internal charitable donations program, into the communities where employees and customers work and live. In addition to providing time off for employees to volunteer at a non-profit organization of their choice and providing matching gifts for higher education, we continue to team up with organizations including Habitat for Humanity, American Red Cross, and Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago to transform lives and improve the communities in which we operate.

on a global basis and are well positioned to deliver continued profitable growth. We thank all of our customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders for your ongoing support and look forward to continuing to deliver excellent value to all of our stakeholders in the coming year. Sincerely,

Samuel Zell Chairman

Robert J. Eck President and Chief Executive Officer

OUR PEOPLE, CULTURE AND VALUES
The successes of 2016 would not have been possible without the nearly 9,000 associates across the globe working to provide world-class support to our customers and suppliers. As we build a team from multiple acquisitions and organic expansion, the Blue Book continues to guide our philosophy. The principles of the Blue Book put people first and hold us to a high standard of performance with an uncompromising approach to ethics.

OUR VALUE PROPOSITION: CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES AND SHAREHOLDERS
Finally, as we reflect on our business, strategy and financial goals, we believe more than ever that Anixter offers a compelling shareholder value proposition resulting from the value we deliver to our suppliers and customers, underpinned by a financially strong and capitalefficient business model. As we enter 2017, our 60th year in business, we are extending our leadership position in attractive businesses

Theodore A. Dosch Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer

