Dear Shareholders
   OVERVIEW
2011 was a very successful year for Anixter despite operating in a volatile global economy marked by a muted recovery in most countries around the world. The Company’s flexible business model helped us to respond quickly to current and potential customers’ needs and allowed us to gain market share during a challenging macroeconomic environment. In 2011,
we not only strengthened our competitive position with both customers and suppliers, but we also further solidified our already strong financial position.
Our unique customer value proposition enabled us
to deliver record revenues in 2011 as we shifted away from the requisite defensive posture of the recessionary period to a more aggressive growth mode. Even though the unpredictable environment dictated some caution
in new investment decisions, we consistently capitalized on growth opportunities by leveraging our competitive cost structure and global footprint. We made new, strategic investments in our Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business in Emerging Markets, in our Industrial Automation business in North America and
in significant information system initiatives to enable even greater capabilities in our global processes.
Anixter’s 17 percent revenue growth for 2011 was
driven by a very broad-based expansion across all
of our geographic reporting segments as well as each
of our end markets. According to our analysis, our growth exceeded industry growth rates, which resulted in market share expansion in many of our markets fueled by growth with existing customers as well as the acquisition of significant new customers. As expected, Emerging Markets was our highest-growing geographic region with a growth rate of 23 percent while Europe, at 14 percent revenue growth, delivered strong results despite the continued macroeconomic uncertainty in that market.
We are also very pleased with the 25 percent growth experienced within our OEM Supply business, which is further evidence of our strength in this end market.
We delivered 12 percent incremental operating profit leverage on incremental sales. This performance is even more impressive considering it comes after generating 15 percent incremental operating profit leverage in the prior calendar year. Our disciplined management of
each business resulted in a 38 percent year-on-year improvement in operating profit and a 52 percent improvement in net income, excluding special charges. (Note, the year-on-year comparisons throughout this letter for operating expense, operating profit, net income,
diluted earnings per share and return on equity have been adjusted to exclude the various items outlined on page
26 of the Company’s Form 10-K.) This strong earnings performance, combined with another year of improved working capital management, resulted in very strong cash flow despite the increased working capital required to support the 17 percent revenue growth.
During 2011, we made significant progress in integrating our fourth quarter 2010 CLARK Security Products acquisition, helping us build what had already been
a strong security products business into a nearly
$1 billion global operation. Also during the year,
we divested our profitable—but extremely asset intensive—Aerospace Hardware division. Changes
in the aerospace market drove this strategic decision, which led to the business no longer fitting our business model nor leveraging our core competencies. The sale of this business enabled us to redeploy capital to other strategic initiatives and reassess our capital structure.
Our cash flow from operations, combined with the proceeds from the sale of the aerospace business,
not only supported the working capital needs of a
growing business, but also allowed us to return
$152 million of excess capital to our shareholders through the repurchase of two million shares of stock
(six percent of the outstanding shares) and in-the-money convertible debt. This brought our cumulative share repurchases to 11 percent of total outstanding shares between the fourth quarter 2009 and fourth quarter 2011.
Overall, the flexibility of the operating model, combined with our healthy financial position, allows us to maintain an efficient capital structure that supports growth and enables us to return excess cash to shareholders. We will continue to invest in our business in ways that will increase shareholder value over the long term.
STRATEGIC FOCUS
Anixter is well positioned for further success in 2012
with an experienced leadership team, an improved capital structure, robust credit facilities and the cash generation capabilities necessary to extend our global reach in all segments of our business. As we have stated, our strategy largely revolves around increasing shareholder value from the unique global platform we have built over the past two decades. Our business not only goes to market with
a common identity throughout the world, but it also uses the same business systems, operating practices and processes while maintaining common service programs that are managed globally. Our “One Anixter” model
provides a unique value proposition to customers who, from a supply chain efficiency perspective, are looking to lower the total costs of acquisition, ownership and deployment of the products we sell. Our expanding e-business capabilities will make it easier for customers to find the products they need and to integrate their systems directly with ours.
Equally important is the fact that our business model provides an efficient and consistent channel to market for the many suppliers we represent. We view our supplier relationships as critical to our success. By providing highly trained salespeople, knowledgeable about products and applications, we create demand for our partner suppliers’ products. This technical sales capability coupled with supply chain management services gives our suppliers a high-value sales and delivery channel for their products. As we grow geographically and by number of products distributed, this value proposition becomes even more compelling.
Our innovative offerings and capabilities continue to enhance our market position as a leading value-added distributor of industrial products in three end markets: Enterprise Cabling & Security Solutions, Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable and OEM Supply. Our business model’s success is built on specialization and is centered on the following strategic imperatives:
1. Build and expand customer and supplier relationships through a compelling value proposition based on our technical knowledge of products and their specific applications, combined with sophisticated supply chain management services
2. Strengthen customer loyalty through diverse product offerings that provide complete solutions and a first-class level of service
3. Leverage our global footprint to support the operations of both our customers and suppliers around the world
4. Execute efficiently and at the highest levels of quality in all aspects of our business
This model has greatly enhanced our ability to sustain our customer and supplier relationships in any market environment. Looking ahead, our strategic focus remains largely unchanged as we look to drive continued growth in 2012. We believe this strategy will provide us with better operating leverage on a country-by-country basis, leading to improved operating results and returns in the future. To better optimize performance, it is important that we continue to focus on:
• Expanding our product lines and service offerings within each end market globally
   
   • Building out a multiple end-market presence in more countries where we are already established
• Driving deeper geographic market penetration within countries where we currently operate, as well as expanding geographic coverage to areas that provide growth potential.
By simultaneously pursuing these three goals, we believe we can more fully capitalize on our global footprint and the established cost structure, as well as further diversify our business by both product line and geography. While Anixter seeks to expand on the three strategic areas highlighted above, the company’s current product, geographic, end market and customer diversity has provided—and will continue to provide—a solid platform for growth in all market environments. With
a healthy acquisition pipeline, we believe that in the appropriate situations the right strategic acquisition can help us accelerate our growth rate in one or more of the above three focus areas.
PRODUCT LINE AND SERVICE OFFERING ExPANSION
Product line expansion has always been a key contributor to Anixter’s growth profile. One of the best examples
of this type of growth is the presence we built in the video surveillance and access control market over the past decade, which now represents approximately $1 billion
in annual sales. The acquisition of CLARK Security Products provides expertise in access control products with a specific focus on IP-enabled products to give us
a unique synergy to grow our business across the broader spectrum of security products. In many countries and regions in which we operate, much of our success has been built on a subset of our global product portfolio.
By expanding our product offerings across all countries we can achieve a broader and deeper sales mix. With little incremental operating expense and a modest inventory investment, this type of expansion should improve the operating leverage and profitability in those countries where we expect to achieve increased levels of success.
Looking ahead, several opportunities exist in high-growth categories for our business. These include the addition of suppliers and products indigenous to or suited to market requirements of a given country or geographic region, additional part sets with existing OEM Supply customers, expansion opportunities with Industrial Automation products as an extension of our Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business and the growth
potential of Distributed Antenna Systems and In-Building Wireless within our Enterprise Cabling & Security Solutions business. Equally as important, our expanded service offerings will ultimately increase our customers’ efficiency and lower their total costs, further cementing the value of doing business with Anixter.
END-MARKET PENETRATION
Our growing global business, which now operates in more than 50 countries, was initially built around the Enterprise Cabling & Security Solutions end market. Today, our presence in the Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable
end market remains heavily focused in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Our OEM Supply business was initially built from acquisitions in the United States and the United Kingdom, and has been expanded through smaller acquisitions in France, Germany, Italy and Mexico.
Given that we have established operations in many countries where we have historically had limited or
no previous presence in the Electrical and Electronic
Wire & Cable or OEM Supply end markets, we have now entered some of these additional end markets in more countries with minimal incremental investment. Three examples of this progress include 1) investment in wire and cable sales and marketing personnel in the Latin America and the Asia Pacific regions, which have already begun to show significant progress; 2) development of global relationships with engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) companies to expand industrial wire and cable sales in the Emerging Markets and Middle East; and 3) expansion of our Asian engineering center and quality inspection lab for our OEM Supply business to include an international procurement organization, which supports accelerated domestic sales growth in China as well as expanded low-cost country sourcing for the United States and Europe.
This type of expansion should increase sales and improve the operational leverage of our existing infrastructure.
It also presents an opportunity to showcase our unique capabilities in being able to negotiate a deal in one country, work with the customer’s engineers on project specifications and supply chain requirements in another country, and ultimately deliver the product in a third country. In some cases, these three countries can be
on three different continents. This strategic expansion
is further evidence of our market and technical expertise, which has proven to be an important differentiator from our competition.
GEOGRAPHIC ExPANSION
In most countries other than the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, our presence for the first
50+ years of our existence had largely been limited to the capital or primary industrial city. With an operational and legal entity structure already established in approximately 50 other countries, there are significant penetration opportunities in some emerging-market countries, such as Brazil and China, where a presence can be established in additional cities for a modest incremental investment. Our recently added sales
and warehouse locations in both of those countries are beginning to provide more opportunities for both day-to-day business as well as projects.
Starting in 2011, we began to operate in Morocco, representing our first entry into Africa. We also established a joint venture in Saudi Arabia to support what we expect to be significant capital spending in infrastructure projects as well as energy and industrial expansion. These additional investments will open up our value proposition to companies operating in those regions and provide greater market coverage for our customers and suppliers, all while better leveraging our existing business support costs. We can ramp up with a largely variable cost structure until these new locations reach a volume level that supports additional fixed cost investment.
FINANCIAL REVIEW 2011 RESULTS
In a year estimated to have averaged low single-digit GDP growth globally, we increased sales by 16.5 percent in 2011 versus the prior year. This sales growth consists of 10 percent organic growth, excluding the 2 percent positive impact from increasing copper prices, the
2 percent positive impact of foreign exchange effects and the 2 percent positive effect of a December
2010 acquisition.
Our OEM Supply end market delivered the strongest organic sales growth during the year at 23 percent,
as almost all customer verticals showed growth including new part sets with many of these customers. Both cabling-related businesses experienced strong growth
as increased levels of customer capital project spending helped complement an improving day-to-day business. IT-related spending combined with continued robust demand for security products helped to fuel a 6 percent organic sales increase in our Enterprise Cabling & Security
   
          Solutions products end market. The Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable business experienced very strong project growth to help drive a 13 percent year-on-year increase in organic sales.
Our Emerging Markets segment grew at an exceptionally strong pace, delivering a 20 percent increase in organic sales. This was fueled by the investments in Electrical and Electronic Wire & Cable and OEM Supply that grew organically at the rate of 82 percent and 43 percent, respectively. North America and Europe experienced organic sales growth of 10 percent and 8 percent, respectively, with OEM Supply showing the highest end market growth in both regions. All regions benefited from new customer wins and our ability to further leverage our “One Anixter” strategy.
Gross margin was flat year-on-year while operating expenses as a percent of sales improved by 90 basis points during 2011. The operating expense metric excludes the first quarter 2011 restructuring charge related to the European cost structure improvement initiative. A positive improvement in end-market mix offset the downward gross margin pressure due to the higher mix of security product sales. The much-lower level of operating expenses as a percentage of sales is a result of prudent and disciplined cost management resulting in significant leverage on the much-higher sales volume. Excluding currency and the acquisition, higher absolute spending levels were almost entirely driven by volume-related variable expenses as well
as a higher incentive compensation expense, both related to the stronger overall business performance. This performance resulted in a 90 basis point improvement in operating margin bringing full year 2011 operating margin to 6 percent.
As mentioned, during 2011 we returned a total of
$152 million to shareholders through the repurchase
2 million shares of stock and the purchase of in-the-money convertible debt. We significantly lowered our debt by approximately 9 percent and a total of
26 percent in the past three years. The combination
of these actions has resulted in a debt-to-total-capital ratio of 45 percent, which is at the low end of our targeted range of 45–50 percent. While we improved diluted earnings per share by over 50 percent in 2011,
we also improved our return on equity by over 400 basis points. Our disciplined management of the business through both the recession and in the critical early stages of recovery allowed us to deliver record revenues in 2011 that, when combined with an efficient capital structure, positions us extremely well for the future.
OUTLOOK
Even though growth rates of both the U.S. and global markets are difficult to predict in the current economic climate, we believe that our strategic growth initiatives position us well to achieve continued strong sales growth and further market share improvement. Our sales growth will further utilize our global supply chain platform and drive operating profit leverage. In addition, our synergistic revenue growth opportunities fueled by our “One Anixter” initiative will maximize the benefit of our size and scale but will still allow us to offer customized solutions to customers around the world.
While we do not expect to deliver top-line growth rates
in the high teens as we achieved in 2011, we believe
that in 2012 we can deliver organic growth in the high single-digit levels despite global growth only expected
to average in the low single digits. Uncertainties regarding European economic stability, events in the Middle East and broader concerns regarding the trajectory of U.S. growth rates will likely continue to make it very difficult to predict trends in our business. However, we believe that we have the right business model, people, capital structure, credit facilities and cash flow necessary to execute on our growth strategy. Furthermore, the combination of top-line growth, coupled with prudent pricing and cost discipline should result in improved operating margins and strong cash flow in 2012. This cash flow will give us the flexibility to not only fund
future growth opportunities, but also provide alternatives for additional means of value creation.
In summary, we expect to drive sales growth at a faster rate than local market economic growth rates in all of our businesses and will generate incremental operating earnings leverage in the high single digits. In addition, our strong capital structure should provide us the flexibility to support the working capital requirements of a growing top line. Overall, our favorable financial characteristics allow us to quickly adjust to new market realities and fund investments in crucial long-term growth initiatives as we efficiently capitalize on future opportunities. While organic growth continues to be a key to the success of the business, it will at times be augmented with the right acquisitions, based on their strategic fit with the business and the opportunity to acquire them at reasonable valuations, to provide an additional avenue to profitable growth. Our priorities for future cash generation will continue to be optimization of our debt structure, strategic acquisitions, and when appropriate, return of capital to our shareholders.
CONCLUSION
We are excited about the many opportunities ahead of us because of the dedication of the more than 8,000 Anixter employees around the globe. Through the continued support of our customers and suppliers,
we have consistently delivered a strong customer
value proposition, which in turn delivered a compelling shareholder value proposition in 2011. This all translated into a successful year for all of our stakeholders. Our strong financial results underscore the sustained competitive advantages of our business model, which provides a robust platform for profitable growth in the future. As proud as we are with the way our global team has responded to the challenges over these last few years, we know many opportunities remain to build on what is already a strong and diverse business.
We also know that our shareholders, just like all investors, have choices in where to invest their resources. We want to assure each and every shareholder that our strong
and experienced leadership team is focused on building on the accomplishments of the past year with the plans and resources in place to make the current year even better. We thank all of our stakeholders, including employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders
for their continued support and we look to 2012 with continued optimism and confidence.
Sincerely,
SAMUEL zELL Chairman
ROBERT J. ECK
President and Chief Executive Officer
THEODORE A. DOSCH
Executive Vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
     