DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
2018 WAS A MILESTONE YEAR FOR ANIXTER. HIGHLIGHTS INCLUDED NAMING A NEW CEO, EMBARKING ON AN INNOVATION AND BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY, AND MAKING CONTINUED PROGRESS IN THE EVOLUTION OF THE BUSINESS, ALL CULMINATING IN A YEAR OF SOLID FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE.
As part of our disciplined and well-executed succession planning process, effective July 1, 2018, upon Bob Eck’s retirement, Bill Galvin was named President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. Bill began his career with Anixter as an inside sales representative in 1984. During this time, Bill has held increasingly important positions in sales, sales management and marketing, including leading the Network and Security Solutions Segment. He played a vital role in building our security business organically, integrating multiple acquisitions, and championing our customer access strategy. Most recently, Bill served as President and Chief Operating Officer.
We are grateful for Bob Eck’s leadership, including serving as President and CEO for the past 10 years. Among Bob’s most significant contributions, he guided the business through the two largest acquisitions in our history. These acquisitions transformed and strengthened the business, positioning Anixter for future growth. We will continue to benefit from Bob’s valuable perspective as an ongoing member of the Board of Directors.
Other executive leadership changes included naming Bill Standish, EVP – Utility Power Solutions and Orlando McGee, EVP - Global Operations. Anixter International Inc. also appointed Jamie Moffitt, Chief Financial Officer of the University of Oregon, William S. Simon, former CEO of WalMart USA, currently Senior Advisor of KKR and Charles M. Swoboda, former President and CEO of Cree LIghting, currently President of Cape Point Advisors, LLC to the Board of Directors.
 Embarking on an INNOVATION and BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION journey...
                    Build.
Build.
Build.
Connect.
Build.
Power.
      Build.
Protect.
Build.
Services.
Build.
Worldwide.

2018 FINANCIAL RESULTS
In 2018, we delivered record sales in
all businesses, with organic growth in all segments and geographies. In addition to solid execution, the business benefited from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and global growth tailwinds.
Full year organic growth of nearly 5% was driven by recovery in our project business with complex and global accounts; growth initiatives including security, professional audio/video, and wireless; and momentum in our services business driven by growth with large customers and new contract wins.
Strong organic growth was supplemented by the acquisition of three security companies (CSD, Inner Range and Atlas Gentech) based in Australia and
New Zealand. These acquisitions establish Anixter as the market leader in the security distribution market in these geographies and bring us innovative solutions that will be valued by customers across the world. Strategically, this acquisition enhances our position
with emerging growth opportunities including the connected building and Internet of Things (“IoT”) solutions.
Following several years of gross margin pressure, largely driven by a return to a more inflationary environment, we invested
in a company-wide effort to expand gross margin by giving our salespeople more tools, training and strategies to improve profitability. The actions we implemented are gaining momentum, evidenced by the margin improvement in our fourth quarter performance. Importantly, we believe
we have meaningful gross margin
upside and delivering on that opportunity is a top priority.
On the cost side, we faced unexpected headwinds as the year progressed, most notably, increases in freight expense, along with labor rates and medical benefits.
We delivered adjusted EBITDA of $411 million and adjusted earnings per share of $5.83, while generating $138 million of cash from operations. Consistent with our leverage targets, we reduced our debt-to- capital ratio to 44.4% in 2018, below our target range of 45 – 50% and achieved our leverage ratio, at the high end of our 2.5- to-3.0 range for debt-to-adjusted EBITDA.
In the fourth quarter we issued $250 million of 6.00% senior notes due 2025 and redeemed $350 million of 5.625% senior notes due 2019, adding financial flexibility and reducing capital structure risks. The success of this issuance in extremely volatile market conditions is
a testament to the confidence that the investor community has in our business and in our balance sheet.
INVESTING IN INNOVATION
AND BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION In 2018, we accelerated our investment in innovation and business transformation, with a dual focus on customer-facing technologies to enhance our digital capabilities and technologies that will create operational excellence and back- office efficiencies. We are transforming our global business processes to deliver enterprise efficiencies and make it easier for our customers to do business with us anywhere in the world.
We are in the early stages of our business transformation, which will deliver state- of-the-art customer-facing technologies and enterprise efficiencies. While we will increase our investment in innovation
and business transformation initiatives
in 2019, we expect this investment to result in significant long-term benefits
to our expense structure, with the goal
of improving the profitability and cash flow generation of the business, creating value for all stakeholders. Our gross margin expansion will fund this ongoing investment in innovation as well as deliver operating margin efficiency.
    
 KEY PRIORITIES FOR 2019 AND BEYOND
As we look to 2019, Anixter remains well-positioned for top line growth and on-going market share gains. Our top priorities fall into the following areas: 1) executing our Customer Access Strategy; 2) pursuing innovation and technology that delivers customer and shareholder value; 3) continued broadening of our global service capabilities; 4) improving the profitability of the business; and 5) creating value through disciplined capital allocation.
CUSTOMER ACCESS STRATEGY
Our Customer Access Strategy, which focusses on the significant opportunity
to drive growth through cross-selling, keeps customer engagement with Anixter simple and efficient while providing highly customized solutions to our customers’ complex supply chain challenges. Across our global footprint, customers can connect with Anixter however they choose, ranging from an inside sales representative or branch location to the digital platform of their choice.
INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY
As technology blurs the lines between IP-enabled communications and electrical solutions, we provide broad capabilities to support a more connected world. Emerging technologies and applications that
include cloud computing, 5G, IoT, edge data centers, and smart cities represent important opportunities for Anixter and our existing customer base. We have structured our sales and technical resource teams to most effectively capture this growth.
SERVICE CAPABILITIES
We will continue to develop innovative service capabilities, which range from installation enhancement services to project deployment services to integrated supply chain programs, all of which
provide our customers with financial and risk mitigation strategies. To illustrate our capabilities, we are currently collaborating on the deployment of a professional audio/video project for a large global technology customer and their audio/video integrator. The project includes 26 different configurations, deployment in 18,000 conference rooms, in over 100 countries, resulting in $50 million in incremental revenues over the next two years. We believe Anixter is uniquely positioned to win and successfully deliver these types of complex global projects, requiring extensive technical and supply chain expertise.
PROFITABILITY
Our focus is on:
• Delivering consistent long-term
performance
• Executing strategies to accelerate
sales growth
• Increasing gross margin and
leveraging our expense structure • Improving profitability
CAPITAL ALLOCATION
Finally, a hallmark of our model is
the significant cash flow we generate combined with a disciplined approach to capital allocation. We remain committed to our policy of first investing in initiatives and strategies to drive organic growth, followed by investing in acquisitions that provide
a strategic benefit and meet our financial criteria, deleveraging, and ultimately, returning value to shareholders.
Looking at the external environment, economic uncertainty increased moving into 2019 as we faced continued trade and tariff concerns, slowing growth in global markets, and geopolitical issues including Brexit. While the backdrop may be less bullish than a year ago, we
are cautiously optimistic regarding economic growth in 2019, and we
are confident that our business is well-positioned in the current economic and competitive environment.
1.) CUSTOMER ACCESS
STRATEGY
2.) INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY
3.) SERVICE CAPABILITIES
4.) PROFITABILITY
5.) CAPITAL ALLOCATION

OUR PEOPLE, CULTURE AND VALUES
Our success would not be possible without the 9,000-plus associates across the globe working to provide world class support
to our customers and suppliers. We are proud of our Blue Book culture at Anixter, which has guided our business philosophy and company values for over 60 years. With change being a constant in our business, we continue to adapt the Anixter culture to today’s business environment. Consequently, we are improving our work environment, creating a collaborative workplace, encouraging more effective interaction, supporting innovation and enhancing our execution.
Anixter remains committed to corporate responsibility, promoting responsible business practices at every level of
the company. Through our corporate sustainability commitment, we seek
to reduce the environmental impacts associated with energy, waste, materials, natural resources and transportation. Please refer to our Corporate Responsibility Report for further information.
We are proud to extend our culture through Anixter Cares, a program that combines our philanthropic commitment with the desire of our employees to give back to the communities where they work and
live. This past year, we again teamed up
with organizations including Habitat for Humanity, Bernie’s Book Bank, American Cancer Society, Feed My Starving Children and American Diabetes Association to build homes, promote literacy, support people
in need, and ultimately transform lives. A highlight of the year was the opportunity for four Anixter employees to volunteer alongside President Carter at the Habitat for Humanity Carter Work Project in South Bend, Indiana.
Launched in 2017, our CONNECT Women’s Group is now more than 500 members strong, providing opportunities for women across the organization to network and learn, personally and professionally. The highlights of our 2018 programs included sessions on mentoring, personal branding and how investors view Anixter.
CONCLUSION
We are fortunate to have leading positions in large, growing and fragmented markets, a compelling value proposition for both our customer and supplier partners, a strong financial position and a healthy corporate culture. As our business evolves to our vision to become “a services company
that is exceptional at distribution”, our overarching goal remains to create superior returns for our shareholders while building a sustainable business that benefits all stakeholders.
As always, we thank our shareholders for your confidence, our suppliers and customers for your partnership, and our employees for your dedication and contributions to our success.
Sincerely,
Samuel Zell
Chairman
William A. Galvin
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Theodore A. Dosch
Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer
       