    2
samuel zell RObeRt J. eCk
Chairman President and Chief executive Officer
Dear Shareholders
OVERVIEW
Fiscal year 2008 was, without a doubt, one of the most dynamic years in the company’s history. the overriding influence during the year centered on the relative strength of the global economy and the impact of the global financial crisis on both the economy and our business. despite these headwinds, 2008 was a year in which we posted record sales, operating earnings and net income for the first nine months of the year, before a rapidly deteriorating macro economic environment caught up with us in the fourth quarter. importantly, however, for the full year we were still able to post a return on shareholders’ equity of 18 percent.
moreover, we made significant progress against key strategic initiatives during the year. these included initiatives to grow our security business, expand the geographic footprint of our electrical/electronic Wire & Cable business and drive organic growth in our Oem supply business. We also had record levels of acquisition activity as we acquired a total of five well-managed, profitable companies that expand our product lines, geographic reach and assist us in serving important customer needs. lastly, following the retirement of bob Grubbs in mid-2008, bob eck assumed the position of Chief executive Officer. the transition has been smooth as bob eck continues to advance the company’s long-term strategy of driving strong growth and shareholder returns.
While the company’s ongoing strategy remains consistent and focused on the long term, the evolving macro environment necessitated a shift in management’s immediate focus in the fourth quarter. We moved from concentrating primarily
dennis J. letHam
executive Vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
on sales and earnings growth to focusing on cost and working capital man- agement. this shift in emphasis recognizes that in softer economic times our business can be a strong generator of cash. that cash flow can be used to strengthen the balance sheet and better position the company for a return to growth and stronger shareholder value creation.
although there were many positive accomplishments in 2008, it was also a year that produced negative shareholder returns. While the loss of shareholder value was much more a factor of macro economic conditions than characteristics specific to the company—given the stock’s performance was in-line or better than some industry peers and indices—it does not erase the significant loss in value during the year. Our efforts in 2009 will be aimed at not only navigating through this difficult time, but also to position anixter to thrive when the overall economy starts to rebound. We believe our flexible and diversified business model will once again strongly position us for the eventual economic recovery.
EcOnOmIc EnVIROnmEnt
What started as a housing and mortgage financing sector problem in 2007, which had little impact on our operations, grew as 2008 unfolded into a broad-based credit market crisis that eventually impacted economies throughout the world and, in turn, many parts of our business. as the economic problems worsened and the levels of uncertainty increased, it led to even tighter credit market conditions and extreme volatility in both foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. these conditions presented us with a number of challenges in the final months of the year, including:
Anixter 2008 Annual Report

                                                            Tight Credit Markets—the highly restricted credit markets that emerged in the latter months of 2008 presented the company with a number of challenges, with the most significant being the impact on demand as customers deferred all types of spending in an effort to preserve capital. in addition to its effect on sales growth, the tight credit markets also increased the risks associated with granting customer trade credit. Our credit management practices have historically served us quite well, but the extreme tightness of the credit markets on a universal basis presented new challenges in managing credit risk in this environment.
Volatile Commodity Prices—Over the past three years we have repeatedly articulated the financial benefits of historically higher-priced copper on our financial performance. as the price for copper underwent a deflationary correction in the second half of 2008, it began to have an impact on our financial results. While certain products in specific markets dropped in price to reflect the lower raw material costs, for much of the market, pricing in the final months of the year continued to reflect higher-priced copper content in inventory throughout the supply chain. as the supply chain replaces its current high-priced inventory with new inventory that reflects recent copper prices, the deflationary impact of this will be seen more dramatically as we move into 2009.
Unstable Foreign Exchange Rates—during the last few months of
2008 the u.s. dollar reversed its multi-year slide against the world’s major
currencies and rallied in historic fashion, with as much as, or more than, a
20 percent change in value against single foreign currencies in the period of
While no two economic cycles are identical in terms of root causes and EUROPE 21%
consequences, we are confident that our experienced senior management, which has successfully guided the company through prior periods of economic uncertainty, can successfully apply the lessons of past cycles to guide our business through this period and have us well prepared to capitalize on the eventual recovery in the economy.
ECS 52% W&C 35% OEM 13%
NORTH AMERICA 70%
StRAtEGIc AccOmPLISHmEntS
While the macro economic environment captured the headlines and drove stock price performance in the later months of the year, this should not overshadow a number of very important strategic accomplishments achieved by the company in 2008. We believe these accomplishments are important factors that are helping us better cope with current economic conditions and position us more favorably for the long term. these achievements build on strategies we have been executing over the past few years and were instrumental in the record sales reported during 2008. thus, these will remain a focus of the company’s future growth initiatives:
Growth of OEM Supply Business—since late 2002 we have worked to
build a global Oem supply business focused on making fasteners and other
small components available to multinational Oems with high service levels
geographic capabilities of our Oem supply business and adds to the critical mass of our efforts in this market. at the same time, we had excellent success in expanding existing customer relationships through both the addition of new parts to existing contracts, new facilities to existing customer relationships as well as some significant new customer acquisitions. the productivity and cost savings this service model can generate continues to resonate with our Oem supply customers and gives us a great opportunity to continue
ECS 34%
one month. While we have had historically effective hedging programs to
W&C 19% OEM 47%
expanding this business.
ECS 52%
W&C 35%
OEM 13%
mitigate exchange risk in our foreign operations, this extreme volatility presented us with unprecedented challenges in managing this risk.
Growth of Security Product Sales—We continued to successfully drive growth in our sales of video surveillance and access control products together with the network infrastructure products used in building a security
ECS 34%
and global consistency of products, services and transaction processes. We have
W&C 19% OEM 47%
done this through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth. in 2008 we took a number of significant steps forward in these efforts. We acquired sofrasar in France, Camille Gergen in Germany, Qsn industries in the united states
EUROPE 21%
and Qsm de mexico in mexico. each of these businesses expands the
NORTH AMERICA 70%
system. during 2008 our sales grew by approximately 21 percent and we
ended the year with an annualized sales run rate of nearly $650 million. While we again had good success in the north american markets for these products, we also experienced accelerating momentum in the rest of the
ECS 95% W&C5%
EMERGING MARKETS 9%
   eCs W&C Oem
ECS 34% W&C 19% OEM 47%
EUROPE 21%
enteRPRise CablinG & seCuRity sOlutiOns eleCtRiCal/eleCtROniC WiRe & Cable Oem suPPly business
3
   Products. Technology. Services. Delivered Globally.

 4
world. the fundamentals of this market, which are fueled by a combination of technology evolving from analog to digital, and a desire to create safer public environments in corporations, schools, institutions, agencies and on the street, continues to drive strong growth.
Geographic Expansion of Electrical Wire & Cable Presence—Our efforts to expand the geographic presence of our electrical/electronic Wire & Cable business beyond its historical concentration in Canada, the united kingdom and the united states resulted in great success in 2008. Hard work over the past few years to build a presence in continental europe and the middle east continued to bear fruit, resulting in a 52 percent increase in sales. We ended the year with an annualized sales run rate of nearly $90 million for electrical/electronic Wire & Cable products within those regions. Our initial efforts at selling these products in the emerging markets have also met with positive initial success that we can build upon in future years. Our ability to provide globally consistent products and services to multinational customers as well as engineering, procurement and construction firms will continue to drive growth globally.
New Product and Supply Chain Service Programs—For many years a key part of our success has been driven by our ability to continually upgrade and expand our product and service offering to meet ever-changing customer needs. increasingly these efforts have involved new service programs that help the customer lower the total costs of procuring, owning and deploying products into their ultimate use. during 2008 we continued to add to our offering of Ready!sm programs that reduce customer labor costs, consolidate expenses and part number complexity through preassembly or kitting of products to streamline the customer supply chain. the efficiencies and cost reduction opportunities these service programs offer our customers are important factors in the growth and stability of our business in all economic climates.
FInAncIAL REVIEW OF 2008
despite the challenges presented by the macroeconomic environment, the company reached a number of important financial milestones in 2008:
Sales—While economic conditions produced decelerating year-on-year growth rates from those of the past few years, we nonetheless reported record sales for the year of $6.1 billion, which was an increase of 5 percent versus the prior year. this growth was aided by acquisitions that added $88 million to sales. the foreign exchange impact on full year sales was
immaterial. excluding acquisitions, sales in 2008 grew 3 percent versus the prior year.
Operating Income—For the year, operating income was down 11 percent to $392 million. While operating earnings through the first nine months showed year-on-year growth and operating margins approximated the record operating margins achieved for all of 2007, an acceleration of the macro economic decline in the fourth quarter affected operating earnings in a number of ways.
•  I n response to the substantially lower sales levels during the fourth  quarter, the company undertook a series of actions that resulted in severance-related costs and facility lease write-offs of approximately $8 million. these actions are expected to reduce future operating costs by approximately $15 million annually.
•  Deteriorating credit markets and economic conditions resulted in two  significant customer bankruptcies that resulted in additional fourth quarter bad debt expenses of $24 million.
•   Rapidly falling copper prices resulted in a fourth quarter inventory  markdown of $2 million.
•   A significant slowdown in sales activity in the last few months of 2008  produced operating deleveraging in the fourth quarter that resulted in a decline in operating margins of approximately 150 basis points, excluding the items above, as compared to the first nine months of the year.
Other Income and Expense—the highly volatile conditions in the foreign exchange markets along with valuation declines in the equity and bond markets resulted in a year-on-year change in Other income and expense from income of $4 million in 2007 to an expense of $26 million in 2008. the change was primarily driven by a reduction of $6 million in the cash surrender value of certain company-owned life insurance polices due to declining bond and equity values and $18 million of foreign exchange losses resulting from the very volatile currency markets in the second half of 2008.
Net Income—For the year, net income decreased by 23 percent to $196 million. the decrease was the result of economic softness and uncertainty in the latter months of 2008 that affected sales volumes and resulted in customer bankruptcies, inventory markdowns, foreign exchange losses due to extreme exchange rate volatility and expense actions to reduce future operating expenses.
Anixter 2008 Annual Report

 Liquidity—liquidity is an area of intense focus throughout the investment community and we believe we are strongly positioned in this area going into 2009. during the year the company generated $125 million of cash flow from operations which along with net borrowings of $196 million was used to fund capital expenditures of $33 million, acquisitions of $180 million and share repurchases of $105 million. at the end of the year the company’s debt-to-total capital ratio was 53 percent, or slightly above our target range of 45 to 50 percent. the company was comfortably within the limits of all of its loan covenants and had $248 million of available borrowing capacity under its existing bank agreements. Further, the company anticipates that with lower sales in the coming quarters, cash flow from operations will remain strong in 2009 as working capital is reduced in line with sales levels.
2009 OutLOOk
the best word to describe the outlook for 2009 is evolving. as the economic outlook and credit market conditions deteriorated in the later months of 2008, we saw some customers abruptly slow spending to preserve capital. at the same time, we have seen the united states Government and many foreign governments react in unprecedented ways to attempt to put a floor of support under the current economic and credit environment. the results of these government efforts will not be clearly known until the full impact of the efforts penetrates the economic environment and credit markets.
as we enter 2009 our results will be negatively affected by the deflationary influence of lower copper prices and our foreign operations will likely report lower sales and earnings because of the translation effects of a strengthened u.s. dollar. On the other hand, the full year impact of acquisitions completed in the second half of 2008 will add to sales in 2009 along with sales to new customers added in the latter part of 2008.
in response to the uncertainty the company will face in 2009, we will adhere to the lessons learned from managing through past downturns and continue to conservatively manage both our capital and cost structure. With regard to capital structure, we will use the cash flow generated by the business for short-term deleveraging of the balance sheet until there is substantially more clarity to the economic outlook and the capital markets have begun to return to more normalized conditions. all efforts will be made to optimize cash flow during this uncertain time. When market conditions allow, the company will attempt to extend debt maturities where economical and practicable.
With respect to our cost structure, we will continue to pursue actions to reduce volume-related costs in response to the economic conditions. at the same time, it is important to recognize that our people are our most valuable asset and we will be careful to preserve the customer service and technical expertise possessed by our employees as they are a critical factor for long- term success. this may mean some operational deleveraging in the near term to ensure the company is well positioned to respond swiftly to future growth opportunities when the economy inevitably resumes growing.
cOncLuSIOn
not only were the final months of 2008 very challenging, but the factors creating those challenges are likely to remain with us for the near term. there is no doubt, however, that in time the economy and credit markets will return to more normalized conditions, and we will be prepared to capitalize and grow both the company and shareholder value. before that time, we believe we are well positioned to navigate through the challenging environment due to our diversified end markets and product offering, flexible cost structure and ability to generate strong cash flow in a slowing economy.
Our long-term growth strategy continues to be enhancing the company’s prospects, expanding our competitive advantages, and positioning the business to excel when the economic environment improves. We appreciate the perseverance of our shareholders in these challenging times and the extra efforts of customers, suppliers and most importantly our employees in helping us to meet these challenges.
sincerely,
Chairman
RObeRt J. eCk
President and Chief Executive Officer
dennis J. letHam
Executive Vice President—Finance and Chief Financial Officer
 samuel zell
  5
Products. Technology. Services. Delivered Globally.
