  To Our Stakeholders
                      Pictured from left to right: John J. Bellanti, Executive Vice President–Worldwide Operations; Richard E. Dauch, Co-Founder & Executive Chairman of the Board; David C. Dauch, President & Chief Executive Officer; Mark S. Barrett, Group Vice President–Procurement & Program Management; Michael K. Simonte, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Alberto L. Satine, Group Vice President– Global Sales & Business Development. Not pictured: Terry J. Woychowski, Senior Vice President–Engineering & Quality.
 4

 2012 was an eventful year for AAM, characterized by substantial growth and diversification due to a high level of global launch activity. We made great strides in executing
our diversification initiatives while strengthening our global footprint through our expanding customer base and product portfolio. Having achieved market cost competitiveness at our facilities globally, we are confident in AAM’s future as our new business backlog serves as the foundation for our strong, profitable growth and business diversification opportunities.
 5
5

    Financial Performance
 In 2012, AAM’s financial performance was characterized by both successes and challenges. Our sales in 2012 were $2.93 billion, representing growth of approximately 13%, in-line with the U.S. seasonally adjusted annualized rate (SAAR) of sales growth. In 2012, the U.S. SAAR was approximately 14.4 million units compared to 12.7 million units
in 2011. In the first half of 2012, we achieved strong profit margins. In the second half of 2012, we experienced operational challenges and lower profitability, principally associated with an increased level of launch activity. We are taking necessary and aggressive actions to correct the performance issues that weighed on our results in the second half of 2012. As we move forward, we do so with
a more disciplined and forward-looking approach, reaffirming our commitment to delivering quality, technology leadership and operational excellence.
For the full year of 2012, AAM’s net income was $367.7 million, and reported earnings per share (EPS) were $4.87. Consistent profit performance over the past three years led to the reversal
of our valuation allowance against our net federal deferred tax assets for entities in the U.S., resulting in a $337.5 million benefit in our 2012 provision for income taxes.
In 2012, AAM also made excellent progress on critical balance sheet initiatives. We issued $550 million
of 6.625% Senior Unsecured Notes and increased our revolving credit facility by $116 million. With the proceeds of the offering, AAM was able to repurchase and redeem all of the 5.25% Senior Notes due in
AAM associate at AAM Changshu Manufacturing Facility, Changshu, China
2014 and increase
our pension funding
status to approximately
85%, while satisfying all
pension funding obligations
for the next three to five years. AAM
now has no significant funded debt maturities until 2017. We are pleased to have taken advantage of favorable market conditions to improve our near term free cash flow profile. Our core financial focus continues to be strengthening our balance sheet.
Diversification
A key strategic objective has been the diversification of our business while expanding and broadening
our relationship with GM. In addition to supporting GM’s North American light truck programs, AAM also supports a variety of GM’s passenger car and crossover vehicle programs. We are proud to be
a supplier of choice for their expanding product range. This year, we continued to successfully
grow our customer base while increasing AAM’s exposure to global growth markets with an innovative product portfolio supporting the passenger car, crossover vehicle and commercial vehicle segments.
               6

AAM associate on the rear axle assembly line at AAM Rayong Manufacturing Facility, Rayong, Thailand
 The key driver of this growth was the launch of new products with new customers in a number of emerging markets. Some of these launches include: rear drive modules for Mercedes-Benz in China; commercial vehicle axles for Daimler Truck in India; and transfer cases for Jaguar Land Rover in Europe. We are also very excited to announce new business wins that occurred at the end of 2012 with Ford, Honda and Nissan.
In 2012, we continued to expand our global footprint. In March, e-AAM Driveline Systems AB (e-AAM), located in Trollhättan, Sweden, became a wholly-owned subsidiary. In May, we opened the
second location of AccuGear, Inc., located in Silao, Guanajuato, Mexico; this facility is dedicated to the production of metal-formed products. In August, we opened the Chennai Manufacturing Facility located in southeastern India to support Daimler Truck.
Our global launches continued to ramp up in our Rayong Manufacturing Facility in Thailand with the ongoing launch of GM’s global mid-size light truck programs. We also had significant launch activity at our facilities located in Brazil and Mexico.
As a result of AAM’s commitment to develop innovative, advanced technology driveline products to meet the rapidly changing needs
 77
  
of the global automotive marketplace, we have secured a strong new business backlog for 2013- 2015. AAM’s $1.25 billion new and incremental business backlog for 2013–2015 reflects an increase of approximately 4% when compared to the previous three-year backlog for 2012–2014. This growth represents AAM’s successful efforts at diversifying into global markets, expanding our product portfolio and growing our customer base. Highlights of AAM’s new business backlog include:
• Industry-first order for AAM’s EcoTracTM disconnecting all-wheel-drive (AWD) system
• Significant progress on customer diversification initiatives
• Continued expansion of AAM’s product portfolio
• Increased exposure to global markets
We are excited about the growth and opportunity related to our diversification efforts.
A Year of Transition
2012 was also a year of leadership transition for AAM. David C. Dauch became President & Chief Executive Officer, and Richard E. Dauch moved into the role of Co-Founder & Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors.
In 2012, AAM announced two officer appointments. Terri M. Kemp was named Vice President-Human Resources and Michael J. Lynch was named Vice President-Finance & Controller. We also appointed David E. Barnes as General Counsel & Secretary, and Sidney del Gaudio as President, AAM South America.
AAM moves into the future with strong leaders at its helm and an unwavering commitment to build value for its stakeholders as we continue to deliver quality, technology and operational excellence to our customers around the world.
 AAM Chennai Manufacturing Facility, Chennai, India
 8
 
 Outlook for 2013
We expect our new business backlog will continue to drive our sales growth to exceed a 10% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) through 2015. This is approximately double the rate of growth expected for the industry,
which is expected to grow by 4%-5% based on current industry estimates.
We are excited for 2013 as AAM moves forward with a solid, cost competitive global manufacturing footprint with a goal of delivering improved profitability and free cash flow. AAM is energized for the major launches occurring in 2013, which include products supporting GM’s next-generation full-size pickup truck and SUV program, the Ram Heavy Duty pickup truck program, as well as a major passenger car and crossover vehicle program featuring AAM’s EcoTracTM disconnecting AWD system. AAM will continue
to focus on achieving our long-term goals of profitable growth, diversification, reducing our debt and building value for our key stakeholders. We will pursue our profitable growth and diversification efforts in conjunction with improving our balance sheet strength. We look to the future with confidence and a renewed commitment to achieving excellence in everything we do with a goal of taking AAM to the next level.
Thank you for your loyal and continued support of AAM. Sincerely,
  Richard E. Dauch
Co-Founder &
Executive Chairman of the Board
David C. Dauch
President &
Chief Executive Officer
 99
 