                                             2006
      Global Reports LLC
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  The year 2006 saw American Axle & Manufacturing (AAM) expand its global manufacturing footprint into the growing markets of China and Europe, enhance its facilities in Mexico and Brazil, gain business with new customers around the world and expand its product portfolio to meet the North American market shift to all-wheel-drive passenger cars and crossover vehicles.
AAM also made significant adjustments in North America to meet the unprecedented structural changes in the U.S. domestic automotive industry. These adjustments will have a lasting impact on the way AAM conducts its business for years to come.
MEETING THE CHALLENGE
The U.S. domestic automotive industry is undergoing a massive transformation driven by increased competition from both foreign automakers and auto component suppliers. The continued market share erosion of General Motors (GM), Ford Motor Company and DaimlerChrysler; lower production levels; changing product mix; reduced customer revenues; production overcapacity; workforce
underutilization; increased raw material prices; higher health-care costs and other cost drivers have all negatively impacted the U.S. domestic automotive industry.
To meet the challenges of this new global automotive marketplace, AAM took difficult, but necessary steps in 2006 to reduce our workforce and adjust our production capacity. During the year, AAM completed and signed a Supplemental New Hire Agreement with the UAW. This will significantly reduce AAM’s total labor cost for new hires. This agreement is essential in our efforts to restructure labor costs at AAM’s master agreement facilities. In addition, AAM implemented a Special Attrition Program (SAP) at AAM’s master agreement facilities to reduce our workforce by approximately 1,500 UAW represented associates. AAM also recorded a special charge primarily relating to supplemental unemployment benefits estimated to be payable to our UAW associates who are expected to be permanently idled through the end of the current collective bargaining agreement that expires in February 2008.
In 2006, AAM initiated additional restructuring actions to resize operations
in the U.S. These actions included salaried workforce reductions and the redeployment of machinery and equipment to support new programs. Other steps included plans to idle a portion of our U.S. production capacity dedicated to the mid-size light truck product range and other capacity reduction initiatives.
The cumulative effect of the changing market, and the adjustments we are continually making to return AAM to profitability, resulted in AAM reporting sales of $3.2 billion and our first-ever loss as a public company during 2006, all of this after 30 straight quarters
of profitability.
SOLID LAUNCH SUPPORT
The scale of our product launches during 2006 was massive, highlighted by the GMT 900 (GM’s full-size SUV and pickup truck program) and GM’s new six-speed, rear- wheel-drive transmission. Our customer accelerated these launches from one to as many as nine months in advance of the original launch date. In the face of a
 3
 
                                          substantially shortened time frame, AAM rose to the challenge to support these new aggressive launches. We have done this while maintaining our world-class quality performance, on-time delivery and fully meeting the requirements of our customer as we hone the efficiency of our operations.
The GMT 900 is considered to be the world’s largest vehicle program, consisting of 15 different model variations launching over16 months. AAM is the exclusive driveline supplier for this program and nearly every one of our manufacturing facilities is involved in this critical program.
The launch of the GMT 900 SUV platform was completed in March 2006. Production of GM’s all-new, award winning GMT 900 full- size pickup truck began in October
2006 at GM’s Oshawa facility in Ontario, Canada. We expect to complete this launch by the end of the first quarter in 2007.
The multi-phased launch of precision-machined shafts and clutch hubs for GM’s all-new, six- speed, rear-wheel-drive transmission occurred at our Colfor Manufacturing operations in Minerva, Malvern and Salem, Ohio, and Tonawanda Forge facility in New York. AAM’s Colfor operations in Minerva underwent an extensive expansion to accommodate this advanced transmission program.
Other key product programs launched in 2006 included:
• Front axles, rear axles and driveshafts to
support the Chrysler Group’s new DC Cab Chassis program at AAM’s Guanajuato Gear & Axle facility in Mexico.
• Integrated oil pan (IOP) front axles for SsangYong Motor Company’s Kyron and Rexton vehicles in South Korea at Detroit Gear & Axle.
• The first high volume application of AAM’s SmartBarTM electronic stabilizer bar system for the 2007 Jeep® Wrangler Rubicon at Guanajuato Gear & Axle.
• Machined wheel hubs, axle shafts and transmission components for Hino, Jatco and Koyo at AAM’s Detroit Gear & Axle and MSP Industries facilities in Michigan and Tonawanda Forge and Cheektowaga Machining operations in New York.
GLOBAL STRATEGY FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
During 2006, we had groundbreaking achievements in Asia and Europe as well as facility expansions in North America and South America. We also continued to invest in the enhancement of existing driveline technologies, while developing new products to support industry
growth segments.
Our operations in Mexico and Brazil are also making excellent strides in expanding their capabilities and increasing their business base. Our Guanajuato Gear & Axle facility in Mexico has undergone a significant 200,000 square-foot expansion and is now the second largest operation within AAM. At AAM do Brasil, we installed gear manufacturing capacity. This is the first step in converting this operation into a full driveline and gear manufacturing facility
by 2009.
Expanding Global Technical Capability Our world-class Technical Center in Rochester Hills, Michigan, continues to provide our customers with full- service driveline and drivetrain engineering and applied design, testing and validation services. The center’s work is supplemented by eight other engineering centers and offices throughout the world. This allows AAM to participate in the market shift toward sophisticated integrated electronics for both driveline and drivetrain systems on a global basis.
In Europe, AAM has relocated and expanded our European office to Bad Homburg, Germany, just outside of Frankfurt. This new engineering center provides product development, prototyping and testing to support our growing relationship with new European customers. Coupled with the expansion of our engineering and business office in Puné, India and our facilities in Seoul, South Korea; Shanghai, China; and Tokyo, Japan, AAM now
has 24-hour-a-day engineering capability. Through these centers and other
engineering centers around the world, we are able to provide rapid and enhanced support to our diverse customer base in their home markets.
In March 2006, we broke ground for a new regional
Growing Global Presence
manufacturing facility in Changshu, China. This facility will produce our latest product technologies, including independent rear drive axles, power transfer units, IOP front axle modules and driveshafts for customers such as SsangYong Motors, Beijing Benz DaimlerChrysler and GM. In order to meet customer launch requirements, this facility went from groundbreaking to production in less than eight months!
We expanded AAM’s presence in Europe by opening a new regional manufacturing facility in Olawa, Poland. This new facility will provide AAM geographic access to vehicle manufacturers throughout Europe. Production of AAM’s TracRite® center differentials for transmissions for Audi AG will begin in the second quarter of 2007 at this facility.
 Global Reports LLC

                                          Accelerating Product Development
Innovation and technology continue to be the cornerstones of AAM’s future. This includes an emphasis on electronics integration of driveline products for all- wheel-drive applications, which includes light trucks, passenger cars, crossover vehicles, an evolving transfer case portfolio and electronic differentials on axles and transmission components.
AAM’s product development activities
have been targeted at the continued global growth of four-wheel-drive and all-wheel- drive systems. We believe the shift in the marketplace to all-wheel-drive passenger cars and crossover vehicles will prove to be a positive trend and business opportunity for AAM. It plays to our strength in developing precision engineered, advanced technology
driveline and drivetrain products and systems for integration and packageability into various vehicle platforms. Our latest all-wheel-drive system product line will allow us to continue to penetrate these growing markets.
AAM continues to design, engineer and manufacture advanced driveline and drivetrain products and systems for drivable, prototype showcase vehicles. These vehicles allow us to demonstrate AAM’s capabilities and unique ideas to prospective customers during focused technical reviews with OEMs throughout the world. As a result of these demonstrations, we have been awarded new driveline system programs for global rear-wheel-drive passenger cars and all-wheel-drive crossover vehicles. These programs provide the catalyst for growth of AAM’s business in Europe, Asia and South America as well as in North America.
AAM continues to provide creative and innovative design solutions for unique customer applications. We are proud of
our ability to launch these new programs often within a highly compressed time frame. The engineering skills, supplier sourcing capabilities and manufacturing operations expertise of our team differentiates AAM from the competition and demonstrates
our ability to meet and exceed our customers’ expectations.
OUR DRIVE TO SUCCEED
The strong global automotive experience
of our leadership team has allowed AAM to remain focused on the factors we can control and the strengths that have built our successful business during the last 13 years. We are proactively making the difficult decisions and providing the direction for a return to profitable growth at AAM. We are focused on ensuring AAM remains a viable and sustainable global enterprise for the future as we develop and expand our global footprint.
We expect 2007 to be a transition year at AAM. This will be a year in which we will restructure, resize and recover. To build on the progress AAM made in 2006, we are focused on five major initiatives:
• Continue to rationalize our U.S. production capacity in both the Metal Formed Products and Driveline Divisions;
• Continue to transition our workforce to a lower cost structure;
• Further expand our global footprint;
• Broaden our product portfolio; and
• Continue to diversify our customer base
and served markets.
AAM has a clear, laser-focused vision and strategic business plan, with the appropriate products that are needed to serve expanded
global markets. It is part of the AAM culture to do it right the first time and do it faster, more efficiently and effectively than our competitors.
I want to thank each and every one of you for your support and confidence in AAM during what has been a most difficult and transitional year. The efforts of our management team and extended workforce are directed at enhancing shareholder value while meeting customer and marketplace requirements.
I have an immense commitment to AAM. My conviction is that we are moving in the right direction, and at the right pace, from a strategic and business viewpoint. In my travels throughout the world on behalf of AAM, I am continually impressed by the dedication and efforts of our men and women toward one goal – making certain that AAM remains one of the top automotive suppliers in the world.
AAM is focused on profitably Growing a Global Company. We are expanding globally to reach new markets, customers, and sources of revenue. We have a solid balance sheet and strong liquidity position
to support AAM’s future profitable growth. We have the right global elements in place – from our people to our facilities, products, processes and systems technology to our global suppliers – to succeed in a marketplace that places new and compressed demands on our ingenuity, innovation and resourcefulness each and every workday.
Richard E. Dauch
Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 Global Reports LLC
 5
 