 David C. Dauch Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
  2018 WAS A PIVOTAL YEAR FOR AAM.
We celebrated our first full year as a larger, more diverse global company. We launched several new innovative products and expanded our global growth and diversification efforts. Most importantly, we continued to prepare AAM for the future with the development of advanced technologies focused on market trends that will help our customers address the needs of the rapidly changing global automotive landscape.
  1

 In 2018, we completed 54 product and program launches. Some notable launches include the following:
•
•
In North America, we initiated launch
activities for our largest vehicle program – driveline systems for GM’s full-size
pickup trucks.
We increased the global presence of our EcoTrac® products as we launched our power transfer units on the Cadillac XT4, Ford Edge and Lincoln Nautilus.
• In Europe, we launched our first electric driveline system on the Jaguar I-PACE crossover.
• Finally, we expanded our launch of key powertrain components and subassemblies for multi-speed transmissions and downsized engines
– which continue to benefit from fuel efficiency-related trends.
2
 
 54
KEY PROGRAM LAUNCHES
14
CUSTOMER QUALITY AWARDS
   At year-end, we reached $7.27 billion
in sales on strength in our core markets and
product segments. Our gross profit was $1.14 billion
and we generated $771.5 million of cash from operations – all representing annual records for AAM.
        $3.95
$7.27
$6.27
$1,140.4
$1,119.1
$726.1
$771.5
$647.0
$407.6
2017 2018 2016
Sales (in billions)
2017 2018 Gross Profit (in millions)
2018
2017
2016
2016
Cash from Operations (in millions)
  3
2019 Chevrolet Silverado Photo courtesy of General Motors
  
 AAM’s EcoTrac® Gen II Rear Drive Module
 In addition to our financial success, we achieved many other milestones in 2018. As a result of our recent strategic actions, which added significant size and scale, AAM was recognized as a Fortune 500 company. Important integration and synergy attainment targets were achieved. We continued to be recognized by our customers for outstanding quality and customer service, highlighted by receiving the GM Supplier of the Year award for the second consecutive year. Furthermore, AAM forged additional partnerships aimed at diversification and growth, including entering into a joint venture with Liuzhou Wuling to provide traditional and electric driveline solutions in China.
AAM also made significant strides in important environmental, social and governance areas in 2018. We expanded our Board of Directors with two new appointments – enhancing the experience, leadership and diversity of our board. AAM further strengthened the bond with our surrounding communities through both associate volunteering and financial support. Additionally, we continued to work within our operations to reduce our carbon footprint and impact on the environment.
    4

 POWERING
EFFICIENCY
For AAM, the heart and soul of our future is our advanced technology. Our future is focused on products that deliver and generate power in the most efficient way.
When it was launched, AAM’s EcoTrac was the industry’s first disconnecting all-wheel drive (AWD) system. Originally featured on the Jeep Cherokee, the EcoTrac system enables the performance and safety of an AWD vehicle with the fuel economy of a front-wheel drive vehicle. AAM’s family of EcoTrac Disconnecting AWD solutions includes disconnecting power transfer units, multi-piece driveshafts, rear drive modules with electronic control units and torque transfer devices.
When we initially launched EcoTrac in 2013, it eliminated about 80 percent of system drag compared to a traditional AWD system. Since then, our engineers have made enhancements to continue to make this groundbreaking system even more efficient. Our second-generation system, which we launched in 2018, eliminates approximately 90 percent of the parasitic losses.
During 2018, we secured our fifth new business award for our EcoTrac technology. We expect that our EcoTrac business will generate upwards of $800 million of revenue by 2020, and we continue to work with customers for additional applications to drive profitable growth.
 5

 AAM Dampers
 6
AAM is also taking advantage of the current powertrain trends towards multi-speed transmissions and downsized engines in order to improve fuel efficiency. OEM customers have been shifting to 8-, 9- and 10-speed transmissions over recent years. This shift has increased the demand for
AAM’s transmission components and subassemblies. In addition, the trend towards downsizing engines is driving additional demand for our vibration control
systems – including viscous and rubber dampers,
isolation pulleys, balance shaft modules and damped gears. Our vibration control solutions are specifically designed for smaller displacement engines, stop/
start applications and mild and plug-in hybrid vehicles. These two key powertrain trends provide the opportunity
to significantly increase our content-per-vehicle.
POWER TO IMPROVE
 We also expanded development of our QUANTUMTM driveline technology. QUANTUM was born out of our revolutionary mission to yield significant gains in efficiency, performance and packaging – all while reducing system weight.
After several years of benchmarking traditional and non-traditional products, devoting significant development resources, running arduous hardware tests and securing more than a dozen patents, AAM engineers redesigned virtually every component of the traditional axle.
QUANTUM provides substantial advantages through reduced mass, increased power density, improved noise vibration and harshness (NVH) and efficiency gains. QUANTUM does all this in a more compact system package.
AAM’s QUANTUM Electronic Limited Slip Differential Rear Drive Module

 AAM’s QUANTUM uses traditional axle components in new ways. Bearings are arranged more efficiently and gears are set in optimal positions. AAM’s engineers utilized system innovation to eliminate weight by combining functions of many components and developing proprietary lubricants that increase system efficiency and durability. In a traditional axle, shims are used to ensure an axle’s hypoid gears are installed precisely for optimum durability and NVH. Because of QUANTUM’s smart design, engineers were able to eliminate the need for shims while still providing up to a 5 dB improvement in NVH performance.
Scalable across vehicle segments, QUANTUM can be adapted for use on virtually any size vehicle. AAM initially designed a QUANTUM lightweight beam axle for rear-wheel drive (RWD) vehicles such as pickup trucks but has expanded QUANTUM technology to include RWD and AWD passenger vehicles, crossovers and SUVs. Our QUANTUM products are up to 35 percent lighter and offer up to 20 percent more efficiency compared to today’s traditional axle.
AAM was recognized with the inaugural Future of Lightweighting Altair Enlighten Award in 2018.
  During 2018, AAM was recognized with two significant awards for QUANTUM: the inaugural Future of Lightweighting Altair Enlighten Award and the Society of Automotive Analysts’ Lightweighting Award. Both of these awards honor innovative technologies that have the potential to support significant lightweighting
initiatives and applications.
We continue to collaborate with customers on future QUANTUM projects and we are excited about where this new technology can take the industry.
 7

POWER
OF THE FUTURE
Automakers continue to look for ways to meet increasing global emissions regulations and consumer demand for more fuel-efficient vehicles with both hybrid and fully electric powertrain architectures. AAM’s innovative product portfolio offers solutions to our customers regardless of the propulsion method they select for their future vehicles.
In 2018, we launched into production our first e-AAMTM system for the battery-electric (BEV) Jaguar I-PACE crossover vehicle. AAM supplies both front and rear electric drive units delivering a total of 400 hp. and 516 lb. ft. of torque through a high-performance electric all-wheel-drive system. Independent media reviews reported that AAM’s system provides quick acceleration and helps set a new standard for luxury electric vehicles.
AAM’s second e-AAM new business award will enter production in 2020 with a customer on a rear- wheel-drive, high-performance vehicle in Europe. For this program, our customer wanted to improve the performance of the passenger car without having to boost the engine or upgrade the transmission. We accomplished this by integrating a 160 kilowatt e-machine into the rear axle. The combination of power from both the traditional combustion engine and the electric rear drive unit adds significant torque and 200 additional horsepower to this vehicle.
We’ve also developed a two-speed transmission to propel the vehicle not only from start but also at extremely high speeds. With an integrated electronic limited slip differential, this e-AAM product will be one of the most sophisticated electric drive
systems on the market.
 8
e-AAM Electric Rear Drive Unit
 
 AAM Jaguar I-PACE Fleet Vehicle
In total, we expect our current e-AAM booked business to drive between $100 to $200 million in annual revenue by 2021 and more than $1 billion of revenue through the lifetime of these programs. But we are just getting started. Our e-AAM product portfolio offers a variety of different solutions depending on customer requirements – from value-based products that are perfect for customers who are focused on minimizing the cost of the electric powertrain to luxury-based, high-performance systems that emphasize vehicle handling, safety, system integration and advanced features such as torque vectoring. A substantial portion of our current quoted and emerging new business opportunities relate to our e-AAM products across Asia, Europe and North America.
Even as we are just completing our first launch of our e-AAM products, our advanced engineering team is not sitting still. We are also developing and testing an e-AAM solution for light truck applications. We are working on our next-generation technology that looks to further integrate power electronics, lightweighting and power density improvement initiatives into our e-Drive units. We believe the evolution of the powertrain from traditional internal combustion engines to hybrid and full battery electric vehicles will be a long and eventful journey. AAM looks forward to playing a major role in the design, development and manufacturing of components, subassemblies and full propulsion systems well into the future.
9
 
                                                            10
This year marks AAM’s 25th anniversary as a stand-alone enterprise. We have come a long way since March 1, 1994. The industry has transformed in those 25 years – and we continue to look for opportunities to proactively evolve and adapt in order to be successful in this ever-changing environment.
2019 looks to be another strong production environment in North America and across the globe. AAM has another 50 product and program launches in 2019, many of which occur in the first half of the year. We also expect to finalize our integration activities, including the streamlining of our business by consolidating four business units into three. By realigning our Powertrain operations into our Driveline and Metal Forming business units, we will align our product and process technologies, achieve efficiencies within our corporate and business unit support teams to reduce cost in our business and enhance our ability to adapt to constantly changing market conditions.

  POWERING
FORWARD
In the longer term, we are confident we can achieve our strategic goals and objectives for the business and drive shareholder value. We will further diversify the company from a product, customer and geographic perspective. We look forward to benefiting from the hybridization and electrification trends taking place in the industry while also strengthening our global sustainability program. And we expect to generate significant cash flow to support further growth and a stronger financial profile.
AAM’s future continues to look bright. We are on the right vehicles in the right markets. Our future growth is in new segments and will center on system integration and advanced technology. AAM’s commitment to our core principles of operational excellence, technology leadership and world-class quality are as strong as ever. I’m excited about our future and I hope you are too.
As always, I thank you for your continued support of AAM.
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 11
 