 07
LETTER
to Our Stockholders
      The year 2007 was a transformational year for American Axle & Manufacturing (AAM). Our company made significant advances in customer diversity, geographic diversity, product portfolio expansion and served market growth
as we improved our balance sheet.
We expanded our role as a global player as we continued to resize, restructure and recover from the
rapid and unprecedented structural transformation of the U.S. domestic automotive industry.
AAM returned to profitability in
2007, demonstrating our company’s ability to turn adversity into opportunity. In the midst of this transformation, restructuring and ongoing globalization, we delivered profitable global growth and long-term value to our customers, shareholders and stakeholders. We
are focused on our long-term strategic goals and our commitment to
achieving sustainable global market cost competitiveness and
adequate profitability.
The Changing Global Automotive Industry
The global automotive industry today is healthy and growing, but
it is also structurally changing, with approximately 95% of all automotive industry growth occurring outside of the U.S.
The U.S. domestic automotive industry continues to be challenged by customer demand for global market pricing, ongoing escalation of the domestic cost structure and intense competition from offshore and transplant OEMs and OE suppliers. Underutilization of industry capacity, existing manpower and other factors made 2007 a year of labor transformation, as highlighted by the Detroit Three’s unprecedented and historic agreements with the UAW.
Financial Recovery in Challenging Times
AAM’s continued emphasis on productivity gains, process efficiencies
and structural cost reductions enabled us to meet our financial recovery objectives in 2007. We reported net sales of $3.25 billion and generated approximately $150 million of positive free cash flow. As a result, we reduced net debt levels, strengthened
our balance sheet and enhanced shareholder value.
Our solid cash flow helps support R&D expenditures needed to stay competitive and maintain leadership in our
product lines.
Other financial results for 2007 included: • Profitable results with net earnings of
$37.0 million
• Diluted earnings per share of $0.70 • Net debt to capital ratio of 36.6%
Restructuring and Resizing Yield Results
To meet the realities of the demanding global automotive market, AAM continued the efforts that it began in 2006 to restructure,
resize and recover.
A series of Supplemental New Hire Agreements and attrition programs helped us transition a portion of our workforce to a more competitive cost structure and resulted in structural cost reductions exceeding $100 million annually. On January 11, 2007, we announced that approximately 1,500 associates had agreed to participate in AAM's special attrition program (SAP) offered to all UAW associates at our master agreement facilities.
Also during 2007, approximately 100 associates elected to participate in the voluntary separation incentive program (VSIP) offered to the IAM (International Association of Machinists). In addition, AAM eliminated approximately 300 U.S. salary positions through a salaried
retirement incentive program (SRIP), a salaried reduction in force program
(SRIF) and normal attrition.
On December 12, 2007, we began
labor negotiations with the UAW on a collective bargaining agreement covering AAM’s original master agreement facilities. The goal of these ongoing negotiations is to achieve market cost competitiveness and operational flexibility at all locations.
On December 23, 2007, we idled production at our Buffalo Gear, Axle & Linkage facility. This was the result of decreased U.S. mid-size light truck production and diminishing future orders. On January 17, 2008, AAM announced that 558 UAW represented associates agreed to participate in AAM’s Buffalo Separation
Program (BSP).
We also continued our efforts to
rationalize our installed capacity and redistribute manpower at our global manufacturing plants and other operational locations. These efforts included redeploying machinery and equipment to support adjusted capacity needs, and consolidating our Detroit site operations.
A Strong New Business Backlog
AAM’s continued emphasis on product innovation, superior engineering and design, world-class quality and warranty performance, as well as flawless launch performance is attracting significant additional business from new customers resulting in the expansion of our global market.
In 2007, AAM’s new and incremental business backlog increased by 50%— from about $800 million to an estimated $1.3 billion for the years 2008 through 2012. Approximately 60% of this business launches in the 2008, 2009 and 2010 calendar years. The remainder will launch in 2011 and 2012.
 2
 
 Richard E. Dauch Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 3
 AAM recognized early on the potential for growth in the all-wheel- drive (AWD) segment of the market. With supporting purchase orders, the company has moved quickly from development to production with products such as multi-piece driveshafts and independent rear drive axles (IRDAs). Approximately half of our new and incremental business backlog supports rear-wheel-drive (RWD) and AWD passenger car and crossover utility vehicle (CUV) applications. This backlog includes 10 AWD/RWD programs with four customers in North America, South America, Asia, Europe and Australia.
The new business includes first-time awards from Volkswagen AG to supply the rear driveline system for a global light vehicle program launching in 2009. We also earned important new business from Chery Automobile Co., Ltd., a Chinese OEM, to produce rear-drive modules (RDMs) for a 2010 model-year CUV. In addition, AAM has earned an order from Mahindra International Limited (MIL) to provide driving heads in India for a commercial vehicle program. MIL is a joint venture involving
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited from India and International Truck & Engine Corporation (ITEC) from the U.S.
Beginning in 2008, light vehicle axles for Tata Motors will be produced at the AAM Sona Axle facility located in Pantnagar, India.
In 2007, we secured the successor business for GM’s next generation full- size pick-up and SUV programs. Sales of driveline components relating to GM’s full-size-pick-ups and SUVs represent more than half of AAM’s annual sales.
Launching AAM Products Around the World
AAM product launches in 2007 reflected our growing product, customer and geographic diversification:
• We successfully completed the launch of GM’s full-size pick-up truck platform—with the same flawless, world-class quality, performance and on-time delivery as the SUV portion of the platform, completed in 2006.
• Our Changshu, China facility successfully launched production of rear-drive modules for the Beijing Benz DaimlerChrysler (BBDC) 300C sedan and the SsangYong Motors Chairman sedan to be produced in Seoul, South Korea.
• Our Guanajuato, Mexico facility successfully completed the launch
of the first high-volume application of AAM's patented, electronically- controlled SmartBarTM stabilizer system for the 2007 Jeep® Wrangler Rubicon.
• We ramped up the volume for production of metal-formed products to support Nissan and Toyota products through AAM customers Hino, Jatco and Koyo.
A Growing Global Presence
Becoming a selectively global Tier One automotive supplier has been a key AAM initiative since 1994. Since then, we have grown from our five original North American manufacturing facilities to 29 locations across four continents.
AAM currently has multiple facilities undergoing construction, expansion or renovation globally, including:
Oxford Forge Inc. in Oxford, Michigan, which became the newest addition to our Metal Formed Products Division (MFPD), and will be launching ring gear and axle shaft production in early 2008.
AAM de Mexico which saw its seventh expansion in six years, as it moves closer to becoming AAM’s largest operating subsidiary with sales expected to hit
$1 billion in 2008.
  
  AAM Products for All-Wheel-Drive Passenger Cars and Crossover Vehicles
Innovative Products for the World Market
As we compete on an increasingly global playing field, AAM continues
the critical design, expansion and modernization of our product portfolio. Our focus is on vehicle safety, performance, fuel economy and energy efficiency through improvements in mass reduction, packaging and continued durability, quality and reliability (DQR).
Our new line of AWD systems is designed to meet shifting consumer buying habits. We have secured purchase orders for AAM power transfer units (PTUs), IRDAs, torque transfer devices (TTDs), transfer cases and other products that will fit into a multiplicity of crossover and multi-activity-type vehicles.
We continue to integrate electronics into our product offerings, such as our TracRite® differentials, transfer cases and TTDs.
As we position AAM for sustainable and profitable growth in the AWD market, we continue to offer technological innovations—such as steerable, independent rear suspension modules—for full-size SUV and light truck segments.
AAM is also currently developing high- efficiency axle technology for several awarded programs. The focus is on improving vehicle fuel economy through reduced friction and more efficient power transfer. We are targeting pick-up truck, SUV, CUV and passenger car markets for the use of AAM’s new high-efficiency independent rear-drive and beam
axle applications.
AAM continues to explore hybrid
electric vehicle technologies, utilizing an electric all-wheel-drive (eAWD) system for checking vehicle dynamics capabilities.
Operational Excellence
AAM has achieved world-class Six Sigma quality on a global scale for multiple months. Six Sigma represents exceptional quality achieved through the elimination of defects by systematically improving processes, and through the contributions of our workforce. We continue to meet AAM’s standard of excellence in our warranty and productivity performance.
We continue to standardize AAM best practices and introduce them into our
AAM do Brasil which introduced gear manufacturing, to be followed by full axle assembly in preparation for becoming a full driveline and drivetrain manufacturing facility by 2010.
Changshu Manufacturing which is adding gear manufacturing in 2008 as it moves toward becoming a full-fledged axle facility. Also, a new assembly line is being installed to accommodate the production of RDMs for Chery Automobile Co.
AAM Sona Axle Private Limited which was formed as a joint venture with Sona Koyo Steering Systems Limited. This new company, headquartered in Pune, India, will manufacture and sell light truck, passenger car and SUV axle assemblies for the India market. Its new greenfield manufacturing facility in Pantnagar, India is expected to launch in 2008 with the production of light vehicle axles for
Tata Motors.
AAM Future Expansions — Plans for 2008 include the construction of a new AAM facility in southwestern India. This facility will launch in 2009 and focus on commercial axle production. MIL will be AAM’s first customer in this facility. In addition, AAM will construct a new regional manufacturing facility in Rayong, Thailand to support a major global OEM beginning in the 2010 model year.
24-hour Engineering Provides Global Customer Support
A competitive advantage for AAM as we expand our global footprint is the ability to provide our customers with critical engineering and technical support, wherever they are located throughout the world—7 days a week, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
We have grown from our first Technical Center in Rochester Hills, Michigan in 1995 to 10 engineering centers and offices in nine countries. Our global engineering staff includes more than 800 engineers. These centers support the core capabilities of our Rochester Hills Technical Center, which include design, development, validation, materials and vehicle NVH (noise, vibration and harshness) analysis and road load simulation.
In 2007, we added staff at our Pune, India business office to strengthen our sales, engineering and sourcing presence in the region. We also opened a new technical office staffed with AAM engineers in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Through ongoing investment and expansion, such as new all-wheel-drive dynamometers at our Rochester Hills Technical Center, AAM technology continues to meet and exceed global requirements for durability, quality, reliability and NVH.
 4

    new regional manufacturing and engineering facilities throughout the world. Implementing “lean” initiatives and improving productivity continued to be vital priorities in 2007. We expanded the use of timed delivery/pickup schedules, called tugger systems, to more quickly and efficiently bring materials from supplier to operators’ fingertips. This program also greatly enhanced workplace ergonomics. Other lean activities in use at our state-of-the- art AAM facilities around the world include integrated pull systems, value stream mapping and highly flexible manufacturing processes.
Our purchasing and supplier development activities are becoming increasingly global. We are exploring new ways to procure materials cost effectively while ensuring continuity of high quality supply. AAM utilizes a total landed cost approach to ensure that quality, cost and logistics are taken into account in selecting our global supply chain partners.
The Right Team with the Right Plan
AAM is evolving daily on a global basis. With a strong leadership team
and a highly skilled workforce, we are taking advantage of new opportunities and getting the job done with positive results. Our approach to globalization combines a firm proactive strategy for profitable growth with flexibility in our human resources, operations, make/buy decisions and our overall business thinking. We are changing the way we conduct our business as we continue to focus on serving our customers and maintaining our market competitiveness. At the same time, our commitment remains as intense as ever to deliver operational and financial performance and value to the global automotive industry and our shareholders.
New Opportunities
Will Take Us into the Future
AAM has the leadership team, financial strength, engineering capabilities, innovative products and global manufacturing footprint for continued profitable global growth and diversification in 2008 and beyond. We will continue to precisely execute our game plan on a global basis, leveraging our world-wide capability and capacity. We will keep an eye on strategic opportunities for joint ventures,
acquisitions, additional customers and expanded market presence.
The recent automotive industry restructuring and globalization offer significant opportunities—and challenges—for our company. As we face the realities of a continually and structurally changing global automotive industry, we do so as a more mobile, agile, versatile and competitive American Axle & Manufacturing.
I would like to thank all AAM shareholders for their vital ongoing support and confidence as we go through this critical period of transitioning AAM to a truly global company.
I am also extremely proud of our accomplished and committed leadership, governance and workforce. They understand the importance of global change as a reality. They lead it, live it and thrive on it.
Richard E. Dauch
Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
  5
  North America
Colfor Manufacturing
Poland
China
Changshu Manufacturing Facility
     Olawa Manufacturing Facility
                                                                           2008 Chevrolet Tahoe Hybrid
2008 Audi A5 2008 Beijing-Benz DaimlerChrysler (BBDC) 300C
 