2
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
David C. Dauch
 2016
ANNUAL
REPORT
   
 3
3
AAM had an outstanding year in 2016. The year brought record sales and profit, operational excellence, technology advancement and strategic initiatives that will help position AAM to meet future customer and market demands with a continued focus on developing products that are efficient, safe, and smart mobility solutions.

4
POWERING outstanding financial performance
AAM achieved another year of record sales and profit in 2016. Fueled by strong production volumes in North American and Asian markets and laser- sharp performance in our global manufacturing operations, AAM had full-year sales approaching $4 billion. Our compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the years between 2013 and 2016 significantly exceeded the U.S. SAAR growth for the same period. We generated $726 million in gross profit, $408 million of cash from operations and strong earnings per share results of $3.06, demonstrating our ability, once again, to meet and exceed financial targets.
During the year, our team diligently worked to continue to diversify our revenue base and improve our capital structure. Business diversification, fueled by growth in key global vehicle segments such as crossover vehicles, has contributed to record profitability and strong operating cash flow generation. By meaningfully strengthening our balance sheet and reducing debt leverage, we have positioned AAM for both organic growth initiatives and strategic opportunities.
 $3.95 $3.90
$3.70
   2014
$522.8
2014
$318.4
2015 2016
$726.1 $635.4
      2015 2016
$407.6 $377.6
     2014
2015 2016
 Cash from Operations (in millions) Gross Profit (in millions) Sales (in billions)

POWERING growth
We continue to plan and implement strategies that will help us sustain and grow our financial, operational and technological performance. Our strategic roadmap – which we refer to as AAM2020 – lays the foundation for our organic and strategic growth as a company. This plan calls for AAM to significantly grow in size, scale and served markets.
Organically, AAM continues to win new business with new global customers in growing vehicle segments. AAM’s new and incremental backlog for 2017-2019 is approximately $875 million with nearly 80 percent of the new business in crossover vehicles and passenger car segments. Furthermore, our new business wins continue to drive customer diversification and expansion in Europe and Asia.
In November, we announced our plan to acquire Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. (MPG). This acquisition brings together two complementary Tier-1 organizations to create a premier global leader of driveline, drivetrain, powertrain, and metal formed components and modules. Once the transaction closes, the acquisition of MPG will be a major strategic step toward the vision of AAM2020. This significant action, coupled with our
blueprint to grow within our current served market and product portfolio, will support our long-term global growth strategy for AAM and provide value for our key stakeholders.
But we aren’t just growing bigger, we are growing better. We are realigning our business plan with our strategic plan and our technology roadmap. We are building standardization across our business and regions by leveraging the AAM Operating System along with our culture, our associates, our processes and our brand.
AAM-MPG Facts $7B
Presence in
                                                            25K
25,000 Associates
Diversification
• Customer Base • Product Portfolio • Global Markets
    55

Delivering POWER
The auto industry has seen dramatic changes in the last few years. The megatrends of mobility, autonomous driving, connected cars, electric and hybrid vehicles, higher transmission speeds, downsized engines and lightweighting are driving future product development at both our customers and within AAM. AAM is acutely focused on growing our position as a technology leader and during 2016 we worked diligently to further that goal.
This year, we tested and demonstrated AAM’s newest lightweight axle technology — QUANTUMTM — in multiple vehicle applications and locations. QUANTUM is at the forefront of axle technology for improved efficiency, mass reduction and vehicle performance. It is up to 35 percent lighter than a traditional axle and has increased vehicle capacity while being
             6
scalable across multiple applications. We expect this technology to lead us into the next generation of traditional, mechanical propulsion systems. QUANTUM is lighter, stronger and smarter and will help automakers meet more stringent government regulations without compromising performance.
LIGHTWEIGHT AXLE TECHNOLOGY BY
 
 EcoTrac® remains the go-to technology for customers looking for the performance of an all-wheel-drive (AWD) vehicle with the fuel economy of a FWD vehicle. EcoTrac allows the vehicle to use its primary drive system – the front wheels – when AWD is not needed. Our system uses sensors to detect hazardous driving conditions and engages AWD capabilities in a smooth and seamless manner to the driver. Engineered to automatically sense torque, EcoTrac varies the amount of power delivered to the wheels to best maintain traction, while optimizing efficiency. Our EcoTrac technology significantly reduces fuel consumption and emissions when compared to traditional AWD systems. Our Gen II EcoTrac design, which reduces the parasitic vehicle loss associated with traditional AWD systems by up to 90 percent, will launch on global vehicle applications in 2018. By the end of 2019, we expect EcoTrac to represent approximately $700 million of revenue for AAM in multiple global markets.
                                                                                                            7
7

 Our e-AAMTM Hybrid and Electric Driveline Systems are at the forefront of the global trend of electrification by delivering increased fuel efficiency, decreased tail pipe emissions and improvements in dynamic safety, acceleration, and eAWD traction. In addition, when equipped with AAM’s eTorque Vectoring solution, a modular system that can provide up to 1200 Nm differential torque across the full vehicle speed range, customers are able to experience AAM’s “true torque vectoring” at all vehicle speeds, offering a competitive systems advantage. The industry will continue to move toward e-drive technologies and AAM’s solution provides efficient power and improved vehicle performance and safety.
AAM’s EcoTrac and e-AAM systems are just AAM’s first steps in our work to apply active intelligence to our portfolio of products. As the automotive industry continues to move toward connected vehicles and advanced mobility, AAM will be ready with smarter, active technologies that help keep drivers safe, improve vehicle performance and efficiency while maintaining our outstanding focus on quality and durability. We won’t just be delivering POWER ... we will be delivering SMART POWER.
                                       8
8

 Enabling POWER
In order to maintain our competitive advantage, we have continued to strengthen our
R&D capabilities with investments in our global technical facilities.
AAM’s Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC) is now complete and fully operational. The ATDC is the nucleus of AAM expertise, research, collaboration and innovation. Our teams are under one roof working to seamlessly integrate all of our functions – common data, common feedback, quick learning and quick application of action are all a reality. The ATDC is the epicenter for creativity, innovation, and advanced analytics and is the focal point of AAM’s development of future process, product, and system technology.
Working in tandem with the ATDC, AAM’s Rochester Hills Technical Center (RHTC) continues to evolve as a testing and validation facility. We are expanding and enhancing AAM’s diagnostic and hardware assessment capabilities to allow for more extensive product benchmarking and prototype testing. The RHTC is home to the noise, vibration and harshness (NVH) team and AAM’s materials lab, which have been instrumental in developing new and advanced technologies focused on lightweighting, efficiency, and vehicle performance.
Work continues on our all-new Mechatronics Technical Center, which is located adjacent to the RHTC. This facility will be integral to expanding our work with connected vehicle technology, embedded software, vehicle dynamics, actuator development and electronically controlled components. This is a critical area for AAM’s future product growth in the areas of integration and communication between our products and other vehicle systems.
Additionally, we are expanding global technical capabilities at our Trollhättan Technical Center in Sweden. This important facility is our hybrid and electric driveline center of excellence and is integral to assisting our customers in meeting stringent fuel efficiency and CO2 requirements.
    99

  POWER to achieve excellence
The key to AAM’s ability to deliver results for customers is our commitment to achieving Operational Excellence. This means we are operating safely, training our associates successfully and running our business efficiently with a standardized approach. The AAM Operating System is the foundation for our success and is integral to delivering operational excellence daily and in all of our facilities. This focus, which includes consistent practices, integrated information technology systems and proactive data analysis, will continue to ensure AAM is leading with improved customer satisfaction, lean production and efficient cost management.
Through our global Learning Line implementation activities, we are strengthening our understanding of Lean Principles and Kaizen basics, expanding our problem- solving capabilities and our standard AAM Systems, resulting in highly engaged teams focused on driving performance improvement.
         • Standard Operating Metrics
• Best Practices & Continuous Improvement
• Team Level Problem Solving
• Customer Satisfaction Focus
• Active Coaching & Development
• Associate Engagement & Empowerment
 1
10
0

 AAM’s unwavering commitment to quality remains unchanged and is the heart of our Q4 (Q-to-the-fourth) quality assurance program. Q4 ensures that AAM’s products are reliable, durable and high-quality, thanks to our diligent attention to standardized processes and production excellence at all of our global facilities. We’ve made tremendous progress with the Q4 system and continue to build upon our world-class quality with our customers.
Our most valuable asset is our global team of associates and we work hard each day to keep them safe at each one of our facilities. With safety in mind, we have designed and implemented our S4 (S-to-the-fourth) system and safety culture, which is focused on developing, engaging, monitoring, and continuously educating our associates on standardized procedures that are key to their workplace safety and well-being.
Quality Assurance
         11
11
 
12
POWER to make the world a better place
SUSTAINABILITY
AAM strongly believes that being a good corporate citizen is good for our business and good for our customers. We continue to strive to make changes that will have a positive impact on our global communities. During 2016, three of our facilities – Oxford Forge, RHTC and ATDC – earned ISO 50001 Energy Management certification for driving continuous improvements in energy efficiency through energy management systems. AAM now has seven facilities that are ISO 50001-certified including manufacturing facilities in Thailand, China and Poland and we will continue to add additional facilities to that list. Our ENERGY STAR-certified World Headquarters (WHQ), which was our first ISO 50001 facility, has reduced energy consumption by more than 25 percent in less than 10 years.
We are also committed to reducing the environmental footprint of our manufacturing process. AAM’s major manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO 14001 Environmental Management Standard. We continue to focus on three key environmental impacts – reducing waste sent to landfills, cutting water consumption and decreasing greenhouse gas generation. During 2016, AAM facilities undertook more than 30 projects to reduce energy, recycle oils and coolants and reduce wastewater.
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
At AAM, we embrace the POWER of collaboration and teamwork. In 2016, AAM associates partnered with local organizations and donated their time, talents and resources to make positive differences in the communities where our associates live and work. In the U.S., our most significant fundraising endeavors supported the Boy Scouts of America, United Way and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Southeastern Michigan. As we continue to grow globally, AAM associates are building on a legacy of community involvement. Our teams in the U.K., Mexico, China, Poland, Thailand, Brazil, Germany and other countries have demonstrated that by working together we can forge long- lasting relationships and build stronger communities and organizations. I am proud of everything our associates do to make a difference.

  Associates from across our Michigan facilities were the top fundraiser and Flagship team for the Metro-Detroit St. Jude Walk/Run.
 13
13
In Thailand, associates from our Rayong Manufacturing Facility volunteered at a local organization to support community involvement and honor local culture.
  Associates from our Glasgow Manufacturing Facility Our team in Mexico held a charity event to support hiked the tallest mountain in the U.K. to raise funds
research efforts to find a cure for cancer. for medical research.
 Team AAM in Germany participated in a 5K race, raising funds for programs dedicated to families and children with special needs.
Team AAM from Brazil celebrated World Tree Day by planting seedlings of the Araucaria tree.
   
 POWERING the future
Where is the auto industry headed? We feel strongly that the North American market is still a very solid operating environment for AAM for years to come. We anticipate robust market demand for pickup trucks and full-size SUVs and further growth in crossover vehicles. These are, and will remain, strong segments for AAM. Globally, we continue to support our customers with key vehicle launches. In Asia, particularly China, crossovers and SUVs are one of the fastest-growing segments and AAM continues to be seen as a valued partner for these products. In the meantime, the automotive industry is investing significant resources into lightweighting, electrification, connectivity, autonomous driving and advanced ride-sharing models – the future of the automotive industry.
Where is AAM headed? We are transforming into a vastly different company. We will have new customers, new technologies and a new geographic footprint. As a global leader in driveline, drivetrain, powertrain, and metal formed components and modules, our customer base will be better diversified and our footprint will be more expansive. We will have a stronger financial profile through greater size, scale and enhanced cash flow generation. As the automotive industry continues to move toward the global megatrends, our technologies will be focused on efficient, safe, and smart mobility solutions.
There has never been a better time to be part of the AAM team. We are excited about the future. As always, thank you for your loyal and continued support of AAM.
David C. Dauch
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 14
