                                         President’s Letter
The year 2000 was a successful one for American Express Bank. Our strategy of refo- cusing the business on more profitable activities and our efforts to reduce costs and our risk profile helped produce positive results for the period, with net income increasing 34 percent to $29 million from $22 million in 1999.
Behind this performance was a continued emphasis on accelerating growth in our Financial Institutions, Private Bank and Personal Financial Services (PSF) businesses and greater commission and fee revenues. Operating expenses were lower reflecting savings from reengineering initiatives and general cost control. These were partially offset by a decline in net interest income, mainly due to higher funding costs, as well as lower securities gains and joint venture income. Net financial revenue (excluding the provision for credit losses) decreased to $648 million in 2000 from $673 million in 1999. Provisions for credit losses remained at $31 million, unchanged from 1999.
The Bank remains well-capitalized as defined by regulatory guidelines. At year-end, risk-based capital ratios stood at 10.1 percent for Tier 1 capital, up from 9.9 percent in 1999 and 11.4 percent for total capital, down from 12.0 percent in 1999.
The progress we made in 2000 is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our employees around the world and the strong relationships we have built with our clients over the years.
In the Financial Institutions Group we significantly increased sales of payments and trade finance products. We also made substantial progress in our newest business, third party mutual fund sales. Here we market our American Express and World Express Funds to financial institutions who then distribute them through their branch and on-line networks to their consumer clients. In 2000, we added another 54 distributors to our network in Italy, launched new businesses in Spain and the U.K. and laid the foundation for a 2001 launch in Germany.
The Financial Institutions Group serves over 1,700 leading financial institutions, a critical business for us given the increasingly close partnerships American Express is developing with financial institutions around the world in cards, investments and Travelers Cheques.
The Private Bank also produced strong results with client holdings increasing 12 percent to more than $10.4 billion. In anticipation of client needs, AEB introduced three new investment alternatives within the American Express Fund family: Global Innovation and Focused U.S. Equity, both managed by American Express Financial Advisors (AEFA), and a Global High-Yield Euro debt fund. Additionally, the Bank launched a third portfolio in its offshore hedge fund family, the Global Long-Short Fund-of-Funds. We also opened new facilities in Los Angeles and Vancouver to bet- ter serve clients traveling to the west coast of North America.
In our Personal Financial Services unit, continued investments in new products and marketing helped increase client volumes by 19 percent to $4.1 billion. This business serves about 500,000 affluent clients in 11 countries with a broad range of credit, investment and savings, transaction and insurance products delivered through phone, fax, mail and the Internet. In PFS markets, over 60 percent of the clients are
 W. Richard Holmes President and
Chief Executive Officer
IN THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS GROUP WE SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED SALES OF PAYMENTS AND TRADE FINANCE PRODUCTS. WE ALSO MADE SUBSTANTIAL PROGRESS IN OUR NEWEST BUSI- NESS, THIRD PARTY MUTUAL FUND SALES.
American Express Bank Ltd. 1

                                         WE STEPPED UP MARKETING OF OUR PRIVATE BANK’S SERVICES TO A HIGHLY TARGETED GROUP OF CARDMEMBERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, WHILE THE COM- PANY’S INTERNATIONAL CARD BUSINESS MADE PLATINUM CARDS® AVAILABLETOQUALIFIED AEB CLIENTS. IN ADDITION, WE CONTINUED TO SEE INCREASED SALES OF OUR AMERICAN EXPRESS FUNDS AND THE AMERI- CAN EXPRESS OFFSHORE ALTER- NATIVE INVESTMENT FUND, BOTH OF WHICH HAVE PORTFOLIOS MANAGED BY AMERICAN EXPRESS FINANCIAL ADVISORS.
Cardmembers, a reflection of our successful efforts to deepen relationships with clients.
Global Trading continued to grow its business with financial institutions and pri- vate banking clients and expanded its capabilities to meet the needs of other Ameri- can Express units and clients.
Throughout the year, we continued to integrate the Bank’s activities with those of other American Express units. We stepped up marketing of our Private Bank’s ser- vices to a highly targeted group of Cardmembers outside the United States, while thecompany’sinternationalcardbusinessmadePlatinumCards® availabletoqual- ified AEB clients. In addition, we continued to see increased sales of our American Express Funds and the American Express Offshore Alternative Investment Fund, both of which have portfolios managed by American Express Financial Advisors. We also market AEFA investment certificates, and operate a joint venture with AEFA to market deposit products.
These efforts were helped with the creation of the new Global Financial Services (GFS) group in June. This internal American Express organization will help coordi- nate the activities and resources of AEB, American Express Financial Advisors, the company’s international card and network businesses and Global Brokerage and Membership B@nking. For AEB clients this means increased availability of other AmericanExpressproductsandforclientsofotherAmericanExpressunitsgreater access to the Bank’s expertise and products. For American Express shareholders, it means AEB will be able to more effectively leverage the company’s operational resources and expertise which will further help the Bank reduce costs.
In our Corporate Banking unit we continued to reduce the size of our corporate lending business. At year-end our corporate loan portfolio stood at $1.8 billion com- pared to $1.9 billion at the end of 1999. This reduction is in line with our stated strat- egy of emphasizing businesses that are core to American Express.
Finally, I would like to thank John Ward who led the Bank as Chairman from 1996 through the middle of last year. His many contributions helped position the Bank for the growth we are seeing today.
Looking ahead, we believe our strategy of focusing on building businesses that cater to individual clients and financial institutions will continue to build value for Amer- ican Express shareholders and will also enhance the high level of service our cus- tomers expect from the American Express brand. It should be an exciting time for all of us, and we certainly look forward to working with our clients to help them take maximum advantage of the financial opportunities ahead.
Sincerely,
W. Richard Holmes
President and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2001
 2
American Express Bank Ltd.
