 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
American Express faced many tests in 2016, but we ended the year in a stronger position than we started.
Much has changed since I told shareholders that our performance entering 2016 was not what we, or you, had come to expect from us. We faced significant challenges, such as the wind-down of our relationship with Costco, industry-wide pressure on cobrand economics and merchant fees, as well as persistent macroeconomic headwinds. We had to act decisively to change the trajectory of our business – and we did.
Reset. Rebound. Return.
Our approach can be summed up in three words: reset, rebound, return. We set out to reset our economics, rebound from our challenges, and ultimately lay the foundation for a return to sustainable, top-tier financial performance. We created a two-year game plan to do just that. We’re halfway through that plan now and are making very good headway. I’m tremendously proud of how our people have risen to the challenge. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, and many challenges to overcome, but our unique assets and opportunities for growth make me confident in our future.
Let’s look at our bottom-line results before I update you on our growth plan. American Express earned $5.4 billion in net income for 2016, and diluted EPS was $5.65, including a gain of $1.1 billion on the sale of our Costco U.S. cobrand portfolio. During the year, we used our capital strength to repurchase $4.4 billion worth of shares, which drove a 7 percent decrease in our average share count. Excluding restructuring charges, we posted adjusted EPS of $5.93, which was in line with the raised EPS outlook we offered in October.1
Over the past 12 months, our entire company has rallied around the three core priorities that make up our 2016-17 game plan:
• Acceleraterevenuegrowth
• Significantlyreduceourexpensebase • Optimizeourinvestments
Let me briefly describe our efforts on each of these fronts.
Accelerate Revenues
To drive revenue growth, we’ve focused on acquiring new high-quality Card Members across our consumer and commercial businesses, significantly expanding merchant acceptance of our cards, and capturing more of our existing customers’ off- Amex transactions – or the spending and borrowing they do through competing products.
Here are some signposts of our progress in 2016:
• Weacquiredmorethan10millionnewproprietarycardsduringtheyear,aidedbyincreasedinvestmentsinmarketingand promotion, and advances in our digital acquisition capabilities.
• Wegrewworldwidespendingonourcardsby8percent,adjustingforCostcoandforeignexchangerates.2Thisreflected continued strength in international markets, good performance among small and midsize companies, and our emphasis on strong long-term relationships with higher-spending Card Members.
• We grew worldwide loans by 11 percent. Our growth rate surpassed the industry average, and we maintained industry- leading credit quality. Our customers today rely on Amex for only a relatively small portion of their borrowing needs, which means we have considerable untapped potential. As a result, we’ve stepped up our efforts to target the right offers to the right Card Members, while also expanding our range of lending products and services for both businesses and consumers.
• Wecontinuedtogrowourglobalmerchantnetwork,addingmorethan1millionnewmerchantlocationsintheU.S.during 2016, while also expanding in key international markets. Our progress in getting more small businesses to accept our cards through our OptBlue program inspired us to set an aggressive goal – to achieve merchant coverage on a par with Visa and MasterCard in the U.S. by the end of 2019.
These moves led to sequential strengthening of our revenue performance toward the end of the year. Total revenues were down 2 percent from a year ago. However, adjusted revenues excluding Costco and foreign exchange rose by 5 percent for the year and 6 percent for the fourth quarter. That’s an acceleration from the 4 percent adjusted growth we achieved for the full year of 2015.3
1

 Reduce Our Cost Base
American Express has a track record of strong expense controls. When we announced in early 2016 that we would take $1 billion out of our expense base by the end of 2017 on a run-rate basis, we knew it was ambitious, but we were determined to make it happen. I’m pleased to say that we are actually ahead of plan to reset our cost base and improve operating efficiency.
In order to achieve this progress, we had to make some significant changes that, unfortunately, resulted in job cuts affecting many of our colleagues. It’s hard to see good people who have made valuable contributions leave our company, but we knew we had to further streamline our organization. We reduced layers of management, eliminated redundant activities, created centers of excellence, integrated our global servicing and credit groups, and likewise brought together our global banking, risk and compliance teams.
We didn’t just make changes on the basis of how much we could save, but rather how we could work more effectively, improve speed to market, enhance customer service, and drive more effective collaboration and rapid decision making. The results so far have been encouraging.
We also continued to invest heavily in our service infrastructure, data management, and digital capabilities, all of which power our ability to meet customer needs and grow the business. Providing exceptional service helps set us apart in the marketplace, and I’m delighted to say that our customer satisfaction scores reached all-time highs.
Optimize Investments
We’ve also been working on a number of fronts to improve our ability to make the most out of every investment dollar. For instance, we’re focused on ensuring close collaboration across the company so we can take our best ideas, develop them, and implement them quickly and well. We’ve also become more effective in using our closed-loop transaction data to deliver compelling marketing offers for customers and prospects, provide business-building insights to merchant partners, and help our commercial clients manage their expenses. Lastly, the organizational changes I mentioned earlier have paved the way for faster and better decision making. Here are just a few examples:
• OurnewlycreatedMarketingOperationsgrouphassimplifiedprocessesthatusedtoinvolvemultipleteamsandhandoffs. As a result, campaigns are getting out the door faster and at lower cost.
• OurDigitalEnterpriseandTechnologyteamsareemployinganagiledevelopmentmodeltolaunchnewdigitalservicesand partnerships faster than ever. Launches in 2016 included the Amex for Developers portal where APIs make it easier for partners to connect with our ecosystem for payment services, fraud prevention and data analytics; the Amex bot for Facebook Messenger; and upgrades to the Amex app that help Card Members manage their accounts more easily.
• We’realsoseeingbenefitsfromthedecisionwemadeinlate2015tocreateasingleCommercialServicesorganizationby merging the teams that serve our small, middle market and large corporate clients. This change has helped us improve our product offerings and the effectiveness of our sales force.
Across every part of our business, we aim to offer differentiated value to our customers and prospects at the right economics for our shareholders. Ultra-rich sign-up offers proliferated in the credit card industry during 2016 as some major card issuers tried to attract new customers at great expense. Certainly, we’ve invested heavily in rewards and offers to encourage customers to join Amex, and for existing customers to place more of their spending with us. This is a space where we have to be competitive, but not shortsighted. We’ve walked away from deals that do not make economic sense for us, and we aim to avoid promotions that we believe would only gain share at the expense of profits.
We feel very good about the value our products provide to our customers, and we continually work to enhance that value. Our tremendous Platinum Card franchise, for example, has long been an industry benchmark for service and benefits. We’re working hard to increase the advantages of Platinum membership, with Centurion Lounge access, fee credits at qualifying airlines and other travel benefits introduced in recent years. During 2016, we rolled out expanded benefits for our U.S. Consumer and Small Business Platinum products, and the initial performance trends have been very promising. You can expect to see more enhancements for Platinum Card Members in the year ahead.
Shareholder Returns
The progress we made throughout 2016 in executing our growth plans helped improve our shareholder performance. After a difficult start, we ended the year with a total shareholder return of 9 percent.4 This compares to returns of 13 percent for the Dow and 12 percent for the S&P 500. The market reacted favorably to the momentum that we displayed in the second half of the year, and we also benefited from the post-election rally that lifted financial sector shares in general.
We continue to believe that serving our customers well and creating a great workplace for our people are the ultimate catalysts for shareholder returns.
2

 DOJ Lawsuit
Another important development in recent months involved our legal battle with the U.S. Department of Justice. Throughout a lengthy process dating back to 2010, we have fought for the right to protect American Express and our Card Members from discrimination at the point of sale. Under the terms of our contracts, merchants who choose to accept American Express agree to provide welcome acceptance when customers present their cards to make purchases. The DOJ has sought to abolish these protections, which, they argued, hinder competition.
Last September, we earned a significant victory when the Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruled unanimously in our favor. The ruling affirmed our right to enforce the nondiscrimination provisions in our merchant contracts. The DOJ appealed that decision, but in January, the full appellate court denied the DOJ’s request.
It is fundamentally unfair to interfere with a consumer’s right to choose how he or she wants to pay at the point of sale, and we strongly believe the DOJ’s approach would have harmed competition. The DOJ still has the option to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, so this fight may not be over. However, we believe that the appellate court has sent a clear and unmistakable message, and we stand ready to continue the fight if need be.
Reset. Rebound. Return. Redux.
All in all, 2016 was a very eventful, change-filled and ultimately positive year for us. We made tangible progress on our plan to reset, rebound and return to sustainable, top-tier growth. At the same time, we know we have much more to do because many of the challenges we’ve been outlining for investors over the past two years remain in our path. The competition is very tough, and transformation in our industry will only accelerate. However, I can assure you that we are moving ahead with confidence, intense focus and clarity.
Compared to when we started the year, we’ve become a more efficient, more nimble, and more driven organization. We have powerful assets to work with, including our closed-loop network, our data and information management advantages, the global breadth of our payments businesses, and our world-class customer service capabilities. The opportunities to use these assets to increase our share of wallet among consumers, deepen relationships with merchants and corporate clients, and expand our offerings to meet emerging payment and commerce needs excite us. It’s a fascinating time to work at American Express, and I am honored to lead the more than 56,000 people who comprise this great company.
Thank you for your support as shareholders and members of the American Express community. Sincerely,
Kenneth I. Chenault Chairman & CEO
American Express Company
February 28, 2017
1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), a non-GAAP measure, excludes $410 million pretax restructuring charges ($266 million after-tax) for the year ended December 31, 2016. See Appendix I for a reconciliation to EPS on a GAAP basis.
2 FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translations into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the year ended December 31, 2016 apply to the period(s) against which such results are being compared).
3 Adjusted revenues net of interest expense on an FX-adjusted basis, a non-GAAP measure, excludes from prior-year results estimated revenues from Costco in the United States, Costco U.S. cobrand Card Members and other merchants for out-of-store spend on the Costco cobrand card. See footnote 2 for an explanation of FX-adjusted information and Appendix I for a reconciliation to total revenues net of interest expense on a GAAP basis.
4 Total Shareholder Return is the total return on common shares over a specified period, expressed as a percentage (calculated based on the change in stock price over the relevant measurement period and assuming reinvestment of dividends). Source: Bloomberg (returns compounded daily).
3
  