to our shareholders:
Commitment is the hallmark of any rewarding relationship. At American Express, we made some important commitments to our shareholders over the past year. We pledged that a sharper focus on our high-performing payments businesses following the Ameriprise spin-off would produce strong growth, generate higher returns and position us well for the future. We delivered on all these fronts in 2006. As a result, American Express solidified its place as a leader in the rapidly evolving payments industry.

letter to shareholders

The powerful combination of our card-issuing business and network partnerships fueled industry-leading growth in cardmember spending and lending, and put the American Express brand in the wallets of millions of new cardmembers. As we expanded our presence worldwide, we also achieved strong financial results. For the year:  Income from continuing operations rose 16 percent to $3.7 billion  Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations rose 18 percent to $3.01  Revenues rose 13 percent to $27 billion  Return on average equity (ROE) was 34.7 percent These results met or exceeded all of our long-term financial targets: earnings per share growth of 12-15 percent, revenue growth of at least 8 percent and ROE of 33-36 percent, on average and over time. That last target is quite a bit higher than it was a year ago. In the fourth quarter, we raised our ROE range from 28-30 percent, reflecting both our performance since the spin-off and continued confidence in our growth potential. Net income of $3.7 billion was essentially level with year-ago results, which included nine months of earnings from Ameriprise, the business we spun off to shareholders. We believe that focusing on continuing operations -- or the businesses that now comprise American Express -- provides a clearer view of our ongoing performance. Total expenses rose 10 percent, primarily reflecting higher costs for marketing, promotions, rewards and cardmember services. We also had significant growth in interest and provision expense, with the latter primarily due to volume growth in our lending portfolio. We continued to see excellent payback on the investments we have made in businessbuilding activities over the past few years. These efforts fueled momentum in key drivers of revenue growth such as billed business, receivables and cards-in-force. At the same time, our focus on reengineering, which produced more than $1 billion in benefits for the sixth consecutive year, has increased the flexibility and efficiency of our organization overall.

[ 14 ]

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
We know our job is to build value for our shareholders. In a strong year for the major equity markets, American Express' stock returned 19 percent to shareholders in 2006. Our performance exceeded the S&P 500's return of 15.8 percent and was in line with the S&P Financial and Dow Jones Industrial indices. Cumulatively, over the past five years, our stock's total return to shareholders has substantially exceeded these three key indices and almost all of our peer companies. This five-year track record of superior returns corresponds with consistently strong growth in earnings, revenue and return on equity over the same period. Our financial performance, in turn, results from our focus on:  earning the loyalty of high-spending customers by offering products, rewards and services that provide premium value;  capitalizing on competitive advantages such as our unique spend-centric business model and the American Express brand;

letter to shareholders

 using our capabilities in risk and information management to drive spending and create real economic value for cardmembers and merchants alike;  continually reengineering our business to manage costs and increase our flexibility; and  investing in our future and identifying the best opportunities across a range of highperforming businesses. We are committed to managing our shareholders' resources wisely. As our recent performance demonstrates, our businesses generate high returns on equity and substantial cash flow, which has enabled us to deliver strong earnings growth while investing in our future and returning a significant amount of capital to shareholders. Through share repurchases and regular dividends, we returned 93 percent of capital to shareholders in 2006 -- well above our target of 65 percent, on average and over time. comparison of five-year total return to shareholders
(Cumulative Value of $100 invested on December 31, 2001)

$250 $200 $150 $100 $50 $0 01 02 03 04 05 06

[ 15 ]

Year-end data*

2001 $ 100.00 $ 100.00 $ 100.00

2002 $ 100.13 $ 77.91 $ 85.36

2003 $ 137.65 $ 100.24 $ 111.83

2004 $161.75 $111.14 $123.99

2005 $ 169.91 $ 116.59 $ 132.05

2006 $ 202.33 $ 134.98 $ 157.41

American Express S&P 500 Index S&P Financial Index

This chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common shares with the total return on the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Financial Index for the last five years. It shows the growth of a $100 investment on December 31, 2001, including the reinvestment of all dividends. On September 30, 2005, American Express distributed to shareholders a special dividend of all its common shares of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. This distribution is accounted for in the chart as though it were paid in cash and reinvested in the company's common shares.
* Source: Bloomberg (returns compounded monthly)

GLOBAL PAYMENTS: A POWERF UL ENGINE
The excellent performance of our payments businesses drove the company's growth in 2006. For the fourth consecutive year, we grew our share of spending on general purpose cards in the United States. We also gained share of spending in many key international markets. Cardmembers of all types -- consumers, small-business owners, midsize companies and large corporate customers -- spent significantly more on their American Express cards in 2006. Worldwide billed business, which includes spending on our proprietary

letter to shareholders

products as well as the cards of our network partners, rose 16 percent to a record $561.5 billion. This rate of growth outpaced that of all major issuers. Growth in spending came from two sources. First is the expansion of our cardmember base. We added 7 million cards-in-force in 2006, one of our largest annual increases, which brought total cards-in-force to 78 million. Second, we continued to increase average spending per card, which rose 7 percent year-over-year. Cardmember spending, which generates discount revenue, is the foundation of our business model. But we also earn interest and fees from lending, or revolving card balances. This source of revenue is an important complement. Cardmember loans have risen along with spending, increasing 17 percent on a managed basis and 31 percent on a GAAP basis in 2006. By contrast, most of the major card issuers experienced growth in the single digits. Even as our cardmember base and lending portfolio grew, our overall credit quality remained well controlled. Write-off rates in both our charge card and lending portfolios improved from a year ago. Provisions for losses rose due to increased loan volumes globally and higher loss rates in some international markets, most notably Taiwan. This was partially offset by lower bankruptcy-related charge-offs and excellent credit quality in the United States.

card billed business
(in billions)

cards-in-force
(in millions)

[ 16 ]
$416 $311 $352

$561 $484 57.0 60.5 65.4

71.0

78.0

02

03

04

05

06

02

03

04

05

06

Cardmember spending on American Express cards rose 16 percent to a record $561 billion worldwide in 2006.

We significantly expanded our cardmember base in 2006, adding 7 million cards-in-force, which brought our total to 78 million cards worldwide.

Taken together, our spending and lending growth, the global expansion of our card franchise and the quality of our lending portfolio underscore the momentum of our payments business. We are continuing to benefit from a model that taps multiple sources of growth: a card-issuing business with leading positions in consumer, small-business, middle-market, large corporate and prepaid categories, as well as a rapidly expanding global network of partnerships with other financial institutions. We also have complementary businesses that reinforce our ability to assist customers around the world. These include travel services for consumers and businesses, and an international private bank that has relationships with wealthy individuals and more than 1,700 financial institutions.

letter to shareholders

A DEEPER LOOK AT RESULTS
Within each of our businesses, we focused on attracting high-spending customers, capturing a greater share of their spending and further differentiating American Express in the marketplace. Following are selected highlights of our 2006 results.
PROPRIETARY CONSUMER AND SMALL-BUSINESS CARDS

Spending rose 13 percent on consumer cards and 16 percent on small-business cards in the United States. In international markets, consumer and small-business spending rose a combined 11 percent, assuming no changes in foreign exchange rates. During the year, we sold our card-issuing operations in Brazil, Malaysia and Indonesia to Global Network Services (GNS) partners. As a result, billed business for these operations is now reported as part of our GNS business. Around the world, we significantly enhanced our industry leading rewards programs, gave business clients more ways to manage their expenses, helped merchants reach the right customers with the right offers, and honed our data management capabilities and risk models to be more responsive to the needs of individual cardmembers.

innovative rewards

[ 17 ] With First Collection, we introduced a new level of luxury rewards exclusively for Platinum Card and Centurion Card members. This premium tier of Membership Rewards provides offerings from some of the world's finest retailers and service providers.

New Rewards. One of our major initiatives in the United States involved strengthening Membership Rewards. Our cardmember loyalty program, now in its 16th year, is a proven driver of growth for American Express. Average spending on cards linked to Membership Rewards is up to four times higher than on cards without rewards. Cardmembers enrolled in the program also tend to stay with us longer and have better payment histories. To keep Membership Rewards at the leading edge, we introduced innovative features such as:  First Collection, a luxury rewards tier exclusively for U.S. Platinum Card and Centurion Card members. Redemption partners include some of the world's finest retail establishments and service providers, such as Tiffany & Co., Lamborghini and Oberoi Hotels & Resorts.  Bonus Points Mall, an online gateway to more than 100 retailers, where cardmembers can earn double Membership Rewards points for their purchases. Bonus Points Mall, which replaced our double-point promotion for certain "everyday" spending categories, is helping to fuel more online spending with American Express cards.

letter to shareholders

Beyond Membership Rewards, we offer a growing array of rewards-based products. In 2006, we launched new cards for small-business owners with co-brand partners JetBlue and Starwood. We also expanded the OPEN Savings program, which provides savings on travel and other major business expenses. And when our research showed that many small-business owners expressed a preference for cash rewards, we developed the SimplyCash Business Card. For consumer cardmembers, we enhanced rewards on our co-branded cards with JetBlue and Starwood. Giving our cardmembers more opportunities to save on purchases, earn extra points and receive priority access to events that interest them is another key dimension of the rewards we offer. Because of our sophisticated information management and marketing capabilities, it's also something that American Express can do uniquely well. Throughout 2006, we brought an array of targeted offers to cardmembers that served to increase their spending and deepen their loyalty to American Express.

proprietary card products

[ 18 ]

New American Express cards launched in 2006, some of which are pictured above, allowed us to meet the wide-ranging needs of consumers, small businesses and corporations around the world. Gift Cards geared to teenagers, cash-back cards for small-business owners, airline affinity cards for frequent travelers, Platinum cards for affluent consumers -- American Express introduced all of these and more last year as part of our continuing effort to provide superior value and service to our cardmembers.

Global Scale, Local Solutions. Around the world, American Express continued to expand relationships with affluent consumers and merchants by tailoring products and services to meet their needs. We combined global capabilities and proven strategies with local marketing expertise. For example:  Because many high-spending cardmembers travel frequently, we launched or enhanced several premium card programs with large airline and loyalty partners -- Aeroplan, AeroMexico, Qantas, Singapore Airlines, Spanair and Thai Airways International.  We expanded our "any airline anytime" program, which lets cardmembers redeem Membership Rewards points for flights on virtually any airline to destinations

letter to shareholders

worldwide. In 2006, we launched variations of this program in Canada, Germany, Puerto Rico, Spain and Sweden.  We upgraded Platinum cards in European markets with new benefits that include comprehensive trip insurance and free access to airline club lounges for both the cardmember and a travel partner. The changes helped to drive double-digit increases in spending on Platinum cards in these markets.  We also took steps to further distinguish American Express as the payments company that offers personalized service to cardmembers. For example, in Australia, we introduced Membership Rewards Concierge Service to help cardmembers create customized rewards packages.  In certain markets where incomes are growing rapidly, we strengthened our offerings for affluent consumers. For example, we introduced American Express Platinum credit cards in India and Argentina, and rolled out Centurion in Singapore. Capability Improvements. Some of our strongest innovations during the year occurred within risk management, information management and the online capabilities that support our card products and related programs. The American Express Web site, once a transaction-processing vehicle, has evolved into a multidimensional, interactive way to connect with cardmembers and promote our brand. An online component is now integrated into almost every element of our business, from card acquisition to marketing to travel management, bill payment and more. Since we rebuilt and relaunched our global Web site in late 2005, we have continued to add new features that encourage cardmembers to interact with us online. For example, we redesigned our Membership Rewards site and improved its search features; extended the highly popular Pay with Points option; customized Web sites for different geographic markets; retooled online applications for cards; and made it even more convenient for cardmembers to manage their accounts online. With our expanded Web capabilities, we are creating virtual communities of merchants and high-spending cardmembers. One such example is My WishList, a seasonal Web site developed in conjunction with U.S. merchant partners. Through the site, we provide cardmembers opportunities to buy a limited number of sought-after items such as automobiles, trips, electronics and jewelry at a fraction of their retail prices, as well as access to hundreds of offers from top brands. Our Web capabilities are also helping to improve profitability. Customers who choose the Web channel not only save the company processing costs, but they also have proven to be, on average, bigger spenders who engage more actively with American Express. Another way to facilitate spending among all cardmembers is to look for ways to clear potential obstacles that may stand in their path. Our risk management organization enables us to do this without sacrificing credit quality. In 2006, we improved the speed and accuracy with which we analyze cardmember applications and approve requests to increase spending limits or extend credit. And we took additional steps to prevent fraud while ensuring that all transactions remain as seamless as possible, whether they occur at a cash register or online.

[ 19 ]

letter to shareholders

To make the most of the data that comes to us through our closed-loop network, we have also invested heavily in refining the way we analyze information. This helps us to better understand and respond to customer preferences. For example, if a cardmember enrolled in Membership Rewards still favors a competing credit card for most purchases, we can customize our marketing to remind that cardmember of the rewards that come with spending on American Express. Or, if we observe that a cardmember doesn't use her American Express card for certain categories of spending, like fuel or groceries, we can work with merchants to create incentives designed to change that pattern. Our aim is to capture a greater percentage of cardmembers' total spending, build business for merchants and earn the loyalty of both. With our information-management capabilities and marketing expertise, we are able to be more precise in matching the right offers to the right customers at the right time. contactless payments

[ 20 ]

ExpressPay, a contactless payment feature that uses radio-frequency technology, is a fast and convenient alternative to cash for a variety of purchases.

New Ways to Pay. Across the payments spectrum, from quick-serve meals to mortgage payments, we continued to expand the ways our cardmembers can use their American Express cards and build rewards points. ExpressPay, our contactless payment feature designed to be a faster and more convenient alternative to cash transactions, is now accepted at more than 30,000 places in the United States, including the top quick-service restaurant, movie theater, drug store and convenience store chains. This product is well-suited for merchants who need to process a large number of transactions quickly and securely. ExpressPay, powered by radio-frequency technology, is available both in a key-fob form and embedded within several card products, including newly issued Blue and Clear cards and the Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card. On the other end of the scale, we are also focused on increasing card acceptance for large-ticket purchases and recurring charges generally not put on plastic. One example is the pilot we launched last September with New York real estate developer The Moinian Group. This program will allow home buyers to put mortgage down payments on their American Express cards. With the average Manhattan condominium selling for more than $1 million, the condo buyer who puts 10 percent down on one of our many rewards-based products earns 100,000 points -- a powerful incentive to use the American Express card. We also continued to increase merchant acceptance across a range of everyday spending locations, a strategy that has been extremely successful for us over the past several years.

letter to shareholders

Retail and everyday purchases now make up 65 percent of all spending on American Express cards, with travel and entertainment accounting for 35 percent.
COMMERCIAL CARDS

Billed business on our commercial cards rose 14 percent in the United States and 17 percent internationally, assuming no changes in foreign exchange rates. We gained share across all major global markets where we issue these products. Our continued focus on penetrating the commercial middle market helped drive a 21 percent increase in spending by midsize companies in 2006. With decades of experience as a top provider of payment solutions to businesses, American Express has developed a level of expertise in expense management that we view as a key competitive advantage. In late 2006, we strengthened this advantage with the launch of S2S -- an innovative suite of "source to settle" solutions that will help companies streamline all aspects of the electronic procurement process. To support this business expansion, we acquired Harbor Payments, a leading provider of electronic invoicing and payment technology. By combining our own deep knowledge of procurement with a state-of-the-art technology platform, we can offer corporate clients and their suppliers the ability to eliminate paper processing and vastly reduce their costs. With S2S, they will be able to handle everything from sourcing goods to invoicing to paying bills online. As most businesses still generate paper invoices and pay bills by check, this is clearly a large opportunity for us. We began to market S2S to companies in the United States in early 2007 and plan to expand globally.
GLOBAL NET WORK SERVICES

[ 21 ]

As our proprietary card-issuing business grew stronger, our network business also continued its rapid expansion. Although much younger and smaller than our proprietary business, Global Network Services (GNS) is an increasingly important contributor to our overall results. GNS had an outstanding year in 2006. The total number of American Express-branded cards issued by GNS partners around the world grew 39 percent to 15 million. Spending on cards issued by these partners rose 48 percent globally. This figure includes volume related to the sale of our proprietary card-issuing and related businesses in Brazil, Malaysia and Indonesia to GNS partners Banco Bradesco, Maybank and Bank Danamon, respectively. Excluding the transfers, spending on GNS cards rose 36 percent. GNS signed 11 new partners to issue cards on the American Express network. At year's end, we had nearly 110 GNS partners in 120 countries, and many of these partners introduced new American Express-branded card products in 2006. In international markets, notable launches included two versions of a Virgin Atlantic American Express Card from MBNA in the United Kingdom and the Standard Chartered American Express Card in Hong Kong. In the United States, we signed GE Money early in the year. Since opening our U.S. network to third-party issuers in late 2004, all those we've signed to date -- Bank of America, Citibank, HSBC, Barclays, USAA Federal Savings Bank and GE Money -- have American Express-branded products in the marketplace. Already, these cards are generating strong spending volumes and offer further evidence of how GNS issuers are

letter to shareholders

on the network

Global Network Services continued its rapid expansion in 2006, signing 11 new partners to issue cards on our network. GNS has nearly 110 partners in 120 countries. Many of these partners introduced new American Express-branded cards during the year, including the South African Airways American Express Card issued by Nedbank, DBS Treasures Card, Bank of America American Express Rewards Card, Lloyd's TSB Bank Premier American Express Card, and American Express Banco Rio LANPASS Card.

[ 22 ]

attracting high-spending customers and identifying the right mix of products, services and value propositions to appeal to them. GNS is more than an attractive business in its own right. It enhances our entire card business in many ways, strengthening our overall ability to increase cards-in-force, merchant acceptance and brand visibility around the world. For example, in markets where we work with bank partners to sign merchants, the number of establishments that accept American Express-branded cards rose 25 percent last year. Most important, GNS enables us to expand our global presence without having to invest large amounts of resources, as our partners already have established, attractive customer bases they can target with American Express-branded products.
PREPAID SERVICES

Sales of American Express Gift Cards continued to rise as we increased buying convenience for customers, rolled out new products, worked with our merchant partners to give prepaid customers special bonuses on purchases, and benefited from the growing popularity of these products. Our Gift Cards are now sold through tens of thousands of locations throughout the United States, and we added many new ones during the year, including gas stations, retail bank branches and grocery stores. Recipients of our Gift Cards got an added benefit in 2006 -- the opportunity to receive exclusive discounts on their purchases or other extras when they redeem their Gift Cards at participating merchants. Sales of Travelers Cheques declined slightly in 2006, reflecting the migration of the prepaid business toward plastic. However, our Travelers Cheques remain a popular and trusted product for many customers, especially in international markets. We took additional steps during the year to expand the availability of Travelers Cheques, signing banks in Brazil, South Africa, South Korea, Turkey, Ukraine and the Caribbean to distribute the product.

letter to shareholders

TRAVEL

Sales volume in our global travel business increased 6 percent in 2006, as airline fares and hotel rates continued to rebound. Commissions and fees, however, remained essentially flat as the ongoing transition to online booking reduced average revenue per transaction and competition intensified. U.S. Consumer Travel had a particularly strong year, with sales rising 27 percent. During 2006, we enhanced marketing programs with premium air, cruise and hotel partners. We also continued to use offers and features tied to our Membership Rewards program to drive traffic to our Consumer Travel Web site. This helped lead to a nearly three-fold increase in online transactions. Our Business Travel clients increasingly chose our online channel as well, which is consistent with the trend established over the past several years. Sales rose 3 percent for corporate and international consumer travel. In an industry contending with lower transaction commissions, we continued to build capabilities in advisory, expense management and other services that help client companies to better manage their travel programs. For example, in 2006, we established an Advisory Services organization dedicated to helping clients control their travel costs. When clients save money, we earn a percentage of the savings. We also partnered with Rearden Commerce to launch AXIOM, an online marketplace of more than 135,000 suppliers that lets clients find, purchase and manage both traditional travel and related services, such as airport parking, dining and package shipping. This site passes on negotiated savings from our merchant partners to clients, and makes it easier for business travelers to book with approved suppliers.

[ 23 ]

consumer travel

Enhanced programs with premium partners, such as the Fine Hotels & Resorts program, contributed to Consumer Travel's strong year. The program offers Platinum Cardmembers exclusive amenities at over 500 luxury properties around the world.

AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK

At American Express Bank, the tough interest rate environment continued to put pressure on margins and reduce profits. Despite these difficulties, the Bank continued to deepen relationships with both institutional and private banking clients. Global payment volumes rose 18 percent within the Financial Institutions Group, which provides services such as international payments and trade finance. At the Private Bank, assets under management increased 11 percent to $22.5 billion. Investment product holdings increased 26 percent, as clients continued to diversify from deposits to other types of investments.

letter to shareholders

SUSTAINING MOMENTUM IN A CHANGING LANDSCAPE
We entered 2007 in strong shape with considerable momentum across our payments businesses. Nonetheless, like all payments companies, we face a number of challenges including an uncertain economy, increased competition and certain short-term factors. Specifically, we anticipate pressure on our interest and provision expense lines in early 2007. A number of hedges that had dampened the impact of higher interest rates expired last year. Additionally, we will not have the benefit of the unusually low level of write-offs we saw early last year following bankruptcy law reforms in the United States. Given these factors, we expect uneven growth in these two expense lines in the year ahead. To mitigate that impact, we are focused on controlling overall costs and taking a more stringent approach toward discretionary expenses in 2007. Despite this somewhat more conservative stance, we will continue to invest substantially in growth opportunities and are confident that the business-building initiatives of the past several years will continue to drive additional cardmember spending. Our business model gives us the flexibility to pull back or push ahead with investments in response to changing conditions. It positions us to adapt to a changing environment as we seek to meet our long-term financial goals. Equally important, we see substantial opportunities for growth now and in the years ahead, beginning with our traditional strengths: consumer, small-business and commercial payments, as well as expanded opportunities such as network services.
[ 24 ]

Consumer Spending. Opportunities for growth outside the general purpose card market are significant. For example, more than $24 trillion or 86 percent of worldwide consumer spending remains on paper in the form of cash and checks. We intend to continue converting more spending from cash and checks to American Express card products, both in regions where card usage is well established and in rapidly growing areas where consumer credit is in earlier stages of development. We will accomplish this through the strength of our brand, commitment to service and ability to provide more value, convenience and opportunities for our high-spending customers. Small-Business Spending. American Express was one of the first card companies to develop products and services specifically for small businesses. At the end of 2005, our share of spending in the U.S. small-business segment was approximately 50 percent. While that may sound like a description of a mature business, plastic still accounts for less than 15 percent of all small-businesses payments -- and total spending by this group is estimated to be $2 trillion. Middle Market. Midsize companies represent a $950 billion global market, and roughly 85 percent of that amount is still transacted with cash and checks. We have captured significantly more spending among this group over the past few years with products and services that include expense management and volume discounts we negotiate with suppliers. We also have made large investments in our sales force, especially in our inter-

letter to shareholders

national business. Middle-market customers are a particularly high-spending, profitable group for American Express. Network Partnerships. Given the strong foundation we have established with our network of bank partnerships outside the United States in the past decade, along with the early progress we have made in partnerships with U.S. banks, we believe GNS will continue to be an excellent source of growth. Over the past five years, spending on GNS partner cards has risen 32 percent, compounded annually. In 2006, the pace of growth accelerated. Since we launched the GNS business, one of the questions we have heard is whether network partners issuing cards with our brand "cannibalize" existing cardmembers in proprietary markets. This has not been the case. In fact, in key markets where we have both a major domestic card-issuing business and a substantial GNS partnership -- including Argentina, Australia, Singapore and the United States -- our GNS and proprietary businesses have grown side-by-side. By selecting the right partners and working with them to attract high-spending, creditworthy customers, we expand the presence of American Express in many markets around the world. As a result, GNS and proprietary have taken share from other networks. And in markets where we don't have a large proprietary presence, the GNS model enables us to scale up quickly with the right partner. The upside potential of this business is obvious, and we will continue to focus on signing new partners and helping them drive spending. Our established businesses clearly afford us the greatest potential for growth. But we also have taken steps to position American Express for the continued expansion of card usage and electronic payments. We see promise in several developing areas, such as:  Business-to-business payments -- The buying and selling of things like equipment, raw goods, supplies and services among businesses is a roughly $10 trillion market opportunity, most of it transacted with cash or checks.  New forms of payment -- Radio-frequency identification and other wireless technologies are driving innovations in "contactless" payments, such as ExpressPay, and giving consumers alternative transaction channels.  Online commerce -- The marketing capabilities we have developed to help merchants build their business can be extended to the online world. We are using the Internet in a variety of ways to drive cardmember spending and create experiences that build brand loyalty. We also see opportunity for cooperation with the major Internet companies to improve the effectiveness and value of search results for online shoppers. Needless to say, we won't be pursuing these opportunities alone. Competition continues to intensify across the payments industry. Once Visa follows MasterCard in becoming a public company and Morgan Stanley completes its planned spin-off of Discover, it will mark the first time that four independent, publicly owned payments networks have competed head-to-head.

[ 25 ]

letter to shareholders

Traditional card-issuing rivals have become more aggressive in offering rewards and going after premium customers. Meanwhile, new players seeing opportunities in alternative and online payments are also changing the competitive landscape. In this crowded marketplace, everyone is focused on displacing cash and checks as the payment method of choice. Making the act of paying more convenient and secure -- both online and offline -- is critical, but that's not all consumers and merchants want. The winners in the payments industry will be those who create real value by providing not just a cash substitute but a better form of currency. They will deliver meaningful rewards, savings and access to experiences that help people enjoy their lives. They will create relevant connections between consumers and merchants that drive commerce. They will stand behind their customers with knowledgeable, committed service. And they will have a brand that the public trusts and admires. In short, they will offer a relationship that treats the customer like an individual and not a transaction. American Express is uniquely well-positioned to do all these things.

UNIQUE ADVANTAGES
We believe American Express is best equipped to create and maintain lasting relationships that offer real value. Our advantage begins with the way we're built. We are the only company with a business model focused primarily on cardmember spending. We are the only company with scale in all key areas of payments -- as a card issuer, network, transaction processor and merchant acquirer. We are the largest global card issuer by spend volume and the fourth-largest card lender in the United States. And, unlike the vast majority of issuers and networks, we have direct relationships with cardmembers and our merchant partners. In addition, we have an organization and infrastructure dedicated to supporting the spend-centric approach. Our closed-loop network gives us data that indicate how, when and where our customers spend. Most important, we know how to read and apply the data to benefit both our cardmembers and our merchant partners. For example, we can help merchants identify which types of customers are most likely to try new products. We can help them analyze the market potential for adding a new store. And with the marketing expertise we've developed over many years, we can provide insights on the kinds of special offers and experiences that are most likely to resonate with our high-spending cardmembers. These capabilities make American Express more than just a payment facilitator. Instead, we are a conduit between merchants and the customers they most want to reach. We have the highest-spending cardmembers of any card issuer or payments network, and we do not take them for granted. American Express is known for providing the kind of personal attention that is increasingly rare in an era of commoditization. This past year, service representatives around the world again demonstrated their dedication to helping customers with everything from routine requests to extraordinary calls for assistance. One of these representatives is featured in the opening pages of this annual report. Sandra Lopez was part of a team based in Cancun, Mexico, who searched for cardmembers,

[ 26 ]

letter to shareholders

merchant offers and experiences

American Express provides unique value to both our merchants and cardmembers. Through our closed-loop network and marketing expertise, we are able to match the right offers and experiences to the right customers at the right time. These targeted offers benefit our cardmembers and build business for merchants.

[ 27 ]

shelter to shelter, in the aftermath of Hurricane Wilma. And I could tell you many similar stories of heroics in other locations around the world. But it's not just front-line employees who are focused on the company's vision of becoming the world's most respected service brand. We have more than 65,000 employees who are engaged in activities ultimately designed to improve the American Express experience for all our customers by giving them more choices, benefits, rewards and services. Nearly 70 percent of the senior-level managers who guide our employee teams have been with the company for more than 10 years, giving us a depth of industry experience that I consider to be another key strength. And we have a Board of Directors that works to ensure sound governance of our business and helps us serve the interests of our customers, employees and shareholders. I want to thank all of our directors for their service to the company. In particular, I want to recognize Peter Dolan, who stepped down as a director during 2006, for his five years of service, and to note two outstanding additions to our board -- Richard C. Levin, president of Yale University, and Ronald A. Williams, chairman, chief executive officer and president of Aetna Inc. I am pleased to welcome Richard and Ron, who joined in January. All of us associated with American Express feel a deep responsibility for representing one of the world's most respected brands, and delivering on our promise to provide world-class service and personal recognition to our customers.

letter to shareholders

IN CLOSING
Rewarding relationships begin with commitments. They develop with knowledge and insights. They thrive when both sides benefit. And they last when those benefits are delivered reliably, with care and respect, over time. American Express is committed to building rewarding, lasting relationships with our customers and partners. We are committed to creating the kind of workplace environment that not only attracts talented and diverse employees but enables them to grow and prosper. We are committed to giving back to our communities by devoting time and resources to philanthropy, conducting our business with integrity and recognizing our responsibility to society. And we are committed to generating value for our shareholders. With our strong competitive advantages, diverse businesses and wide-ranging opportunities, American Express is well-positioned to deliver on our commitments. It is an exciting time to be part of the payments industry, and I am confident that American Express will remain at the forefront of the transformation.

Sincerely,

[ 28 ]

Kenneth I. Chenault Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2007

In Memory of Gerald R. Ford On a sad note, we said goodbye at the start of the new year to one of the most distinguished and valued directors ever to serve on our board -- former President Gerald R. Ford, who passed away late last December. President Ford served as an American Express director from 1982 to 1986 and continued to play an important role as a senior advisor until he retired in 2003. For more than two decades, President Ford was a true friend and supporter of American Express. We were privileged to have had the benefit of his insights for so many years.

