 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our company has a long track record of success. That’s not to say the path has always been easy. We’ve often faced challenges, yet each time we’ve adapted and emerged stronger. Today, as our industry undergoes fundamental change, we’re taking steps to accelerate revenue growth and adjust our cost structure. We’re doing so with both a realistic view of our challenges and confidence in our many strengths. I think we have a strong foundation and abundant opportunities to create a very successful future.
However, I’d also be among the first to tell you that we need to raise our performance coming out of 2015. All in all, it was a tough year. Our earnings were not what we,
or you, are used to seeing from American Express. Our stock trailed the broader market. And, on a personal note, we suffered the tragic loss of our dear friend and president, Ed Gilligan, who passed away in May.
We made progress on many fronts in 2015, including strong loan growth, industry- leading credit quality, higher transaction volumes, and encouraging results from investments to expand our Card Member and merchant bases. However, we also had several factors working against us, such as worsening cobrand economics and the stronger U.S. dollar, which suppressed earnings and revenue.
For the year, we earned $5.2 billion in net income, down 12 percent from 2014. Revenues decreased by 4 percent to $32.8 billion. Expenses were down 1 percent overall as a result of strong operating expense controls. At the same time, we continued to invest heavily in initiatives designed to fuel our future growth.
A number of factors made year-over-year comparisons somewhat complex. But a look at our underlying business shows continued growth. Adjusted revenues rose 4 percent, excluding foreign exchange, a 2014 gain on the sale of our investment in Concur Technologies and revenues from business travel, which now operates as a joint venture.1
Spending on American Express cards rose 6 percent, adjusted for foreign exchange translations.2 This came despite lower volumes in Canada, where our relationship with Costco ended, as well as a slowdown in Costco volumes in the U.S. in anticipa- tion of the end of our contract in mid-2016.
 1 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015

 Ultimately, though, revenues did not pick up as we had expected during 2015. Our changing view of both the environment and our own performance caused us to issue a more cautious outlook for 2016 and 2017.
As I did in my recent conversation with investors during our fourth-quarter earnings conference call, I’d like to spend the bulk of this letter addressing three key questions:
• Why has our view of 2016 and 2017 evolved?
• What are we doing about it?
• Why are we confident in our ability to grow over the moderate to long term?
The Operating Environment
To answer the first question, we need to look at the operating environment.
While the macroeconomic headwinds that we’ve been discussing for some time now are not new trends, they’ve lasted longer than we previously expected. The stronger U.S. dollar has had a large impact on our business, reducing earnings per share by about 3 to 4 percentage points in 2015. The price of oil, and its down- stream impact on airfares and gasoline prices, created a drag on charge volume. And the slow-growing U.S. economy has made businesses of all sizes more cautious in their spending. These are cyclical challenges that will eventually turn.
We also face longer-term changes that are reshaping the payments industry. They include:
• A reset in cobrand economics — Over time, these relationships have become more expensive as contracts have come up for renewal and competition for them has increased.
• Pressure on merchant fees — This is coming from several fronts: regulation in key international markets, intensifying competition, and a lowering of our average discount rate as we expand card acceptance among smaller merchants.
• Heightened competition for customers — As banks have been shifting invest- ments to their card businesses, competition for our customers has increased in every segment: consumer, small business, middle market and large corporations.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015 2

 Beyond these factors, we also continue to await the outcome of our appeal in the Department of Justice lawsuit. The DOJ wants to ban provisions in our merchant contracts that protect American Express from discrimination against our card products. There was an encouraging development in December when an appeals court ordered a temporary stay of an earlier lower court judgment against American Express. We continue to believe that the lower court’s ruling would provide no benefit to consumers and, instead, would harm competition.
Our Response
This is a long list of challenges, longer than we’ve seen in many years. We recognize them. We’ve been addressing them with a strong sense of urgency. And we’re making progress on many fronts.
Over the past 12 to 18 months:
• We took decisive action in the cobrand space, accelerating contract talks with partners. We focused on those relationships where we can earn attractive returns and provide strong customer value, which led us to deals with Delta, Starwood, Cathay Pacific, British Air and Charles Schwab. We did not, however, renew our agreement with Costco because we were unable to reach terms that would have made economic sense for our company and our shareholders. This certainly has a significant short-term impact, but we continue to believe it was in our best long- term interests.
• We contained operating expenses and reorganized many areas of our business. Now we’re set to take cost reduction to the next level through the billion-dollar improvement program we announced in January 2016.
• We ramped up spending on Card Member acquisition and brought in 7.7 million new cards in the U.S. last year. Our investments here are paying off, and we’re now working to turn those new accounts into additional volumes.
• We stepped up investments in our international business with strong results. Adjusted billed business rose by 12 percent last year.2
• We expanded our merchant network, adding more than 1.2 million new merchants globally in 2015. With our OptBlue program, we’re continuing our efforts to move toward parity coverage with the other card networks in the U.S.
3 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015

 • We grew our lending business faster than the market, while maintaining our industry-best credit performance. Adjusted loans rose by 7 percent worldwide and 10 percent in the U.S. in 2015.3 We’ll continue to target new lending prospects and deepen relationships with current customers.
• We expanded our digital capabilities and partnerships to better serve our customers. Actions here included the launch of Amex Express Checkout and integrations with Airbnb, Android Pay, ApplePay, Samsung Pay and Uber.
• We streamlined our management structure, creating integrated consumer, commercial and merchant teams to help accelerate our growth.
• And, taking advantage of our financial strength, we returned more than $5 billion to our shareholders last year through dividends and share repurchases.
We accomplished a great deal, but, as I said earlier, we have more work to do. We’re heightening our efforts with a focus on three priorities:
• Reduce our expense base and optimize our investments;
• Accelerate revenue growth; and
• Continue to use our capital strength to create value for shareholders.
Reduce Costs
Let me start with expenses and give you a little more context.
In 2013, we set a goal to limit opex growth to 3 percent or less. We have beaten that goal every year since then. To accomplish this, we took a number of restructuring actions that provided benefits in 2015 and will continue to aid us in 2016.
The plan we announced in January is a major step up from there. We aim to reduce our overall cost base, which includes total operating expenses plus marketing and promotion costs, by $1 billion by the end of 2017.
This will involve structural changes to streamline the organization and reengineer key processes that now exist in multiple parts of the company to increase efficiency. I’ve assigned our Vice Chairman Steve Squeri to lead the effort. He’ll work with me and other senior leaders in every area of our business to ensure
we move quickly and meet our goals.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015 4

 Steve is one of our most accomplished leaders. He’s been at the forefront of con- taining our operating expenses over the past several years and has an outstanding track record of making the organizations he’s led more efficient and more effective.
As this new effort advances, we’ll act to reduce costs in a thoughtful way — without compromising our ability to serve our customers, meet our compliance obligations and grow the business.
Optimize Investments
Our focus on costs also involves spending our investment dollars more efficiently. We’ll continue to use big data analytics to improve the way we evaluate, prioritize and execute our investment opportunities. We’ll pursue growth opportunities in a more coordinated way through the new management structure we put in place last October. And we’ll stop certain initiatives where we’re not seeing results — or a clear path to results — just as we did by refocusing Enterprise Growth late last year.
Some of the alternative products and platforms that Enterprise Growth developed in recent years showed promise while, frankly, others didn’t. As a result, we decided to focus more narrowly on our strongest prepaid products, Serve and Bluebird,
and we recorded a charge in the fourth quarter. Taking this step will enable us to redirect investments to other parts of our business that can generate better returns more quickly.
Grow Revenues
While managing costs is important, revenue growth is key to our long-term success. I’m confident we can improve upon our recent performance. Here are some of the reasons why: a wide range of attractive opportunities across our diverse customer base; the progress we’ve made in attracting new Card Members and merchants; our ability to broaden relationships with existing customers; the leverage we can gain from operating and investing more efficiently; and the power and potential of our closed-loop model to create additional value for customers and partners.
5 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015

 Going forward, we’ll direct our investments toward efforts that can help us build revenues and earnings over the moderate to long term, including:
• Expanding our card member base with a focus on differentiated products and premium services;
• Growing our merchant network through OptBlue and other programs;
•Deepening customer relationships through lending and rewards;
• Continuing to increase our international presence;
• Expanding our offerings in merchant financing, working capital and FX international payments; and
• Developing newer opportunities related to our loyalty coalition business as well as our closed-loop data analytics.
In addition to organic growth, we’ll continue to explore acquisitions that can help enhance the value we provide to our customers.
Taking a broader view, we see a compelling range of growth opportunities as consumers continue to move away from cash and checks, as online and mobile opportunities expand, and as commerce and payments continue to converge. While we certainly face greater competition from both traditional rivals and newer entrants looking to disrupt the industry, we believe that macro trends in payments and technology can play to our strengths in the years ahead.
We have a tremendous set of assets to draw upon — our trusted brand, financial strength, the advantages of our closed loop and the data it provides, world-class customer service, and our proven ability to innovate in digital commerce.
Our integrated payments model runs about $1 trillion in spending through our closed loop each year. That rich data enables us to create value for Card Members and build business for our merchant partners. This is a major advantage, and it’s one reason why other card issuers are trying to cobble together a closed loop of their own, despite having only a portion of the essential data.
We’re not simply looking to do a better job of processing payments. We’re focused on using our relationships, technology and data to better serve our customers and open up commerce opportunities for our partners. As the boundaries between online and offline blur, I believe our business model puts us in a great position to benefit from the convergence of commerce and payments.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015 6

 We recognize that we’re operating in a new reality. That’s why we’re focused on the plan I outlined to increase revenues, reduce costs and optimize our investments. As always, we worked closely with the Board of Directors as they reviewed our plans and progress. Our Board is an outstanding group of business leaders whose insights, guidance and support play a critical role in our efforts to build shareholder value. While we’re intensely focused on raising the company’s performance in the short-term, we are managing American Express with a long-term view as we adapt and invest for the future.
As I said at the start of this letter, we face difficult challenges, but we’ve faced tough challenges before. Each time this company has been tested, we’ve become stronger.
We’re confident that we can deal with our challenges, return to sustainable growth and position the company for long-term success.
Thank you. Sincerely,
Kenneth I. Chenault Chairman & CEO
American Express Company
February 29, 2016
Footnotes:
1 Total revenues net of interest expense, adjusted for FX and excluding Business Travel revenues from the first half of 2014 and the gain on the sale of our investment in Concur Technologies in the fourth quarter 2014, and related growth rate are non-GAAP measures. See footnote 2 for an explanation of FX-adjusted information and Appendix I for a reconciliation to total revenues net of interest expense on a GAAP basis.
2 FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into U.S. dollars (e.g., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for 2015 apply to the period(s) against which such results are being compared). Certain amounts included in the calculations of FX-adjusted revenues are subject to management allocations.
3 Adjusted worldwide loan growth is a non-GAAP measure and excludes from 2014 the Q4’14 Card Member loan balances related to cobrand partnerships with Costco in the U.S. and JetBlue, now classified as held for sale. See Appendix II for a reconciliation to Card Member loans held for investment, on a GAAP basis.
 7 AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY | ANNUAL REPORT 2015
