DELIVERING RESULTS
To Our Shareholders: Change drives progress. American Express proved this in 2005. We delivered record earnings while reshaping the company for a stronger future. Key developments such as the spin-off of our financial planning unit, the industry-leading performance of our payments businesses, and the promising start of our network business in the United States marked the beginning of a new era of opportunity for our company.

We set the tone for 2005 early in the year. In February, we announced our plans to spin off American Express Financial Advisors as a dividend to shareholders. We successfully completed the spin-off of the renamed Ameriprise Financial on September 30. This change sharpened our focus on our high-growth, high-return payments and network services businesses and placed us in a better position to capitalize on a broad range of growth opportunities. Our financial performance showed the strength and potential of the businesses that comprise the new American Express. We achieved record earnings while continuing to substantially increase our investments in future growth. For the year:
   

income from continuing operations rose 20 percent to $3.2 billion diluted earnings per share from continuing operations rose 22 percent to $2.56 revenues rose 10 percent to $24.3 billion pro forma return on equity from continuing operations (excluding Ameriprise) was 31 percent

These results exceeded our long-term targets of 12-to-15 percent earnings per share growth, 8 percent revenue growth, and return on equity of 28-to-30 percent, on average and over time. During the year, we raised our return on equity target from 18-to-20 percent to the current level to reflect the company's higher return potential following the spin-off. Net income for 2005 rose 8 percent to a record $3.7 billion, while diluted earnings per share increased 11 percent to $2.97. Reported return on equity was 25 percent, up from 22 percent a year ago. These results include earnings from Ameriprise, which is now no longer a part of our company. For this reason, we believe looking at income from continuing operations -- or those businesses that remain with American Express -- provides a clearer view of our ongoing performance.

INDUSTRY-LEADING CARD GROWTH
Strong growth across our consumer, small business, commercial and network card businesses in the United States and around the world drove our earnings results. Worldwide spending on American Express cards rose more than 16 percent to a record $484 billion. No other major card issuer grew at a faster rate. As a result, we believe we gained share of spending on general purpose cards in the United States and many of our key international markets. This growth came from two sources -- higher spending per card and more new cardmembers attracted by a broader array of innovative and increasingly customized products. Average spending per cardmember grew more than 10 percent as we offered our customers a wider range of rewards, incentives and choices for using their cards. American Express has the highest-spending cardmem-

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

10

$3.0

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
In 2005, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations rose 22 percent, driven by higher cardmember spending and a continuing focus on containing costs. $2.5

$2.56
$2.09 $2.0 $1.61 $1.5 $1.0 $0.5 $0 $1.00

$1.80

01

02

03

04

05

bers of any card network, and our continuing efforts to deepen relationships with these customers helped us to expand our lead in 2005. We also added 5.6 million new cards-in-force during the year, one of our largest annual increases ever. This brought total cards-in-force to 71 million, a 9 percent increase from a year ago. In growing our cardmember base, we continued to target the kind of high-spending cardmembers who are synonymous with the American Express franchise. While spending is the focus of our business model, lending is an important complement. We had outstanding growth in cardmember loans, which rose 15 percent on a managed basis and 23 percent on a GAAP basis in 2005. This performance compared favorably to our competitors, most of whom posted only single-digit gains in managed loans. As we have grown cardmember spending and lending balances at a rapid pace, we have also maintained strong credit quality. Write-off rates in both our charge and lending portfolios remained near all-time lows, despite an industry-wide spike in bankruptcy filings in the second half of the year that stemmed from new federal legislation in the United States. The impact was well controlled, and we expect the new laws will have a slightly beneficial effect over the long term. Overall, the results from our card business in 2005 showed the competitive advantages of our spend-centric model, the benefits of our business-building investments over the past few years, and our emphasis on providing superior value to our cardmembers and merchant partners.

A STRONGER, MORE FOCUSED COMPETITOR
Our momentum is strong, and we believe it will be further fueled by our spin-off of Ameriprise. The spin-off was a major change for American Express, but it was also part of a logical evolution for our company. Entering 2005, our proprietary card-issuing business was in an excellent competitive position following several years of rapid growth. In addition, the opening of our network services business in the United States created new opportunities for us. In view of the high returns and broad range of growth opportunities across our payments businesses, we concluded that sharpening our focus on these activities would accelerate our growth. Likewise, we believed Ameriprise would benefit from operating as an independent company. The spin-off gave shareholders an interest in two outstanding companies, each pursuing its most important priorities and objectives.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

11

31%
22% 25%

RETURN ON EQUITY
We continued to exceed our long-term targets for return on equity (ROE). At year end, pro forma ROE (which is based on continuing operations) was 31 percent. Reported ROE (which includes results from Ameriprise) was 25 percent. Please see page 26 for more information about the calculation of these results. In 2005, we raised our long-term ROE target to 28-to-30 percent from 18-to-20 percent, to reflect the company's higher return potential following the spin-off of Ameriprise.

20%

21%

11%

01

02

03

04

05

The new American Express is the world's largest charge and credit card issuer by purchase volume, a network that processes transactions for nearly 100 financial institutions around the world, the premier global travel management company, and a respected international bank. We have leadership positions in the consumer, small business, middle market and large corporate card sectors, offering a diverse range of charge, lending, co-brand and prepaid products. Beyond the size and breadth of our businesses, the new American Express has a unique set of competitive and financial characteristics, including:


A business model that focuses on driving cardmember spending, unlike most of our competitors, whose models are primarily based on lending. This is an important distinction because our model generally produces higher returns and is less capital-intensive. As a result, we generate strong cash flow that can be reinvested into business-building activities when market conditions make it advantageous to do so, as well as high payout ratios to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. A unique closed-loop network and marketing capabilities that directly link cardmembers with merchants through targeted offers and incentives. As traditional marketing and advertising channels become more fragmented, our ability to match high-spending cardmembers with merchants who want to reach motivated customers becomes increasingly valuable. In essence, we think of American Express as a highly attractive and efficient consumer marketplace that delivers value to cardmembers and drives business to our merchant partners. A focus on reengineering that has produced annual savings of over $1 billion in each of the past five years. Having a disciplined approach to enhancing quality, costs and revenues through reengineering and Six Sigma process improvements frees up funds to invest in growth and gives us additional flexibility to navigate through different market conditions. A wide range of organic growth opportunities and highly effective capital allocation processes that enable us to maximize returns, stability and flexibility. World-class capabilities in risk management, information management and customer segmentation that help facilitate our growth. A brand recognized around the world for exceptional service and customer care.











AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

12

DELIVERING SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
The financial characteristics of the new American Express -- earnings growth, return on equity, payout ratio and valuation -- compare favorably with many of the top long-term growth companies, regardless of industry. We believe that managing the business for consistent growth and profitability over the long term should continue to generate substantial shareholder value. At year end, our stock's price-to-earnings ratio was among the highest of any of the top 25 global financial services companies, reflecting investor confidence in the current strengths of our business and the company's long-term potential. In the lackluster equity market environment of 2005, shares of American Express stock produced a total return to shareholders of 5 percent. We out-performed the Dow Jones Industrials and most of our peers in the card industry, performed in line with the S&P 500, and slightly under-performed the S&P Financials, where most of the gains came from the insurance and brokerage sectors. Cumulatively, over the past three years, American Express' stock has out-performed these three key indices and almost all of our peer companies in total shareholder returns. In looking at shareholder performance in 2005, it's also important to recognize the additional value that American Express shareholders gained from the Ameriprise spin-off. Those who received the spin-off dividend of Ameriprise shares and held their shares through the end of the year saw them appreciate by more than 14 percent. American Express returned 48 percent of capital to shareholders in 2005 through share repurchases and regular dividends. This reflects a more measured approach toward share repurchases in light of the capital implications of the Ameriprise spin-off. Over the past decade, we have met our capital return target of 65 percent, on average and over time, and we remain committed to this long-term objective.

A DEEPER LOOK AT RESULTS
Across our lines of business in 2005, American Express moved aggressively to develop and market new products, rewards and services to deliver more value to our customers and earn more of their business. Here is a deeper look at some of these efforts.

Proprietary Consumer and Small Business Cards
Innovative products, rewards and enhanced services helped increase spending among consumer and smallbusiness cardmembers around the world. In the United States, billed business rose 15 percent on consumer cards and 20 percent on small-business cards. In international markets, we saw a 13 percent gain in consumer and small-business spending, excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

13

Customization has been one of the keys to our success. Increasingly, we are focused on providing highly targeted value propositions to specific customer groups to drive spending and loyalty. We followed this strategy in a series of major product launches in the United States, as well as more than 60 new and enhanced proprietary card offerings in international markets in 2005. A few examples from the wide range of products we launched include:


One from American Express, which automatically contributes a percentage of cardmember purchases to a high-yield savings account. The co-branded JetBlue Card from American Express, which allows U.S. consumers to earn travel rewards that can be redeemed for flights on JetBlue. IN:Chicago and IN:LA, the latest in our line-up of "city-centric" cards that provide rewards tailored for young, urban cardmembers in the United States. Two new fee-free cards in the United States that let cardmembers save on any flight, hotel, car rental or cruise charges: the Blue Sky Credit Card for consumers and the Platinum Business FreedomPass Credit Card for small-business owners. Blue from American Express with an ExpressPay chip, giving cardmembers the flexibility of contactless payment at everyday-spending locations that now include major U.S. chains such as CVS/Pharmacy®, McDonald's® and 7-Eleven®. The new Business Gold Rewards card in the U.S., a significantly enhanced version of the Gold Card that offers additional rewards for small businesses. The Knot Credit Card, for couples planning their weddings, and The Nest Credit Card, for newlyweds. The Nectar Credit Card from American Express, in partnership with the United Kingdom's largest loyalty program, Loyalty Management U.K. The MINI American Express Card, a BMW-American Express co-brand in Germany. The expansion of existing co-brand card portfolios -- including the new SkyPointsTM Credit Card from Delta and the Singapore Airlines PPS Club Platinum Credit Card. New premium cards including Platinum in Australia, Brazil, Mexico, Hong Kong and Taiwan; and Centurion in Singapore.











 

 



At the same time, we continued to enrich our industry-leading rewards programs for consumer, small business and corporate customers in other ways. For example, we added a host of new partners to Membership Rewards, giving cardmembers more choices for redeeming their points -- including the booking of trips arranged through our newly redesigned travel Web site. We also signed new partners in the hotel, express delivery and restaurant industries for OPEN Savings, which gives small-business cardmembers access to special negotiated rates for savings on a variety of travel and everyday costs.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

14

NEW PRODUCTS
American Express continued to design new products for attractive segments of the card market. Our focus: providing premium-value products and services to high-spending cardmembers.

Efforts like these helped us deepen relationships with our premium cardmembers and attract new ones to the franchise.

Network Cards
Our fast-expanding Global Network Services (GNS) business also continued to gain momentum in 2005, providing us with an additional -- and increasingly strong -- avenue for growth. Spending on cards issued by our bank partners rose 36 percent globally, network cards-in-force rose 23 percent, and we signed a number of key issuers in the United States and in several international markets. As 2005 drew to a close, we marked our first full year of operating our network business in the United States, an option finally opened to us in October 2004 through a series of court rulings that barred the anticompetitive practices of Visa and MasterCard. We moved quickly to capitalize on this opportunity, and our rapid progress clearly illustrates the potential of GNS for both American Express and banks that issue cards on our network. To date, we've signed seven leading U.S. card issuers: MBNA, Citibank, Bank of America, GE Money Bank, HSBC Bank Nevada N.A., USAA Federal Savings Bank and Juniper Bank, a member of the Barclays Group. Collectively, the annual billings of these institutions represent about half of the total for the top 100 bank card issuers in the United States. We are confident that our value proposition will enable us to capture additional spending on our network and attract more premium cardmembers to the franchise. MBNA, our first U.S. bank partner, began issuing cards accepted on the American Express network in late 2004. Citibank launched its first cards this past December. With these cards in the marketplace and others in the pipeline, our GNS business is off to a very promising start in the United States. Outside the United States, we announced 13 new GNS deals -- including those with Lloyds TSB in the United Kingdom, Standard Chartered Bank in Asia, Banco Patagonia in Argentina and Shinhan Card in South Korea -- which brought our total worldwide to 97 relationships in 109 countries. We also marked historic card launches in China and Russia with our partners Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) and Russian Standard Bank, respectively, and positioned ourselves in two emerging markets that offer great potential. Importantly, GNS enables us to enter new markets and expand our presence in others quickly and costeffectively, by leveraging our existing network and the distribution capabilities of banks with whom we partner.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

15

PARTNERING WITH MERCHANTS
Working closely with partners, we deliver customized cardmember offers to help merchants grow their businesses. On average, during 2005 we added a new merchant location to our network every 16 seconds, expanding card acceptance globally and giving our cardmembers more places and more ways to use their American Express cards.

Commercial Cards
In the highly competitive corporate payments arena, we strengthened our position as the leading provider of corporate cards, generating double-digit increases in commercial-card spending worldwide. Billings in the global middle market -- a key area of opportunity for our company -- grew by 19 percent. Based on this performance, we believe we gained share of commercial-card spending in the United States and in key international markets. These results reflect our ability to provide dedicated service for corporations and their employees, targeted savings programs, and global expense management solutions. In 2005, we enhanced our products and services for large corporations and midsize businesses. For example, we:


added more rewards and features to American Express Business ExtrAA, a co-branded card with American Airlines, which now offers rebates on all published American Airlines fares; launched several new co-branded cards with airline and loyalty program partners, including Aeroplan, Alitalia and British Airways, all of which offer midsize companies sizable discounts and rebates on air travel; and enhanced our data management capabilities, offering corporate clients new tools for analyzing and managing hotel costs, tracking global expenses and obtaining Value Added Tax refunds.





Merchant Services
We continued to broaden our global merchant network in 2005. We welcomed millions of new establishments around the world, extended long-term partnerships with key accounts and expanded card acceptance in emerging categories such as rent, recurring billing and quick-service restaurants. On average, during 2005 American Express added a new merchant location that accepts our cards every 16 seconds. While giving our cardmembers more places and more ways to use their American Express cards will always be important to us, we are just as focused on helping our merchant partners build their businesses. We deliver higher-spending customers to their doors. For example, in the United States, average spending on American Express cards is about four times higher than on MasterCard and Visa cards. Moreover, with our marketing expertise and database capabilities, we work closely with merchants to create targeted offers for the American Express cardmembers they most want to reach. In turn, our cardmembers benefit from the significant savings, exclusive access, upgrades and other types of rewards that American Express provides. In 2005, we continued to strengthen our partnerships with merchants and expand our broad array of incentive programs such as My WishList, a seasonal online promotion that gives cardmembers access to many valuable
AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

16

offers, and Business Savings, which gives smaller establishments that accept our cards significant discounts on the services of some of our largest merchant partners. In essence, as I noted earlier, we are creating a highly efficient marketplace with our closed-loop network, and we've seen the results in our industry-leading growth in cardmember spending and gains in our share of spending with many top merchants.

Prepaid Services
Sales of American Express Gift Cards more than doubled from a year ago, as demand for these products continued to rise. We significantly expanded the number of places where consumers can purchase our gift cards, adding about 30,000 new retail and banking locations in 2005. In the United States, we also introduced gift cards for specific groups of recipients and occasions, such as children, teens and birthdays. Multi-purpose gift cards, like those from American Express, offer a more convenient choice for gift-giving than cash, checks or store-specific gift cards. As for our original prepaid product, the American Express Travelers Cheque, sales declined slightly from a year ago due to increased competition from other forms of payment. Average Travelers Cheques outstanding, a key driver of profitability for this product, rose slightly. During the year, we announced an agreement with Thomas Cook in the United Kingdom for the travel agency to sell American Express Travelers Cheques through its branch network, in call centers and on its Web site.

Travel
American Express is the world's premier travel management company. Our travel business supports our brand, our global presence and our ability to serve our cardmembers' needs around the world. In 2005, we grew worldwide travel sales by 4 percent, while continuing to adapt to a very challenging industry environment. Our U.S. Consumer Travel business had a particularly strong year, posting a 27 percent gain in revenue. Online sales rose significantly, with the average transaction size increasing nearly 60 percent in 2005, our first full year since we launched a new travel Web site. We also broadened our selection of cruise and tour packages and enabled cardmembers to redeem Membership Rewards points to pay for their trips, an option that has proved extremely popular. In Business Travel, average transaction revenue fell as more volume moved online, but overall operating margins improved because of continuing progress in the ongoing transformation of our business model. In 2005, we stepped up our efforts to reduce expenses, enhance services and increase our flexibility. These actions position us to compete more effectively -- both online and offline -- in an industry environment that we expect will continue to be difficult.

American Express Bank
American Express Bank provides financial services to banks worldwide and to high-net-worth and affluent individuals outside the United States. Commissions and fees rose on solid growth in payment volumes and

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

17

Private Bank holdings. Private Bank assets under management rose 10 percent, topping $20 billion for the first time ever. In the Financial Institutions Group, global payment volumes increased by 21 percent. The Bank continued its strategy of shifting resources to its higher-return, lower-risk businesses. Exiting corporate lending over the past five years has significantly improved its return on equity and risk profile. Additionally, the Bank continues to align its products and services more closely with the card business. Private Bank services have become a key offering for Centurion cardmembers, and American Express cards are available to clients as an integrated part of their relationship with the Private Bank.

MANAGING CHALLENGES
While we produced excellent results across our businesses in 2005, the question we -- or any business for that matter -- must answer is whether we can sustain strong performance. We are confident the answer is yes, based on our steady momentum since 2001 as well as the steps we have taken to increase our financial strength and capitalize on our competitive advantages and growth opportunities. Of course, no business operates in a vacuum. We, and the payments industry as a whole, face clear and significant challenges into 2006 and beyond. I want to highlight three of them -- discount rate pressure, the uncertain economic environment, and industry saturation -- and then explain why I believe American Express is well positioned to navigate through these challenges and to execute our growth strategy.
DISCOUNT RATE PRESSURE

Two factors have combined to focus attention on the fees that card networks charge merchants: regulatory actions in several countries and private merchant litigation, primarily in the United States. While Visa and MasterCard have been the main target of these actions, we are not immune from a spillover effect.


I'll begin with the regulatory environment. In countries including Australia and Mexico, government authorities have scrutinized interchange rates set by the Visa and MasterCard networks and, in some cases, acted to restrict them. The regulators' actions have hinged on two principles: the notion that Visa and MasterCard member banks are working collectively to set prices, and that because those associations have market power they have substantially harmed competition. American Express has not been directly affected by these regulations because we are fundamentally different from our network competitors. We are a single entity, not an association of banks, and we set our discount rate directly with each merchant. Although our network is open to other card issuers, they do not play a role in setting merchant pricing. In addition, we do not have monopolistic power. Merchants are not required to accept our cards, but choose to do so because we provide premium value in return for the fees we charge.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

18

MEMBERSHIP REWARDS AS PAYMENT
Cardmembers can now use Membership Rewards points to pay for any airline ticket, hotel room or cruise available on our redesigned travel Web site. This service, called Membership Rewards as Payment, gives customers more ways to redeem their points. In just a few short months, it has become one of the most popular options on our Web site.

In certain countries where regulations have forced our competitors to lower their fees, we have lowered our merchant discount rates to reflect competitive trends, but not as much as the associations. At the same time, we have increased billed business and locations-in-force in these countries, further illustrating the advantages of our spend-centric model and the clear value we provide to merchants. In the United States, the activity around interchange has focused on private litigation, following a long pattern of rising interchange fees on the part of Visa and MasterCard. We are confident that the legal theories advanced in these cases do not apply to us because of the fundamental differences between our business model and that of the bank card associations. We will continue to closely monitor the regulatory and legal developments that can affect our discount rate, which we expect will take some time to play out fully. Another issue facing American Express and the payments industry as a whole is the impact of a potential economic slowdown. No company is insulated from the effects of economic cycles. However, the actions we have taken since 2001 to become more flexible and improve our risk profile have made us better able to manage through them. We have a diverse range of products, customer groups and revenue sources. We can direct investment spending with increased precision and speed, enabling us to adapt quickly to changing economic conditions. And our ongoing reengineering efforts should continue to generate cost savings and revenues across our business that we can either reinvest or let flow to the bottom line, depending on market circumstances. In short, we have a variety of levers available to respond to shortterm conditions while managing our business for the long term.
UNCERTAIN ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT


INDUSTRY SATURATION

 The last issue I'd like to address is a perception that the market for charge and credit cards, particularly in the United States, is fully mature. Industry observers who hold this view cite declining response rates to myriad card offers and slowing receivables growth among many issuers. While we acknowledge that competition in the payments industry is greater than ever, we think there is significant room for growth.

Our cardmembers spent a record $484 billion on their American Express cards last year, more than on any other card issuer's products, but this represents only a small portion of the total opportunity. Consider the following:


Of the estimated $28 trillion dollars that consumers worldwide spend annually, only 14 percent takes place on credit, charge and debit cards. Therefore, the potential to grow is substantial.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

19

HELPING MIDSIZE BUSINESSES
Helping midsize companies manage employee spending is an excellent growth opportunity for American Express. In 2005, we launched corporate cards in partnership with British Airways, Aeroplan and Alitalia that deliver travel discounts and rebates to midsize businesses that were traditionally available only to larger companies.



Similarly, cash and checks are used for the vast majority of small-business spending. We estimate that U.S. small businesses use cards for less than 15 percent of their spending, and that amount is likely to be even lower internationally. Midsize companies worldwide use cards for less than 10 percent of major purchases such as travel and entertainment and office supplies, although many can clearly benefit from the savings and expense management services that American Express provides.



Given the competitive advantages of our business model and the differentiated appeal of our products and brand for high-spending consumers and business clients, we believe we are well positioned to capture this substantial opportunity.

CAPITALIZING ON OPPORTUNITY
At a time of mergers and consolidation across the financial services industry, most of American Express' growth in recent years has come from our existing businesses. While we remain open to making an acquisition if it would accelerate our growth and business strategies, we are focused on organic opportunities in both traditional and emerging areas of our business. There is significant potential to grow spending and lending within our existing customer base, as well as to deepen relationships with corporate and small-business customers. And we have proven our ability to expand our franchise by attracting new high-value customers in both our proprietary payments and network businesses. Continuing to do these things well will enable us to capture a greater portion of the vast and growing market opportunity that I outlined earlier. Even small percentage increases in average cardmember spending and cards-in-force can translate into substantial revenue gains. In addition, we have a range of emerging opportunities that build upon our existing capabilities.


Global Network Services (GNS) -- Our GNS business is off to a great start in the United States, but it's only in the early stages of growth. We have signed an impressive group of major banks to issue cards on our network. Combining their extensive distribution capabilities with our brand power and network gives us added opportunities to grow spending, increase cards-in-force and expand our merchant coverage. Meanwhile, we have great potential to grow our network business internationally, building upon the momentum we have already established.

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

20



Emerging markets -- Economic growth and the rapid advance of consumer spending in countries such as China, Russia and India are exciting developments. In 2005, we introduced our first cards in China and Russia in partnership with ICBC and Russian Standard Bank. With well over a billion potential cardmembers and plastic penetration in the low single digits, these markets hold significant promise. As plastic spending and the consumer credit infrastructure evolve, we see considerable opportunity here over the moderate to long term. Global middle market -- This continues to be an excellent growth opportunity for American Express, as we focus on leveraging our strengths in the corporate sector to bring expense management and other services to midsize businesses around the world. These companies spend more than $900 billion annually on travel and entertainment, office equipment and supplies, shipping, and other incidental costs -- all expenses that we can help them manage. While we have made great progress in this area, we are only just scratching the surface. Alternative payments and new industries -- From buying a cup of coffee with the wave of a "contactless" card to making monthly rent payments with American Express, our cardmembers have many new ways to use their cards instead of cash. The same is true for prepaid Gift Cards designed to take the place of cash and checks for gift-giving. We will continue to develop new payment alternatives that are faster and more convenient for consumers.





With such a wide variety of opportunities already in our pipeline and strong momentum moving us forward, we feel confident in our ability to sustain our growth over the long term.

COMMITMENT TO SERVICE
Our ultimate goal is to be one of the most respected companies in the world, regardless of industry, based on long-term financial performance and honorable conduct. It's not just about results, but how we achieve them -- with a commitment to integrity and service. This commitment starts at the top with our Board of Directors, which provides invaluable guidance. On behalf of our employees and shareholders, I want to thank our Directors for their dedication to the company. In particular, I would like to recognize William G. Bowen who, having reached the mandatory retirement age, will not stand for reelection to the Board in 2006. We are grateful for his 18 years of distinguished service to American Express and we will miss his wise counsel. In another change, in January 2006 we welcomed Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating Officer of News Corporation, as a new Director. Peter will make an outstanding addition to our Board. While the dedication of senior leaders is essential, our ability to live up to our values ultimately depends on the tens of thousands of American Express employees who personify our brand. What we stand for was never

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

21

so powerfully expressed as it was in 2005, when the world endured multiple natural disasters that claimed lives and destroyed property on a massive scale. During these crises, American Express people across the company reached out to aid cardmembers, merchants and travelers in ways that have come to typify our service -- in other words, above and beyond all reasonable expectations. They helped move people out of stricken regions. They reunited families. They extended emergency loans, credit and sometimes even cash to cardmembers and merchants in need. They helped promote the restoration of tourism in regions trying to recover in the aftermath of the disasters. And they gave generously, volunteering thousands of hours and donating nearly $2 million to relief efforts. In addition the American Express Foundation and the company contributed another $3.5 million to help aid the recovery. While we have a longstanding tradition of going above and beyond in times of crisis, the everyday actions of employees are what enable us to carry out our strategies and deliver for our cardmembers, partners and shareholders. I believe we have one of the most talented and committed workforces of any company. Our 2005 Employee Survey, which set a record for participation, showed that we are maintaining consistently high satisfaction levels. Workplace quality is important to us, and we work hard to foster an environment in which people of all backgrounds feel they can succeed and grow. We are proud that American Express was included on 28 best places to work lists in major media worldwide in 2005, and that we retained the number one ranking in the consumer credit category in Fortune's annual America's Most Admired Companies list. In 2006, we will roll out new programs to further strengthen our leadership and talent management capabilities. We are committed to creating a work environment that not only ensures employee satisfaction, but inspires and enables our people to reach higher. I have often said that the people of American Express are our greatest asset. Strategies and business models only lay the groundwork. For more than 155 years, our people have made our success possible through every phase of this company's reinvention. Above all else, they give me the confidence that our next chapter promises to be the best yet.

Sincerely,

Kenneth I. Chenault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
FEBRUARY 27, 2006

AXP / AR.2005 [ ]

22

