                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Character has a lot to do with success or failure in business. And character had a big hand in our company’s accomplishments
in 2013. The service ethic that anchors our culture, the desire to reinvent, and the ability to achieve in challenging conditions—all of these qualities were on display this past year.
During 2013, we produced record earnings in a slow-growth economy. While delivering short-term results, we also invested heavily in opportunities to expand our core businesses and open new avenues for growth in the future. We also returned a substantial portion of our profits to shareholders through a dividend increase and share buy- backs, taking advantage of our strong capital position.
Meanwhile, we continued the work of transforming our company. Positive change is coming from many directions. We are developing new ways to serve our customers in the digital economy. We are driving commerce by using our closed-loop network and data analytics to create value for buyers and sellers. And we are making American Express a more welcoming and inclusive brand by reaching out to new types of customers.
2

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
It was gratifying to see the stock market recognize our progress and potential. For 2013, our shareholders enjoyed a total return of 60 percent. While it was a great year for equities all around—the proverbial rising tide lifted many boats—we did especially well in outperforming the Dow, S&P 500 and S&P Financials. In fact, we beat these indices over the past one-, three- and five-year periods.
Deliver results today. Invest for tomorrow. Maintain a strong financial core. Transform the business. We made progress on each of these fronts in 2013. This is how we aim to drive consistent, sustainable growth and create value for our shareholders. Although we face many challenges in a volatile and intensely competitive environment, I am confident that we are on the right path.
3
 Billed business rose
7 percent to a record $952 billion on broad- based growth in spending among consumers, small businesses and corporations globally. Higher spending per card, combined with an expanding Card Member base, drove the increase.
CARDS-IN-FORCE (IN MILLIONS)
BILLED BUSINESS (IN BILLIONS)
          09 10 11 12 13
09 10 11 12 13
87.9 91.0 97.4 102.4 107.2
$620 $713 $822 $888 $952

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
HIGHER EARNINGS ON CORE BUSINESS GROWTH
American Express earned $5.4 billion in net income for 2013, up 20 percent from the previous year. Diluted earnings per share rose 25 percent. Solid growth from our core businesses, disciplined expense controls and excellent credit quality drove our profits.
The economy didn’t offer many favors. Overall consumer spending and borrowing remained relatively weak in many parts of the world, with only modest improvement in GDP as the year progressed. Nevertheless, we were able to grow revenues by 4 percent, capitalizing on the advantages of our spend-centric model and diverse customer base. While we came in below our on-average and over-time goal of 8 percent revenue growth, we feel good about the result in this environment.
Let’s look more closely at some of the factors that drove our performance:
HIGHER SPENDING BY CARD MEMBERS: Spending on American Express cards rose 7 percent for the year as we continued to generate one of the highest organic growth rates among major card issuers. Our Card Members swiped, clicked and tapped their way to a record $952 billion in purchases with us in 2013. We experienced broad-based growth among consumers, small businesses and corporate clients.
The rise in spending also paved the way for a modest increase in loan balances. Total loans were up 3 percent, well above the industry average. The combination of higher loan balances and lower funding costs drove a 9 percent increase in net interest income.
EXCELLENT CREDIT QUALITY: Credit quality remained excellent.
We continued to outperform our major card-issuing competitors in past- due and write-off rates. This reflects both the quality of our customer base and our lending strategy, which is centered on premium products. While we expect that write-offs will eventually rise from today’s historically low levels, we are confident in our ability to balance growth and risk in our portfolio.
4

                                                                                                                                                                  AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
RESTRUCTURING AND EXPENSE CONTROLS: Cost controls also played a crucial role in our financial performance. During 2013, we reduced total expenses by 1 percent, even as we increased investments in marketing and promotion.
Across the company, we emphasized the importance of containing operating expenses. We backed that up with a publicly announced goal: limit operating expense growth to no more than 3 percent in both 2013 and 2014. We beat that goal in 2013 and remain committed to
it for 2014.
The restructuring actions that we announced in January helped us contain operating expenses by making American Express a leaner, more flexible organization. Unfortunately, realizing these benefits involved difficult decisions to reduce jobs. Our restructuring focused on consolidating similar functions and eliminating duplicate efforts, streamlining corporate staff groups, and continuing to adapt to customers’ shifting preferences for online servicing.
 5
TRANSFORMING COMMERCE
American Express continued its tradition of innovation to deliver value to Card Members and build business for merchants. Partnerships with digital platforms created new commerce
opportunities in 2013:
Turning Tweets into Transactions.
Card Members who connected their eligible cards to their Twitter accounts were able to purchase items by using Twitter hashtags.
US - www.tripadvisor.com
Rewarding Travels.
TripAdvisor became the latest digital platform to host merchant offers for Card Members
who connect their eligible cards with their TripAdvisor profiles.
Paying with Points.
Certain New York City taxicabs began accepting Membership Rewards points for payment through terminals designed by VeriFone.
                                                    
                J.D. POWER
American Express received its seventh straight J.D. Power award for “Highest Customer Satisfaction Among
U.S. Credit Card Companies.” American Express has received this award every year that it has been given.
Our strong performance and cost controls in 2013 gave us the ability to invest more than we did in the prior year. We pursued a mix of opportunities in both traditional and new areas, with different return horizons.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
It’s never easy to make a decision that results in respected colleagues losing their jobs. We supported their transitions as best we could and remain thankful for their contributions to the company.
The reengineering announcement was a tough way to begin the year, but it left us in a stronger financial position in the end. We believe these actions made us more nimble, more efficient and more effective in using our resources to drive growth.
GOING FOR GROWTH
In our core businesses, we focused on acquiring new Card Members and merchants globally; expanding our network of card-issuing partners; and developing new services and capabilities to better support our customers and business partners.
As a result, we:
• •
• •
added nearly 5 million cards-in-force worldwide;
increased average spending per card by making it easier and more rewarding to do business with American Express;
expanded our network of card-issuing partners with major new signings like Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and Barclaycard in the U.K.; and
achieved strong increases in corporate account signings and small business volumes.
                  6

                SHOP SMALL
As Small Business Saturday entered its fourth year in the U.S., American Express
added Shop Small events in Argentina, Australia, Canada, Israel, South Africa, and the United Kingdom. U.S. consumers who were aware of Small Business Saturday reported spending an estimated $5.7 billion with independent merchants on the day.
Our reputation as a company that provides world-class service continued to grow as well. We earned our seventh straight J.D. Power award for highest customer satisfaction among U.S. credit card companies. That’s a perfect seven awards in the seven years that J.D. Power has surveyed credit card customers. While we don’t set out to win awards, it’s gratifying to receive this recognition and similar honors in countries around the world. Of course, we ask our Card Members for direct feedback, too. Record numbers said they would recommend American Express to their friends, which we take as the highest expression of satisfaction.
In another highlight of 2013, we saw an American Express-inspired movement go international. Our company founded Small Business Saturday in the U.S. four years ago to help small business owners attract more customers and ring up more sales. It’s now a fixture on the holiday shopping calendar. By the end of the year, the Shop Small movement had expanded to include Argentina, Australia, Canada, Israel, South Africa, and the U.K. These efforts show how we can use our network and relationships around the world to support commerce.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
 7
 EXPANDING THE AMERICAN EXPRESS NETWORK
American Express continued to expand its global footprint, adding new partners around the globe in 2013.
    Global Merchant Services helped grow American Express Card acceptance, signing Menards, a chain of family-owned home improvement stores in the U.S.; European airline Ryanair; and OXXO, a convenience store chain in Mexico with more than 11,000 locations.
Global Network Services signed new card-issuing partners, including Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank in the U.S., Barclaycard in the U.K., and Equity Bank in East Africa.
American Express was the exclusive financial services partner at the launch of the Samsung Wallet.

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
As for those newer ventures I mentioned earlier, we continued to build the customer base for Bluebird, our checking and debit alternative offered in partnership with Walmart; American Express Serve, our full-service reloadable prepaid account that helps consumers move and manage their money; and Loyalty Partner, our rewards coalition business. I will take a closer look at these efforts just ahead in this letter.
(RE)IMAGINATION
Great ideas endure. Fifty years ago, we put the “Member Since” date on the American Express Card. That feeling of membership, of belonging, of receiving special treatment has meant a lot to our customers through the years. Today, American Express is redefining what membership means and reinventing the company in the process. It goes to show that great ideas can always be made better.
With that in mind, we are taking stock of our assets and talents, retaining what’s best and adding new twists. Here are four examples of how we adapted our company and services during 2013 to create new advantages for our customers and to become a more welcoming and inclusive brand.
MAKING MEMBERSHIP MOBILE: I’ll start with how we’re making membership mobile—from personalized offers based on your spend graph to secure servicing via social tools. Here is how it could play out in the day of an AmEx customer:
7:45 am Pauline is running late. With the subway snarled, she takes a taxi to work in Brooklyn. She pays the fare using Membership Rewards points.
10:30 am Pauline remembers to settle up with her sister for the dinner bill last Saturday. She sends $50 from her Serve mobile app.
1:15 pm With the AmEx Mobile app on her iPhone, Pauline gets a $20-off offer for a fashion retailer where she loves to shop.
5:30 pm Time to go home. Pauline realizes she left her card in the taxi this morning. She tweets @AskAmex and will have it replaced within 24 hours.
 8

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
The example is fictional, but the capabilities are real. For instance,
we took one of our biggest assets, our Membership Rewards program, and invented a new way to deliver value to customers. Our mobile app now gives Card Members an easy way to use their points for practically any purchase, right on their mobile devices, once the charges appear on their statements. There is nothing else like it in the industry for flexibility and choice. About one out of every four Card Members who took advantage of this feature redeemed Membership Rewards points for the first time.
Other digital advances in 2013 enabled Card Members to make purchases directly on Twitter using hashtags, helped small business owners manage expenses using their smartphones, and provided real-time fraud alerts via text messages.
SERVING THE UNDERSERVED: Thinking differently also involves broadening our product set to reach new audiences. Take our efforts in the area of financial inclusion.
The current financial system is failing to meet the needs of millions of consumers. In the U.S. alone, nearly 70 million people are unbanked, underbanked or unhappily banked—frustrated by the hassles and hidden fees of the traditional system. The same is true in other countries around the world. A big opportunity exists to make moving and managing money easier and less expensive for those who need it most.
9
 BUILDING SCALE GLOBALLY
American Express broadened its product portfolio, adding millions of customers in 2013.
Expanded features on American Express Serve and Bluebird offered consumers efficient ways to move and manage their money.
Merchant coalitions in American Express’ Loyalty Partner business now offer more than 60 million consumers a way to earn points that can be redeemed for merchandise and special offers.
                    
                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
We have been putting the building blocks in place. Two years ago, we launched our Serve software platform with the simple idea that consumers needed a better way to move their money. Since then,
we have improved the technology that powers both Serve and Bluebird. This enabled us to add an array of new money management capabilities in 2013, including direct deposit, bill pay, mobile check capture, and a “set aside” account for savings.
It’s still very early in the life of these alternative payment products and we have a long way to go to build scale, but we are encouraged. Both Serve and Bluebird are making our brand more relevant and welcoming to younger customers who may not have considered American Express before. We’ve also seen a halo effect on existing Card Members—those who know about Bluebird rate us higher for brand attributes such as relevance, innovation and respect.
REACHING NEW CUSTOMERS: On the subject of reaching new customer groups, you might be surprised to know which part of our company has brought in the most new consumer relationships over the last three years. The answer is Loyalty Partner. When we acquired this loyalty coalition business in 2011, it had about 34 million customers. Three years later, that base has nearly doubled to 60 million people, most of whom did not have a prior relationship with American Express.
The heart of this business is a closed-loop network powered by data analytics. In each of the five countries where it operates, Loyalty Partner brings together multiple merchants to participate in a single loyalty program with a common rewards currency. Enrolled consumers can earn and redeem rewards from participating merchants, while
the merchants gain access to a powerful customer loyalty platform and analysis that can make their marketing efforts more effective. This model complements American Express’ strength in rewards management, deepens our relationships with merchants, and provides an additional path to growth in key international markets.
Operating under the brand name PAYBACK, we now have loyalty coalitions in Germany, India, Mexico, Poland and Italy. The Italy launch just took place in January of 2014. We plan to take PAYBACK to additional countries in the coming years.
10

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
UNLOCKING GROWTH POTENTIAL: My last example of transformation involves a change in one of our longest-standing businesses. In September, we announced plans to form a 50-50 joint venture to accelerate the growth of American Express Global Business Travel (GBT). The deal is subject to definitive agreements and regulatory approval.
The joint venture would bring added resources to develop new products, attract new customers and expand the business globally. Our partner, an investor group led by Certares, intends to invest between $700 million and $1 billion to help grow GBT. The new company would retain the American Express brand, as well as
its close connections with our commercial card business.
The business travel environment has been challenging, but our team has made much progress in lowering expenses while enhancing services. Forming the joint venture will help advance this progress and make GBT a next-generation travel management company.
DOING THE RIGHT THING
As much as we emphasize thinking creatively and moving quickly, our highest priority is doing things the right way. We are dedicated to strengthening our regulatory compliance program across the company.
The aim is not just to clean up errors after they happen, but to prevent them in the first place. We’ve made a great deal of progress integrating compliance reviews earlier and more completely into all of our business processes. We have also added compliance and operational risk managers across the company, and established a stand-alone
Risk Committee of our Board of Directors.
I can’t remember a day in the past two years when I didn’t talk about compliance with one or more of our employees. We take it that seriously. It would be foolish not to.
11

                CENTURION LOUNGES
Centurion Lounges opened in Las Vegas (LAS) and Dallas (DFW) airports, offering Card Members access to a variety of services and amenities. Entry to the lounges is complimentary for American Express Platinum and Centurion Card Members.
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
Case in point: Last December, we announced an agreement with regulators to pay substantial fines and customer refunds for marketing and billing practices involving certain credit card add-on products.
This product category has come under increased regulatory scrutiny across the card industry, and several card issuers have been hit with major fines. For our part, we cooperated with regulators and conducted our own internal reviews of the add-on products we offer. We identified most of the issues included in the settlement and reported them to
the regulators. We also stopped marketing the particular products in question—Identity Protect, Account Protector and Lost Wallet Protector (in Puerto Rico)—more than a year ago.
The fact that most of our customers did not use these products doesn’t matter. Anytime that American Express offers a product or service
to any customer, our reputation and relationships are on the line. Therefore, we must keep an absolute focus on meeting our compliance requirements and doing the right thing for our customers.
 12

                AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
WHAT’S NEXT
Over the past few years, we showed that we could weather a financial crisis and then grow in a stubbornly weak post-recession economy. Looking ahead, we aim to produce consistent growth over the long term.
We don’t have any special insights into where the economy is headed. There were some relatively encouraging signs as we entered 2014, but time will tell. With our financial strength and the flexibility built into our business model, I believe we are in a good position to benefit when the economy does improve.
Beyond economic uncertainty, we face many challenges. We need to stay ahead of intense competition in the payments industry from both traditional and potentially disruptive challengers. We have to adapt to
an evolving regulatory landscape. And we must continue to demonstrate the value that we provide to cost-conscious merchants.
I like our prospects. Our trusted brand sets us apart in an industry not known for trust. The direct relationships we have with many millions
of consumers and merchants—and our closed-loop network that connects them—put us at the heart of the commerce chain. Our world- class service infrastructure earns us precious customer loyalty.
Every day, we work hard to take these advantages to a higher level. Advanced data analytics, creative digital strategies, and flexible payments and commerce technologies—combined with our good, old-fashioned service ethic—are helping us get better and better at matching the right customers with the right value propositions at the right moments.
We want to lead in the digital age; to drive commerce; to provide meaningful value to customers around the world; and to continue to be a great place to work.
This is only the beginning. Sincerely,
KENNETH I. CHENAULT
Chairman & CEO
American Express Company February 25, 2014
  13
