3

Message to Shareholders

We've strengthened our position as an industry leader. The merger of FirstEnergy and Allegheny Energy expands our utility customer base by 35 percent, increases our generating resources by 70 percent, and creates more opportunities to grow our retail generation sales.
In addition, with our contiguous service areas and strategically located power plants, we have an ideal platform for creating operating efficiencies and delivering greater value to our shareholders. Our 10 utilities serve six million customers in six states, making FirstEnergy the largest electric system in the United States based on customers served. And, we control one of the nation's largest, cleanest and most diversified generating fleets ­ approximately 24,000 megawatts (MW) of capacity including nuclear, coal, natural gas, wind and pumped storage. The merger more than doubles our highly efficient, supercritical coal capacity, improves the overall environmental performance of our entire fleet, and increases the generation output we have available to sell at market-based prices by almost 40 percent. This larger, more efficient fleet also provides opportunities to grow our business as we expand into new markets with a stronger, more focused competitive operation. Through this combination, we're creating a premier regional energy provider ­ stronger, more flexible and better equipped to meet the challenges that lie ahead. And I'm confident our employees will deliver on the promise of the merger by working together to achieve a wide range of operating efficiencies and improvements.

Anthony J. Alexander
President and Chief Executive Officer

4

Producing Consistent and Sustainable Results

As we took steps to secure the necessary merger approvals, we continued to make solid progress in strengthening the performance of our business units and our overall financial position.
With completion of the Air Quality Compliance project at the W.H. Sammis Plant, we expect lower capital expenditures in the future. In addition, we produced $215 million in cash through the sale of the Sumpter Plant in Michigan and a 6.65 percent interest in the power generated by the facilities of the Ohio Valley Electric Corporation. And, we continue to evaluate opportunities to divest other non-core assets. We increased our liquidity by more than $400 million. We also completed a $350 million term loan agreement for Signal Peak, the Montana coal mine in which we have an equity investment, with the proceeds used to pay down our revolving credit facility. In addition, we refinanced or remarketed more than $700 million of pollution control revenue bonds and, importantly, generated approximately $3.1 billion in cash from operations. On the regulated side of our business, electricity deliveries increased nearly 6 percent in 2010 compared with the previous year, reflecting the moderate recovery of the economy and favorable weather. Deliveries to industrial customers were up 8 percent ­ primarily related to increased activity in the steel, automotive and related industries ­ and have recovered to about 90 percent of 2007's pre-recession levels. Residential usage was at its highest level in nearly a decade, primarily due to warmer-than-normal weather in the summer. We also achieved solid results for transmission and distribution reliability. In recognition of our

outstanding reliability performance, we received PA Consulting Group's 2010 ReliabilityOneTM Award in the Midwest Region. We're taking steps to further enhance the operational performance of our competitive generating fleet. For example, we announced plans to replace the reactor head at the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station during an outage scheduled for the fall of this year, accelerating the original replacement timetable by almost three years.

Employees at our Customer Contact Centers handled more than 10.8 million customer calls in 2010 ­ with three out of four customers rating the interactions as excellent.

In addition, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission accepted our application to renew Davis-Besse's operating license ­ an important step toward keeping this asset productive for years to come. We also lowered costs and enhanced our operating flexibility by reducing operations at our smaller, coal-fired plants located along Lake Erie. And, despite our best efforts to overcome a number of challenges, we cancelled plans to repower our R.E. Burger Plant with biomass. These actions were taken in response to the economy's impact on power markets.

In addition, we are nearing completion of our effort to consolidate our transmission operations into the PJM Interconnection. Recent filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission keep us on track to meet our June 1, 2011, target date. Safety remains a key priority in every facet of our business. Employees throughout our Company strive to achieve an accident-free workplace by taking personal responsibility for their safety as well as the safety of their coworkers. I'm especially proud of our Ohio Edison and Penn Power employees, who reached a significant safety milestone by working more than six million hours without a lost-time accident ­ among the best safety performances in our industry.

Building on this progress, FES continues to execute a competitive retail strategy that combines the strength of our low-cost, efficient fleet of power plants with a focused sales effort. The addition of the Allegheny Energy generating fleet further enhances our retail strategy by substantially increasing our available product and expanding the markets into which we can effectively and efficiently deliver that generation. With our generating plants located within or near these markets, we target customers whose usage is closely aligned with the capabilities of our generating fleet. Several recent initiatives also are expected to help us expand our customer base in 2011 and beyond. Working in partnership with ChamberChoice ­ a group purchasing firm representing more than 90 Pennsylvania chambers of commerce ­ FES has enrolled more than 8,000 chamber members in western Pennsylvania. In addition, FES is expanding into new markets outside our traditional utility service areas by acquiring retail customers in southern Ohio, Michigan and Illinois.

Pursuing Strategic, Generation-Backed Sales Opportunities
We continue to strengthen our competitive position as we grow our retail business.
During the year, our competitive subsidiary, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES), achieved a sixfold increase in the amount of electricity it sold to governmental aggregation groups ­ from 1.9 million megawatt-hours (MWH) to 12.8 million MWH ­ and more than doubled direct retail sales, primarily to industrial and commercial customers. FES is now one of the largest retail suppliers of electricity in the country.

(Above) A student works on de-energized lines at one of our Power Systems Institute (PSI) facilities. PSI trains the next generation of employees in line and substation work.

6

Successful Transition to Competitive Markets

We completed the transition to fully competitive retail markets for electricity in Pennsylvania.
In January of this year, Met-Ed, Penelec and our newly acquired West Penn Power utility began offering market rates for generation ­ set through wholesale power purchases ­ to customers who do not choose alternative suppliers. With this process now in place throughout our Pennsylvania service area, all of our utilities outside of West Virginia now offer customers market-based pricing for generation. In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission approved our three-year stipulated Electric Security Plan (ESP), which was supported by a broad coalition representing residential, business and low-income customers. Under this plan, the generation portion of electric rates for the period of June 2011 through May 2014 will be determined through a competitive bidding process. The first of these auctions occurred in October 2010 and the second took place in

January 2011. While base distribution rates will remain in place, the plan enables us to recover costs necessary to maintain and enhance our distribution system. In addition, the plan provides rate stability for customers, outlines support for energy efficiency, and encourages job creation and economic development in our communities.

At our new transmission system control facility in Fairmont, W.Va., dispatchers use state-of-the-art technology to monitor electric reliability.

7

Protecting the Environment

We continue to work to minimize the impact of our operations on the environment while meeting our customers' needs for safe, reliable electricity.
With the completion of our merger with Allegheny Energy, more than 80 percent of our fleet is nonemitting nuclear, low-emitting natural gas and scrubbed coal. And, with our hydroelectric, pumped-storage and wind resources, we have nearly 2,200 MW of renewable capacity available. We further enhanced the environmental performance of our generating fleet with the completion of the $1.8 billion retrofit of our W.H. Sammis Plant ­ one of the largest emission control projects in the United States. Due to the dedication and cooperation of employees, contractors, suppliers and local communities throughout the construction process, this award-winning environmental retrofit was completed on time and under budget.

The project was recognized as the industry's construction project of the year at the 2010 Platts Global Energy Awards and received honors from Power Engineering magazine. We also continue to pursue new sources of clean, renewable energy and other opportunities to meet our customers' energy needs in an environmentally sound manner. For example, in collaboration with Ballard Power Systems of Vancouver, British Columbia, we began a five-year test of a one-MW hydrogenpowered fuel cell located at our Eastlake Plant to better understand this technology's ability to provide power during periods of peak demand.

We announced plans to accelerate the replacement of the reactor head at our Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station in Oak Harbor, Ohio, to further enhance safe and reliable operations at the plant.

In addition, we recently agreed to purchase 100 MW of output from the Blue Creek Wind Farm ­ the first large-scale wind operation to begin construction in Ohio. By bringing our total amount of available wind power to nearly 500 MW, this project will strengthen our position as one of the largest providers of renewable energy in the region.
At our Eastlake Plant in Ohio, we began a multi-year test of the world's largest utility-scale fuel cell of its kind. Dubbed "megawatt-in-a-box," this mobile facility can provide peaking generation when and where it's needed most.

8

Meeting Future Challenges

We recognize that our Company and industry continue to face significant challenges, including current soft market prices for power, a slow economic recovery and uncertainty around environmental requirements.
In addition, renewable energy requirements that involve intermittent solar and wind generation will add complexity and expense to our operations. And, compliance with rigorous energy efficiency mandates will impose considerable costs on our customers and Company. However, I am confident we can address these and other challenges by remaining focused on safety, operational excellence and financial discipline. And, as we build on our dual platform of regulated and competitive businesses, we will create new opportunities for growth across the entire electric power value chain.

I'd like to thank the management teams and employees of FirstEnergy and Allegheny Energy for expeditiously completing our merger and building a stronger foundation for our Company. I look forward to the future as we bring the many benefits of the new FirstEnergy to our shareholders, customers and employees. Sincerely,

Anthony J. Alexander
President and Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2011

As a result of the merger, our operating companies have more resources available to provide mutual assistance following major storms.

