1

MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Your Company reached several major milestones in 2011. With the completion of our merger with Allegheny Energy, we became one of the nation's largest investor-owned electric systems based on 6 million customers served. We strengthened our balance sheet and reduced our debt-to-total-capital ratio to its lowest level in six years. And, we grew our competitive retail electric business ­ achieving a nearly 27 percent increase from the previous year in the number of customers served.

These and other initiatives place our Company in a stronger position to meet the challenges that lie ahead.

CONTINUED FINANCIAL PROGRESS
Our employees continue to pursue a wide range of opportunities that have resulted from our larger size and scope. In 2011, we captured approximately $270 million in annual merger-related savings, and we are taking advantage of additional efficiencies created by the merger. These synergies include eliminating duplicative contractual arrangements, restructuring combined credit facilities, and realigning our organization. Among many operational efficiencies and improvements related to the merger, we enhanced the performance of our supercritical fossil fleet and leveraged economies of scale in the sourcing of key supplies.

We also made significant progress in our efforts to divest non-strategic assets. We realized proceeds of more than $500 million from the sale of the Fremont Energy Center, $80 million from the sale of our Richland and Stryker plants, and nearly $260 million from the sale of a partial interest in the Signal Peak Coal Mine in Montana.

Employees build our new 500-kilovolt substation in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, which will help meet the area's growing demand for electricity.

The proceeds from these sales, together with the adoption of a new pension accounting method and debt restructuring initiatives, significantly strengthened our balance sheet. During the year, we reduced our total debt by $2.4 billion. As a result, debt as a portion of total capitalization dropped from more than 62 percent at the end of 2010 to 57 percent at the end of 2011, and we expect to reduce that to approximately 55 percent over time.

More important, these actions are helping us deliver solid value to our shareholders. In 2011, we were able to provide a total shareholder return of nearly 26 percent, which reflects our stock price performance and strong dividend.

Among other milestones, we completed the integration of our electric transmission subsidiary, American Transmission Systems, Inc. (ATSI), into PJM Interconnection. The move placed all of our transmission facilities ­ including those that formerly were part of Allegheny Energy ­ under one regional transmission operator. This helps ensure greater operating efficiencies and more effective long-term planning for our electric system.

In addition, we completed the Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line (TrAIL) ahead of schedule. This new 500-kilovolt line stretches more than 150 miles from southwest Pennsylvania through West Virginia to northern Virginia and is expected to improve the overall reliability of our region's electric system.

3

Our regulated utilities are seeing continued improvement in electricity deliveries to industrial customers, largely due to increased activity in the steel and automotive sectors and new projects related to the shale gas industry. However, growth is spotty in other segments of our regional economy, and overall distribution sales have not yet recovered to pre-recession levels. As a result, generation supplies within the region continue to exceed demand, and wholesale market prices for electricity have reached their lowest level in eight years.

2 million customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan, New Jersey and Maryland.

FES is now one of the nation's largest competitive electric suppliers. In addition, FES continues to participate in auctions in which suppliers compete to provide savings on electric generation to customers who choose not to shop. In each sales channel, we're pursuing a highly focused retail strategy that builds on the strength and diversity of our generating assets.

The success of FES is tied to the performance

GROWTH IN COMPETITIVE BUSINESS
On the competitive front, FirstEnergy Solutions (FES) continues to grow by expanding into new markets. We achieved a 61 percent increase in the amount of electricity sold to governmental aggregation groups, large- and medium-sized commercial and industrial customers, and through mass-market initiatives ­ including new campaigns designed to help us sign up retail customers for electric generation in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Illinois.

of our generating units. Our nuclear fleet delivered a solid performance, with our Beaver Valley Nuclear Power Station earning the American Nuclear Society's Utility Achievement Award for Best Performance. Our nuclear operations also benefited from the installation of a new reactor vessel head at the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station ­ a proactive measure that reinforces our commitment to the safe and efficient operation of that facility over the long term. In addition, we enhanced the performance of our supercritical coal facilities, improving equipment reliability and

During the year, we signed contracts with 40 communities offering the benefits of governmental aggregation to their citizens. We also initiated a residential pilot program that helped us add nearly 350,000 new customers in southern Ohio, western Pennsylvania and Illinois. As a result of these and other efforts, FES serves nearly

capacity factors across the fleet.

MEETING ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES
We also have a clean, environmentally sound generating fleet ­ a key advantage that is expected

4

to help us meet the challenge of more stringent regulations, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) and the pending Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR).

In 2011, we expanded our non-emitting energy portfolio by entering into agreements to purchase output from two large-scale renewable projects: the Blue Creek Wind Farm, the first major wind operation to begin construction in Ohio; and the Maryland Solar Farm, one of the largest solar

MATS will require significant capital investments in new environmental control equipment over a relatively short timeframe. Due to this mandate and other environmental regulations, we recently decided to retire certain older, less-efficient coal-fired power plants. Although the affected units comprise approximately 3,350 megawatts (MW) of generation, their use was limited by relatively high operating costs compared with other units in our fleet. These retirements are expected to be completed by September 1, 2012, pending review by PJM.

facilities planned to be built on the East Coast. As a result of these and other recent actions, we're now one of our region's largest providers of renewable energy, with more than 2,300 MW of hydro, pumped-storage hydro, wind and solar either operated by FES or under contract.

IMPROVING DISTRIBUTION RELIABILITY
Our regulated utility operations were challenged by several major storms in 2011, including two

Upon retirement of these units, nearly 100 percent of the power we generate will come from low- or non-emitting sources, including nuclear, natural gas, scrubbed coal and renewable energy ­ clearly positioning our fleet well for the future. Even so, environmental retrofits still will be required at our other coal units to meet the new MATS regulations. While our current estimated capital investment for these retrofits is about $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion, we continue to evaluate options that could further reduce our costs. And, with the retirement of our older coal-fired plants, we can focus our resources on the assets that should serve regional demand over the long term.

that caused unprecedented and widespread damage in New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania. In late August, Hurricane Irene passed directly across our Jersey Central Power & Light (JCP&L) service area, damaging 88 percent of its distribution circuits and knocking out power to 780,000 of JCP&L's approximately 1.1 million customers. The storm also disrupted service to more than 300,000 of our customers in Pennsylvania and Maryland. Less than two months later, a rare October snowstorm brought down nearly 800 poles and some 65 miles of wire, disrupting service to 820,000 customers served by our utility companies JCP&L, Met-Ed,

5

Penelec, West Penn Power, Mon Power and Potomac Edison.

We responded with the largest restoration effort in our Company's history, with 9,600 employees, contractors and other utilities' crews working to restore service following the snowstorm. Crews from other FirstEnergy utilities were quick to respond, underscoring the effectiveness of our mutual assistance efforts and the merger-related benefit of having more skilled workers available to move between operating companies when the need arises. With total damages of approximately $215 million, Hurricane Irene and the October snowstorm were the most expensive storms we've ever faced.

After major events such as these, we always look for ways to improve our ability to respond to future storms. And the enhancements we're putting into place will help us build on a service restoration process that has been recognized by the Edison Electric Institute as one of the best in our industry.

WELL POSITIONED FOR FUTURE SUCCESS
While we will continue to be tested by the slow economic recovery and more stringent environmental regulations, our people are up to the challenge. We have a disciplined, experienced management team dedicated to improving our
Crews worked around the clock to restore service after a rare October snowstorm caused extensive damage across our service areas in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland and West Virginia.

6

operational performance, reducing costs, and executing our strategies. And our employees have proven themselves at every step along the way ­ creating the solid foundation we've built on in recent years to make FirstEnergy an industry leader.

I'm confident we have the talent, expertise and creativity to meet the challenges that lie ahead and deliver even greater value to our shareholders and customers.

Sincerely,

ANTHONY J. ALEXANDER President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2012

Hatfield's Ferry Power Station in southwestern Pennsylvania is one of the highly efficient, supercritical coal assets we added through our merger with Allegheny Energy.

7

CORPORATE PROFILE
FirstEnergy is a leading regional energy provider headquartered in Akron, Ohio. Our subsidiaries and affiliates are involved in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, as well as energy management and other energy-related services. OHIO  Ohio Edison  The Illuminating Company  Toledo Edison PENNSYLVANIA Met-Ed Penelec  Penn Power  West Penn Power WEST VIRGINIA/MARYLAND  Mon Power  Potomac Edison NEW JERSEY  Jersey Central Power & Light GENERATION STATIONS FirstEnergy Solutions, our competitive subsidiary, is one of the nation's largest competitive suppliers, serving nearly 2 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Michigan and Illinois.   Coal Gas/Oil Wind Nuclear

Our 10 utility operating companies comprise one of the nation's largest investor-owned electric systems based on 6 million customers served within a nearly 65,000-square-mile area of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, New Jersey and New York.

Our generation subsidiaries control nearly 23,000 MW of capacity from a diversified mix of scrubbed coal, nuclear, natural gas, oil, hydroelectric, pumped-storage and contracted wind resources ­ including more than 2,300 MW of renewable energy. The Company's transmission subsidiaries operate nearly 20,000 miles of high-voltage transmission lines connecting the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions.

Hydro

8

Dear Shareholders: In 2011, FirstEnergy's management team and employees made significant progress in integrating Allegheny Energy, expanding the Company's competitive business, and strengthening its financial position. On behalf of your Board of Directors, I congratulate them for these accomplishments. Based on our confidence in your Company's future, the Board approved maintaining the annual dividend rate of $2.20. We will continue to review the dividend on a quarterly basis, in keeping with Board policy, as the Company pursues opportunities to enhance its financial performance. Your Board also is committed to maintaining the appropriate practices and policies that help ensure good corporate governance. On behalf of your Board, I would like to express our appreciation to recently retired director Jesse Williams for his leadership and counsel during his 20 years of distinguished service to FirstEnergy and its shareholders. I welcome Christopher Pappas and Donald Misheff, who were elected to serve on the Company's Board in September 2011 and January 2012, respectively. Chris, who previously served as a director of Allegheny Energy, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Styron LLC (Trinseo SA). Don retired as Managing Partner at Ernst & Young in December 2011. Both Don and Chris bring extensive financial and corporate experience to the Board. Your Board remains dedicated to representing your interests and enhancing the value of your investment. Thank you for your ongoing trust and support. Sincerely,

FIRSTENERGY BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Paul T. Addison
Retired, formerly Managing Director in the Utilities Department of Salomon Smith Barney (Citigroup).

Anthony J. Alexander
President and Chief Executive Officer of FirstEnergy Corp.

Michael J. Anderson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of The Andersons, Inc.

Dr. Carol A. Cartwright
Retired, formerly President of Bowling Green State University. Retired President of Kent State University.

William T. Cottle
Retired, formerly Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of STP Nuclear Operating Company.

Robert B. Heisler, Jr.
Retired, formerly Dean of the College of Business Administration and Graduate School of Management of Kent State University. Retired Chairman of the Board of KeyBank N.A.

Julia L. Johnson
President of NetCommunications, LLC.

Ted J. Kleisner
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hershey Entertainment & Resorts Company.

Donald T. Misheff
Retired, formerly Managing Partner of the Northeast Ohio offices of Ernst & Young LLP.

GEORGE M. SMART Chairman of the Board

FIRSTENERGY CORP. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Anthony J. Alexander**
President and Chief Executive Officer

Ernest J. Novak, Jr.
Retired, formerly Managing Partner of the Cleveland office of Ernst & Young LLP. Senior Vice President, External Affairs

Christopher D. Pappas
President and Chief Executive Officer of Styron LLC.

Catherine A. Rein
Retired, formerly Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of MetLife, Inc.

James H. Lash**

Mark T. Clark*

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

President, FirstEnergy Generation and Chief Nuclear Officer of FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Michael J. Dowling** James F. Pearson*

Lynn M. Cavalier** Donald R. Schneider

Vice President and Treasurer

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Leila L. Vespoli*

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

Harvey L. Wagner*

Charles E. Jones**

Senior Vice President and President, FirstEnergy Utilities

President, FirstEnergy Solutions and Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC

George M. Smart
Non-executive Chairman of the FirstEnergy Corp. Board of Directors. Retired, formerly President of Sonoco-Phoenix, Inc.

Wes M. Taylor
Retired, formerly President of TXU Generation.

* Also holds a similar position with FirstEnergy Service Company, FirstEnergy Solutions Corp., FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company, Allegheny Energy Service Corporation and Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC. **Holds a similar position with FirstEnergy Service Company and Allegheny Energy Service Corporation.

