MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We took a number of aggressive steps in 2013 to position your company for future growth. We reduced the size and shifted the mix of our competitive generating assets, ultimately creating a fleet that is more cost-effective, efficient and environmentally sound. We also decreased operating expenses and the size of our workforce by nearly 800 employees. And, we considerably lowered the capital requirements for environmental compliance. More important, we refocused our business to pursue more predictable and sustainable growth in our regulated operations. We expect much of this growth over the next several years to come from investments to upgrade and expand our transmission system, which comprises approximately 24,000 miles of lines. While these and other significant actions are helping us meet the challenges of a difficult economy, they have not been sufficient to offset the cumulative impact the recession has had on our balance sheet or earnings. For example, our distribution utility sales in 2013 were still lower than sales in 2007, the year before the economic downturn. This loss of sales over the past six years has reduced distribution revenues by approximately $1 billion. In addition, our utilities have yet to recover more than $1 billion in costs related to their response to unprecedented storm activity in 2011 and 2012. The recession also negatively impacted our competitive operations. Market prices for competitive generation in the past three years alone have dropped more than $20 per megawatt-hour (MWH), with 85 percent of that drop ­ the equivalent of over $2 billion in revenues ­ occurring since the end of 2011. The sustained and long-term effect of the recession, and its direct impact on our operations, undermined our ability to maintain the dividend at its previous level. As a result, in January of this year, your Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.36 per share of outstanding stock ­ an annual dividend equivalent of $1.44 per share. This level better reflects the economic realities we are now facing. The dividend change is expected to preserve a solid payment for our shareholders and provide the company with additional financial flexibility to pursue regulated growth opportunities.

1

Above: A helicopter guides high-voltage transmission lines onto towers that run from the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station in Oak Harbor, Ohio, to the new Hayes Substation in Sandusky. Right: One of two new 470-ton steam generators is offloaded at the Port of Toledo to be installed 2 at Davis-Besse to support its continued safe and reliable operation.

g RO W I N G OUR R E GU L A T E D UTI L ITY OP E R A TIO N S

As part of our repositioning efforts, we announced plans to expand our Energizing the Future initiative by making significant investments in our transmission system over the next several years. Some of these investments will involve advanced technologies designed to enhance system reliability and reduce maintenance costs. These projects also will take advantage of our ideal location as we expect to increase our load-serving capability in the Marcellus and Utica shale gas regions, where future economic growth is anticipated. Initial efforts focus on approximately 7,500 circuit miles of transmission lines to be evaluated and rebuilt as needed, as well as the renovation of 170 substations serving Ohio Edison, The Illuminating Company, Toledo Edison and Penn Power. We expect to expand the program as we continue to strengthen one of the nation's largest transmission systems. We're also improving the efficiency of our utility distribution system to meet the energy needs of our customers. For example, smart meter technologies show promise in improving customer service and reliability by providing faster restoration during major power outages and empowering customers to make more informed decisions about their energy use. We recently installed 25,000 smart meters within The Illuminating Company service area as part of a three-year pilot program launched in 2011. Information gathered from this pilot will help us develop cost-effective strategies to expand our smart meter implementation efforts in Ohio. In Pennsylvania, we plan to begin installing smart meters in the Penn Power service area later in 2014, and to expand that effort to nearly all of our 2 million customers in that state by 2019. We are encouraged by the ongoing development of shale gas resources and related businesses that should help us grow our industrial sales in the years ahead. Much of the Marcellus and Utica formations are located directly beneath FirstEnergy's service area ­ primarily across western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and West Virginia ­ and the full development of these resources could have a significant impact on the long-term growth of our service area.

Already, sales related to shale gas have resulted in 210 megawatts (MW) of new industrial demand and an additional 430 MW of planned expansions at customer facilities. Over the next two years, industrial sales are expected to increase by 4 percent, with opportunities for additional growth through 2018. We also should see increased commercial and residential growth related to these industrial expansions and a more robust overall economy.
PR E S E RVI N G V A L U E I N OUR C OMP E TITIV E BUSINESS

We continue to view our competitive business as a key aspect of our long-term strategy. Although we have been challenged by weak demand for power, low capacity payments and soft energy prices, we've responded by repositioning our competitive operations through several major steps taken during the year. We transferred ownership of our Harrison Power Station to our Mon Power utility ­ a move that will continue to provide our customers with cost-effective generation from this coal-based facility located in West Virginia. Due to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) and other environmental regulations, we reduced the size of our generating fleet by more than 2,000 MW by deactivating the Hatfield's Ferry and Mitchell power stations. In addition, we rebalanced the mix of our generating assets with the sale of 527 MW of competitive hydroelectric capacity in 2014. Following these and previously announced actions, our competitive fleet will total approximately 13,000 MW. While the size of our competitive fleet is about the same as it was before the merger with Allegheny Energy, it is now far more effective, efficient and environmentally sound. These transactions, combined with approximately $1.5 billion of debt reduction during 2013 at FES and Allegheny Energy Supply, have placed our competitive business in a better position to successfully navigate current and future market conditions. We've also reduced the amount of capital needed to support our generating fleet over the next several years by more than $1 billion, and continue to reduce our expenses by aggressively managing fuel, operating and maintenance costs.
3

As one of the largest retail energy suppliers in the U.S., FES remains focused on selectively growing its business across a variety of channels and customer groups. During the year, FES pursued highly targeted marketing strategies that increased its retail sales volume by 9 percent and its retail base by approximately 100,000 customers, bringing its total to more than 2.7 million customers. Although the realignment of our competitive generation assets and challenging retail markets are expected to result in lower sales over the near term, we will concentrate our marketing efforts on maintaining the highest-margin sales and channels. Consistent with our plans, we already have sales of more than 90 million MWH under contract for 2014, and
4

we're well-positioned to take advantage of any increases in market and energy prices through 2016. While we have taken significant and aggressive actions to reposition our competitive operations, we believe reforms in both capacity and energy market rules are needed. For example, in both markets, far too many regulated, subsidized and other favored resources are treated the same as competitive baseload assets. Unfortunately, some of those favored resources, such as intermittent renewables, cannot support the reliability of the grid, and others are allowed to compete but face none of the costs or risks associated with competitive markets. We will continue to work with key stakeholders to find a fair and equitable solution to these challenging issues.

Left: New low-pressure turbine rotors were installed to improve the reliability and efficiency of Unit 1 of our Beaver Valley Power Station in Shippingport, Pa. Below: An Ohio Edison crew member replaces a three-phase power bank as part of a service upgrade for a commercial customer in Akron.

p r o t ec t i n g t h e en v i r o n m en t

FirstEnergy is committed to enhancing the environmental performance of our plants and other facilities while meeting our customers' need for safe, reliable and affordable electricity. With the deactivation of a number of older coal-fired units and improvements in the efficiency of our nuclear units, we are reducing emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) across our fleet. Overall, we expect to achieve a 24 percent reduction in CO2 emissions below 2005 levels ­ significantly exceeding President Obama's goal of a 17 percent reduction in CO2 emissions by 2020, using the same 2005 baseline.

In addition, we remain on track to exceed benchmarks established by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's MATS and other environmental regulations while continuing to significantly reduce our expected capital investment for compliance. Our projected spend for MATS compliance is now $465 million, from an original projection of $2 billion to $3 billion. This is a direct result of the deactivation of certain plants and other cost-cutting measures. We now operate one of the cleanest and lowest-cost fleets in the U.S. As we complete our MATS compliance program and other current projects, nearly 100 percent of our power will be generated from non- or low-emitting sources.
5

PO S ITIO N E D F OR L O N G - T E RM GRO W TH

Our employees have overcome a number of significant hurdles in helping us reposition our company for longterm growth, and I'm confident of their ability to meet the challenges that lie ahead. Whether it involves enhancing the efficiency of our regulated utility operations, improving the productivity of our generating fleet or increasing profitable sales at FES, our employees are committed to safe operations and their company's success. And, we are confident that the diversity and flexibility of FirstEnergy's assets will continue to offer us the best opportunities to grow our business in the future.

Our team remains focused on achieving solid results in a difficult business climate and delivering greater value to our investors. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Anthony J. Alexander President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2014

Our new Akron Control Center in Ohio uses advanced technologies to monitor the transmission system 6 serving our electric utility operating companies.

PA

NJ OH MD

VA WV

c o r p o r a t e p r o f i le

FirstEnergy is a leading regional energy provider headquartered in Akron, Ohio. Our subsidiaries and affiliates are involved in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, as well as energy management and other energy-related services. Our 10 utility operating companies form one of the nation's largest investor-owned electric systems based on 6 million customers served within a nearly 65,000-square-mile area of Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland and New York. Our generation subsidiaries control nearly 18,000 megawatts (MW) of capacity from a diversified mix of scrubbed coal, nuclear, natural gas, oil, hydroelectric pumped-storage and contracted wind and solar resources ­ including nearly 1,900 MW of renewable energy. The company's transmission subsidiaries operate approximately 24,000 miles of transmission lines connecting the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions. FirstEnergy Solutions, our competitive subsidiary, is one of the largest retail energy suppliers in the U.S., serving more than 2.7 million residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Michigan and Illinois.

Ohio
Ohio Edison The Illuminating Company Toledo Edison

Generating Stations
Coal Gas/Oil Hydro Nuclear Wind Solar

Pennsylvania
Met-Ed Penelec Penn Power West Penn Power

West Virginia/Maryland
Mon Power Potomac Edison

New Jersey
Jersey Central Power & Light

7

d ea r s h a r e h o l d e r s :
In 2013, your management team and employees made significant progress in strengthening the company's financial position, preserving its competitive business, and controlling costs. As FirstEnergy repositions its business to achieve more sustainable growth, your Board of Directors continues to provide management with guidance on creating long-term value for its shareholders, customers and communities. Toward that end, the Board conducted a thorough review of the dividend and determined it was prudent to declare a new quarterly dividend of $0.36 per share to more closely reflect the expected earnings from the company's regulated businesses. While this was a difficult decision, we believe this action provides shareholders with a strong dividend and presents the best path forward for FirstEnergy. In keeping with our policy, the Board will continue to review the dividend on a quarterly basis as the company moves forward with its new strategic direction and pursues growth opportunities during the next several years. We also remain committed to ensuring your company has the appropriate corporate governance practices and policies in place. On a personal note, let me express my gratitude on behalf of your Board to Dr. Carol A. Cartwright, who is retiring from the Board as of the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. We are thankful for the leadership and guidance Dr. Cartwright has provided during her 22 years of distinguished service to FirstEnergy and its shareholders. I welcome Luis A. Reyes, who was elected to the Board in September 2013. Luis is a well-respected and seasoned nuclear industry veteran, with more than 36 years of experience in the field, including senior leadership positions at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Your Board appreciates your ongoing trust and support. We look forward to representing your interests and working with your management team to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead. Sincerely,

George M. Smart, Chairman of the Board

F i r s t e ne r g y b o a r d o F d i r ec t o r s

F i r st e ne rgy co r p. e x ecut i ve o ffi ce r S*
Anthony J. Alexander Leila L. Vespoli
President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Markets and Chief Legal Officer

Paul T. Addison

Retired, formerly Managing Director in the Utilities Department of Salomon Smith Barney (CitiGroup).

President and Chief Executive Officer of FirstEnergy Corp.

Anthony J. Alexander

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Andersons, Inc. (diversified agribusiness).

Michael J. Anderson

Dr. Carol A. Cartwright

William T. Cottle

Charles E. Jones

Retired, formerly President of Bowling Green State University. Retired President of Kent State University.

Retired, formerly Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of STP Nuclear Operating Company.

Executive Vice President and President, FirstEnergy Utilities

James H. Lash

President, FirstEnergy Generation

James F. Pearson Lynn M. Cavalier

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Donald R. Schneider Michael J. Dowling Robert B. Heisler, Jr. Julia L. Johnson Ted J. Kleisner Donald T. Misheff Ernest J. Novak, Jr.
Retired, formerly Managing Partner of the Cleveland office of Ernst & Young LLP.

President, FirstEnergy Solutions Senior Vice President, External Affairs

Bennett L. Gaines

Retired, formerly Dean of the College of Business Administration and Graduate School of Management of Kent State University. Retired Chairman of the Board of KeyBank N.A.

President of NetCommunications, LLC (regulatory and public affairs firm).

Retired, formerly Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hershey Entertainment & Resorts Company.

Retired, formerly Managing Partner of the Northeast Ohio offices of Ernst & Young LLP.

Senior Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Information Officer

K. Jon Taylor

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
* More detailed information on the principal occupation or employment of each of our executive officers and the principal business of any organization by which FirstEnergy Executive Officers are employed may be found on page 159 of this report.

President and Chief Executive Officer of Styron LLC (plastics, latex and rubber producer).

Christopher D. Pappas

Catherine A. Rein

Retired, formerly Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of MetLife, Inc.

Luis A. Reyes

Retired, formerly Regional Administrator of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

Non-executive Chairman of the FirstEnergy Corp. Board of Directors. Retired, formerly President of SonocoPhoenix, Inc.

George M. Smart

Wes M. Taylor
Retired, formerly President of TXU Generation.

8

