A MESSAGE TO OUR

Charles E. Jones

SHAREHOLDERS

President and Chief Executive Officer

We maintained a strong focus in 2015 on achieving more regulated, customer-focused growth for your company. Toward that end, we made significant investments to enhance the reliability and efficiency of our electric system. These included $986 million in targeted improvements during the year to our transmission system, and approximately $1.2 billion in capital upgrades that helped our regulated utilities continue to provide reliable service to customers. We also received approval on a forward-looking rate filing for our American Transmission Systems, Inc. (ATSI) transmission company, which will allow more effective and timely recovery of its system investments. Six of our regulated utilities received approval of settlements in distribution rate cases in 2015, and our rate case in New Jersey also was resolved, resulting in an overall revenue increase of $321 million. In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) is reviewing a settlement agreement with 17 key parties supporting our Electric Security Plan IV (ESP) for The Illuminating Company, Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison. The plan is expected to strengthen your company's financial position in the years ahead and is designed to provide significant benefits to our customers and communities ­ including more stable rates, a renewed emphasis on energy efficiency and renewable power, and strong support for economic development. The PUCO is expected to rule on the ESP by the end of March. We also expect to achieve $240 million in annual savings by 2017 through our Cash Flow Improvement Project ­ a comprehensive effort our employees conducted in 2015, and will closely monitor in the years ahead, to reduce expenses and enhance revenue throughout our operations. In addition, we continue to execute a more conservative strategy for our competitive generation business that minimizes risk while taking advantage of market opportunities.

1

GROWING OUR

REGULATED OPERATIONS
We're building a stronger energy system through our primary growth platform, Energizing the Future ­ an initial $4.2 billion investment in the long-term reliability of our transmission system that began in 2014 and runs through 2017. Spanning our entire transmission system, projects funded through the program are designed to meet the future energy needs of customers by adding resiliency to our bulk electric system, enhancing our facilities and equipment, and increasing physical and cyber security. Initial efforts primarily focused on the ATSI transmission system that encompasses the service areas of Ohio Edison, Toledo Edison, The Illuminating Company and Penn Power, with projects shifting eastward over time to include our other service areas. Work performed to date also has helped us identify $15 billion in additional opportunities across our 24,200-mile transmission system that will benefit customers through further reliability enhancements.
2

Among other projects, we're reinforcing our system to ensure grid reliability following the retirement of coal-fired power plants in our region. For example, since 2014, we've invested $500 million in transmission projects to support the deactivation of three of our power plants along Lake Erie. As part of this effort, we built a 119-mile transmission line from Beaver County, Pa., to our new Glenwillow substation in suburban Cleveland, as well as five new substations across portions of our Ohio service area. In addition, we're nearing completion of a transmission reinforcement project in Harrison County, W.Va., that involves the construction of a new substation and a 6-mile transmission line. The project is expected to enhance service reliability for approximately 14,000 customers in the northern portion of West Virginia. Given that our regulated footprint is aligned with some of the nation's richest shale fields, we're making investments through 2020 to support growth in midstream shale gas operations

throughout our service area, including planned expansions that are expected to create 600 megawatts (MW) of new industrial load. For example, we recently completed preliminary site work for a new substation near Smithfield, W.Va., that is expected to support new shale gas operations as well as enhanced service reliability for Mon Power customers. Over the past few years, shale gas development has accounted for approximately 500 MW of new load growth in our region. We remain committed to providing safe, reliable service to our utility customers. All of our utilities outperformed state requirements for SAIDI ­ an industrywide measure of the average outage duration for each customer served. In the critical area of safety, our companywide OSHA rate reached industry top-quartile performance in 2015. This reflects the great importance we place on safe work practices in every facet of our operations.

A crew member welds a stainless steel roof for one of three, 1 million-gallon water tanks for the dewatering facility under construction at our Bruce Mansfield Plant. The facility is needed to dispose of the plant's coal combustion byproducts following the scheduled closing of the Little Blue Run disposal site at the end of 2016.

CREATING A

SMARTER GRID
As part of our Energizing the Future initiative, we began investing in nearly 900 smart grid projects designed to make our transmission system more robust, secure and resistant to extreme weather events as well as cyber and physical attacks. These smart grid technologies have the potential to significantly improve our response time to outages by enabling more efficient service restoration. In addition, remote monitoring devices can proactively evaluate grid conditions and take corrective actions even before outages occur. We're also upgrading our transmission equipment with advanced technologies designed to enhance the reliability of our system and meet projected load growth in our region. We continued to move forward with our Pennsylvania smart meter program, installing more than 160,000 smart meters in our Penn Power service area by the end of 2015. Through this statemandated effort, we plan to deploy more than 2 million smart meters across our Pennsylvania service area by mid-2019. Although smart grid technologies can be costly, we're receiving full recovery of our investments in Pennsylvania's smart meter program ­ and we will explore similar programs in other states that allow recovery of these costs. In fact, as part of our proposed ESP, we filed a plan to evaluate smart meter and smart grid technologies across our Ohio service area, subject to PUCO consideration and approval.

MEGAWATT-HOURS OF CARBON-FREE ELECTRICITY GENERATED BY OUR THREE NUCLEAR POWER STATIONS IN 2015
3

32 MILLION

NEARLY

ENSURING FAIR AND

AFFORDABLE RATES
We made significant progress during the year in our efforts to strengthen earnings by ensuring fair, appropriate and timely recovery of our transmission and distribution investments. In October, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) approved a settlement agreement for a forward-looking rate structure for ATSI, which owns and operates nearly 7,800 miles of transmission lines. This agreement provides more timely recovery of transmission investments that are essential to ensuring the future reliability of our service. FERC also approved a plan to transfer the transmission assets owned by three of our operating companies ­ Jersey Central Power & Light (JCP&L), Met-Ed and Penelec ­ to a new affiliate, MidAtlantic Interstate Transmission (MAIT). Similar to our existing ATSI and TrAILCo transmission companies, MAIT will help us more effectively finance and build transmission facilities within our Met-Ed, Penelec and JCP&L service areas while providing stronger support to our Energizing the Future initiative as it expands eastward. Although the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (BPU) rejected one of the plan's provisions, it continues to review the remainder of the proposal. We also filed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PPUC) for approval of MAIT. Approval of our Ohio ESP by the PUCO would be an important step in our efforts to protect customers from future price volatility. The plan includes a rider that reflects the difference between the cost of an eight-year Purchased Power Agreement (PPA) and our Ohio utilities' associated wholesale market revenues. The PPA supports the continued operation of two of our critical baseload power plants ­ the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station and the W.H. Sammis Plant ­ which would preserve more than $41 million in annual tax revenues and an estimated 3,000 direct and indirect jobs related to those facilities. Although the PPA has been challenged at FERC, we will continue to advocate for the plan's many benefits in that proceeding. In February of 2016, the PPUC approved long-term infrastructure improvement plans for our four Pennsylvania utilities, supporting a projected increase in capital investment of nearly $245 million over the next five years to strengthen, upgrade and modernize our distribution systems in the state. The four utilities also filed rate riders that, with PPUC approval, would facilitate recovery of these investments.

Our competitive subsidiary, FirstEnergy Solutions, contracts for renewable energy from the 35-MW Casselman Wind Power Project located in Somerset County, Pa.

MEGAWATT-HOURS PER YEAR OF WIND GENERATION

1 MILLION

PROVIDE MORE THAN

4

LOWERING RISK IN OUR

COMPETITIVE BUSINESS
We continue to execute a conservative sales and generation strategy that offers less risk to the company. To achieve this goal, our FirstEnergy Solutions subsidiary continued to restructure its sales portfolio to reduce our exposure to weather-sensitive demand and ensure we don't sell more power than we produce. A larger portion of our generation is kept in reserve to minimize our financial risk when energy prices increase and ensure power is available to sell when market conditions are favorable. We're maintaining our support of governmental aggregation and other higher-margin sales while pursuing wholesale opportunities that align with our generation portfolio. We also remain committed to economically dispatching our fleet and operating our units with greater flexibility. FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company (FENOC) reached a significant milestone in 2015 when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved a 20-year license extension for the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station, allowing the unit to operate until 2037. In addition, improved reliability and outage execution enabled FENOC to produce approximately 1 million megawatt-hours over its original plan for the year, further improving commodity margin. PJM Interconnection's new Capacity Performance product had a positive impact in more properly valuing essential and highly reliable baseload generating resources. Capacity auctions held in August and September of 2015 are expected to improve revenues by $1.1 billion from June 2016 through May 2019. However, markets continue to fall short of reflecting the true cost of operating our baseload power plants.

MEETING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL
In 2015, we continued to make progress to improve the environmental performance of our operations. Our proposed Ohio ESP includes a goal to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by at least 90 percent below 2005 levels by 2045 ­ exceeding President Obama's goal of achieving economywide reductions of 80 percent or more by 2050. The Clean Power Plan called for individual states to develop plans for meeting the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's state-specific emission reduction goals. However, on Feb. 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a petition from 27 states and other stakeholders to halt enforcement of the Clean Power Plan's final rule until after all legal challenges are resolved. FirstEnergy submitted extensive comments before the rule was finalized, and we're continuing to engage federal and state policymakers on issues related to our ongoing efforts to ensure the availability of clean, reliable and affordable energy resources for customers.

COMMITMENTS

5

We've also made the significant investments needed to comply with the EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards and other requirements, and we will continue to invest in our fossil fleet to help maintain reliable and affordable supplies of power for customers as we make the transition to a cleaner energy future.

$

IN PLANNED TRANSMISSION INVESTMENTS FROM 2014 THROUGH 2017

4.2 BILLION

SETTING A COURSE FOR

THE FUTURE
I'm proud of what our employees have accomplished, and I'm confident they will help us succeed in the future by continuing to provide customers with the level of service they expect and deserve. We're pursuing the right strategy for your company. By achieving solid performance across our three business sectors ­ distribution, transmission and generation ­ and remaining focused on meeting our customers' immediate and long-term energy needs, we can deliver more sustainable growth and greater financial stability for FirstEnergy in the years ahead. Thank you for your support as we work to achieve continued success for your company.

Charles E. Jones President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2016

6

