March 16, 2010

To Our Stockholders: The last 18 months will be remembered as one of the most momentous periods in our company's history. We weathered a deep recession, remaining solidly profitable and maintaining our investment grade credit rating. And, earlier this year, we announced a merger agreement with FirstEnergy Corp., creating a premier energy company with more than six million customers in seven states and 24,000 megawatts of generating capacity. It's truly been a remarkable time for Allegheny! 2009 Review 2009 was a challenging year. The recession impacted both our regulated and merchant generation businesses. At Allegheny Power, demand was down 5%, with sales to industrial customers off 12%. The weak demand hurt our merchant generation business, as did a 56% drop in natural gas prices, a 44% decline in power prices, and sharply lower results from PJM's annual capacity auction. Despite these setbacks, adjusted net income increased by $6 million. The increase was due to better results from regulated operations, reflecting improved cost recovery in Virginia and income from transmission expansion. We executed well on our 2009 priorities. We had "best-ever" performance in safety and customer service reliability, managed our transition to market rates in Pennsylvania, kept a major transmission expansion project on track, completed our scrubber projects on time and under budget, and reached an agreement to sell our Virginia distribution assets. Here are some of the highlights of 2009: Financial: We continued our success in controlling costs, holding operations and maintenance expenses virtually flat for the fourth year in a row! Recognizing the need to maintain financial strength and flexibility, we refinanced over $840 million of debt, increased our credit facilities, and extended maturities. Transmission expansion: Our Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line remains on schedule for completion in June 2011. Construction has begun on all segments of the line, with nearly 50% of the structures in place and both substations nearly complete. As for our second transmission project, the Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline, we expect PJM to set a revised in-service date later this year. Regulatory: We reached constructive settlements regarding recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in West Virginia and Virginia. In Pennsylvania, where our rates are scheduled to go to market next year, we have now procured about two-thirds of the 2011 power needs of our residential customers. As a result, these customers can expect to see only a small increase in their monthly electric bills in 2011 when rate caps expire. Turning to 2010, we expect a slow economic recovery. Therefore, we will continue to control costs and conserve cash. In addition, we will focus on resolving our West Virginia rate case, completing the Virginia sale, and keeping the Pennsylvania transition to market on plan and the multi-state transmission projects on schedule. FirstEnergy Merger Of course, another top priority will be to obtain regulatory approvals for the merger with FirstEnergy, something we expect to take a year or more. Bringing together two strong companies with adjacent service territories and similar cultures, this combination is a perfect fit from a strategic standpoint. The merger will diversify our fuel mix by adding nuclear plants to our generation fleet ­ something we never could have done on our own. With less dependence on coal, your investment will be less exposed to the risk of carbon legislation or onerous environmental regulations. I am confident that coal will play a key role in meeting the region's energy needs for decades to come. But with 95% of our generation currently fueled by coal, it is

in shareholders' best interests to hedge downside risk in this area. And importantly, we'll maintain our upside leverage to an economic recovery and the higher power prices that should accompany it. This will be a large company with a solid balance sheet and strong cash flows. It will have the financial scale, strength, and capital to invest in core business initiatives while pursuing growth opportunities that neither company would have standing alone. And the combined company's increased size and scope should create opportunities for efficiencies of all kinds. The merger also provides the potential to expand our retail marketing reach. With our combined customer base, we will have a significant presence in the region. In addition to strategic benefits, this stock-for-stock transaction offers substantial upfront value for Allegheny stockholders. You will receive a 32% premium for your shares, based on both stocks' closing prices at the time of the merger announcement, and can expect a substantial dividend increase based on FirstEnergy's current practice. A special vote of our stockholders will be held later this year. However, until the merger is completed, we will concentrate on running our core business and achieving our 2010 priorities. In Closing I want to thank our management and employees for their hard work and dedication. I also wish to acknowledge you, our stockholders, for your loyalty and patience during a turbulent year. With all we have accomplished, and the many benefits of the FirstEnergy merger, Allegheny is positioned for a successful future. Thank you for your support.

Sincerely,

Paul J. Evanson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

