To our Customers, AutoZoners and Stockholders,
Fiscal 1998 will be remembered as the year AutoZone took the lead in industry consolidation. ALLDATA was our only major acquisition entering the year, but we ended with three new acquisitions on the books. We bought these companies with the intention of either boosting our customer base or reaching an entirely new segment of the parts market. We took a very strategic approach to potential purchases. In fact, we turned down opportunities that didn' t meet the criteria and value we needed. Here's an overview of this past year's acquisitions: * Auto Palace with 112 stores in six states on February 17, 1998 * TruckPro with 43 stores in 14 states on May 1, 1998 * Chief Auto Parts with 560 stores in five states on June 29, 1998 Specifically: * Sales rose 20% to $3.24 billion * Comparable store sales increased by 2% * Net income increased 17% to $228 million

Our internal growth plans remain on track as well. Acquiring nearly 700 net stores did divert some resources, but we still opened 275 net new AutoZone stores during the year. We also entered six new states and the District of Columbia during FY98. Next year we plan to open 225 net new AutoZone stores while also remodeling and converting the Chief stores. While DIY customers will continue to drive our core business, we' ve begun tapping markets that offer new opportunities for sales. These will become our future legs for growth.

We' re pleased to say we completed these The commercial business was an early taste President Tim Vargo and Chairman John Adams acquisitions without sacrificing our focus on of this. While we' ve only been selling to the core business. Concentrating on a more professional accounts for two years, we' ve efficient operation and our trademark customer service continues already become one of the top five wholesalers in the country. Of to show strong returns on earnings. Sales, despite the dreaded course we' re not satisfied with that. Learning better ways to El Niño and a winter that didn' t take place, kept pace with the serve the professional technician is a daily process that shows growth we' ve seen in past years. lots of opportunities.
2

TruckPro is another business that will help support our growth. The heavy-duty truck parts industry is large and fragmented. If this sounds familiar, it should. These are characteristics that described the DIY market back when AutoZone first took the industry by storm. The international auto parts market is without a big-name player. And while we' re careful to study each potential country individually, many have some very attractive qualities in common. Lots of old cars and trucks. Emerging economies that give families the opportunity to own their first vehicles and very few places to get parts for those vehicles. And the incredible number of big trucks on the roads outside of our borders presents another avenue of

growth for our TruckPro business. These new ventures plus the continued growth of our store base offer greater opportunities to leverage our systems and buying power. As we approach the year 2000, we' re making diligent efforts to see that our computer systems will make that transition smoothly. We' re also working with a number of business partners, including external consultants, insurers, vendors and financial institutions to address Y2K related issues. If you' re interested in more details about this plan, see the financial section in this annual report. We' ve been challenging the status quo for 19 years and being the industry leader hasn' t changed that strategy. In fact, our position in the industry took a giant leap forward this year. Our acquisitions added stores and market share, but more importantly they added talented people. AutoZone is now 38,000 people strong, and they are the driving force behind the most efficient operation in auto parts.

John Adams Chairman & CEO Customer Satisfaction

Tim Vargo President & COO Customer Satisfaction

3

