         Letter to Shareholders
Cash generation and conversion continued
to demonstrate strength. Free cash flow, our operating cash flow less capital expenditures, was $180 million, up 24%, and our “free cash flow to net income” conversion ratio was 110%.
Strategic Acquisitions and Capital Deployment
During 2018, we spent $57 million in capital expenditures, about half of which were targeted toward programs supporting growth. These investments support our innovation initiatives and allow us to expand our differentiated industrial technologies into adjacent markets and applications.
In addition, we returned over $170 million of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With respect to dividends, the Company has paid a cash dividend to stockholders on a continuous basis since 1934, which is an important aspect of our capital deployment priorities. As such, we have increased our quarterly dividend six times in the last eight years.
Acquisitions remain a critical component of our growth strategy, and we’ve actively demonstrated our commitment to reshaping the portfolio
for long-term success. During the year, Barnes Group further invested in differentiated industrial technologies and intellectual property-based businesses with two strategic acquisitions.
In July, we acquired Industrial Gas Springs (“IGS”), a designer, manufacturer, and supplier of customized gas springs for end markets which include general industrial, transportation, aerospace, and medical. IGS was integrated into our Nitrogen Gas Products (“NGP”) strategic business unit, where its complementary and
  Patrick J. Dempsey
President and Chief Executive Officer
Thomas O. Barnes
Chairman of the Board
  Powering Performance Excellence
Barnes Group delivered a very successful 2018, with excellent financial performance and setting many records across the Company. We made considerable progress
on our transformational journey to position Barnes Group as a leading global provider of highly engineered products, differentiated industrial technologies, and innovative solutions. We invested a healthy level of capital in our businesses to support growth opportunities in both segments, and as always, we leveraged our Barnes Enterprise System (“BES”) to improve business processes and generate advancements in Commercial, Operational, and Financial Excellence – ultimately “Powering Performance Excellence” throughout the organization.
Financial Performance
2018’s financial performance was strong and set numerous milestones. We achieved record orders, revenues, and operating profit, grew adjusted operating margins, and ended the year with a backlog near all-time highs. Full year revenues grew 4%, while organic sales were up 2%. Adjusted operating margins increased 90 bps to 16.0%, and adjusted earnings per share grew to $3.22, up 12% from last year.
6
          
                                       diversified end markets and strong customized product application engineering allow Barnes Group to scale and broaden NGP’s technology portfolio and customer base.
In a related move, we realigned our Associated Spring RAYMOND (“RAYMOND”) business from the Engineered Components strategic business unit into NGP. RAYMOND provides engineering, expertise, and customized solutions for motion control, pressure and vibration, and other applications.
With these changes, and given the broader solutions focus of the combined business, we have formed a new strategic business unit called “Force & Motion Control.” As such, Force & Motion Control is a leader in the development of gas springs, gas-hydraulic suspensions, and precision custom struts providing innovative force and motion control solutions to customers in a wide range of metal forming and other industrial end markets.
Looking to repeat the playbook that helped us build Molding Solutions, we acquired Gimatic in October.
As a leading player in the fragmented market of mission-critical robotic tooling solutions, Gimatic designs and develops robotic grippers, advanced end-of-arm tooling systems, sensors, and other automation components in end markets such as healthcare, packaging, transportation, and food & beverage. Gimatic is a strong strategic fit for Barnes Group and well-aligned
with our strategy of expanding our offerings of differentiated
industrial technologies and intellectual property-based solutions.
With rising labor costs and greater affordability of robotics, Gimatic’s customized mission-critical systems directly benefit from
a large and growing global
installed base of over two million
industrial robots. As demand for
industrial automation and robotic
technologies continues to rise
within the global industrial sector,
we are excited about the potential for increased long-term profitable growth.
While acquisitions have been the transformational route for our Industrial segment, for Aerospace we continue to invest organically in the next generation of aircraft and key aftermarket opportunities. During the second quarter, we entered into a scope expansion of our existing Revenue Sharing Program (“RSP”) agreements to cover dual use parts for the CFM56 and CF6 engine families – that is, parts that have both a military and commercial application,
a nice add to a profitable and growing part of our aftermarket business.
We believe our capital
deployment actions
represent a prudent
balance of investment
in the business and return
of cash to shareholders.
At the same time, our balance
sheet remains very healthy, with sufficient capacity and flexibility to continue value generating capital deployment in 2019.
7
             
          Leveraging BES to Power
Performance Excellence
Ongoing investments in BES and our strategic enablers of Innovation and Talent Management were instrumental in enabling us to achieve our goals. Throughout
the year, emphasis was placed on standardizing our business processes to drive Commercial, Operational, and Financial Excellence across the enterprise. By continuously leveraging the Barnes Enterprise System
to “Power Performance Excellence,” it will allow us to excel at selling, delivering, and realizing the value we bring to the marketplace.
Innovation
As Innovation is a core aspect of BES, we advanced
our enterprise-wide Innovation efforts with a spotlight on intellectual property in 2018. At Aerospace, we enhanced our competitive position by leveraging advanced machining techniques using program optimization software and automation, employing smart machine technology in our fabrication manufacturing, and developing new products using additive manufacturing with one of our key customers. At Industrial, smart connected factory projects have been implemented to leverage digitalization and increase asset utilization and productivity.
8
Talent Management
Our Talent Management program continues to develop and expand the skills of our existing
and future team members. In 2018, we formally launched our Self-Empowered Mentoring Program and piloted our employee engagement “Pulse Survey” process at select sites around the globe. In addition, we amplified our efforts in attracting and recruiting the next generation of talent through our “Manufacture Your Dreams at Barnes” campaign. This global initiative promotes Barnes Group’s apprenticeship programs to the next generation of future workers, educating them on the benefits and the exciting, viable career paths within manufacturing.
Co
Ac bei co an em wa val an
At co in acc fro the in Gr ed he 20 sch hel for em Wa mo the its i
              r
n m d
p y
u d
B m n
m
1 o u a 0
p
p y

          t e
Corporate Social Responsibility
A cornerstone of our culture is the importance of being a responsible corporate citizen. We have a commitment to preserve and protect the environment and to promote and maintain a safe workplace for our employees. We continually identify and implement ways we can benefit the environment and create value for our stakeholders while we execute our vision and strategy within our businesses.
Powering Forward
For 162 years, Barnes Group has exhibited the ability to adapt to change and to continuously reinvent itself. This critical capability is required
in a business world that is moving at an ever-increasing speed and where technology advancement occurs without pause. Our adeptness to adjust helps us deliver solid near-term results while building for the long term, all with a steadfast adherence to Company values.
We are truly excited about 2019 and what the future holds as we continue to build a world-class company. Our determination to create long-term, profitable growth for Barnes Group and superior value for our customers has never been stronger.
Lastly, on behalf of our Board of Directors and our 5,900 employees around the world, we
wish to extend our sincerest appreciation to our customers, shareholders, and suppliers for their continued confidence and trust in Barnes Group.
Patrick J. Dempsey
President and Chief Executive Officer
Thomas O. Barnes
Chairman of the Board
References to adjusted results are non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation to the appropriate GAAP measure, see the GAAP reconciliation on page 10.
t At Barnes Group, we also believe in the power of es communities and are committed to helping those
in need in the local areas in which we operate. We accomplish this not only through financial support from the Barnes Group Foundation but also through the active volunteerism of our employees. Founded in 1945 and funded by Barnes Group, the Barnes Group Foundation is committed to the support of education, the arts, civic and youth activities, and health-related charities in our communities. Since 2000, the Foundation has supported more than 400 schools, cultural centers, and health-related charities, helping to ensure a legacy of community involvement for the future. As an example, the Company and its employees have contributed over $4 million to United Way over the past eight years, assisting United Way’s more than 1,300 member organizations. In addition, the Company supports charitable contributions across its international locations.
   Making Our World
A Better Place
2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Report
9
        y
n h
a t
