   TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Barnes Group Inc. had a strong year in 2006. Through continued focus on engineered components, superior manufacturing capabilities and innovative logistic services, we achieved the highest sales and earnings in our nearly 150-year history. We also strengthened existing competitive positions, opened opportunities in new markets and built a significantly more powerful global presence through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. We are extremely proud of our employees, worldwide, for their contributions to our success. Together, we delivered for our customers and stockholders, alike.
HIGHLIGHTS
We continued to build sales momentum during 2006, with revenues of $1.3 billion, growth of 14 percent over 2005 and quarter- over-quarter double-digit sales increases continuing for the 16th consecutive quarter. Importantly, more than one-third of our sales were outside of the U.S., with an increasing level of U.S.-based sales going to global customers. As a result, our participation in the global economy continues to have an ever-greater impact on our opportunities and successes. We realized substantial growth in operating income and net income (57 percent and 54 percent, respectively, on an adjusted basis), propelled by organic and acquisition growth and continued operational improvements. More than half of our profits were generated outside the U.S. and Canada by 12 international manufacturing facilities and a distribution business that reaches a customer base in more than 40 countries.
Added Stockholder Value
Our financial results continued to drive our stock price upward, which, coupled with our dividend, yielded a 35 percent return for Barnes Group stockholders.
Our stock once again outperformed the benchmark small capitalization indices – Russell 2000 and S&P 600 – and the broader stock indices – DJIA and S&P 500. Our stock market capitalization also exceeded $1 billion for the first time in Company history.
Barnes Group’s robust operational and financial performance, as well as our sound financial position and balance sheet, enabled us to take new steps to
deliver added value to our stockholders. We completed a two-for-one stock split, paid as a 100 percent stock dividend, which provided added liquidity for our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.125 per share on a post- split basis. The new annual dividend of $0.50 per share is a 14 percent increase over the prior level, which followed
an annualized increase of 10 percent in 2005. The Company has paid cash dividends to stockholders on a continuous basis since 1934.
Solid Organic Growth and Expansion
Our businesses continue to focus on strategies to strengthen our organic
growth outlook. During 2006 we generated a solid 7 percent increase in organic growth. We focused our efforts on bolstering existing customer relationships by continuing to provide high-quality engineered products and innovative logistic services in efficient and timely ways. We also made strides on strategic business rationalization and expansion into Asian markets.
To position the Company for more organic growth opportunities, Associated Spring’s Barnes Precision Valve business expanded existing capacity in North and South America, and expanded its Asian presence by establishing manufacturing operations in Singapore. Barnes
 3
  
   Precision Valve’s existing international footprint and global customer base, along with Barnes Group’s quarter- century presence in Asia, smoothed the entrance into Singapore and quickly opened a new opportunity for growth.
Barnes Distribution’s Raymond division expanded operations into China with the opening of a dedicated office and distribution center in the Pudong New District of Shanghai. The new facility will service the growing market for close-tolerance components, such as industrial mechanical springs and mechanical struts.
Barnes Aerospace expanded its operations in Singapore with the opening of its third facility. This new manufacturing operation, in one of the major aviation centers in Asia, adds to our worldwide capacity and capitalizes on our existing technical expertise and resources to better service our aerospace customers around the globe.
As we move forward, our organic growth will be profit-focused and complemented by our rigorous acquisition strategy.
Strengthened Globalization
through Acquisitions
During 2006, we continued to embrace globalization through acquisitions of differentiated, well-run businesses with superior manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
Heinz Hänggi GmbH, in Bettlach, Switzerland, joined Associated Spring and became our largest acquisition to date. Heinz Hänggi is a developer and manufacturer of intricate, high-precision fine-blanked and punched industrial components. Its skilled employees and demonstrated commitment to innovation and outstanding manufacturing technology complement Associated Spring’s growing product scope and geographic presence.
Associated Spring also acquired the assets of the Nitropush® brand and
its line of gas spring products. This acquisition reinforces our technological leadership position in the nitrogen gas product arena and enhances our global product offerings by providing greater penetration into the growing European market for nitrogen gas systems.
Associated Spring’s acquisitions continue to positively change the complexion of its operations. We are intensely focused on providing precision components for critical applications within the industrial manufacturing market sector. Our focus on highly engineered custom solutions positions this segment for continued profitable growth and expansion.
Barnes Distribution significantly expanded its global reach when it acquired KENT, a specialty distributor in Europe. KENT has operations in nine European countries and has distributor
relationships in 22 additional countries. The acquisition adds approximately $70 million of international sales, or approximately 15 percent, to Barnes Distribution’s annualized revenues and gives the Barnes Distribution business a stronger mix of domestic U.S. and international sales. KENT also provides a highly successful European organization and leadership team that can leverage our full-service maintenance, repair, operating and production (MROP) solutions across Europe.
Barnes Aerospace’s scale and scope in manufacturing complex components were the key factors in winning a long- term, multi-program agreement with Goodrich Corporation’s Aerostructures division. The agreement increases Barnes Aerospace’s content on the Boeing 787, a key strategic platform, with parts on both the GEnx and Trent 1000 engines. It also adds new content on the Trent 700 that powers the Airbus A330, and on the V2500 engine that powers the Airbus A318, A319, A320 and A321 aircraft.
Barnes Aerospace continued to diversify and strengthen its long-term outlook by entering into additional aftermarket revenue sharing programs (RSPs). These strategic alliances provide the exclusive right to supply certain aftermarket parts for the life of two of the most widely used engines, the CFM56
for narrow-body and CF6 for wide- body commercial aircraft.
4

     HONORING OUR LEGACY, BUILDING LASTING VALUE
As we enter 2007 and celebrate our 150th anniversary, we are certainly honoring our heritage, but more importantly, we are building lasting value. Our Company has transformed itself from a U.S.-focused business to an international enterprise, and we will continue to embrace globalization by leveraging our presence in more than 65 locations around the world. We’re proud of our roots, and of our adaptability and responsiveness. Our proven ability to meet new challenges is an essential part of our long history and positions us to continue to deliver profitable growth through enhanced operational performance and
global competitiveness.
We are committed to developing
new strategies in world markets and identifying scalable processes that can help us eliminate waste and reach higher levels of operating efficiency. And, perhaps most importantly, we strive to attract, develop and retain top talent at all levels of the organization to power our progress. This is the Barnes way of doing business. It is a business model that adapts and advances and one
that has been our legacy for 150 years.
As we evolve our culture and behaviors that drive continuous improvement, we will build on our traditional hallmarks:
employee involvement, process efficiency, strategic positioning and unfailing integrity.
Our employees are the foundation for our improvement. We will increase our investments in training, education and personal development, to
create a learning organization that embraces globalization and generates constant improvement.
As the Company begins its next 150 years, we will honor its legacy with a renewed pledge to provide technology innovation and service excellence, and a new commitment to “lean” operating methods. We will provide our people with fresh tools and techniques to eliminate waste, improve operations and enhance quality – building blocks in a strong platform for continued revenue and earnings growth.
We will work continuously to hone our strategy to meet changing business demands. We believe that our people, our processes and our strategy will provide the best path to realizing value for you, our stockholders.
An Outlook of Opportunity
We do business with businesses. For customers looking for high-quality, precision components and custom
engineering from a company with a global perspective, Barnes Group, with its superior engineered products and innovative logistics services,
has historically surpassed their expectations and positively impacted their performance and bottom lines. Our opportunity is to do what we do well, even better.
We have a long, prosperous and cherished history, but we are most excited about our future. In 2006,
we set records, exceeding even our own high expectations. While we are pleased with our results, we are
not satisfied with our success. We recognize that continued profitable growth requires long-term investments and hard work. In 2007, we look forward to utilizing our financial success, our market-leading know- how and our disciplined approach
to create even greater value for our customers and our stockholders.
Thomas O. Barnes CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Gregory F. Milzcik PRESIDENT & CEO
  5
