 Letter to Our Shareholders
Sound Strategy & Solid Execution Deliver Financial Results
During 2016, Barnes Group significantly advanced along our journey to position the Company as a leading global provider of engineered products and innovative solutions. We endeavor to leverage the remarkable 160 year history of Barnes Group as a high precision manufacturer, and use that knowledge and experience as the foundation upon which to build truly differentiated industrial technologies. We have demonstrated, and will continue to demonstrate, our ability to reinvent the Company as technologies, end-markets, and customers’ needs change. Our ability to adapt our business as a provider of advanced technologies, with a clear emphasis on intellectual property, is a core differentiator for Barnes Group.
Financial Performance & Cash Generation
For 2016, sales grew to $1,231 million, an increase of 3% over 2015. Adjusted operating income (1) grew 4% to $197.3 million, while adjusted operating margin reached 16.0%, up 20 basis points from the previous year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1) increased 6% to $2.53 versus $2.38 a year ago.
Our cash generation and cash conversion remained strong as full year cash provided by operating activities was $218 million, inclusive of a discretionary $15 million pension plan contribution made during the year. Free cash flow, our operating cash flow less capital expenditures, was $170 million and our free cash flow to net income cash conversion ratio was a very solid 125%.
We increased our quarterly cash dividend rate by 8% during the year, reflective of our improving financial performance and good cash generation, and we are proud to have paid a cash dividend to stockholders on a continuous basis since 1934.
Strategic Acquisitions & Capital Deployment
In recent years, we’ve done a nice job of transforming Barnes Group’s business portfolio to one with a greater mix of differentiated technologies through organic capital investments and strategic acquisitions. During 2016 we spent $48 million in capital expenditures, about half of which were targeted towards growth programs, and invested $129 million in acquisitions.
In August we acquired FOBOHA, a market leading supplier of highly automated cube mold systems for packaging, medical, consumer, and automotive applications, which is highly complementary to Barnes Group’s Molding Solutions business. FOBOHA’s leading cube mold technology and in-mold automation, combined with Männer’s high precision molds and hot runners, offer our customers an advanced technology platform providing process reliability and exceptional output quality. The combined capabilities in engineering,
manufacturing, and validation will deliver
best-in-class molding solutions and
enable the realization of large projects in
short timeframes.
In addition, we returned $48 million
of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We exit 2016 with strengthened operations and a continued focus on productivity improvement and cash generation.
    6

 Positioning the Company for Continued Success
In order to continue our transformation, we have aligned the organization behind three strategic enablers – the Barnes Enterprise System, Innovation, and Talent Management. Each is instrumental in helping us strengthen our competitive advantage in the market, facilitate our long-term growth and success, and support the Company’s continued evolution. The goal of these enablers is to create value for our key stakeholders – our shareholders, customers, employees, and community.
With the Barnes Enterprise System, or BES, we strengthen our business by driving scalable and repeatable processes and improving our operating performance, which is clearly visible in the margin improvement we’ve produced. Many of our operational sites and functional departments have attained higher levels of BES maturity as validated by our objective, internal scorecard. This scorecard measures performance on Sales Effectiveness, Technology and Innovation, Global Sourcing, Operational Excellence, and Functional Excellence – the key focus areas of our BES initiative.
With Innovation, we look to commercialize our pipeline of new products and services as we introduce advanced technologies to support growth. We have formalized internal innovation metrics to measure progress across the enterprise, and we have worked with a leading university to identify opportunities to improve speed to market and foster improved collaboration across all of our businesses. Certainly, Innovation is at the heart of our strategy and will be a crucial factor in our ability to adapt and secure our long-term success.
To achieve our growth targets, we must also develop the skills and drive engagement of our people through an integrated Talent Management System. We have
redesigned and enhanced our global talent identification, review, and succession planning processes; all in an effort to develop the next generation of leaders for the Company. Additionally, we have implemented many tools to assist our employees in advancing their own career goals. Our continued success is dependent upon the 5,000 Barnes Group employees across the globe, and we are thankful for their hard work, dedication, and contributions.
A Positive Outlook
We are pleased with the financial performance delivered and the considerable progress made on positioning Barnes Group to perform well as we move forward. We’re driving improved operating margins and delivering strong cash generation. We’ve transformed the business portfolio significantly and fully expect to seek additional opportunities that advance our intellectual property-based capabilities. Our actions have served to strengthen our Company and we look to following a solid 2016 with an even better 2017, meeting our customer and shareholder commitments along the way in a manner consistent with our corporate values.
Lastly, we wish to thank our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their continued confidence and trust in Barnes Group.
Thomas O. Barnes Patrick J. Dempsey
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
(1) References to adjusted results for 2016 are non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation to the appropriate GAAP measure, see the GAAP reconciliation on page 8.
    7
