                                         1200
1000
800
600
400
200
Net Sales
dollars in millions
To Our Stockholders
During 2005, your Company delivered balanced, sustainable, profitable growth through strategic operating initiatives and a rigorous focus on margin improvement. We are extremely pleased that we were able to generate strong results and unlock significant stockholder value.
Advancements across our three businesses contributed to the continued improvement in results. These ranged from new, expanded global manufacturing operations to reengineered business processes, and from global purchasing initiatives to enhanced international product distribution. Together, they position the entire Company for continued success.
Financial Highlights
2005 was a record year. For the first time in the Company’s 148-year history, sales exceeded $1 billion. Continued organic sales growth contributed to the 11 percent rise in revenue that led to this milestone. Since 1999, our compound annual sales growth rate has been 10 percent.
Operating income improved 37 percent over the prior year, on an adjusted basis, and importantly, operating margins significantly improved in all three businesses. Net income was up 46 percent and earnings per share grew 42 percent for the year, on an adjusted basis. In the third quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend 10 percent to $0.88 annually, reflecting a 2.7 percent yield at year-end. Our ability to invest in our businesses was strengthened as we continued to generate strong operating cash flow of $72 million.
These financial results drove a higher stock price which, coupled with our strong dividend, yielded a 28 percent return for Barnes Group stockholders — a 13 percent compounded annual growth rate in total stockholder return since 1999. During 2005, our stock outperformed the benchmark small capitalization indices — Russell 2000 and S&P 600 — and the broader stock indices — DJIA and S&P 500. Our stock market capitalization has increased more than two and a half times since 1999, ending the year slightly below $800 million.
To enhance our already solid balance sheet and financial operations, we issued $100 million, 3.75 percent senior subordinated convertible debt in August. This increased the fixed interest rate portion of our outstanding debt from 56 percent to approximately 90 percent. Structured in a stockholder-friendly manner, the offering limits dilution by providing a net share settlement feature.
Review of Operations
Each of our three businesses achieved solid top- and bottom-line growth during 2005 and enters 2006 in a much stronger position than a year ago.
      0 01 02 03 04 05 Operating Income
 90
80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
dollars in millions
         0
01 02 03 04 05
  2

                                          Bolster
the Foundation
Barnes Distribution’s strategic sales focus emphasizing organic growth contributed to record revenue of $454 million, up 7 percent over 2004. Operating improvements and global sourcing enabled the business to improve profitability and expand its range of products and services. Adjusted 2005 operating margin of 5.4 percent represented a 1.6 percentage point improvement over 2004.
With the business’ distribution network strengthened through strategic investments and a growing global supplier base, management’s attention turned to sustaining service levels within targeted ranges. Reengineering in high-volume transaction areas — leveraged by growing average order size — drove productivity up and increased dollar value per line in functions including order processing and packaging. With double-digit improvement in customer service metrics and reduced distribution costs, the business can attend to executing its growth initiatives throughout 2006.
Barnes Distribution made two acquisitions during 2005 that add products, services, capabilities and markets that complement its core strengths.
• Toolcom Supplies Ltd., of Edinburgh, Scotland, distributes maintenance, repair
and operating supplies and replacement parts in the United Kingdom. Toolcom
expands Barnes Distribution’s geographic coverage and product offerings.
• Service Plus Distributors, Inc. (SPD) in Bristol, Pennsylvania, distributes gas
springs, dampers and hardware, and provides an important complementary product line to Barnes Distribution’s Raymond division, an international distributor of specialty products. The acquisition provides our customers with a three-tier product offering including mechanical, gas-charged and premium nitrogen-charged strut solutions. Integration with Raymond’s engineering management and global sales distribution network will provide a vehicle for the sale of SPD’s product lines outside the United States.
Associated Spring made significant progress during 2005, leading to record sales of $422 million and an improved adjusted operating margin of 7.6 percent, up 0.7 percentage points over 2004.
The business achieved good performance despite challenging business conditions including higher raw material costs and underperforming domestic spring units. Actions geared to offset the difficult conditions and foster a more profit-centric culture included creating a more effective organizational structure, improving quality systems, effecting price increases where necessary to offset rising raw material costs and taking steps to contain labor costs.
The business continued to develop its specialty operations businesses, Nitrogen Gas Products, Seeger, Barnes Precision Valve, and Spectrum, by adding new capacity, capabilities and geographic reach. Each of these operations realized appreciable growth in revenues and improved margins. Specialty operations now represent 52 percent of the total revenue of Associated Spring and their excellent performance has enabled the business to establish a solid foundation for continued competitiveness and growth.
 3

                                         Barnes Aerospace again set the pace for the organization with record revenues and operating margin growth. Leveraging products and technologies, and maintaining its balanced portfolio strategy, the business achieved record sales of $235 million and an operating margin of 12.1 percent, up 1.7 percentage points over 2004.
Strong profit performance in the aftermarket business continued to validate our strategy of diversification through aftermarket Revenue Sharing Programs (RSPs). The business entered additional RSP agreements affording exclusive rights to supply certain aftermarket parts for the life of two of the world’s most widely used engines, the CFM56 for narrow-body and CF6 for wide-body commercial aircraft.
Barnes Aerospace’s OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) business achieved solid growth by capitalizing on strong industry fundamentals. Contributing significantly to OEM growth was the success of the GE90 engine program, which realized sales growth of approximately 40 percent and continues to power a majority of all Boeing 777 planes sold. Moving forward, our content on current and future commercial engine platforms, including the GEnx, should assure a stream of incremental earnings growth through the commercial aerospace cycle and provide sustained OEM success.
Barnes Aerospace continued to globalize manufacturing and meet worldwide customer demand by expanding manufacturing capacity in Singapore, one of Asia’s major aviation centers. We were pleased to note that the Republic’s Ministry of Trade and Industry awarded the business Pioneer Status for the production of aircraft turbine engine components for OEMs and the spare parts market. This provides important ongoing tax benefits that will improve competitiveness and profitability.
Management and Board of Directors Changes
In an important management team transition, Idelle K. Wolf was promoted to President, Barnes Distribution, effective January 1, 2006. Previously, she was President, Barnes Distribution North America. Idelle brings strong management capabilities, excellent leadership skills and extensive industry knowledge to her new role. Keith Drewett, who joined the Company with the Curtis Industries acquisition and has led the Barnes Distribution business for the last five years, is retiring. While heading Barnes Distribution, he doubled the size of the business through acquisitions and organic growth, assembled an excellent leadership team and placed Barnes Distribution on a solid financial and strategic footing. We thank Keith for his significant contributions and wish him well.
We also made two important additions to our Board of Directors. William C. Denninger, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; and Gregory F. Milzcik, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and President, Associated Spring, were elected to our Board of Directors, effective February 1, 2006. These executives bring a wealth of experience and strong industry knowledge to their new roles as Directors. We also announced that Greg has been promoted to
Build for the
Future
  4

                                          Bound
for Growth
the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. As Chief Operating Officer, he will lead the Company’s three business groups.
Finally, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to G. Jackson Ratcliffe, Jr., who has served as a Director since 2001. He will be retiring from the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in April. We wish Jack well and thank him for his contributions to Barnes Group.
Looking Forward
Our success in 2005 provides a strong platform on which to grow profitably in 2006 and beyond. We are confident that it will take far fewer than 148 years to grow your Company to $2 billion in sales.
Barnes Distribution’s operating improvements and successfully integrated acquisitions should provide the necessary efficiency, and geographic and product scope for continued gains, while global purchasing initiatives should generate tangible benefits as they drive costs lower.
Associated Spring’s focus continues to be on improving profits — growing high potential businesses, improving underperforming domestic legacy spring operations, and generating profitable sales growth. Ongoing improvements will provide flexibility to appropriately rationalize the organization, while organic growth and productivity improvements position the group for more performance gains. The addition of businesses with products, services, capabilities, or markets with high growth prospects will continue to diversify and balance Associated Spring’s business portfolio.
Aerospace will continue to benefit from underlying strength in the commercial aerospace industry and the Group’s strategies for accelerating growth, including a focus on aftermarket parts and service. The installed airplane base for which aftermarket parts are used is projected to continue to increase over the next decade, and shop visits for CFM56 and CFM6 engines in total are expected to increase significantly during that period. Our balanced portfolio position will improve as we move forward due to the increasing benefits from our investments in the military and industrial gas turbine markets, which now represent over 20 percent of sales.
Barnes Group ended 2005 dramatically stronger than it has ever been. We are proud of our demonstrated ability to generate continued value for our stock- holders, and look forward to seeing the strategies and initiatives within each of our businesses — and across the Company — continue to drive balanced, sustainable, profitable growth.
Thomas O. Barnes Edmund M. Carpenter Chairman of the Board President & C.E.O.
 5
