                LETTER TO OUR
the packaging, automotive, and medical end markets. We appreciate the complimentary end-markets Thermoplay provides and see the acquisition as a nice gateway to expanding our hot-runner applications in packaging.
In the fourth quarter, we closed on our acquisition
of Priamus System Technologies of Schaffhausen, Switzerland, a technology leader in the development
of advanced process control systems for the plastic injection molding industry. Priamus’ innovative suite of sensor and process control systems, together with our portfolio of plastic injection molding solutions, represent a powerful combination, enabling us to offer a unique set of exceptional capabilities and expand the possibilities in injection molding.
At Aerospace, we continued to invest in component repair programs to better position us to leverage our capabilities and global reach in the aftermarket. While this year’s investment was relatively modest, we did gain access to a new engine family and additional end-markets.
We’re excited about the ongoing portfolio transformation, and will continue to look for other opportunities to
further advance our strategy of building a higher level of intellectual property-based capabilities.
In addition, we returned $78 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Barnes Group has been paying dividends on a continuing basis since 1934, and we consider dividends an integral component for returning capital to our shareholders.
In 2016, we expect to supplement dividends with opportunistic repurchase of our shares.
As we exit 2015, we do so with a strong balance sheet and an expectation of continued solid cash generation, which allows us to pursue additional growth investments in the upcoming year. We remain committed to being responsible stewards of shareholder capital, and look to maintain organic and acquisitive investment, as well as provide for appropriate return of capital to shareholders.
5
SHAREHOLDERS
 During 2015, we made substantial progress executing
on our vison and strategy, transforming Barnes Group
into a global provider of highly-engineered products and differentiated industrial technologies. We enhanced our business portfolio through strategic acquisitions and drove our operational excellence initiatives deeper into the organization.
From a performance perspective, 2015 was a tale of “two halves.” We began the year with strong organic growth and operating performance momentum; however, slowing occurred as global industrial markets became tepid in the second half. Given the weakening environment during the latter part of the year, we took proactive cost management actions across our businesses.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
For 2015, total sales were down 5% compared to a year ago, as unfavorable foreign exchange impacted sales by 5%, offset in part by a positive 1% contribution from acquisitions. Organic sales declined 1%. On an adjusted basis, income from continuing operations was $2.38 per diluted share,
up 2% from $2.34 a year ago. Adjusted operating margin improved by 40 basis points, to 15.8%.
Although adjusted operating margins and income per
share exceeded last year’s solid performance, we were disappointed in not delivering results closer to our expectations. Nonetheless, we are convinced we have taken the necessary actions to better position ourselves for 2016, doing so with a very strong backlog in support of our plans.
CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT & STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS
Disciplined investment in our businesses continued with $46 million in capital expenditures for 2015, about half of which were targeted at growth programs across both segments. In Aerospace, we made investments to secure our position on new aircraft engine platforms, while Industrial investments were made in support of innovative projects to bring
new products to the marketplace. In addition, we spent approximately $13 million in research and development directed at developing new products, processes, and services to drive organic growth.
During the year, we supplemented our portfolio of differentiated industrial technologies with two international acquisitions in the plastic injection molding space for a net investment of $52 million.
In the third quarter, we purchased Thermoplay of Pont-Saint- Martin, Italy, which specializes in the design, development, and manufacturing of hot runner solutions, primarily serving
                                         2015 ANNUAL REPORT

                GROWTH DRIVERS
Reaching new heights of performance requires us to simplify our manufacturing operations, increase process efficiencies, and speed innovation and new product development. During 2015, we made significant progress on three important operational initiatives.
First is the Barnes Enterprise System, where we’ve made tremendous inroads advancing the organization to the next level of maturity. Major foundational work was put in place establishing common processes to identify and leverage the five major
focus areas of productivity: Sales Effectiveness, Technology, Operational Excellence, Global Sourcing, and Functional Excellence. Corporate-wide targets have been established for each, and we expect to drive visible results in 2016 with the goal of expanding operating margins.
Second, we institutionalized systems and processes allowing us to measure our performance with respect to creating
a culture of innovation. We implemented an “Innovation Portfolio Management Process” with phase gates, enhancing focus and prioritization to cultivate a robust innovation pipeline. This is a broad initiative to drive new products and services and to sustain vitality within the business. We are very excited about this initiative, as it is expected to drive much of the future growth of Barnes Group.
And third, we’ve placed a heightened focus on developing our people and their capabilities with the establishment
of an enhanced Talent Management System. A key to our future success will be the recruiting, training, retention, and building of our bench strength of talented people.
In further support of our transformation we have streamlined Industrial operations, establishing both the Engineered Components and Molding Solutions strategic business units (SBUs) during the year. The new Engineered Components SBU is comprised of Associated Spring, Seeger-Orbis,
Heinz Hänggi, and Associated Spring Raymond. These four businesses have similar automotive and industrial
end markets, with complimentary precision engineered processes, product portfolios, global footprint, quality, and supply-chain needs.
For our plastic injection molding end-markets, our new Molding Solutions SBU is comprised of Männer, Synventive, Thermoplay, and Priamus. Molding Solutions will leverage the combined resources of these four businesses to accelerate profitable sales growth, drive innovation, and increase productivity.
6
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
Aligning our businesses as such is expected to further enhance operational excellence by enabling better coordination of regional capabilities and expertise, leverage global customer relationships, improve customer service, and create functional synergies in sales, marketing, research and development, supply chain, quality, and global manufacturing.
All of these actions, when combined with a well-positioned balance sheet, have set us up nicely for the upcoming year.
OUR FUTURE IS BRIGHT
We are proud of the accomplishments and transformation achieved over the last several years and look to deliver solid performance in 2016 despite a low-growth industrial environment and what is expected to be a transitional year for our aerospace business. While the future business setting and global economy can be difficult to predict,
we are confident that our strategy will produce long-term profitable growth, and that the talented and dedicated team at Barnes Group will continue to deliver results in a manner consistent with our corporate values.
Our culture emphasizes the importance of being a
good corporate citizen. We look to be a leader in the communities in which we operate, which is why we encourage philanthropy, compassion and change through the involvement of our employees and through our Barnes Group Foundation whose goal is the support
of education, the arts, civic and youth activities, and health-related charities.
Lastly, on behalf of our Board of Directors and our 4,700 employees from around the world, we wish to extend our sincerest appreciation to our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued confidence and trust in Barnes Group.
   Thomas O. Barnes
Chairman of the Board
Patrick J. Dempsey
President and
Chief Executive Officer
    (1) References to adjusted results for 2015 are non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation to the appropriate GAAP measure, see the GAAP reconciliation on pages 7 and 8.
