 To Our Stockholders:
At Barnes Group, we have learned that history serves as a guide to navigation in uncertain times. As a 153-year-old Company, we find ourselves in a unique position. Through world wars and natural disasters, financial crises and technological changes, this Company has survived, and, despite challenges, has come out even stronger. 2009 was no exception.
We believe the steps we took to deal with this recession have effectively adjusted our cost structure to enhance our profitability at lower volumes and provide incremental profits on revenue gains. Barnes Group’s long history tells
us that we need to attend to the short term with a long-term perspective. Much of our effort in 2009 was devoted to investing in the future. We made far-sighted investments in our sales teams throughout the organization and targeted high-opportunity customer relationships to drive future revenue opportunities. Our employees worked hard to deliver on our goals and objectives, sustaining the rich legacy of this Company.
Barnes Group generated $143.5 million in cash from operations for the 12 months of 2009, reflecting an improvement of 28 percent over the prior year. Our 2009 operating cash flow was a significant accomplishment despite the difficult environment. In addition, we continued to pay a quarterly cash dividend, which the Company has done continuously since 1934. Our exceptional cash flow performance and balance sheet management throughout the recession enabled us to pay down outstanding debt by approximately $115 million over the past 12 months. As a result, we are very pleased with our financial position as we move into 2010.
The conservative financial approach that we have maintained throughout the economic crisis and throughout the Company’s long history has served us well. Our fiscal self-control complements the Barnes Enterprise System,
a set of management tools for rigorous goal-driven management practices, lean enterprise and standardized processes to drive performance. Built on a solid financial foundation, the Barnes Enterprise System is transforming our organization, aligning our purpose, processes and employees globally, and ensuring we are all working toward the same goals – to achieve profitable growth and return value to our stockholders.
Throughout 2010, we will continue the tradition of tight financial discipline as we shift our efforts from driving costs down to generating sales growth. Our organization is more efficient, and we are pushing forward to capitalize on organic growth opportunities.
We continue to make investments in our sales personnel as well as expand into key geographies and vertical markets. We have identified strategic platforms that will best leverage our competitive differentiators and have
high growth prospects. And we are maximizing our expertise and infrastructure, creating centers of excellence and continuously improving our critical customer-facing processes, such as turn-around-time, supply chain management, and technology
One common thread – lean – unites all of our endeavors. We continue to make significant investments in our worldwide application of lean, the key to increasing efficiency and responding more nimbly to our customers’ needs.
Barnes Group is a great Company with a long, proud history in which you, our stockholders, have invested your confidence. We welcome the opportunity to meet and exceed your expectations in 2010.
Thomas O. Barnes Gregory F. Milzcik Chairman of the Board President & CEO
 