 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
During 2007, Barnes Group Inc. marked a year of successes and breakthroughs that helped prove we are more than manufacturers and distributors of aero- space and industrial parts: We are the
In 2007, we began transforming the way
we do business. We began implementing enterprise-wide operational improvements to help guide our growth, drive our Company to new levels of efficiency and
growth and maintaining value for our customers and stockholders.
By encouraging action-oriented leadership, our Company is fostering a culture where
critical components people, a cohesive group of highly talented employees responsible for ensuring exacting performance and superior support and service of today’s most crucial applications in transportation, manufacturing, communications and technology.
At the dawn of our next 150 years of business, we see great opportunities. These opportunities are achievable as a result
of our resolve to embrace globalization. Companies that have embraced globalization, like Barnes Group, are
well positioned for success through these uncertain global economic times. Through organic growth and acquisitions, our Company has solidified its position as
a global competitor in the worldwide market, with more than 70 operating locations in more than 40 countries. We have regularly delivered double-digit top-line growth and expanded our operating margin, net income, earnings per share and operating cash flow.
2007 was no exception. It was a milestone year, as we achieved net income in excess of $100 million – a record, and a 37 percent increase over the prior year. Earnings-per- share growth continued with a 27 percent increase in 2007. Revenues also grew at
an impressive 14 percent with full-year operating income margin above 10 percent. Barnes Group continues to demonstrate
a consistent, sustainable and predictable pattern of growth in earnings and earnings per share. The Company has paid cash dividends to stockholders on a continuous basis since 1934, and during 2007, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend 12 percent to $0.14 per share or $0.56 per share on an annual basis.
Even though we have a record of success, we will continue to strive for higher performance. We are committed to taking the organization to the next level.
effectiveness, and bring greater value to our Company as a whole. By standardizing, aligning and improving our kit of operational tools and processes, we will create a continuous improvement culture with rigorous business processes and leadership development focused on our customers and our Company strategy.
The business environment we face is more competitive than ever as we are confronted with competition from all over the world. At the same time, our customers and stockholders are more demanding than ever before. In order to meet these challenges, we must drive our process improvement and cost reduction efforts to new heights. We have placed a renewed focus and emphasis on achieving opera- tional excellence and future growth and profitability through our lean enterprise initiatives. By adopting “lean” principles, we are embracing all aspects of business operations, including internal functions, supplier networks and the customer value chain. This requires the active involvement of every employee. Our lean enterprise philosophy is simple: We are teaching
our people the fundamentals of process engineering and then empowering them to make change and eliminate waste.
We are employing a goal deployment process (GDP) to drive continuous strategic improvements and manage change in
our critical business processes. GDP is
a management tool that facilitates our ability to execute strategy and achieve sustained performance. Utilizing GDP will help us strengthen, align and focus our resources throughout the organization
to achieve consistent, sustainable and predictable results. We are keenly aware of the changing global economy and the dynamic end-markets in which we operate. Therefore, the implementation of process- based solutions that lead to performance breakthroughs is vital to delivering financial
leaders inspire greatness in others and aspire to greatness themselves. We will support leaders through intentional change and self-directed learning, empowering them to reach their full potential and maximize their contributions to our Company. The leadership effectiveness model upon which we are embarking
will help take us to the next level of operational performance.
Implementing these three elements – lean enterprise, GDP and leadership effectiveness – is only the beginning of Barnes Group’s climb to peak performance. Rigorous and structured organizational elements as part of a fully integrated operating system will not guarantee success but will certainly provide greater opportunities to realize it. With the help of our hard-working and goal-oriented employees, we will continue to build on our operational improvements and strengthen the total fabric of our Company.
In 2007, we made important gains and undertook enduring initiatives that we believe will enhance Barnes Group’s performance on a global scale, but we have yet to reach the pinnacle of our success. In 2008, we will continue to conquer new heights and build upon the momentum of our financial and operational successes to ensure that this year is groundbreaking for our employees, customers and stockholders alike.
Thomas O. Barnes CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Gregory F. Milzcik PRESIDENT & CEO
   