 To Our Stockholders:
Success is a journey, not a destination. Over the past 152 years, Barnes Group Inc. has been on this journey, culminating with our transformation into the industry-leading diversified industrial company that we are today. And we continue to drive forward, maneuvering 2008’s steep climbs, precipitous declines and sharp curves.
Building on record 2007 earnings, we entered 2008 optimistic that our solid strategy and prudent management principles would continue to drive revenue to new record levels. Indeed, the success we achieved throughout the first three quarters of the year provided positive full-year performance for Barnes Group. Top-line revenue and profits remained strong with sales reaching nearly $1.4 billion and operating income of nearly $150 million for year-end 2008. This robust performance came despite the Boeing strike and a global macroeconomic downturn in the latter part of the year. In addition, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.16 per share, a 14 percent increase. The Company has paid cash dividends to stockholders on a continuous basis since 1934.
Never complacent, we keep a watchful eye towards the future. We understand the economic climate changes rapidly and took proactive measures to strengthen our portfolio of businesses, making significant cost reductions and continuing our focus on eliminating waste and improving productivity. We view recent changes in the global economic landscape as opportunities to strengthen the Company for the long-term, not an occasion for panic or disproportionate reactions.
While many companies are struggling to survive, we are being rewarded by our long-held conservative principles. These include avoiding high leverage positions, paying attention to cash flows and investing for the long-term. We remain confident that Barnes Group’s strong balance sheet, combined with our geographic and end-market diversity, will serve us well during this difficult economic period.
Over time, this economic downturn will pass into history. Barnes Group will continue to plan and execute as we have over the last century and a half, seizing on future opportunities while keeping focused on the long-term. This means making smart investments, spending our resources of time and money in areas where we can strengthen our long-term prospects to provide a brighter future for the Company.
Our realignment into two global business segments structured around manufacturing and services processes also created a leaner, more customer-focused organization supported by the Barnes Enterprise System. The system is comprised of management tools that encompass rigorous goal-driven management practices, lean enterprise and standardized processes that drive performance. We will continue to employ these tools and processes to increase our productivity and efficiency.
Throughout 2009, our focus is on making prudent investments in our business. We started this process in 2008 and will build on this momentum, strengthening our sales recruitment and training programs for our vendor-managed inventory business, adding capital for aircraft maintenance and manufacturing programs, and leveraging organic growth opportunities to position the company for next year and beyond.
When we think of Barnes Group, we are optimistic. This is a great Company in which you, our stockholders, have invested your confidence. Your support and the Company’s legacy sustain us in managing through the current challenges to become an ever-stronger Barnes Group.
Thomas O. Barnes Gregory F. Milzcik Chairman of the Board President & CEO
  