 At Boeing, our mission and purpose is to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world through aerospace innovation.
Operational Highlights
Achieved $94.6 billion in revenue, driven by strong commercial airplane deliveries, services growth and solid performance in our defense, space and security business. Core operating earnings were $5.5 billion* with core earnings per share of $7.24*.
Increased operating cash flow to a company record $10.5 billion and maintained strong liquidity with $10 billion in cash and marketable securities.
Repurchased 55 million shares for $7 billion,
paid $2.8 billion in dividends, announced a further 30 percent dividend increase and renewed a
$14 billion share repurchase program.
Delivered 748 commercial airplanes, extending our market leadership in airplane deliveries to a fifth consecutive year.
Delivered 178 military aircraft, along with 23,052 weapons systems and seven satellites, demon- strating solid support for major programs in our defense, space and security business.
Won $76 billion in net orders, including the largest services order in company history with Norwegian Air. Total company order backlog at year end exceeded $473 billion, including 5,700 commer- cial airplanes valued at $416 billion.
Maintained a solid defense, space and security order backlog of $57 billion, 37 percent of which comes from international customers. New and follow-on business included domestic and inter- national contracts for 191 Apache and 12 Chinook
Financial Highlights
helicopters and 22 P-8A Poseidon and four P-8I aircraft; contracts for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft; an award for a 702MP satellite with new digital payload; and contracts for F/A-18 spare parts and C-17 training.
Achieved significant Commercial Airplanes mile- stones, including completing the first flight of the 737 MAX 8, delivering the 500th 787 Dreamliner, and beginning final assembly of the first 787-10. Development of the new 777X progressed with the opening of the new 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett, Wash.
Achieved key defense, space and security mile- stones, including KC-46 test aircraft demonstrating its aerial refueling capabilities; successfully launching the first two of six Boeing-built Intelsat Epic satellites; United Launch Alliance launching the eighth Wideband Global SATCOM satellite with an upgraded digital payload; completing digital flight deck upgrades on the first of 14 NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft.
Announced the launch of our Boeing Global Services business to strengthen our ability to compete and win after-market support and services business and to deliver new innovative service offerings.
Expanded international presence with new partner- ships, including India engineering and technology center, Skolkovo training and innovation center and Tata Boeing Aerospace Limited.
1

                 2

                To the Shareholders and Employees of The Boeing Company
Inspired by our 2016 centennial, we have a bold vision for the future—an invigorated sense
of what we can accomplish as one team, One Boeing. Our collective and abiding passion for innovation, integrity and technical excellence—along with our financial strength—is driving exciting new breakthroughs and expanding opportunities for us and our customers to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world. It’s our turn to imagine what comes next and bring it to life—and we are up to the calling.
2016 in Review
Thanks to the hard work, dedication and ingenuity of more than 148,000 employees and our U.S.
and global partners, Boeing extended its broad aerospace market leadership in 2016 by delivering on customer commitments, enhancing the safety, quality and affordability of our work, and investing in our people, products and services while returning significant value to shareholders.
During the year, we generated strong revenue, solid core operating performance and record cash flows. We also redoubled our focus on profitable long-term growth strategies, disciplined execution of our pro- duction and development programs, expanding our services business, and accelerating further quality and productivity gains across the enterprise.
Total company revenue in 2016 was $94.6 billion, driven by strong commercial airplane deliveries, ser- vices growth and solid performance in our defense, space and security business. We also won $76 billion in net new orders for our market-leading products and services, reinforcing our strong companywide backlog of $473 billion.
Core earnings per share of $7.24* for the year reflected solid core operating performance compa- nywide, offset by the reclassification of costs for two 787 Dreamliner flight-test airplanes, the impact of decisions on 747 production rates, and higher costs on the KC-46 tanker and CST-100 development programs. Core operating earnings were nearly $5.5 billion*, and operating cash flow increased to a company-record $10.5 billion.
Following through on our balanced cash deployment commitment, we repurchased 55 million shares of Boeing stock for $7 billion and paid $2.8 billion in dividends in 2016. In December, as a further sign
of confidence in our long-term outlook, the Boeing board of directors authorized a new $14 billion share repurchase program and increased the quarterly dividend by 30 percent.
Boeing Commercial Airplanes generated $65 bil- lion of revenue in 2016 and led the industry in deliveries for the fifth consecutive year with 748 air- planes. Booking 668 net new airplane orders worth $49 billion sustained a robust backlog of more than 5,700 airplanes valued at $416 billion—more than seven years of production at current rates. Full-year operating margins were 4.8 percent.
In the high-value twin-aisle airplane segment, we extended our market and technology lead with key milestones and steady progress on the 787 and
*Non-GAAP measures. See page 121.
Dennis A. Muilenburg, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Boeing delivered 18 P-8A Poseidon aircraft to the U.S. Navy and The Royal Australian Air Force in 2016.
3

                777 programs. We delivered a record 137 787s from our production centers in Everett, Wash., and North Charleston, S.C., including the 500th Dreamliner overall, making the 787 the fastest twin-aisle jet in history to hit that mark. Nearly 50 customers now operate the 787 Dreamliner, and its game-changing combination of range, size and fuel efficiency has opened more than 130 new nonstop city-pairs that previously were unserved by nonstop flights. The 787 stands on a strong foundation for long-term produc- tion with a backlog of 700 orders and solid ongoing demand. Flight testing of the 787-10, our third and largest Dreamliner model, will begin early this year, with first delivery in 2018.
Our next new twin-aisle airplane, the 777X, remains on track to enter service in 2020. In 2016, we opened new production facilities for the program in Everett, Wash., and St. Louis, Mo., and began manufacturing components for pre-production testing. With a cur- rent backlog of 340 orders and commitments from seven customers, including a major win at Singapore Airlines announced in February 2017, the 777X is
off to a very strong start, and customer interest remains high.
The 737 family continues to perform well in the highly competitive single-aisle market, with net new orders and deliveries of 550 and 490 airplanes, respectively, in 2016. Total program backlog is robust at more than 4,400 airplanes. Development and flight testing of
the new 737 MAX has exceeded expectations and allowed us to accelerate the planned first delivery of this fuel-efficient new airplane by the second quarter of 2017. Last year, we built the first eight 737 MAX production aircraft and completed service-ready
testing with launch customer Southwest Airlines. With more than 3,600 orders from 83 customers around the world, the MAX is the fastest-selling commercial airplane in Boeing history, and we continue to see capacity for additional orders as large 737 operators announce their fleet expansion and replacement plans.
Despite a softening of near-term widebody demand that emerged in 2016 and our subsequent decisions to de-risk the 747 program and 777X transition with corresponding rate reductions, we remain strongly positive about our commercial airplanes business. We are on track to steadily increase production over the next five years to more than 900 airplanes annu- ally, based on previously announced rate increases. The 737 production rate will rise from the current 42 airplanes per month to 47 in the third quarter of 2017, followed by 52 per month in 2018 and 57 per month in 2019. On the strength of its commercial freighter and military tanker backlog, 767 production is slated to increase to 2.5 per month from 2 per month in the fourth quarter of 2017. 787 Dreamliner production increased to 12 per month in 2016, with plans to go to 14 per month later this decade.
At planned production rates for the current 777, including going from seven to five per month in August 2017, delivery slots are nearly sold out for this year, and we are about 90 percent sold out for 2018 and 2019 when we begin phasing in 777X produc- tion. On the 747 program, while we are encouraged by a modest improvement in the air cargo market and a 2016 order from UPS for 14 747-8 freighters with options for an additional 14 airplanes, the program will remain at 0.5 per month.
 In 2016, Boeing invested $163 million, along with thousands of employees’ vol- unteer hours, to help enhance lives and communities where we live and work around the world.
We remain on target to reach our goal
of zero growth in environmental impact through 2017, even as we continue to grow our business.
*2014, 2015 and 2016 data recalculated because of changes in Northwest Region eGrid emission factors.
Investing in Our Communities
Total Giving
$163 million
Charitable and Business Contributions
$125.9M
Employee Giving
$35.3M
Charitable Trust
$1.8M
2016 Environmental Performance*
(Percent Performance to 2012 Baseline)
10 5 0 –5 –10 –15 –20
          2012
2013
– 18% –5% – 19% – 17%
2014 2015 2016 2017
2017 Target: 0% absolute growth — water, GHG and solid waste; 0% revenue-adjusted growth— hazardous waste
Hazardous Waste GHG Emissions Solid Waste Water Intake
      4

                 CONNECT
  In 2016, the 787 Dreamliner family set new standards for its ability to connect people across the globe. Now used on more than 530 city-pairs, the 787’s remarkable range and fuel efficiency have opened more than 130 new nonstop routes.
Employees at Boeing’s Customer Support Operations Center in Southern California provide 24/7 global support to Boeing customers—keeping the world’s largest fleet of com- mercial airplanes flying.
The U.S. Air Force completed its GPS IIF satellite constellation with the 2016 launch of the 12th Boeing- built GPS IIF satellite. The GPS modernization program improves accuracy and security and adds new capabilities to a satellite system used by millions of people around the world.
 5

 ROTECT
 6
 The U.S. Army ordered an additional 117 remanufac- tured AH-64E Apache attack helicopters in 2016, ensuring that troops have access to the latest technologies to help them defend freedom around the world.
The T-X trainer aircraft, the cornerstone of an all-new advanced pilot training system that Boeing is pro- posing for the U.S. Air Force, completed its first flight
in December 2016. The
T-X system combines a single-engine trainer with state-of-the-art ground- based training and support.
The Royal Australian Air Force E-7A Wedgetail airplane,
a derivative of the Boeing 737-700 jetliner, provides reliable airborne surveillance, communications and battle management for defense and security missions.
                 P

                Overall, we continue to project strong demand in the global commercial airplane market, with customers expected to buy more than 39,600 airplanes over the next 20 years, including 9,000 widebodies spurred by a replacement cycle set to begin around 2020. This unprecedented outlook, underpinned by our near-record order backlog, planned production rate increases and forecasted traffic growth, positions us uniquely among our competitors and peers for signifi- cant and sustained growth in the coming years.
Boeing Defense, Space & Security delivered another solid year of performance in 2016, scoring healthy revenue and margins, winning important new orders and achieving significant program milestones. Revenues were $29.5 billion, driven by strong deliv- eries and services growth. Operating margins were 10.2 percent. In total, we delivered seven satellites, 178 military aircraft and 23,052 weapons systems
(a 46 percent increase over 2015). We also booked $26.2 billion in new orders, maintaining a healthy backlog of $57 billion, 37 percent of which is from international customers.
Key defense-related accomplishments in 2016 included:
Completion of key KC-46A tanker refueling tests that retired substantial technical risk and cleared the way for receiving U.S. Air Force contracts for 19 airplanes.
Winning approval for significant international orders for F-15 and F/A-18 fighter jets, and con- tracts for P-8 maritime patrol aircraft and AH-64 and CH-47 helicopters.
First flight of the T-X trainer aircraft.
Rollout of the new Echo Voyager unmanned, undersea vehicle.
We also extended our leadership in space with these accomplishments:
Welding of Space Launch System’s liquid hydrogen tank, the largest section of the rocket that one day will carry astronauts to Mars.
Initial assembly and test of the first CST-100 Starliner flight-test spacecraft.
Launch of seven satellites.
Twelve successful launches by our United Launch Alliance joint venture.
Solid demand for our diverse portfolio of products and services and an unwavering focus on affordability and productivity have positioned our defense, space and security business for continued success as we compete for a growing share of a $2.2 trillion market
over the next decade. With strong customer support and global defense budgets that are trending upward, we are making targeted investments in areas such as commercial derivatives, rotorcraft, satellites, services, human space exploration and autonomous systems. These investments are helping us compete for future programs such as the T-X trainer, JSTARS recapitalization and numerous advanced weapons and unmanned systems.
Boeing Global Services is the name of a new business unit we announced in November 2016
to be formed from core capabilities within our Commercial Aviation Services and Global Services & Support groups, as well as various Boeing sub- sidiaries, including Aviall and Jeppesen. It will begin fully operating in the third quarter of 2017 and be dedicated to providing more agile, cost-effective and streamlined after-market support and services. It will further advance our growth ambitions in a market that is expected to total $2.5 trillion over the next 10 years in areas such as spare parts, modifications, upgrades, and data analytics and other information- based services.
Setting Our Sights Higher
With an eye toward the future, we refreshed our company vision in 2016 to express it in a simpler
and more compelling way for our people. We added clear enterprise strategies and a more inspirational purpose and mission: “To connect, protect, explore and inspire the world through aerospace innovation.” This is what drives us to do our very best for the pas- sengers flying aboard our commercial airplanes, the men and women in uniform who rely on our products and services to complete their missions safely and the astronauts operating at the edge of space, and to attract and retain the best team and talent the world has to offer.
Yet, in our second century, we aspire not only to be the best in aerospace, but also an enduring global industrial champion—a top performer in every aspect of our business, delivering superior value to our customers, employees, shareholders, commu- nities and partners. This bold goal requires that we set—and achieve—higher expectations for our work and recognize that we now compete with companies in other sectors for capital, influence, talent and positioning in a business environment that is getting tougher, more complex and more global every day. These realities—and the aggressive existing and emerging competition we face in the aerospace industry—demand that we relentlessly drive produc- tivity and affordability to win in our markets and fuel our investment in the products and services that will drive future growth.
        7

                To be considered among the world’s best-performing companies, looking ahead to 2025, we aim to be number one in commercial airplanes with differentiated products and demand-driven rates; lead in the key defense, space and security growth markets we are targeting; and be top in services, growing our business significantly with a focus on lifecycle opportunities across multiple areas. And, we must consistently deliver top-quartile business performance.
Our three enterprise strategies to achieve these goals are to continue leveraging the unique competitive advantage we have in operating as One Boeing, build strength on our historic strengths to deliver on our existing plans and commitments, and to stretch beyond those plans by sharpening and accelerating our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts, such as engaging our supply chain to reduce costs and improve quality, breaking the cost curve on our development programs, implementing advanced manufacturing and design technologies, and creating global scale and depth
by growing our presence and partnerships in key markets around the world.
Foundational to this effort to accelerate company performance is further strengthening our culture by improving the way we work together in support of our customers and one another. We must adhere
to enduring Boeing values that begin with integrity, embrace diversity and inclusion, and fuel mutual trust and respect. We are making measurable progress
in areas such as simplifying our strategies, clarifying roles and responsibilities of teams and individuals, and improving our processes for developing, assessing and rewarding our people—levers we believe will unleash accelerated growth and productivity.
Our Communities and Environment
Community and environmental stewardship are long- held, core values. We aspire to lead in both areas.
In 2016, Boeing and its employees and retirees invested $163 million to help improve lives and build better communities worldwide. We stepped up our efforts to inspire the next generation of innovators, dreamers and doers through science, technology, engineering and math–focused giving, volunteering and mentoring. And we strengthened our commit- ment to military veterans—more than 20,000 of whom we proudly call our teammates—and military families with new programs and expanded outreach, including co-sponsoring the 2017 Warrior Games for wounded and injured veterans and service members.
Examples of our commitment to the environment begin with the 30,000 Boeing employees who chose alternative commuting methods in 2016, reducing vehicle emissions, noise and road congestion. Our ecoDemonstrator program has tested more than
50 innovative technologies designed to improve the environmental efficiency and performance of Boeing products. And we continue to work with universities and other organizations to advance sustainable avia- tion products and technologies, like biofuel-powered flight and electric propulsion. Also, despite increasing aircraft production and expanding operations, we continue to target zero growth in greenhouse gas emissions, water use, hazardous waste (normalized to revenue) and solid waste sent to landfills.
A Bold Vision and Bright Future
Our goals and aspirations are bold, but they are achievable within a company that has dared to dream big and deliver on those dreams for more than 100 years. The challenging—and meaningful—work ahead of us begins in 2017 as we focus on ramping up commercial airplane production profitably, con- tinuing to strengthen our defense, space and security business, launching our integrated services business, consistently delivering on our development programs, driving world-class levels of productivity and perfor- mance and developing the best team and talent in the industry.
These and other actions—undertaken with an un- wavering commitment to excellence and the utmost integrity in how we do our work—will position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top- and bottom-line growth and increased value for our customers, employees, shareholders, communities and partners.
It is my great privilege to lead the people of Boeing who strive every day around the world to carry for- ward our founder’s vision to forever and always build something better. Few companies have achieved as much or are positioned as well for continued success as Boeing. I am confident that we have the right people, products, services and strategies to realize our bold vision and bright future—together.
Dennis A. Muilenburg Chairman, President and CEO
 8
