2008 WAS A CHALLENGING YEAR FOR BOEING. FOR 2009 AND BEYOND, OUR FOCUS WILL BE ON IMPROVING EXECU- TION, BOLSTERING PRODUCTIVITY AND PRESERVING OUR FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND COMPETITIVENESS THROUGH THIS DIFFICULT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT.
W. James McNerney, Jr., Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 To the Shareholders and Employees of The Boeing Company:
Without a doubt, 2008 was a difficult year for Boeing. While the vast majority of our programs performed well and we made progress toward our goals in many areas, our overall results reflected the effects of both internal setbacks and a rapidly deteriorating economic environment.
We delivered double-digit margins from our defense business and solid results in production programs and services from our commercial airplanes business. However, the impact of a two-month strike and delays on key development programs outweighed that performance in our year-end numbers.
2

 Industry-leading record Boeing backlog at five times annual revenues provides a solid foundation for future growth.
TOTAL COMPANY BACKLOG
$352 BILLION
Our management team is addressing our chal- lenges head-on and, as we enter an increasingly difficult 2009, I believe we are uniquely positioned to weather the current storm — and to emerge well equipped to deliver long-term growth and quality financial results.
The strategy we set in motion more than a decade ago — to create a highly capable, broadly diversified aerospace company with a healthy balance between the economically-sensitive commercial airplane business and the more stable, long-cycle defense business — remains our great strength, especially during challenging economic times like these.
Our near-term future depends on nothing more (or less) than solid execution and disciplined financial management. And we are taking exten- sive measures to deliver on both counts. Our long-term future holds as much promise as ever because of the inherent size and strength of the markets we serve, the innovation and efficiency of the technology we bring to our customers and the dedication, talent and inspiration of the peo- ple we employ.
The Boeing order book is the fullest it has ever been thanks to several exceptional years of commercial airplane orders and steady growth in defense contracts. At the end of 2008, our total backlog stood at $352 billion, which is more than five times our annual revenues in 2008. While we anticipate fewer commercial airplane orders and greater numbers of cancellations and deferrals in 2009 than we saw in 2008, the size and diversity of our backlog gives us more flexibility than we have had in the past to accommodate “orders churn” without dramatic impact on our production rates. However, should bolder steps be required, we are prepared to act quickly and decisively to balance supply with demand and our costs with our revenues. Our defense backlog also ranks among the largest in the industry and is balanced across a range of new and mature production and large scale systems integration programs.
Given these factors and setting aside the risk of further economic weakness or larger-than- expected adjustments in defense spending, our biggest single task over the next few years is to execute. It is to do everything we say we are going to do — in designing, developing and delivering new airplanes and other products and services on schedule and within budget.
At the same time, we are focusing more fiercely than ever on the twin imperatives of growth and productivity — knowing that growth, in tough times, is even more dependent on accelerating efforts to improve productivity and maintain our competitiveness in support of our customers.
Beyond that, our fundamental product-and- services strategy remains intact. Our two core businesses — Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) — are world leaders in broad and important markets, each with a strong mix of products and services and with many opportunities for synergy between them. Together, these two core businesses are capable of defining the state of the art in major segments of the aerospace world for decades to come.
One of the great, enduring facts about commer- cial aviation is that more and more people want to fly — and more and more people will fly on
the wings of continued economic growth. Over the past three decades, commercial airline travel has grown at an annual compounded rate of
5.3 percent — or nearly double world GDP growth. During that time, there have been only three periods of contraction in global air travel — in 1990–91 with the Gulf War, in 2001–02 follow- ing the 9/11 terror attacks in the United States, and today, with the global downturn that began in the second half of 2008. Air travel rebounded strongly the first two times and, if history is any guide, it will do so again, setting the stage for future commercial airplane orders.
Defense systems — our other core business — encompasses a huge marketplace of its own. And, even though it is subject to governmental budgetary constraints in the present economic environment, the defense marketplace offers a wide array of opportunities to companies with an exceptionally broad range of technical capabilities. There are very few companies that answer that description, but Boeing is certainly one of them. Last year, we further strengthened our position with strategic acquisitions that expand our capa- bilities in core and adjacent markets. In addition to being one of the largest U.S. defense contrac- tors, Boeing has achieved strong growth and increasing success in recent years in international defense markets. Wins in 2008 and early 2009 included a C-17 sale to Qatar, a follow-on sale of F-15s to the Republic of Korea and the sale to India of the P-8I, a variant of the P-8A Poseidon, a long-range multimission maritime patrol aircraft that Boeing is developing for the U.S. Navy.
  3

There is further substantial room for growth on both sides of the business in the provision of services. Though highly fragmented, the second- ary markets in maintenance, repair and overhaul of commercial and military airplanes are at least as big as the primary markets of building and selling them.
All this is to say that our company is in a promis- ing position to control its own destiny — both short term and long.
Business Review and Outlook
Boeing has hundreds of programs, and nearly
all of them are performing well. These include proven production programs such as the
Boeing 737 and 777 on the commercial side, and the C-17 airlifter and the F/A-18E/F strike fighter on the military side. They also include a long list of development programs, including the new freighter version of the 777, which was just recently certified by the FAA, and Future Combat Systems for the U.S. Army and the Ground- based Midcourse Defense program for the Missile Defense Agency — two programs through which we are successfully demonstrating our large-scale systems integration expertise.
But the reality is that problems in just a very few programs can severely impact the otherwise solid financial performance of the company. That was clearly and unfortunately the case in 2008. While the strike that halted all commercial and some military production for two months had a major impact on our results, unexpected cost growth and schedule delays in three key development programs — a new 747 derivative, an early warning and electronic-warfare aircraft for allied defense forces and the all-new 787 Dreamliner — further reduced earnings and cash flow and dis- appointed key customers and other stakeholders.
In addressing these matters, we have taken strong action to bolster our program manage- ment processes and functional oversight, applied additional resources and technical expertise and made leadership changes where we believed
it was necessary to drive better performance from our teams.
By far the biggest of our challenging programs — and the most critical to our future growth — is the 787 Dreamliner. The growing pains that we have experienced with this airplane — the first large airliner made mostly with composites rather than metal, and the fastest-selling new airplane in aviation history — are not uncommon with game- changing innovations. During the later stages of development of a new program like this one, the
leading edge of innovation sometimes turns into the bleeding edge of innovation. But there is no doubt in our mind — and our order book would attest — that the 787 is the real deal: the biggest advance in commercial aviation since the Boeing 707 at the dawn of the Jet Age.
We have transferred some of our best leadership talent from across the company to help meet the challenge of execution in this program. Though it has taken longer than anticipated, we believe that we have made good progress in identifying and resolving key problems — especially in the area of managing the extended global supply chain.
To the credit of our global team, the critical tech- nology of the 787 is proving to be sound. The structure is robust, with the big composite parts of the 787— the fuselage, wing and tail — testing even better than expected. While we face a series of critical milestones in the ground and flight testing scheduled to take place this year, we expect to field this remarkable new airplane in the first quarter of 2010.
Over the next 20 years, we estimate the ad- dressable market for the 787 class of airplanes
at 3,500 units with a total value of more than $600 billion at list prices. Fuel efficient, less costly to maintain, more comfortable for passengers and able to fly long distances, the 787 will open economical, environmentally-friendly and conven- ient service between scores of city-pairs.
Cash, Currencies and Action in Response
Our plan for navigating 2009’s headwinds begins with a dual recognition: First, the late-2008 global economic slump and financial-market meltdown have placed substantial pressure on our cus- tomers, both commercial and governmental; and second, we ourselves are subject to new chal- lenges and pressures.
Cash and asset management present new issues for our team. From 2005 through 2007, our com- pany was generating substantial amounts of cash in excess of our own immediate needs. That state of affairs ended due to the combination of factors: the two-month-long Machinists’ strike and schedule slides on key development pro- grams. We were cash-flow negative for 2008.
A more conservative allocation strategy for our pension assets paid off for us last year, with returns that were down only 15 percent com- pared to a 39-percent drop in the S&P 500 Index. We also made changes to our retirement plan for new hires that will reduce our long-term pension liabilities. However, we still face the
4

 The market value for commercial aviation is expected to grow to
$3.2 trillion over the next 20 years, providing long- term growth opportunities for Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
MARKET VALUE BY REGION
2008–2027
8%
25%
Region $B
Asia-Pacific 1,190 North America 740 Europe and CIS* 810 Middle East 260 Latin America 140 Africa 60
potential for increased pension-funding obliga- tions unless markets rebound significantly — making it all the more important that we com- pensate by accelerating gains in productivity and aggressively seeking other ways to generate or conserve cash in every part of our business.
Another new challenge revolves around the renewed strength of the U.S. dollar, which declined almost continuously against the Euro and other currencies for six years. In the dollar- denominated world of commercial airplane and military aircraft sales, a weak dollar worked to our advantage — and it put Airbus and other over- seas competitors under ever-increasing pressure to attack costs, drive productivity and increase their competitiveness. And so they have.
Now the pressure is on us. With a resurgent dol- lar, the situation has reversed itself. That is why we are taking bold measures to reassert our own competitiveness.
We are being ever more aggressive in managing both costs and investments. We have reduced our discretionary and capital-spending budgets. We have realigned our organizational structures to both streamline and strengthen them. We are eliminating what, in today’s world, constitutes unnecessary work, and we are reducing staffing levels to support a trimmed-down infrastructure. At the same time, we have tightened the integra- tion of our businesses and of the corporate func- tions that support them.
These steps are not easy, especially where they impact employment of our people, but they are necessary to preserve our financial strength in the midst of economic uncertainty, to continue investing in growth projects and to fund our com- mitments to our employees and our shareholders.
Energy and the Environment
Energy and concern for the environment continue to be huge factors in our business — and that of our customers, as well.
Regardless of the recent fall in oil prices, there is broad agreement that the long-term trend line in fossil fuel prices is upward and that resumed world economic growth will stimulate demand and cause oil prices to rise again. At the same time, there is a growing movement on the part of governments to use tax policies and regulatory powers to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, caused by the burning of fossil fuels, including the roughly two percent of world carbon-dioxide emissions attributable to commercial aviation.
The most obvious ways to limit emissions — and to contain high and volatile fuel prices — is to
use fuel more efficiently. The search for more fuel- efficient airplanes is a never-ending part of Boeing’s business. Over the past 50 years, fuel-efficiency improvements have reduced carbon-dioxide emissions by Boeing airliners by about 70 percent, while also limiting noise emissions — another important environmental factor — by 90 percent. Boeing is committed to improving the fuel effi- ciency of each new generation of commercial airplane by 15 percent, in order to attain the International Air Transport Association’s goal of a 25 percent overall improvement in fuel efficiency by 2020.
Working with other firms, Boeing has extensively researched and tested the development of advanced-generation biofuels, which could pro- vide a truly sustainable substitute for today’s jet fuel — ”sustainable” meaning new fuels that do not adversely impact world food or water sup- plies or impede valuable land use. With airline partners, we have conducted demonstration flights on Boeing airplanes with jet fuel made from various sustainable biomass sources, all
of which — unlike fossil fuels — consume carbon dioxide as they grow, helping commercial avia- tion achieve its target to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions on a life cycle basis. Tests show these sources can be blended with one another and with fossil-based fuel, thereby enhancing market readiness.
We also are committed to act as a good steward for the environment in our facilities. During 2008, we met our goal of achieving the ISO 14001 environmental management system standard at all of our major manufacturing sites, and we con- tinued to make good progress in meeting other long-term environmental performance targets by improving energy efficiency, enhancing recycling rates and reducing waste.
Leveraging Our Strengths
Many of our successes in international competi- tions have been due in part to our two core busi- nesses increasingly acting as one. As appropriate in countries around the world, people from the two businesses work closely together on com- mon strategies.
But it is not only in individual countries that we benefit from our integrated approach; it is almost everywhere within Boeing. Across the enterprise, we are slimming and streamlining our organiza- tion, and we are centralizing and consolidating more and more activities. For example, we are
    2% 4%
 38%
23%
          Total Market Value
* Commonwealth of Independent States
$3.2T
  5

consolidating our core technology development activities, including advanced manufacturing, into a single R&D organization that supports both our defense and commercial businesses; the same is true of our core test and evaluation capabilities.
In addition to collaboration that occurs in pro- grams involving military derivatives of commercial airplanes such as Airborne Laser, a directed- energy weapon system carried aboard a modified 747-400F, and the P-8A Poseidon, a military derivative of the Next-Generation 737, there are many opportunities for sharing ideas, migrating the best technical and leadership talent to where it is most needed and apportioning work to the best possible location — even if that cuts across organizational lines.
For example, when the first commercial 787s come out of flight test, they will be sent to an
IDS facility in San Antonio, Texas, to modify the airplanes and incorporate final changes or improvements prior to delivery to our commercial customers. Why this facility? Because it has had an outstanding record of success in doing this same kind of work in several military programs. And it also has become a shining example within Boeing of a site that has achieved extraordinary gains in productivity and quality through the application of Lean principles, one of our four enterprise initiatives aimed at accelerating growth and productivity through the replication and shar- ing of best ideas and practices. San Antonio has, therefore, earned the opportunity to provide the additional capacity we will need to meet the initial delivery schedule on the 787.
Everyone who is a part of Boeing is aware of leaders who have moved from one part of the business to another — and some not once but several times. The Boeing Leadership Center
has helped to make that an increasingly common occurrence, serving both as the company busi- ness-integration lab and a kind of in-house uni- versity for teaching leadership skills. In addition, the Leadership Center plays a critical role in the cultivation in future leaders of our most important values and principles, beginning with the over- riding importance of ethics and compliance in everything we do.
Difficult times such as those we are experiencing today also accentuate the need for responsible community engagement — for generosity of spirit
and concern for others outside the immediate circle of one’s family, friends and teammates.
Within Boeing, we are very fortunate to have people who are not only world-class in their
jobs, but exhibit an unrelenting generosity of
spirit and willingness to give their time and money to helping others in need. Despite the financial uncertainty that touched everyone in 2008, total employee contributions plus the com- pany match through our Employees Community Fund increased 17 percent. Our people also vol- unteered many hours of their time and expertise to organizations that strengthen education, health and human services, the environment, arts and culture and civic involvement.
In Closing
Over the course of its nearly 100-year history, the people of Boeing have consistently defeated the toughest challenges through innovation, determi- nation and a relentless focus on execution. These are the roots upon which we must rely given the steady flow of tough business challenges and market uncertainties we expect throughout 2009.
We know what we have to do to succeed. We have to execute well — in all of our programs.
We must preserve our core financial and compet- itive strengths. And we have to stay in lock-step with our customers, anticipating their needs and making sure those needs are met. These actions, underpinned by our unrelenting commitment to integrity in everything that we do, will enable
this company and its people to sow the seeds of long-term prosperity through even the most difficult of times.
Boeing stands on the brink of almost unprece- dented opportunity in a moment of unprecedented challenge. With our historic strengths and a col- lective will to succeed, we will move forward to fulfill our legacy as the global aerospace leader — today, tomorrow and far into the future.
Jim McNerney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
By increasing productivity, positioning ourselves inter- nationally and leveraging new opportunities to en- hance our products and services, we are expanding Boeing’s competitiveness to provide ample opportu- nity for future growth in IDS market share.
IDS SERVED MARKETS
Total market value $970 billion
    $142
$261
Boeing
Boeing Competitive Less Competitive
$567
      6
