OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Our purpose and mission is to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world through aerospace innovation. We aspire to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion.
Achieved record $101.1 billion in revenue from record commercial airplane deliveries, and higher defense, space and services volume.
Record core operating earnings were $10.7 billion* with core earnings per share of $16.01* driven by higher volume and strong operating performance.
Increased operating cash flow to a record
$15.3 billion and maintained cash and marketable securities of $8.6 billion, providing strong liquidity.
Replaced the existing share repurchase program with a $20 billion authorization and increased the quarterly dividend by 20 percent. The dividend has increased more than 180 percent over the past five years; while nearly $28 billion has been invested in key areas to support sustainable growth.
Delivered a record 806 commercial airplanes, including the first 787-10 Dreamliner, 737 MAX 9, 737-800 Boeing Converted Freighter and BBJ MAX.
Won 893 net orders for commercial airplanes, raising the company’s total order backlog to nearly 5,900 airplanes—worth about seven years of production.
Booked $36 billion of new Defense, Space and Security orders for a backlog of $57 billion,
30 percent of which came from international customers. Wins include future franchise opportu- nities with the T-X trainer, MQ-25 unmanned aerial refueler and the MH-139 helicopter; contracts for 18 aircraft in the fourth production lot of KC-46
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
U.S. dollars in millions except per share data 2018 Revenues 101,127
tankers and a second KC-46 tanker for Japan; and selection to modernize the U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet fleet.
Achieved Defense, Space and Security milestones, including the first flights of Apache and Chinook helicopters for the Indian Air Force; the unveiling of the SB>1 DEFIANT helicopter for the U.S. Army; and the announcement that Boeing astronaut Chris Ferguson will join the first crewed flight of the CST-100 Starliner.
In its first full year of operations, Boeing Global Services achieved 17 percent year-over-year growth; expanded its offerings by acquiring
KLX Aerospace Solutions; won a new contract for inspections, modifications and repair work on U.S. Navy F/A-18E/F Super Hornets and EA-18G Growlers; was awarded a contract to update the U.S. Navy’s P-8A Poseidon training system; and won a contract to provide crew management solutions to Shenzhen Airlines using Boeing AnalytX-powered services.
Strengthened vertical capabilities by opening Boeing Sheffield to produce actuation compo- nents for the 737 and 767 aircraft, forming a joint venture with Safran to design auxiliary power units, and creating an airplane seat joint venture with Adient.
Accelerated innovation with the launch of Boeing NeXt to leverage research and development expertise in creating future mobility solutions.
              Earnings from operations Diluted earnings per share Operating margins
Core operating earnings* Core operating margins* Core earnings per share* Operating cash flow Contractual backlog
Total backlog†
11,987 17.85 11.9% 10,660 10.5% 16.01 15,322 462,070 490,481
2017
94,005 10,344 13.85 11.0% 8,906 9.5% 12.33 13,346 456,984 474,640
2016
93,496 6,527 7.83 7.0% 5,170 5.5% 6.94 10,496 458,277 473,492
2015
96,114 7,443 7.44 7.7% 7,741 8.1% 7.72 9,363 476,595 489,299
2014
90,762 7,473 7.38 8.2% 8,860 9.8% 8.60 8,858 487,092 502,391
         *Non-GAAP measures. See page 128. †Total backlog includes contractual and unobligated backlog. See page 23 of the Form 10-K. Amounts prior to 2016, along with 2016 Backlog, do not reflect the impact of the adoption in the first quarter of 2018 of ASU No. 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); ASU No. 2017-07, Compensation–Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost; ASU 2016-18 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Restricted Cash. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
1

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE BOEING COMPANY
Innovation is at the heart of everything we do—a fact that’s more true now than ever before at Boeing. With a passion for our global customers, we’re developing new ways to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world on a foundation of sustained excellence and leadership. Looking ahead, the best is yet to come and the future is ours to build.
Dennis A. Muilenburg Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
           2

A Winning Strategy The aerospace market is strong and growing. We’ll continue to capture the opportunity before us by working together as One Boeing, strength- ening what we already do well and driving improvements as we sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress— key tenets of our powerful strategy. Set forth in our Vision, this strategy guides us in pursuit of our bold goals and aspiration to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion.
We aspire to clear a higher bar, achieving world-class performance in every area of our business when compared to leading companies both inside and outside our industry. This is important because, increasingly, we’re not just competing with aerospace companies; we’re going head-to-head with hard-charging businesses outside our sector in many areas, such as the fierce competition for talent.
While we still have work to do in pursuit of our long-term goals, I’m proud of the progress we’ve made and the success of our strategy, which is reflected in our strong 2018 performance. We booked record 2018 revenue of $101 billion, exceeding $100 billion for the first time in company history driven by record commercial aircraft deliveries; higher defense, space and security volume; and continued growth in services. While we grew our top-line, we also generated record earnings and cash, fueling investments in our people and innovation and returning value for all our stakeholders.
Our Market Opportunity With a combined market opportunity of $8.1 trillion over the next 10 years, Boeing isn’t a company in search of a market. We’re well posi- tioned to win and match the growing demand for our offerings in commercial, defense, space and services.
We forecast a need for nearly 43,000 new commercial airplanes over the next 20 years, effectively doubling the size of today’s global fleet. Our defense portfolio features proven, world-class platforms to address current needs and innovative, effective and affordable new franchise programs including the T-X trainer and MQ-25 unmanned aerial refueler. The services sector represents a significant opportunity as we aim to continue outpacing the average services market growth rate of 3.5 percent.
Our 2018 and recent 2019 milestones demonstrate our ongoing progress to meet customer needs, including first deliveries of the KC-46 tanker, 787-10 Dreamliner and
Strategy for Environmental Leadership
Strong Performance Encourages Bold, New 2025 Reduction Targets
Boeing’s environment strategy is guided by a comprehensive review and assessment of the most significant environmental challenges, including climate change risks and opportunities, facing our company and industry.
737 MAX 9; key program wins with T-X, MQ-25 and
the MH-139 helicopter; orders for 893 commercial air- planes across our portfolio; and new business successes, including services orders totaling approximately
$18 billion. This progress is fueled by our people and aligned to our strategy.
With employees in 65 countries supporting our products and services and a global supply chain leveraging the best technologies the world has to offer, we’re focused on moving faster. Our teams across the globe last year delivered the first airplane from the new 737 Completion and Delivery Center in Zhoushan, China; opened a fabrication factory in Sheffield, U.K.; announced plans to establish a research center in the Republic of Korea; and signed a joint venture agreement to provide sustainment services for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s fixed- and rotary-wing military aircraft.
In 2019, we’ll continue to lean forward. That includes building more efficient and capable airplanes; developing smarter solutions for our military customers; creating next-generation space exploration vehicles; and seizing a larger share of the services market.
Specifically, we plan to start flight-testing the 777X, continue exploring prospects for the new mid-market air- plane, and increase production of the 787 to 14 airplanes per month and the 737 to 57 airplanes per month. For the 737 program, we’ll continue to manage the recovery progress within our factory and throughout our supply chain, including ensuring production stability and rate readiness for a smooth transition. In addition, we’ll deliver more KC-46 tankers; ramp up activities for the T-X and MQ-25 programs, including the first flight of the MQ-25; prepare for uncrewed and crewed flight-tests of the CST-100 Starliner; integrate our subsidiaries further and strengthen our vertical capabilities.
We’re also sharpening our focus on profitable, long-term growth; disciplined execution of our production and development programs; and delivering greater lifecycle value. We continue to prioritize productivity, first-time quality, and workplace and product safety—mutually reinforcing objectives that are never at odds. To that end, we’ve reduced workplace injuries by nearly 40 per- cent while increasing production by 25 percent since launching our companywide safety initiative in 2013. The National Safety Council also recognized Boeing with the 2018 Robert W. Campbell Award for leadership
Investing in Our Communities
In 2018, Boeing and our employees and retirees invested a record $284 million—more than $100 million than the year before—plus thousands of employee volunteer hours to improve lives and communities where we live and work globally.
   Innovate for + Excellence in + Inspire Global Performance Sustainability Collaboration
-25% -20% -20% -10% -5%
Greenhouse Water Solid Waste Energy Hazardous Gas Emissions Consumption to Landfill Consumption Waste
  Total Giving = $284.3 Million
$243.7M + $37.6M + $3.0M Charitable and Employee Charitable Business Giving Trust Contributions
3

and excellence in incorporating environment, health and safety values and best practices at every level of the company.
We’ll take steps this year to transform our approach to first-time quality through an enterprise-wide effort, and we’re also transforming our enterprise systems and pro- cesses, creating the digital engineering, manufacturing and supply chain capabilities that will enable our future.
Portfolio of the Future With our eyes on the horizon, we’re investing in our business to drive innovation,
fuel growth and provide customers unmatched value combined with more capability, efficiency and reliability. You see this in the amazing products and services we’re bringing to market today as well as new breakthroughs.
We’re working on innovations currently that will change the world—connecting people, cultures, economies and products more easily. From artificial intelligence
and quantum computing to autonomous air vehicles, high-speed aircraft and new spacecraft that one day will transport people and cargo efficiently to and from a new space ecosystem, we’re redefining mobility. That’s why in 2018 we established Boeing NeXt, a new organization focused on defining the future of urban, regional and global mobility—and it’s already producing results.
The future of mobility will require significant technological advancements, more efficient economics, and strong safety and environmental standards. With our deep expertise across the commercial, defense and space markets, this is something only Boeing can do. We took steps toward this future when Boeing’s autonomous passenger and cargo air vehicles completed successful first flights.
Internally, we’re leveraging our talent and resources
and aligning teams to pursue innovation in key areas, including additive manufacturing, avionics, and informa- tion and data analytics to name a few. As an example, we launched a Disruptive Computing and Networks organization last year to develop computing and communications solutions for advanced commercial and government aerospace applications.
Concurrently, we’re bringing in ideas from outside the company, including through industry partners and our Boeing HorizonX innovation cell, which is uncovering and accelerating potentially transformative aerospace technologies, manufacturing innovations and emerging business models.
While organic investment remains our primary engine for innovation and growth, we’re also making complementary inorganic investments where they add strategic, long- term value. In the past year, we completed our acquisition of KLX, a major global provider of aviation parts and services, and started operations for our airplane seat
joint venture with Adient and auxiliary power units joint venture with Safran. We also moved forward on our strategic partnerships with Embraer, which when finalized will strengthen our respective commercial and defense portfolios.
Living Our Enduring Values It’s our people who bring our vision and strategy to life. Through ongoing invest- ment in them, we’re growing even stronger and more competitive with the industry’s best team and talent.
Fueled by the $300 million in investments we announced as a result of U.S. tax reform, we launched new workforce development programs last year that include an online network of resources designed to make learning more accessible to employees. We also took on significant workplace and facility upgrades to create a better work experience and foster more collaboration and increased productivity, and we demonstrated our commitment to providing teammates with training and development in critical skills through a partnership with the U.S. National Science Foundation.
We take tremendous pride in what we do at Boeing,
but it’s equally important to feel proud of how we do it.
I credit our team members for continuing to embrace new and different ways of working together as a One Boeing team with integrity, trust and respect, and demonstrating every day what it means to live our enduring values. Through their efforts, we’re creating a performance- accelerating, values-centric culture that will enable us to achieve our aspiration.
Demonstrating our values, Boeing teams also have a rich history of strengthening the global communities we call home through giving and volunteerism, additional areas
in which we continue to make significant investments. Boeing’s corporate giving exceeded $240 million in 2018 — a company record—as we continue to drive positive, lasting change across the globe in important areas such as STEM learning and veterans’ support.
Boeing’s leadership position in the aerospace industry also is making a meaningful difference in addressing aviation’s impact on climate change. Since 2007, Boeing reduced greenhouse gas emissions 28 percent while increasing aircraft deliveries 66 percent. This success led Boeing to aim for bolder future goals in a new environment strategy for 2018 to 2025. In aligning with environmental standards, we received a “leadership” ranking in climate change in 2018 from the CDP, formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project.
A Bold, Achievable Vision We have the right vision and winning strategy, the right mix of products and services, and the right team to succeed in the market- place now and for decades to come.
Everyone at Boeing has the potential to make a differ- ence, and when banded together, our collective efforts can change the world. That’s the power of One Boeing.
I look forward to realizing our incredibly promising future, together, with my Boeing teammates and our partners around the globe and to delivering innovation, inspiration and value for all our stakeholders.
Dennis A. Muilenburg Chairman, President and CEO
 4
