 Message to Shareholders
Philip M. Condit Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer

  Portfolio Mix
percent of revenues
1993 $25.4 billion revenues
 80% 20%
2002 $54.1 billion revenues
53% 47%
      Defining the Future
This is an extraordinarily dynamic time in the aerospace industry — with distressed conditions in some areas and robust growth in others. The commercial aviation market is experiencing its most severe downturn ever, and recent airline announcements confirm that recovery in the United States will be slower than many had expected. Conversely, our defense, intelligence and noncommercial space markets remain strong, with significant growth expected in several key areas.
To tell you how Boeing is doing, there are three topics that I want to cover in depth:
s Strategy
s Execution
s Markets
It begins with strategy. A robust strategy does not change every day. It can stand the test of time — and all manner of unforeseen conditions.
Execution means the same thing in business that it does in sports, games of skill or the arts. It means per- formance at a consistently high level — regardless of the lie of the ball, the luck of the cards or the complexity of the music.
“Markets” is an active concept. The best companies do more than respond to market conditions. They shape the markets of tomorrow.
So how does this apply to Boeing?
Strategy In1996,weadoptedanewstrategy.Asanew CEO, I wanted us to excel in all principal aerospace mar- kets to reduce our dependence on the cyclical commer- cial airplane market. We set out to create a diversified aerospace company of unrivaled breadth and balance.
More balance means greater stability, strength and agility.
Boeing Commercial Airplanes Integrated Defense Systems
Military Aircraft and Missile Systems
Space and Communications Boeing Capital Corporation Connexion by Boeing
Air Traffic Management
Other
And we did, through a series of mergers and acquisitions of key defense and space businesses.
More balance means greater stability, strength and agility. We can move people, ideas and technology across Boeing, and respond quickly and decisively to emerging opportunities, whenever and wherever they exist.
Now that we have a broad portfolio of businesses, we are not complacent. We continue to build on our strengths. We are exceptionally well positioned in all of our core busi- nesses. Our balanced portfolio is creating greater strength, financially and technologically, and providing a diversity of business opportunities. We remain focused on delivering outstanding performance and growing the company.
Our strategy remains consistent. First, run healthy core businesses — no exceptions and no excuses. Next, lever- age our strengths to enter new markets where we have the customer knowledge or the technology to make an immediate impact. And finally, open new frontiers in aero- space with the potential to transform the future.
Execution Execution is the key to running healthy core businesses — the key to satisfying customers and in- vestors alike. Part of execution is always doing what you say you are going to do.
Recognizing that the tragedy of September 11 seri- ously affected our airline customers, we said that we would take immediate and decisive action to match capacity to demand within our commercial airplane busi- ness, and we did. We said that we would continue to make a profit in that business, and we have. To cut pro- duction rates in half while simultaneously shortening flow times and reducing unit costs is a remarkable feat. But we did just that in 2002. And we will continue to become leaner and more efficient in 2003 and beyond. We said
 3

  that we would not be drawn into a discount or giveaway battle with Airbus, and we haven’t. Our orders booked in 2002 are priced to provide a fair return for Boeing share- holders. Finally, we said that we would continue to invest in the future of this business, and we have — pursuing an all-new airplane with real market impact and further deriv- atives within existing families of airplanes.
Inside our new Boeing Integrated Defense Systems unit, execution is the hallmark of our military aircraft and missiles business. In the stepped-up tempo of these extraordinary times, the armed forces know they can be confident in a wide array of Boeing products, including the C-17, Apache helicopter and Joint Direct Attack Munitions, to name a few. This business remains a model of reliability and excellence — in financial performance as well as tech- nical performance.
Execution in space and communications involves sys- tems integration at the highest level of knowledge and complexity. Consider the challenge of intercepting a missile in space — and potentially saving the lives of millions of people. In flight tests for the missile defense program, we demonstrated the ability to “hit a bullet with a bullet” in space. In a similar fashion, we integrated a complex array of ground and space assets as prime contractor for the International Space Station.
When we don’t execute as planned, we always ad- dress the problem forthrightly and aggressively. Our Delta IV rocket, powered by the first new rocket engine since the early 1980s — the Boeing Rocketdyne-built RS-68 — en- countered technical difficulties in early development. We overcame those, and the Delta IV performed flawlessly in its first flight on November 20. Similarly, we are addressing cost and technical problems in Boeing Satellite Systems by aggressively improving processes and implementing
best practices on our commercial satellite programs.
In addition, we are right-sizing for the satellite market to improve our performance and profitability while maintain- ing our technological leadership to benefit when the market reemerges.
Markets We are in a dramatically changed business envi- ronment. Our commercial markets remain affected by the economy, by the financial markets and by the prospect of military action in Iraq. The slow recovery of both air travel and airline profitability continues to dampen demand for new airplanes and related support. Trends vary among regions and types of carriers. But overall the downturn is severe, particularly with major U.S. carriers.
Our defense, intelligence and noncommercial space markets, however, remain extremely strong. We are very well positioned in these markets as a leading provider of both existing and emerging transformational systems. And our programs are well supported.
To define the future, we are moving from market-driven to market driving, or market shaping. That does not mean telling the customer what to do or what to buy. Rather, it means two things: first, understanding and appreciating where the customer — and the customer’s customers — want to go; and second, blazing a trail, or paving the way, to help them get to that future state.
We took this approach in our commercial airplane business when we introduced the “market-fragmentation” concept in the mid-1990s — and created a product line best suited for nonstop service between many city pairs. Today, the market is moving in that direction. Average airplane size is decreasing, and point-to-point routes
are proliferating. That is plainly the case even in today’s distressed market conditions. Despite a sharp downturn
4

  Operating Margin Rate
percent
    7.2 6.7
  6.0 5.5
  2.8
      98 99 00 01 02
We continue to generate healthy operating margins.
  in air travel and airline profitability, there are some growing and profitable carriers, like Southwest and Ryanair. These examples of market segmentation using only Boeing 737s provide the two things many people want the most — low cost and convenience.
The line of demarcation between how Boeing and Airbus are investing for the future could not be clearer. While Airbus is investing in a gigantic super jumbo, we are in- vesting in developing the Boeing 7E7, a highly efficient 200–250-seat airplane that will provide nonstop service between more city pairs. We believe millions of busy people, given a choice, will prefer to fly directly to their destinations rather than endure lengthy stopovers at major hubs like Narita and Heathrow.
Two new Boeing businesses — Connexion by BoeingSM and Boeing Air Traffic Management — have the potential to transform the future of flight. For passengers on long- distance flights, Connexion will make the airplane seem more like the office or home, allowing passengers to be connected — any time, anywhere. Just as important, it will facilitate communications between the airplane and the ground regarding plane maintenance and security, pas- senger health and inclement weather. Two major interna- tional carriers began piloting this broadband service in early 2003. A new global air traffic management system — proposed by Boeing — is receiving increased attention and focus in world capitals. It would dramatically enhance the efficiency, capacity, security and safety of the current ground-based traffic control system.
Although the downturn in the commercial airplane mar- ket has affected Boeing Capital Corporation, we continue to believe in the long-term value of commercial aviation
to the global economy and remain committed to our finance business. We continue to structure transactions
that acknowledge present and future risk, provide appro- priate returns and support our customers.
In the defense arena, there are tremendous opportuni- ties for market-shaping initiatives. The United States is now embarked on a major defense buildup. More than that, the senior leaders of the U.S. armed forces are embracing sweeping change — or “transformation” — as a strategic imperative in the post–Cold War, post–September 11 defense environment. They talk of “integrated battlespace” — a future state in which sensors and space-based com- munication systems allow our forces to know with preci- sion where everything is in relation to everything else on Earth, in the air and at sea. In a networked world of inter- operable platforms and systems, sensor-to-action times are reduced from days, or hours, to minutes, or even seconds. And it is not just commanders who will possess true situational awareness, but every soldier, sailor, pilot and crew, and marine in the battlespace. We can lift the “fog of war.”
And we have established Boeing as the leading industry partner for the U.S. military’s transformation. A few years ago, we identified a handful of transformational competi- tions as key to the future:
s Future Combat Systems for the Army
s Joint Tactical Radio Systems, a revolutionary
communications system for the Army
s FAB-T, or Family of Advanced Beyond-Line-of-Sight
Terminals for the Air Force
In 2002, we won every one of these transformational contracts. They are great growth engines for the future. Combined with other wins in missile defense, Airborne Laser and Future Imagery Architecture, Boeing is the clear leader among defense contractors in creating the network- centric defense systems of tomorrow.
5

  As important as the technology is, we know that trans- formation is about more than technology. As Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has put it, “We [must] also transform the way we think, train, exercise and fight.” Last year, we melded our military aircraft and missile systems and space and communications businesses into a single organization — Boeing Integrated Defense Systems. In doing so, we put together the platform capability resident in the one with the systems capability of the other to build the defense organization of the future.
The Future for Boeing Our financial results in 2002 were good — but with dramatic market reductions in commercial airplanes, not on a par with our results in 2001. I expect our financial results for 2003 to be solid — but they will reflect further reductions in commercial airplane deliveries. Our defense business will continue to grow and prosper. Deliveries of new commercial airplanes should reach bottom. So, as an investor, a fair question to ask is, “Why am I confident in the future of The Boeing Company?”
I will answer that both as the company’s CEO and as someone who has worked for Boeing for 37 years in some 20 different assignments. From my perspective, there are five powerful reasons. Three of them go back to what I said at the outset.
First, we have great people who are committed to excellence.
Second, we have the right strategy. This is a well- balanced enterprise with the widest and greatest set of capabilities of any aerospace company in the world. We combine strong existing programs such as the Boeing 777, Delta II and F/A-18 and great future programs such as the new, highly efficient commercial airplane, missile defense and Future Combat Systems. There is plenty of
runway for future growth and improvement.
Third, this is a company that executes well. Within our
core businesses, we will not fail to meet strict financial objectives — in bad times as well as good. So when the prolonged slump in the commercial airplane market comes to an end, Boeing will be ready with significant improvements in costs and profitability.
Fourth, Boeing is shaping the markets of tomorrow. We are doing the kinds of things that will help our customers — and our customers’ customers — accomplish their goals.
Finally, there is one more thing to consider, and that is the character and integrity of this company. There’s a good reason why Boeing is the best-known name in the field of aerospace and one of the strongest brands in the world. Through more than four generations, our people have lived up to the trust that others have placed in them. Good corporate governance — in the truest sense of the term — means a fierce and abiding commitment to doing the right thing and not just doing things right in terms of achieving a short-term objective. That way of thinking is
a vital part of the culture of this company.
At Boeing, we believe in the future of aerospace. And
we’re focused on defining that future. Forever New Frontiers,
Philip M. Condit
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 6
