2
Message From Our Chairman
 W. James McNerney, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

To the Shareholders and Employees of
The Boeing Company: Breakthrough innovation is what we do. But it is seldom easy. Add global economic turbulence to the mix, and the chal- lenges of 2009 were among the biggest in our 94-year history.
In the end, it was a year of notable achievement, culminating with the historic first flight of the breakthrough 787 Dream- liner. Through the tireless determination
of employees who proudly serve our cus- tomers every day, I believe we’ve turned momentum in our favor for addressing the challenges that still lie ahead.
2009 Review
During the year, we confronted unprec- edented market environments. The global recession and record-setting declines
in passenger and cargo air traffic drove Boeing Commercial Airplanes orders down, softened its services revenues and slowed wide-body airplane production rates. Boeing Defense, Space & Security (formerly Integrated Defense Systems) was challenged by the changing priorities of the U.S. Department of Defense and other agencies as they addressed their own budget pressures; we felt the impact most in our Army modernization and mis- sile defense programs.
Despite these stresses, and not- withstanding our development-program challenges, our core operating perfor- mance was strong:
– We booked record revenues; retained a large, diverse total backlog (which stood at $316 billion at year end); and main- tained strong liquidity and cash flows.
– Our services businesses and the vast majority of our production programs — including the 737, 777 and our portfolio of military aircraft — generated solid profit margins.
– We delivered 481 commercial
airplanes — including the most-ever 737s and 777s in a given year — along with 121 military aircraft and six satellites.
– Boeing Capital, our financing arm, suc- cessfully engaged third-party financiers to support our customers’ deliveries, while generating solid pre-tax earnings, reducing its portfolio and returning cash dividends to the company.
We made important progress on several development programs — in delivering the first 777 freighters, winning full-rate production approval for the EA-18G electronic-warfare aircraft, flying the first 737-based P-8A maritime patrol
aircraft and performing well on the Brigade Combat Team Modernization program (formerly Future Combat Systems). However, a reclassification of costs on the 787 program and higher costs on the 747-8 (due in part to difficult market conditions) significantly affected our overall financial results. By year’s end, however, our team had made substantial progress on these programs, too. Both airplanes are now in flight testing and are steadily reducing risk as they move through the certification process.
Preparing for an Eventual Rebound
With two tough years behind us, and our financial strength and competitive strate- gies intact, we enter 2010 with growing confidence about the future. Yet we are acutely aware that this is no time for com- placency. We must execute exceptionally well, support our customers better every day and preserve our financial position in a tenuous economy. Our basic challenge is to balance the financial with the strate- gic; it is to produce the short-term results that will enable us to pursue long-term growth objectives.
Although the global economy shows signs of improvement, we believe it will take some time for economic indicators to rebound significantly. Fortunately, our discipline in setting commercial airplane production rates and diversifying our customer base during the recent up-cycle is paying off. We ended 2009 with Commercial Airplanes’ backlog holding strong at more than 3,300 firm orders valued at $250 billion. We believe the strength of this backlog is sufficient to keep our production lines full until an ex- pected recovery in order activity in 2012. The commercial airplane market remains a substantial long-term growth opportu- nity, and we are strongly positioned for the eventual rebound.
At the same time, we anticipate a continued flattening and reprioritization of U.S. defense budgets, given the size of the federal deficit and spending increases in other areas. Defense markets outside the U.S. are expanding, however, as more countries are making market- and technology-based decisions on defense and security products. That has created
3

 As we begin 2010, our fundamental product-and- services strategy and competitive- ness remain intact, as reflected in our year-end backlog of $316 billion.
Total Backlog*
($ in billions) 09
08
07
06
05
Commercial Airplane Deliveries
For 2009, we delivered 481 com- mercial airplanes (including the most-ever 737 and 777 deliveries in
a given year), our 6,000th 737 and our first 777 Freighter.
  315.6
351.9 327.1
2005 – 2009 09
08
07
06
05   290
481
375
441
398
            250.2 205.2
     4
*Total backlog includes contractual and un- obligated backlog. See page 20 of the 10-K.
huge opportunities for Boeing. International sales have grown from just 7 percent
of total defense revenues in 2004 to 15 percent in 2009. Over the next five years, we expect international sales to increase to as much as a quarter of defense and security revenues.
Given these market conditions and our commitments to our customers, we have set clear priorities for 2010 and beyond:
Deliver on Our Development Programs
Our top priority is to deliver on the incred- ible promise of our major development programs, starting with the 787 Dreamliner, which accounts for nearly 40 percent of our contracted backlog.
Made mostly with composites rather than metals, the 787 is the most impor- tant new airplane since the Boeing 707
at the dawn of the Jet Age, half a century ago. The Boeing 787 marks a major advance in fuel efficiency. It will soon become known as the world’s most com- fortable passenger jet — with the lightest environmental footprint in its class. It will connect scores of new city-pairs around the globe and change the way airplanes are made through the rest of this century.
While we have clearly experienced unforeseen difficulties in this program, including last year’s delayed first flight, the 787 remains the best-selling new airplane in history, with approximately 850 orders from 56 customers around the world.
The innovation brought to life in the 787 should separate us from our com- petitors for many years to come — and in ways that reach beyond the 787 itself. We already have applied key elements of that innovation to the 747-8, which entered flight testing in February 2010. With 108 total orders on the books, including 76 for the freighter version and a second major passenger-airline order secured at the end of 2009, the outlook for this airplane
and its unmatched efficiency remains solid despite temporary weakness in the demand for very large airplanes.
As testing of both airplanes contin- ues, their production ramp-ups are also progressing. We plan to deliver our first 787 and 747-8 Freighter late this year, and our first passenger variant of the 747-8 in the fourth quarter of 2011.
Even as our Commercial Airplanes production programs continue to per- form well, improving our performance
on development programs remains an intense focus. We have incorporated les- sons learned from our setbacks and are strengthening ourselves where we need to do so — particularly in our program- management and engineering organiza- tions, processes and leadership.
We have also taken steps to reduce risk in our supply chain. We have brought certain work back inside Boeing, and we have increased visibility and co- ordination across all suppliers with new information technology tools. Through the purchase of Vought and Global Aeronautica facilities in North Charleston, South Carolina, and the establishment of a 787 final assembly facility there, we will also improve our long-term competitive- ness and reduce the risk of production interruptions for our customers.
Accelerate the Repositioning
of Our Defense Business
No other company possesses a more complete range of technical capabilities in defense, space and security than Boeing.
Over the years, this side of our busi- ness has consistently delivered strong operating performance and had great success in capturing new and follow-on contracts. Through a series of acquisi- tions over the past two years, we have been reshaping our capabilities in antici- pation of shifting customer needs.

 With a projected market value of $3.2 trillion over
the next 20 years, commercial aviation will continue to expand and provide long-term growth opportunities.
Region $B
Asia-Pacific 1,130 Europe 800 NorthAmerica 680 Middle East 300 LatinAmerica 150 Russia &
Central Asia 90 Africa 70
Market Value by Region
Addressable Defense, Space and Security Market 2010–2014 ($ in billions)
With a projected addressable market of nearly $1 trillion over the next five years, Boeing will continue to pursue and deliver product and service growth opportunities across our core, adjacent and inter- national markets.
Products Services
2009 – 2028
35%
2% 3%
25%
5%
360
   9%
21%
Core U.S.
170
Core International
Adjacent U.S. & International
    430
       Total Addressable $0 200 400
600
800
960
1,000
       Total Market Value
$3.2T
Our focus here is three-fold: extend our existing lines of business, capture a healthy share of international defense
and services opportunities and move aggressively into high-growth adjacencies (both civilian and government) with investments in cyber-security, intelligence and surveillance, unmanned systems, logistics command and control, energy solutions and infrastructure services.
In 2009, we made progress on all three fronts. We added either U.S. or international orders for several existing programs, including the C-17, F/A-18 and Chinook, as well as 27 major services
and support contracts. We also had key unmanned systems and cybersecurity wins and won three Smart Grid demon- stration awards from the U.S. Department of Energy, where we will endeavor to apply our capability in large-scale systems integration to the creation of a more efficient, environmentally progressive and secure power-distribution system. And
we became the sole finalist as delivery partner for the United Kingdom’s Future Logistic Information Systems program.
Expand Our International Advantage
Our international relationships, reputation and experience are among this com- pany’s strongest competitive advantages. And our opportunity is large and growing: More than 80 percent of our current Commercial Airplanes backlog will go to international customers, and a big percentage of future growth in Defense, Space & Security will come from interna- tional markets. So we must continue to address market opportunities as one company — with a global team that broadens and deepens our relationships with customers, governments, non- governmental organizations, technology centers, industry partners and communi- ties. This approach resulted in recent
multi-billion-dollar defense sales to Australia, India, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. But we’ve only scratched the surface of how much we can achieve as we compete for new business in 2010 and beyond.
Grow Our Services Businesses
In 2009, our services businesses account- ed for more than $13 billion of revenue. Defense services earned double-digit margins and grew its top line 18 percent. Commercial services also maintained double-digit margins even as it experi- enced marketplace realities that brought its revenue down 6 percent. Meanwhile, both services businesses have been improving customer satisfaction and reducing costs by sharing infrastructure, logistics, training and technology in key areas. Both also have worked together
to integrate acquisitions that are making meaningful financial contributions in a difficult market while sowing seeds of growth that will flourish when today’s struggling commercial markets revive.
Drive Innovation Through Focused R&D
We have made excellent progress in aligning our technology investments with our overall business strategies and managing them centrally. In 2009, our enterprise technology team found hun- dreds of millions of dollars in synergies that will allow us to spend once, reap multiple benefits and generate greater impact from the company’s substantial investment in research and development.
Last year we also strengthened the role of Boeing Research & Technology, our central research arm, and consolidated our multiple test-and-evaluation teams into a single companywide organization — Boeing Test & Evaluation, which is responsible
for all of our flight and laboratory testing.
5

 On a revenue- adjusted basis, Boeing has reduced CO2 emissions by 31 percent, energy consumption by
32 percent and hazardous-waste generation by 38 percent since 2002.
ProgressAchieved %
CO2 Emissions Intensity 31
EnergyEfficiency 32 HazardousWaste 38
Performance indicators normalized to revenue. Energy: MMBtu/$ million CO2 Emissions:
metric ton/$ million Hazardous Waste: ton/$ million
Environmental Footprint Reduction*
(Percent) 100% 75% 50% 25%
0%
02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 *Major U.S. sites
This consolidation and alignment allows us to eliminate redundancies while expanding capabilities to speed new products to market.
Maintain Our Financial Strength
In 2009, employee teams across the company rose to the challenge of
Investing in Our Communities
In addition to more than $142 million from Boeing, its employees and The Boeing Company Charitable Trust, Boeing employees volunteered many hours to help improve lives and communi- ties worldwide.
$ million
Charitable
Grants 57.00
Business
Donations 45.47
Employee Contributions 39.47
In-kind
Donations 0.95
39.9%
0.7%
   27.6%
       31.8%
       Corporate Citizenship
Total
$142.89
Boeing and its people continue to make steady progress in protecting the environ- ment and helping to meet vital needs in communities all around the world.
We remain on track to achieve ag- gressive five-year targets for 25-percent improvements in greenhouse-gas
improving productivity through Lean+
and our other growth-and-productivity initiatives. That focus, along with disci- plined cash management, helped Boeing generate $5.6 billion of operating cash flow while at the same time enabling significant investments in programs (such as the 787 and 747-8) that will grow our business in the years ahead. We also issued $5 billion of corporate debt at very attractive rates.
In starting 2010 with more than
$11 billion of cash and marketable securities, Boeing has sufficient liquidity to continue investing in our development efforts and growth strategies — while navigating ongoing market uncertainties. And we have renewed our commitment to manage our finances just as tightly this year as we did last.
Empower a New Generation of Leaders
I believe we have the best overall team
in the industry. But our goal is to develop an even better team for the future. So
we have proactively moved promising leaders into key positions based on how well they perform their jobs, develop their own teams, act with integrity and model the company’s Leadership Attributes (chart the course, set high expectations, inspire others, find a way, live the Boeing values and deliver results). We will continue to develop and promote leaders on this basis, stretching ourselves to make Boeing a better company with each passing day.
emissions intensity, energy efficiency, recycling rates and hazardous waste at our major manufacturing facilities.
Our team also showed tremendous generosity of spirit throughout the
global recession. In total, Boeing, its employees and The Boeing Company Charitable Trust contributed more than $142 million — and employees also volunteered many hours of their time and expertise — to help improve lives and communities worldwide in 2009.
In Closing
These are challenging times for most businesses. They are challenging for us. The people of Boeing have been tested. And we have pulled together. I believe the actions we are taking today will make this company even more competitive for decades to come. We are energized, focused on shared objectives and ready to take advantage of the tremendous opportunities that call out for this com- pany’s unique strengths. I am honored
to lead the Boeing team as we strive to make this the strongest, best and best- integrated aerospace-based company in the world — for today and tomorrow.
Jim McNerney Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6
