 Looking Back, Forging Ahead
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: This will be my final letter to you as chairman and chief executive officer of your company.
In the fall of 1998, when we created the new Bank of America, the board of directors asked me to remain as CEO past the normal retirement age. I agreed to stay on long enough to see us through the merger transition and set the company on a strong course for the future. While we clearly have many challenges still to face, it is my judgment that we have largely reached these milestones. As such, I have decided the time is right to hand the reins of your company to a new generation of leadership.
To this end, I have informed our board of directors that I will retire from the company on April 25, 2001 at our annual shareholders meeting. The board, in turn, has named Kenneth D. Lewis, currently president and chief operating officer of your company, chairman-elect and CEO-elect. Mr. Lewis will assume those offices immediately upon my retirement.
A Year of Progress and Challenges In 2000, our company had operating earnings of $7.86 billion on revenues of more than $33 billion and a return on common equity of 16.7%. In the 18 months ended December 31, we repurchased 146 million shares of our common stock at an investment of $8.1 billion, reducing our shares out- standing by 8%. A more complete description of the year’s financial results can be found on page 7.
    Grow a Reputation Bank of America continues to achieve industry prominence and earn awards and citations from a broad range of organizations for its business successes, work- place innovations and contributions to its com- munities. Following are highlights from 2000:
Received NAACP Corporate Excellence Award and scored highest rank in NAACP’s first consumer report card on the banking industry.
Ranked by Working Mother magazine as one of the nation’s top 10 companies for working mothers.
 2
 
We made significant progress in executing our corporate strategy, which, as I wrote last year, calls for us to integrate the delivery of our products and services on behalf of our customers; reward customers for bringing us more of their business; and align our financial and intellectual resources with revenue opportunities and customer solutions. I’ve asked Ken, as the chief architect of this growth strategy and the leader responsible for tactical execution, to report on this progress in a separate President’s Letter to Shareholders. You will find Ken’s letter on page 8.
Strategic and tactical progress notwithstanding, our financial performance in 2000 was disappointing, as we missed our annual financial goals for growth in revenue, net income and earnings-per-share by significant margins. The weakness in these financial results – and the resulting weakness in our stock price – was due to several factors.
First, along with the rest of our industry, our earnings and our stock came under pressure from higher interest rates, as we predicted last year. Prior to this month’s cuts in short-term interest rates, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board raised short-term interest rates six times dating back to June of 1999 for a total of 175 basis points, increasing the cost of capital and narrowing margins.
Second, in the fall, strong earnings gains in core businesses began to be offset by weakening credit quality in the corporate sector. It is becoming increasingly clear that the credit quality situation is more than an anomaly; rather, we appear to be on the front end of an overall weakening in the credit cycle that will more than likely continue to impact earnings well into 2001.
That said, we believe that Bank of America is better-positioned than most other banks to withstand an economic slowdown and accompanying decline in credit quality. In fact, with more than $50 billion in capital and reserves and pre-tax operating income of more than $3 billion per quarter, we are well-prepared to weather the inevitable ups and downs in the credit cycle. We have taken a number of specific actions to attempt to mitigate this increase in credit risk, including rigorous reviews of our portfolio, lowering limits, tightening underwriting and hedging where possible. We also believe that we will benefit in relation to our competitors in the months to come from our size, geographic reach and the diversity in our loan portfolio.
Third, while we are seeing strong initial results of strategy execution in many areas of the bank, overall progress has not been as rapid as we projected. We took several aggressive steps last year to speed the transformation of the company, including our decision in July to reduce middle-management positions dramatically, which is stream- lining the organization, moving decision-making closer to the customer and freeing up funds for investment in growth opportunities. Other initiatives include a company-wide effort to bring performance measurements and incentive plans into alignment with new strategic and tactical goals, and customer service improvements that have resulted in consistently better rates of customer satisfaction.
Although I am as disappointed as any other shareholder in the performance of our stock, I must reiterate what I wrote last year in this regard. Our company is undergoing a transformation from top to bottom that is predicated on a long-term, customer-focused strategy for internal growth. The evidence, as discussed briefly below and in more detail
                                                                                                   Nations Funds mutual funds topped $100 billion in assets.
Received the United Way of America Spirit of America Award.
Received the Distinguished Corporate Award from the U.S. Department of Com- merce Minority Business Development Agency.
                 3
 
throughout this report, shows that our strategy is working and that our primary growth engines are gaining momentum in the marketplace.
The stock market, appropriately, continues to take a wait-and-see approach, even as issues such as interest rates, credit quality and the slowing growth of the overall economy present new challenges to strategic execution and make judgments about our long-term earnings potential difficult. Despite these factors, I believe that our core businesses will continue to grow and improve, and that, ultimately, the value they create will be recognized by investors.
The Company We’ve Built In the midst of unmistakably difficult times, I remain confident. There are good reasons for this confidence.
We are building this company with a clear vision of what we want to be for our customers and clients. In short, we are building an organization that will provide greater value, convenience, capability and expertise to more customers and clients than any other company in the U.S. financial services industry. We may not want to be all things to all people, but we do want to be the primary source of financial services to more people and organizations than anyone else.
The major components necessary to turn this vision into reality are all in place. We have the largest geographic retail banking franchise in the nation, with a leading presence in all the country’s highest-growth markets. We do business with more than one in three households within our franchise and more than 2 million U.S. businesses. Our delivery network is unmatched, with more banking centers and ATMs than any competi- tor, the busiest telephone banking call centers in the country and the largest Internet banking customer base in the world. We offer a broad array of products and services, enabling all our customers and clients – from individuals to corporations – to manage their finances as a whole, easily and confidently. We have capital strength, visionary leadership and more than 140,000 talented, dedicated associates working hard to accom- plish shared goals.
With these pieces in place, we began the difficult task of pulling it all together and making the machine run the way it was designed to run: not as a disjointed collection of individual businesses, but as a unified whole that creates value for customers and clients. This idea has everything to do with the articulation of our corporate strategy, which is to integrate businesses, reward broad relationships and align resources effectively. Despite the financial “noise” created by the factors cited above, the underlying evidence is that the strategy is working.
For example, in our retail bank, a critical component of strategic execution is broad- ening and deepening existing customer relationships. To reward customers for bringing us more of their business, we are creating value packages that encourage customers to expand their relationships with us from a single product up through several identified multi-product service levels. The value proposition is quite simple: customers who hold very few, basic Bank of America products – say, a checking account or a credit card – are encouraged to consolidate their business with the bank, including savings and invest- ments, brokerage services, auto or other consumer loans, mortgages or home equity
                                                                                                                                       Recognized by Global Finance magazine as one of the “Best Retail Internet Banks” in North America.
Named one of America’s top companies for women’s businesses by the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.
CEO Hugh McColl received Excelente Award for being the “Most Supportive Person of the Latin American Community.”
    4
  
loans, and other products and services. In return for bringing us more of their business, these customers qualify for reduced fees, enhanced services and other benefits.
The results are positive, measurable and dramatic. Since the beginning of 1999, customers in two of these service levels – Plus and Premier – each have increased by more than 25%, even as our total number of retail customers has remained relatively unchanged. The benefits for customers is clear. And so is the benefit to the bank: when non-relationship households become Plus or Premier households, relationship-net-income more than doubles.
Progress is evident in other high-growth businesses as well, including Asset Management, where mutual fund assets grew 35% during the year, topping the $100 bil- lion mark in August. Balances in Money Manager, our combined investing and banking account, increased 65% to more than $20 billion. And while we expect that Global Corporate and Investment Banking growth will slow this year due to weakened condi- tions in the capital markets, this group continues to gain market share, breaking into the top 10 in league table rankings in almost every significant product category, and will be in a very strong position when the markets regain momentum.
At the same time our front line businesses are strengthening and expanding cus- tomer relationships, our associates in technology and R&D continue to work toward building the “digi-brick” institution we wrote about last year, combining the best of the physical and virtual worlds to deliver a 21st-century financial services experience to our customers. These associates are accomplishing this goal by implementing innovative technology solutions, and by forming strategic partnerships with myriad new corporate partners to give our customers access to all the newest capabilities they need. You can read more about how we’re making good on this part of our vision on page 24.
Our associates are keeping their eyes on the ball and building this company for the future. My judgment – which is supported by positive trends in customer service and growth in our key businesses – is that we have the right business strategy and a sound long-term plan. I continue to believe that when the dust settles and the clouds lift, Bank of America will emerge as the best financial services company in the country, with a stock price to match its fundamentally solid financial performance.
Looking Ahead Today, the company we have built during the 17 years of my tenure as CEO is positioned for great success. Our current challenges may delay that success. But the potential, the plan, the resources and the leadership are all here in abundance, and the combination of these assets gives me great confidence.
In my judgment, it also is important to remember that our company continues to be a strong leader and a driving force for good in all the communities where we do busi- ness. Business challenges have not caused us to diminish our community development activities, as we announced last May that we exceeded our first-year target in our unprece- dented $350 billion, ten-year commitment to investing in low-to moderate-income American neighborhoods. The Bank of America Foundation also remains strong, as we topped the list of U.S. corporate foundations measured by cash contributions, and won the
                                                                                                                                 Winner of National Real Estate Investor’s 2000 Leadership Award for Top Financial Firm.
Received Business Committee for the Arts and Forbes maga- zine Founder’s Award for exceptional long-term leader- ship and commitment to alliances with the arts.
Certified as top-quality provider of trade and cash management services in Asia by the International Standards Organization.
 5
  
coveted United Way Spirit of America Award, having excelled in all four major award cate- gories: corporate contributions, employee campaigns, major gifts and volunteer programs.
I often have said that while a company’s highest priority must be achieving financial results, its reason for being must be something quite different. People, after all, deter- mine the ultimate success or failure of any organization, and people are seldom inspired to greatness solely by means of material reward. Rather, we inspire hard work, determi- nation, innovation and loyalty by building a company people believe in and care about. And that means building a company that takes care of all its stakeholders: shareholders, customers, associates and communities.
In other words, while companies are frequently described in terms of the numbers they generate – assets, revenue, net income or market capitalization – these numbers fail to paint the full picture of the people who come together in an enterprise, day-in and day-out, to work toward shared goals. In this regard, we view community development activities, associate programs and philanthropy as part of the cultural foundation upon which the company and its future success must be built. This is the legacy our past lead- ers left to my stewardship, and it’s a legacy I am proud to pass on to my successors.
At the January 2001 meeting of the board, our directors unanimously chose Ken Lewis to lead our company. Ken is a proven leader with tremendous management skill and a strong vision for what Bank of America can become in the future. He inspires the trust of his teammates, and will undoubtedly lead this company to overcome great challenges and achieve great successes. Ken is supported by an outstanding executive management team, which will work directly with him to lead our company.
I would like to congratulate Ken, and express the confidence I have in all our leaders and their ability to fulfill our vision for Bank of America. I also would like to thank the members of our board – in particular, Sol Trujillo, who retired from the board last year – for their service and guidance. You all have my sincere gratitude.
As I prepare to bring my 41-year career here to a close, our company faces a new beginning, even as the challenges to success have never been greater. However, with a clear vision, plentiful resources, strong leadership and the best people in the industry, I know the future will be bright.
In closing, I would like to thank all of you for your support over the many years
I have had the privilege to occupy this position. And, as always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.
Hugh L. McColl, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer January 25, 2001
    Honored by Minority MBA magazine as one of the nation's top 10 companies for corporate diversity and opportunities for MBA professionals of color.
Named best supplier of banking services to small business by Small Business Computing magazine.
Named Large Employer of the Year by Goodwill Industries.
 6
®
 