Brian T. Moynihan Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders, In 2013, the earnings power of our company began to shine through more clearly. The strategy we outlined several years ago is driving growth as we better connect the outstanding capabilities of our company for the three groups of customers we serve: people, companies and institutional investors. We are helping our teams to connect more deeply with each other so that we can bring everything to bear that customers and clients need to live their financial lives.
For the year, net income increased to $11.4 billion from $4.2 billion a year ago. These results are some of the best we have seen in recent years and a testament to the work the team is doing every day to win in the marketplace. Last year, Tier 1 common capital grew by 9 percent, and our regulatory capital measures exceed all long-term requirements. Liquidity and time-to-required funding also strengthened, and long-term debt has been reduced by more than $200 billion from its peak, all of which enabled our company to return more than $3 billion in capital to shareholders last year through common share repurchases. We know this is important to you as shareholders and let me assure you the company is committed to returning excess capital over time through both repurchases and dividends.

Life's better when we're connected

For Bank of America, growth means making everyday connections -- every day. Here's how:

50M

consumer and small business relationships in the U.S.

14M+

banking customers are now making mobile connections, staying in touch with their finances anytime, anywhere

At the same time, we are making more loans, attracting more deposits, achieving record results in our wealth management business, and maintaining our leadership positions in investment banking. We continue to invest in many areas of the company -- averaging about $3.5 billion in initiative spending each year for the past three years. We're investing in our industry-leading online and mobile banking platforms. We're also investing in growth areas, including small business and wealth management. And, we're investing in the systems that serve our large corporate clients and institutional investors.

We have commercial banking relationships with 83 percent of the 2013 Global Fortune 500 and 98 percent of the 2013 U.S. Fortune 500.
While our earnings nearly tripled from 2012 to 2013, we know we have more work to do to reach our full earnings potential. As we think about the opportunities we have, we are focused on a very straightforward purpose: to help make financial lives better, through the power of every connection. What you will see throughout this report are examples where we are doing that in markets across the United States and beyond. Everywhere we operate, our teams are exchanging information and opportunities about the customers and clients they serve, and we are tracking closely to ensure that we are giving those customers the opportunity to do with us all the things they must do to live their financial lives.

8M

mass affluent clients and 3 million entrepreneurs and small business clients connected to 5,151 banking centers and 16,259 ATMs
1

(in billions, full year)

$11.4

Net income

The results are on vivid display throughout these pages...from a brewery in Brooklyn to a lumberyard in Los Angeles...from the second-largest mergers and acquisitions deal in history to supporting a company bringing clean water to the developing world...the stories here demonstrate the power of building relationships, the power of meeting our clients in the markets where they operate and connecting them to the resources they need. For people, customers benefit from our focus on helping them achieve their goals. Deposits and total client balances both are at record levels as clients are bringing more of their business to us. For the year, we issued nearly 4 million new credit cards and helped 365,000 customers purchase or refinance a home. Our wealth management business had a banner year with record revenue, pretax margin and net income. For companies, they understand the value in our relationship approach and see it as a competitive differentiator. For the year, we extended $10.7 billion in credit to small business clients -- an increase of 24 percent over last year. We also had strong commercial loan growth and our global banking loan flows have been growing for six consecutive quarters. Most notably, our investment banking team has had a consistent No. 2 global ranking for the past several years -- and in the fourth quarter of 2013 we surpassed the competition to become No. 1. We advised on half of the top 20 deals of last year, including Verizon, HJ Heinz and Silver Lake/Dell. For institutional investors, we have the size, scale and global markets capabilities important to these clients. And, we have the No. 1 research firm in the world, for the third straight year. Our sales and trading platform is strong and had $13.1 billion in revenue for the year -- an 11 percent increase from last year.

'11 '12 '13

$1.4

$4.2 $644.5
(in billions, full year)

'11 '12 '13

Life's better when we're connected
ATM with Teller Assist This next-generation banking offering combines the technology and convenience of an ATM with the human touch of a teller. Customers have access to a range of services during extended hours to address their daily banking needs, and it provides convenience, control and flexibility over how, when and where they bank.
2

$605.4

Capital raised for clients

$700.1

Exact change at the ATM New technology allows our customers to get exactly what they need, straight out of the machine.

We are helping customers live their financial lives everywhere we serve them; in 2013, deposit levels reached a record $1.12 trillion while we increased our loans and leases by $20 billion to $928 billion, led by strong lending to commercial businesses.
No matter where I've traveled, our employees have energy and optimism about the future. All over the world, our team is hard at work serving customers and improving the communities where they live and work. Last year alone, Bank of America employees gave more than 2 million volunteer hours investing in the causes important to them, fulfilling a longstanding tradition of volunteerism that our company is proud to support.

(at year-end)

'11 '12 '13

All of these efforts are in keeping with our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) philosophy, which informs our company's values and provides a platform to support partnerships in the public and private sectors, and reinforces our mission of helping local economies and communities grow and prosper. Whether it's our partnership with (RED) to help end mother-to-child transmission of AIDS, or our work with military veterans to help them transition from active duty with jobs, training and education, or how we are improving financial literacy through our Better Money Habits program in partnership with Khan Academy, these and many other initiatives demonstrate our commitment to helping our customers, clients, employees and community partners address a wide range of issues that are important to them.

9.86%

11.06%
$13.36

Tier 1 common capital ratio

(at year-end)

'11 '12 '13

In 2013, we partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to develop Better Money HabitsTM, a program designed to help everyone learn about personal finance. Every day we connect people to free, engaging and informative videos and resources on www.BetterMoneyHabits.com, and reinforce the lessons through our interactions with customers and the community.

Better Money Habits

TM

Powered by

in partnership with

$12.95

Tangible book value per share

$13.79
3

11.19%

Our financial advisors are deepening relationships with their clients. In 2013, our Global Wealth and Investment Management business reported record revenue of $17.8 billion and record net income of $3 billion.
As we look ahead, we will continue to pursue the same strategy that has served us well these past several years -- a strategy to make our company more straightforward; a strategy to serve the core financial needs of our customers; a strategy to manage risk, maintain strong capital and liquidity, and to operate efficiently and reduce costs. This is what will drive results and progress. In the summer of 2014, Bank of America will celebrate 230 years of operations. Our company traces its roots almost to the very beginning of our country's history. Today, our commitment to our customers and communities, and to help be an engine of economic growth, is as strong as it has ever been. We value your investment greatly and thank you for continuing to share this journey with us. Thank you,

Brian T. Moynihan Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2014

The power of global connections

$700B
in capital raised for clients
4

No.1

Global research firm (2011, 2012, 2013) according to Institutional Investor magazine

