Revenue
(in billions, fully taxable-equivalent basis)

To Our Shareholders
2006 was another demonstration of the many paths to growth available to your company, and our proven ability to drive growth through the competitive advantages Bank of America brings to the marketplace. Our ability to innovate, integrate and execute to serve customers' needs enabled us to grow our customer relationships last year. At the same time, our associates again demonstrated that few of our peers are as efficient, effective or profitable at integrating acquisitions to enhance shareholder value. Our efforts were recognized by investors, as our shares appreciated 16 percent during the year, exceeding the performance of the S&P 500 Index. Bank of America today is one of the largest companies in the world; we were the fifth most profitable company in 2006 with a net profit of more than $21 billion. But while we have built leading positions in many customer segments and product lines in banking, our market penetration is actually small, given our potential, in a number of areas, such as first mortgage lending, small business lending, capital markets and wealth management. These and other areas of opportunity are discussed in this annual report. Our new marketing platform, Bank of Opportunity , reflects our vision for Bank of America as a catalyst to create opportunities for all of our constituencies, from customers and associates to communities and shareholders. We are building a financial services company that offers the most convenient banking network for our retail customers coast-to-coast and a global capital markets platform to serve our corporate and institutional clients. We are building a company that consistently leverages information and market knowledge to innovate for customers and clients; that knows how to integrate its operations and businesses to create greater value for customers and shareholders alike; and that delivers the highest standard of service
TM

'04

$49.7 '05 $56.9 '06 $74 .2

quality to consumers, businesses and institutions of all sizes. In sum, we are building a financial services company that people and organizations throughout the United States and around the world instinctively seek out to help them create, build, preserve and grow the wealth they need to seize their opportunities, achieve their goals and realize their dreams. In this letter, I will discuss some of our strategies for fulfilling this vision, and I encourage you to review the articles that follow, in which we connect opportunities created for customers to value created for shareholders. First, though, I'd like to review some of our financial results from 2006.

Strong financial performance yet again. In 2006 Bank of America earned a record $21 billion. While earnings were up 28 percent on a 30 percent rise in revenue, much of that increase was driven by the addition of MBNA. A better measure of the year's success was the 14 percent increase in diluted earnings per share. Adding MBNA's results back into our 2005 financial results to create an apples-to-apples comparison, revenue was up 10 percent in 2006 while we controlled expenses and achieved merger-related savings.

Bank of America 2006 3

We have consistently demonstrated our ability to manage expenses and produce positive operating leverage.
This strong financial performance has enabled us to continue our record of returning capital to shareholders. 2006 was our 29th consecutive year of raising our quarterly dividend, which increased by 12 percent to $0.56. Over that time, our dividend has increased at a compound annual growth rate of 13 percent. We also returned $9.5 billion to shareholders in 2006 by repurchasing shares. Last year's financial results were gratifying, given external headwinds our industry faced in 2006 in the form of a flat-toinverted yield curve and rising credit costs, which we will most likely continue to face in 2007. The yield curve continues to be flat to inverted. The curve represents the spread between short- and long-term interest rates and is an indicator of the opportunity that banks have to generate net interest income. We believe we are better positioned than many of our competitors in this environment. Our revenue mix is now more than 50 percent fee income, and this change in mix has allowed us to continue to operate within our long-term target of 6 to 9 percent annual revenue growth even as net interest income growth has been reduced to low single digits. The normalization of credit costs has long been anticipated. Credit costs have remained historically low across most segments of the economy during the recent years of economic expansion. As net charge-offs and provision expense normalize, bank earnings will be pressured. We believe we are in a good position to weather any credit issues we currently see on the horizon. The breadth of our franchise across geographies, market segments, industries and asset classes makes our credit portfolio inherently diverse and granular. Our ability to distribute credit risk through the securitization of various asset classes adds further stability. And as our risk managers analyze information about our customers in ever more sophisticated ways, we can grow our portfolio without significantly increasing our risk profile. In fact, in some parts of our business we are actually saying "yes" to more customers while at the same time improving the average quality of our loans. Operating leverage is perhaps our most important answer to both the yield curve and credit costs. We have consistently demonstrated our ability to manage expenses and produce positive operating leverage -- the difference between the rate of revenue growth and the rate of expense growth. This performance enables us to invest in our businesses even when revenue is under pressure.

The company we're building. At the beginning of this letter
I described our vision for Bank of America. Investors tend to ask tough questions about our strategy that deserve answers: First: Is Bank of America too big to grow at attractive rates? Our answer: Absolutely not. While Bank of America is large in the aggregate, we compete in markets -- defined by geography, product or market segment -- in which our current share of the market is much

4 Bank of America 2006

Net Income
(in billions)

'04

$13 .9 '05 $16 .5 '06 $21. 1

smaller than the "natural share" we should expect given the size of our company. In the retail markets, that natural share is defined somewhat by our deposit share in a given geographic market. Examples of product Total annualized shareholder return markets in which we have plenty of of 20% since room to run include mortgage, home December 31, equity and small business lending. 2000 I would add that the geographic markets in which we have chosen to compete are the fastest growing in the country, providing more opportunity for us to grow our business. While our wealth management business is large and growing, we have a huge opportunity embedded in our current client base: clients who qualify for high service levels such as Premier or Private Banking but who have not yet chosen to take their relationship with us to that level. Outside our existing client base, the opportunity is even larger. One of the most important moves we made in 2006 to pursue growth in the wealth management business was our agreement to acquire U.S. Trust for $3.3 billion, a transaction we expect to close in the third quarter of 2007. As one of the oldest, largest and most respected private banks in the country, U.S. Trust will combine with The Private Bank of Bank of America to create the leading private bank in the country. Clients of both our organizations will benefit from a more comprehensive set of products and services, and access to the broadest financial services distribution network in America. U.S. Trust brings to this partnership one of the strongest brands in the industry, which we are looking very hard at retaining. By focusing on these and other opportunities, we aim to generate strong, consistent organic growth across all our businesses.

CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE

Second: Is Bank of America's growth to be fueled primarily by acquisitions or by winning and expanding customer relationships? Our answer: Wrong question. A better question would be whether Bank of America is capable of generating revenue and earnings growth organically and through acquisition. And our answer is an emphatic "yes." The strongest companies are those that have the resources, knowledge, judgment and skills to pursue multiple paths to growth. For the past nine years, we have focused primarily on generating organic growth through process improvement, increasing customer satisfaction and product innovation. At the same time, we have taken advantage of select opportunities presented to us to enter new markets. These acquisitions -- Fleet, National Processing Inc., MBNA and U.S. Trust, scheduled to close in 2007 -- add customers, capabilities and great new opportunities to grow the business. Today, there is nothing more important than executing well on our current organic growth strategy. Every other opportunity pales in comparison to the opportunity we have with our customers and prospects in our current markets. And yet, our ability to pursue multiple paths to growth is a great strength

Bank of America 2006 5

Earnings Per Share
(diluted)

'04

$3 .64 '05 $4.04 '06 $4. 59
Our preference in fast-growing foreign retail banking markets has THE NO. 1 ONLINE been to invest in the best-run large BANK bank in the local market, as we did in Mexico, China and Brazil. This strategy enables us to participate 21 million active online banking in the growth of the market with a customers, up local bank that brings appropriate 44% from 2005 size and scale to the table; reduces the operational risks that come with managing a foreign banking franchise; and provides the opportunity for us to develop relationships, learn from our partners in the market and explore alliances that can benefit customers and shareholders of both companies. Our acquisition of MBNA has created something of a corollary to this policy, in that we now own a foreign card operation that is No. 1 in the United Kingdom. This business presents prospects for growth in existing and new markets and offers additional insight into international retail financial services markets. Finally: What unique advantages does Bank of America bring to the marketplace? Our answer: Many. In addition to our people and our culture, which, taken together, represent our greatest advantage, we believe there are four additional key attributes that give us a unique advantage in the marketplace: The knowledge, insight and understanding we gain from working with the largest customer and client base in the industry drive our ability to innovate across all our businesses. We were named Outstanding Corporate Innovator of the Year by the Product Development & Management Association in recognition of our development of products like Keep the Change , free SafeSend®, Business 24/7 and Affinity Banking.
TM TM

of your company, and will continue to be. Acquisition -- when the likely returns to shareholders are attractive, the addition increases our potential growth and the risks are in line with the potential rewards -- will always be on the table as a potential path to growth for our company. Third: Does Bank of America want to be a U.S. banking company or a global financial services company? Our answer: Both. We view wholesale financial services as global. Our commercial, corporate and institutional clients are doing business around the world. We cannot serve these clients if we can't provide the global reach they require, which is why we have corporate banking offices in 44 countries around the world, and why we are expanding our ability to provide more products in more places. Retail banking markets are largely local or regional. This is why we have invested in building market share within the U.S. markets where we have chosen to compete, even as we have divested foreign retail franchises where we felt our presence was too small.

6 Bank of America 2006

The knowledge, insight and understanding we gain from working with the largest customer and client base in the industry drive our ability to innovate.
More than anything, it was client knowledge and innovation that led to our $0 Online Equity Trades , which we launched in October 2006. This product enables brokerage clients with a deposit balance of $25,000 or more to execute online equity trades with no fee. The size and scale of our franchise in the United States gives us a tremendous advantage, as evidenced by our sales growth across products and channels last year. Active online banking customers grew to 21 million, and active online bill payers grew to 11 million -- representing 65 percent of the market of online bill payers with demand deposit accounts at financial institutions in the United States. First mortgage applications increased by 7 percent and home equity applications increased by 14 percent over 2005. Customers opened 2.4 million net new checking accounts, which contributed to a net new account gain of 3.7 million. A key differential for Bank of America is integration. Our focus on integrating across the company enables us to create value that others miss. We are working to serve customers' needs in ways that draw on the power of all our capabilities. Our associates pursued many cross-line-of-business initiatives last year, but none was more successful than the partnership between Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM) and Global Corporate & Investment Banking (GCIB). By working together to integrate the delivery of financial services to clients with "core" relationships originated in either business, associates in these groups generated more than a hundred million dollars in incremental net income, proving that we can create value by working together on behalf of our clients. Execution is a core strength. Our history and culture of superior execution enables us to get things done right -- on schedule, on budget and in ways that enhance the customer experience. In 2006, we again executed a large, complex merger transition on time, under budget and virtually flawlessly
TM

for our customers. This year it was MBNA and our Card Services business. And our Capital Markets & Advisory Services business proved itself a major player in the leveraged buyout (LBO) market, participating in seven of the 15 largest LBOs last year, including the two largest LBOs in history: Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) and Equity Office Properties (EOP). It is the combination of these attributes that is enabling us to fulfill our vision for Bank of America -- and that enables us to create opportunity and value uniquely for our customers and shareholders in all we do, every day.

What's on tap for 2007. The work we are doing in 2007 will
include hundreds of important initiatives. I want to mention four broad categories of activity that cover most of them. First, we are continuing our intense pursuit of growth within all our businesses. These efforts include cross-line-ofbusiness initiatives that create value for customers by combining capabilities across the enterprise, such as a universal decision engine that will bring efficiency and consistency to the credit decision process across a number of our large

Bank of America 2006 7

We are working harder than ever to help strengthen the many communities across the country and around the world in which we do business.
retail businesses. It includes investments we'll make in our businesses, such as those highlighted in the articles that follow this letter. It includes executing our U.S. Trust merger transition flawlessly. The second item on this list is the most important thing we'll do this year to drive growth: get customer satisfaction scores moving north again. Regular readers of this letter will recall that in the first three years after adopting Six Sigma process improvement tools and methodologies across Bank of America, the percentage of customers rating themselves highly satisfied (9 or 10 on a 10-point scale) rose on average across the company by 11 percentage points, from 41 to 52 percent. Two years later, those scores have hit a plateau. In response, associates throughout the company worked with customers throughout 2006 to better understand key drivers of satisfaction, and to reassess our efforts to drive satisfaction up. This year, every business has a refreshed plan to further improve customer satisfaction. The plans focus on value perception, service quality, operational excellence and problem resolution, and are tailored to the specific needs of customers served by each business. Each of our major lines of business has established a goal of leading its industry in customer satisfaction within the next two to three years. Third, Bank of America has long been a leader in developing environmentally sustainable business practices, from energy conservation and recycling programs to the financing of green building initiatives to our hybrid vehicle purchase assistance program for associates. As one of the largest financial service providers in the country, the opportunity we see in the future is to finance and encourage the new products, services and technologies that will help meet future global energy needs. Our goal is to help our customers and clients take the lead in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and to protect the physical environment on which economic activity depends. We will launch several programs in 2007. Finally, we are working harder than ever to help strengthen the many communities across the country and around the world in which we do business. In the first two years of our 10-year, $750 billion community development goal, we have loaned and invested more than $160 billion in low- and moderate-income communities across the nation. We are focusing loans and investments in key markets in need of revitalization, and targeting grant support to strengthen local nonprofit organizations and to encourage asset building and financial literacy for consumers living and working in these markets. The Bank of America Charitable Foundation, one of the most generous corporate foundations in the world, donated more than $200 million in our communities in 2006, and is on track to exceed our 10-year, $1.5 billion goal for giving.

8 Bank of America 2006

Dividends Paid Per Share
'04

$1 . 70 '05 $1 .90 '06 $2. 12

Through the Foundation's flagship program, the Neighborhood Excellence Initiative , we have donated nearly $50 million over the past three years and are pioneering a new approach On track to to corporate giving -- marked by exceed 10-year goal of $1.5 billion a focus on local priorities, funding in giving through flexibility and leadership developthe Bank of ment -- through which we not only give America Charitable more, but we also give more effectively. Foundation All these programs and resources are managed in cooperation by leaders at the corporate and local levels, to ensure we are maximizing the impact of our work in all the neighborhoods we serve. For more information on all our programs supporting the environment and our communities, I encourage you to visit our Web site, www.bankofamerica.com.

SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES

TM

incredible work ethic. I am confident he will serve the company well in his new role. We have one departure from our board of directors this year: Paul Fulton, chairman of Bassett Furniture Industries in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who is retiring after 14 years of dedicated service. Paul brought tremendous experience and insight to the leadership of our company over the years, and I appreciate all his counsel and guidance to me and to former leaders of our company. We wish Paul all the best in his future endeavors. As we begin 2007 with a fresh commitment to creating opportunity in all we do, I want to again thank our customers, our shareholders and the communities for their partnership and their trust. And I'd like to thank all our associates and directors for the hard work and leadership that enables us to achieve our goals. I look forward to all we'll achieve working together in 2007 and, as always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.

Opportunity and leadership. All we do to create opportunity for customers, shareholders and communities is made possible through the hard work and leadership of our associates. One of our longtime leaders is leaving our company early this year -- Al de Molina, who served as our chief financial officer through the end of 2006. Al served our company well for 17 years in a variety of leadership roles, and as CFO made great strides in bringing more transparency to our earnings and operations for investors. Stepping into the CFO role is Joe Price, a 14-year associate of the company. We are extremely fortunate to have had someone like Joe in the wings to take on this new challenge. Joe's broad experience in the company includes service as our general auditor, leadership of the Consumer Finance business, key roles in Finance, and service as Risk executive for GCIB. Joe is straightforward, smart and has an

KENNETH D. LEWIS
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT MARCH 17, 2007

Bank of America 2006 9

