                  KENNETH D. LEWIS
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT
To our shareholders:
In 2005, your company demonstrated its ability to grow in a number of ways.
We accelerated growth by attracting, retaining and deepening more customer relationships in the markets we serve. We launched a number of initiatives that will
create value by integrating our capabilities across the company. We completed our FleetBoston Financial merger transition in the Northeast, exceeding what we promised in almost every category. We became the first U.S. bank to invest directly in a major Chinese bank. And, our acquisition of MBNA Corp. closed on Jan. 1, 2006, making Bank of America the top provider of debit and credit cards in the United States.
Our view is that there are many paths to growth, and the best companies pursue multiple strategies as market conditions change and opportunities arise. I will discuss our most important paths to growth in this letter. I invite you to read more about the work we’re doing
Bank of America 2005 3

                  From left, Brian T. Moynihan, president, Global Wealth and Investment Management; Liam E. McGee, president, Global Consumer and Small Business Banking; and R. Eugene Taylor, president, Global Corporate and Investment Banking, at the Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte.
for customers and shareholders in the articles that follow. First, a review of our key 2005 financial accomplishments. Strong financial performance. In 2005, we again set
new records for revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, $56.9 billion, and net income, $16.5 billion, representing growth of 15 percent and 18 percent, respectively, over last year. Diluted earnings per share increased to $4.04, an 11 percent rise over 2004. Return on average common share- holders’ equity rose to 16.51 percent from 16.47 percent.
Our greatest financial challenge in 2005 was the con- tinuing flattening of the yield curve, which is the difference between long- and short-term interest rates. As that differ- ence shrank, banks, which tend to price deposits based on short-term rates, were adversely affected. In essence, profit margins were compressed. We expect the yield curve to remain relatively flat in 2006, providing an opportunity for well-managed banks to differentiate themselves.
Our strong performance has enabled us to continue our record of returning capital to shareholders. 2005 was our 28th consecutive year of raising our quarterly dividend, which in- creased by 11 percent to $0.50. Over that time, our dividend has increased at a compound annual growth rate of 13 percent.
As I have always said, the bottom line on our performance is our stock price. While our total shareholder returns,
which include our dividend, were in line with our peers, our stock price fell slightly this year as other stocks in our industry remained flat. I believe the two factors that weighed most heavily on our stock were the impact of the yield curve, which affects all banks, and our acquisition strategy, which has created uncertainty for some investors.
On the first point, the yield curve is cyclical. It will steepen again, and net interest yields will rise accordingly. In the meantime, we have one of the best teams in the business at managing interest rate risk, and I believe we will continue to perform well relative to our peers regardless of the interest rate environment.
The second point raises questions about acquisition selection, price and risk. We look at companies that can strengthen our position in a given market, which can be defined by customers, geography or product. We look to acquire products, technologies, skills or capabilities that will enhance our value proposition with both customers and shareholders. Of the many opportunities we have evaluated over the past several years, we believe that both Fleet and MBNA met our standards.
Regarding price, we start with a sound financial analysis, requiring that identifiable cost savings and projected revenue gains will offset the proposed premium.
4 Bank of America 2005

       $49.7 $38.5
$13.9 $10.8
$3.64 $3.55
$56.9
$16.5
$4.04 34.03%
32.59% 29.20%
        ’03
Revenue
’04
’03
’04
’05
’03
’04
’05
’03
’04
’05
                (Fully taxable-equivalent basis) (in billions)
(in billions)
Earnings per Return on Average Common Share Tangible Common (Diluted) Shareholders’ Equity
(Fully taxable-equivalent basis)
I have not.
Bank of America has the vision, the skills and the financial wherewithal to pursue growth opportunities when and where we find them. That fact does not lessen our commitment to attracting, retaining and deepening our customer relationships. In fact, I believe there are three characteristics that give us a particular advantage with customers and prospects: operational excellence, scale and scope, and innovation.
Achieving operational excellence has been a top priority for years, and it is most evident in our pursuit of process excellence through our use of Six Sigma tools. Since we adopted Six Sigma as a core operating discipline four years ago, we have achieved billions of dollars in savings and rev- enue growth, shortened cycle times, reduced error rates and improved associate performance throughout the company.
Scale and scope, in addition to creating efficiencies for investors, create a huge advantage with customers. Our nationwide franchise and unmatched distribution platform enable individuals and companies to do business with us when, where and how they choose. It also means that more customers and clients can keep their relationship with us intact even when they move their home or business.
It is a truism in business that real growth requires new
’05
We also consider our long-term view of the changing marketplace; the competitive landscape; whether the company represents a good fit with our business model, brand and culture; and the benefits that we believe will accrue to our customers and shareholders over time.
It is in the context of all these criteria that we make an acquisition decision, and our track record over the past five years demonstrates both selectiveness and discipline in our decision-making process.
While all acquisitions include elements of risk, our company has demonstrated our ability to execute effective, efficient and profitable merger transitions. We proved this point in the Fleet transition, which we executed on time and with greater expense savings and revenue gains than we originally forecast. I expect nothing less in the MBNA transition. And I am confident that we will take advantage of the growth potential our new teammates and customers from MBNA bring to our company.
Growing with our customers. In December 2000 I told investors, “We are changing the basic thrust of our company from acquisition- and expense-driven to a more customer- focused, revenue-driven organization.” It would be easy to assume after our acquisitions of Fleet and MBNA that I have changed my position.
Net Income
Bank of America 2005 5

                 ideas. Our record of in- novation lets customers know we are constantly working to create value for them.
In our retail busi-
ness last year, we had
success with a number of
innovative offerings. We
enhanced our SafeSend®
product, making it a free
relationship-building
service that enables cus-
tomers with a checking
account to send money
directly to individuals in
Mexico. We launched our
Keep the ChangeTM fea-
ture, which helps customers save by rounding up debit card purchase amounts and moving the change to a linked sav- ings account. And we launched our SiteKeyTM online security feature, which has won several awards.
Our wealth management business introduced a new trust product for the mass affluent market last year. And our investment banking group introduced a new electronic trading service platform that provides institu- tional investors with automated access to diverse liquidity systems and venues.
While innovation often relates directly to new products and services, we also are taking advantage of innovative thinking as we work in teams that span the company to create more value for customers and shareholders. Referred to generally as “Universal Bank Initiatives,” these projects require integrated planning and enterprise thinking to maximize the value of the company.
For example, the “Mortgage Business System” is designed to enable us to originate a variety of asset classes and then move those assets into the hands of investors through our securities distribution capabilities. Our goal is to expand our ability to meet customers’ needs across all market segments and create more value for our shareholders by exploiting business opportunities that span the enterprise.
Seizing new opportunities. As I wrote above, our commitment to growth by one means does not preclude our
ability to take advantage of growth opportuni- ties by other means. In 2005 we again demon- strated our ability to act decisively and to maximize the value of the assets we acquire.
Our top priority from the beginning of the year was to complete our transition work in the Northeast related to our acquisition of Fleet. Through the spring and summer of ’05, we execut- ed major systems conver- sions across all our lines
of business, affecting thousands of associates and millions of customers and accounts, all without a significant hitch.
Then, in June, we agreed to acquire MBNA. The oppor- tunities for growth in this acquisition are significant, from product and distribution benefits for customers, to revenue opportunities resulting from our combined strengths, to cost savings derived from consolidating our operations. For example, the combination of our distribution platform and customer base with MBNA’s products, affinity relation- ships and marketing expertise creates huge opportunities for our company.
As the largest issuer of credit and debit cards in the country, we will have the opportunity to lead in the ongo- ing evolution of the payments system in the United States. This leadership role will result in many benefits, including greater negotiating leverage with partners in the process and the ability to develop and deploy new capabilities and technologies in the payments system.
Also in the early summer, we agreed to buy 9 percent of the stock of China Construction Bank (CCB) for $3 billion, with an option to increase our stake to 19.9 percent in the future. Just as important, we have launched a consultative effort with CCB through which we will assist in their efforts to improve their operational efficiency and effectiveness and bring their financial management and governance processes in line with international standards.
Communities and leadership. As we pursue growth, we
 Amy Woods Brinkley, Global Risk executive, and Alvaro G. de Molina, chief financial officer, above the Bank of America trading floor.
6 Bank of America 2005

                 take our responsibility to our shareholders very seriously. And in consider- ing how we grow, we take our responsibility to our communities just as seri- ously. I’d like to highlight the work we’re doing to strengthen our communi- ties in two key areas: com- munity development and philanthropic investment.
The year 2005 was
the first full year of
our nationwide, 10-year
goal to lend and invest
$750 billion in community
development. Our invest-
ments in low- to moder-
ate-income neighborhoods across the country spur economic development and reflect our commitment to neighborhood excellence. This initiative took on new meaning in the wake of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, when we committed up to $100 million to rebuild neighborhoods along the Gulf Coast.
Philanthropic investment comes in two forms: money and time. Our charitable donations in 2005 exceeded $130 million, making us one of the most generous corpo- rations in America. And our associates, all of whom are encouraged to volunteer up to two hours a week in their communities on company time, spent hundreds of thou- sands of hours strengthening the communities in which they live. Most important, we are deploying these resources in conjunction with our foundation’s Neighborhood Excellence Initiative, which relies on the knowledge of local leaders to direct volunteer time and money to the organizations most critical to the success of individual communities.
It is through the leadership of our associates that we are able to achieve higher standards of performance for our customers, shareholders and communities. One of our key leaders retired from the company in 2005—Marc Oken, who served as our chief financial officer. Marc’s contributions to our company’s success over the past 17 years have been great. I personally appreciate his commitment and leader- ship and wish him all the best.
Stepping into the role of CFO is Alvaro de Molina, a
17-year executive who most recently led our corporate and investment banking team in 2004–2005. Al’s sharp financial mind, communication skills and leadership ability will serve us well as he takes on his new role.
We also welcome two new directors to our company. Joining us is Frank Bramble, former executive officer, MBNA, and the former chairman and CEO of Maryland National Corp. And, re- cently retired from the United States Army,
General Tommy Franks joined our board in January. Frank and Tommy bring rich and diverse leadership experience to our team, and I look forward to their contributions.
Retiring from our board are Charles Coker, former chairman and CEO of Sonoco Products of Hartsville, SC, and Edward Romero, former ambassador to Spain. Charlie joined the board in 1969, the same year I joined the company. His leadership, guidance and service have been a great benefit to the company for 37 years, and to me personally during my time as chairman. Ed also has made important contributions to our board in his two years of service. I appreciate all that Charlie and Ed have done for us, and I wish them the best in their future endeavors.
In a year marked by challenge, opportunity and growth, I would like to thank our customers for their business, our investors for their trust and all our associates and direc- tors for the work they do for our company. I look forward to even greater achievements in the year ahead and, as always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.
KENNETH D. LEWIS
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT MARCH 16, 2006
 Barbara J. Desoer, Global Technology, Service and Fulfillment executive, and Milton H. Jones, Jr., Global Quality and Productivity executive, at the Bank of America Command Center.
 Bank of America 2005 7
