Brian T. Moynihan Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders,
Thank you for investing in our company. During 2014, your investment increased in value by 15 percent. This follows gains of 34 percent in 2013 and 109 percent in 2012. Our goal is to continue to deliver long-term value to you, our shareholders, as we execute our strategy to serve our customers and clients. We still have lots of work ahead of us to get it back to a normalized level, but we are making good progress.
Last year was again challenging for financial institutions. Sustained low interest rates continued to pressure net interest margins. Economic and geopolitical uncertainties continued to surface, causing markets, companies, investors and consumers to respond to volatility almost at a moment's notice. And, our industry continued to face increasing demands for higher capital and liquidity, as well as changes to our business models. We started to address many of these issues five years ago -- we trimmed hundreds of billions of dollars in assets from our balance sheet, eliminated dozens of non-core businesses, and increased our capital and liquidity so we could survive and operate in whatever crisis may arise. We also made tremendous progress on right-sizing our cost base for the revenue environment and managed risk well. Also, we settled most of the remaining issues related to the financial crisis, particularly in the mortgage space. Several issues continue to dominate the discussion around our industry, including "too big to fail," questions about resolution plans, and new regulatory requirements for capital and liquidity. In addition, the need for state-of-the-art cybersecurity and other technologies means we must continue to invest in core security and innovation for our customers and our teammates. Living our purpose Despite these forces, if we stick to our core business strategies of serving our customers and clients, and providing an engine to help the real economy grow, then we will fulfill our purpose of helping our clients and customers live their financial lives by connecting and simplifying a complex world. That is what we have been doing for the past several years, and we will continue to do so in the future. With this focus has come core high-quality and low-risk growth, a restoration of our brand, and shared success with our customers and clients. We also are seeing renewed energy in the communities in which we live and work. Maintaining and sharpening this focus takes tremendous discipline. I thank our board of directors, our management team, and our teammates around the globe for their hard work on behalf of our clients, customers and shareholders. Together with risk and operational focus, our ability to stay disciplined will serve us well into the future. So how did we do in 2014? We serve three groups of customers As we have discussed many times, we serve people (individuals), companies (large and small) and institutional investors. In the U.S. we serve all three customer groups, and outside the U.S., we have simplified and reduced our risk profile by focusing primarily on larger companies and institutional investors.

As we discuss 2014, we will focus on how we improved our company for all of our customers and clients, and for you, our shareholders. Serving America's families Our first group of customers is people. We serve millions of individuals and families through our Retail, Preferred, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management lines of business. Together, these businesses produced revenue of $48 billion in 2014, about 57 percent of our total, and net income of $10 billion. 2014 was a year of continuing to transform how we serve Retail and Preferred customers in the U.S. For instance, we are adapting to the mobile revolution and increasing our sales force, especially in our financial centers. Overall, we are offering more opportunities to help these consumers transact, borrow and save. Our consumer business is the best in the industry. Each week, customers interact with us more than 130 million times. The key to our success is serving each customer well, while making all of our capabilities available to them. We will keep simplifying our operations and reducing costs so we can provide the most effective, fair and rewarding products for these customers. We continue to invest in our mobile banking capabilities. As of February 2015, we have nearly 17 million active mobile banking consumer and small business customers. Each day, another 5,000 to 7,000 customers join our mobile banking platform. Each week, mobile customers send more than $3 billion in payments from their phones. And last year, more than 11 percent of all consumer checks we processed were deposited through mobile devices. We also introduced Apple PayTM to our customers in October to make payments easier and safer through tokenization, and more than 1 million customers have already signed up in just six months. We will continue to develop ways to help our mobile customers make secure, convenient payments. Our mobile customers are joined by about 31 million others who bank online via their computers. Each day, millions of customers log on at increasing rates to pay bills online, borrow through our direct online loan portal and invest through our Merrill EdgeTM platform. Last year, Merrill Edge brokerage assets grew 18 percent, and the platform continues to grow quickly for investors who are building their savings or want to play a more direct role. We see this business as a strong complement to our two wealth management businesses -- Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust. We also launched our Preferred Rewards program in 2014. Simply put, the more business a customer does with us, the more value we can provide them. This has been very successful in terms of assets gathered, but also in terms of improved customer satisfaction. At the same time, we continue to simplify our consumer business. This includes fewer but better offerings; overdraft policies and products that are fair and helpful to our customers; and our own improvements in efficiency. Last year, we reduced our consumer operating costs to a new low of less than 2 percent of total deposits, compared with about 3 percent a few years ago. Alongside the simplification work, we are investing in additional sales capacity to make it easier for our customers to interact with us and ensure we're making all of our capabilities readily available. We've added thousands of sales specialists over the

past several years and invested in new technologies, including tablet technology, to help them serve our customers. We've also invested in new retirement and financial planning capabilities and additional ATMs with Teller Assist. All of this allows for better service and more automation. We are expanding our Retail and Preferred businesses to markets we haven't served, principally because a predecessor institution did not serve them. We opened our first financial center in Denver in 2014, and we are opening one in Minneapolis soon. We had a well-established presence in those markets already, serving clients in our other businesses (Merrill Lynch, U.S. Trust, Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking, and Global Corporate and Investment Banking), as well as retail customers with a mortgage or credit card, for many years. Having financial centers in these markets lets us better serve our customers and clients from well-integrated, modern branches equipped with the best technology and a well-trained sales force. Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust, our Global Wealth and Investment Management businesses, had another strong year. In 2014, the team produced record revenue of $18.4 billion and net income of $3 billion with strong margins. Client satisfaction continues to improve and advisor attrition remains very low. Together, these businesses have $2.5 trillion in customer assets, up 6 percent from the prior year. We had record asset management fees, strong client and market flows, and increased loan balances. These businesses continue to both provide and derive value through their affiliation with our broader company. We see examples of this everywhere. For instance, about 40 percent of new household clients that Merrill Lynch gained this year came as referrals from our other business lines. This shows the power of connecting our businesses. And we're just beginning. Serving businesses, from the smallest to the world's largest companies Moving to the businesses that serve companies of all sizes, we see continued progress. We serve these clients through three lines of business: Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking, and Global Corporate and Investment Banking. Business Banking clients are smaller companies operating primarily in the U.S., while clients in Global Commercial Banking operate in the U.S. and globally (more on that below). Global Corporate and Investment Banking clients are companies we serve globally. Together, these businesses, reported as Global Banking in our segment reporting, accounted for about $17 billion in revenue, nearly 20 percent of our total, and $5.4 billion in net income. A word about how these clients are changing. In general, a significantly higher number of companies we serve are operating globally than in previous times. While Global Corporate and Investment Banking clients have been active around the world for many years, we are seeing more of our U.S. middle-market clients in our Global Commercial Banking business doing so. We're even seeing global activity among the smaller companies our Business Banking teams support. Some of these companies are looking to access capabilities and resources outside the U.S. Others are establishing manufacturing facilities nearer to the countries where they are selling their products, reducing the cost of delivery of

1

Tangible common equity ($B)1
Ratio
2014 2013 2012 $152 $146 $144 7.5% 7.2% 6.7%

Global excess liquidity sources and time-to-required funding ($B)2
Months
4Q14 4Q13 4Q12 $376 $372 $439 39 38 33

their goods to overseas markets. Others are accessing more markets for their American-made products. Serving these increasingly global small- and medium-sized companies takes global capabilities -- cash management or, with our sales and trading capabilities, helping these companies protect against currency fluctuations and counter-party risk. Our approach to serving these companies is the same as our approach to the individuals we serve -- connect all of our capabilities to help them achieve their goals. Being able to do that globally puts our company at a competitive advantage with these clients. Our businesses that serve these clients provide great earnings stability to you as shareholders as we use our balance sheet to help clients prosper and benefit the economies in which they operate. Lending and cash management services provide strong returns. Our Global Markets capabilities also serve these clients by helping them raise capital efficiently and effectively, in the U.S. and around the world. As I'll discuss, we have sized our capital markets capabilities to serve clients, not to take outsized proprietary trading positions. Those capabilities provide direct benefit to companies of all sizes, helping them access markets and grow. This is an efficient method of contributing to global economic growth. We also continue to invest and help business clients by offering the best means of managing their capital and making it easier for them to transact with their own customers. With our CashPro® Online payment application, we have created a better, more efficient experience for our clients and lowered our own costs by retiring aging payment technology. This is just one example of the focus we have to be simpler and to drive operational excellence. The results of these investments are seen in many ways, including recognition by Global Finance magazine as "Best Bank for Cash Management" in North America for the fifth consecutive year. Our integrated approach makes it more convenient for business clients to do more with us. In the work we do for our larger Global Corporate and Investment Banking clients, our teams advised on three of the top five global mergers in 2014. Other indications of greater activity with these clients are seen in higher average loan balances, which increased $13 billion last year to $270 billion, and higher average deposit balances, which grew $25 billion last year to $261 billion.

Also, we are doing more for our business clients through our Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust teammates working with our commercial bankers. For example, the number of funded institutional retirement plans purchased by companies we serve grew by 53 percent last year, generating assets of nearly $9 billion. In addition, we have had thousands of commercial and corporate clients bring their private assets into our Global Wealth and Investment Management businesses. Our teams serving business clients are collaborating across our franchise to deliver all of our industry-leading products and services. As I said above, this work is just beginning. Balanced Global Markets capabilities serving institutional investors Alongside the progress we are making in serving individuals and companies, our third group of clients -- institutional investors -- continues to benefit from the investment we are making in our sales and trading team and in our research platform of 700 analysts. For the fourth consecutive year, Bank of America Merrill Lynch was ranked the No. 1 research firm in the world by Institutional Investor magazine. We have reduced risk in Global Markets sales and trading operations over the past several years. At the time of the Bank of America merger with Merrill Lynch, the markets business had assets of nearly $1 trillion; and at the end of the year we were below $600 billion. All measures of risk in the business were low in 2014 and down significantly from a few years ago. Our mix of activities has changed, too. Most importantly, our focus is on enabling our investor clients to provide the capital and liquidity to companies and markets around the world, not taking our own trading positions. We do this by serving as the intermediary between our "issuer" clients (companies issuing debt or equity) and our investor clients (pension and retirement funds, for example) looking for growth and overall returns. We also see synergy with our wealth management clients in the research we provide to help them make investment decisions. These industry-leading platforms -- providing ideas and analysis for investors, executing transactions in markets around the world, and helping companies raise capital and grow -- drive the real economy in the U.S. and globally. All the while, the team continues to reduce risk, simplify the business, and produce higher-quality revenue and profits. Our goal is simple: We do not need to be the largest in the business, but we want to be the best for the clients we serve.
2

1

Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. Common shareholders' equity was $224B, $221B and $219B at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Common shareholders' equity ratio was 10.7%, 10.4% and 9.9% at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.

Global Excess Liquidity Sources include cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities, limited to U.S. government and agency securities, U.S. agency mortgagebacked securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational securities, and are readily available to meet funding requirements as they arise. It does not include Federal Reserve Discount Window or Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing capacity. Transfers of liquidity from the bank or other regulated entities are subject to certain regulatory restrictions.

2

Average Global Banking deposits ($B)

Corporatewide investment banking fees ($B)
(Including self-led deals)

2014 2013 2012

$261 $237 $223

2014 2013 2012 $5.5

$6.3 $6.4

A final thought on Global Markets. Some years ago we decided to report the results each quarter in Global Markets as its own segment. We did this because we knew as we limited its size and scope relative to the rest of our company, investors in our company need to see that it remains a stable and solid performer even after applying the post-crisis rules and regulations to our operations. Reporting Global Markets results separately also helps to highlight the seasonality and market-related changes in earnings that can affect this business from quarter to quarter. As we reduced the scope of activity in this business and aligned the business more closely to our client activities, we also brought our operating costs to a fundamentally lower level. This helps us to achieve acceptable returns in the business even at lower revenue levels. Finally, isolating the results in the Global Markets business allows shareholders a clearer perspective on the steady, consistent nature of the returns we see in our wealth management and commercial or corporate banking businesses, which derive synergies from the capabilities in Global Markets as described above, quite apart from the volatility in the sales and trading businesses in Global Markets. A strong company making steady progress In addition to the increased customer and client activity we are seeing in all eight of our lines of business, we continue to focus on the fundamentals. Balance sheet -- We strengthened an already strong and liquid balance sheet in 2014, ending the year with record capital and liquidity levels. Last year we increased our common stock dividend for the first time since 2007 and on March 11 we announced plans to return additional capital to our shareholders. Expenses -- We completed the industry's largest cost-savings program, achieving $8 billion of annualized savings. We continued to reduce expenses in our mortgage servicing unit. Noninterest expense, excluding litigation, declined $4.4 billion last year to $59 billion. We know we have more work ahead. Credit quality -- Credit costs ended the year at a decade-low level. Net charge-offs declined 44 percent to $4.4 billion, and the provision for credit losses declined 36 percent to $2.3 billion. We have achieved this through high-quality underwriting. As you review this annual report, I'd like to leave you with a few final thoughts. We have built a company with leading market positions across every core customer segment served by our eight lines of business. We built disciplined processes to ensure we are connecting our customers and clients with all the things we

can do to help them live their financial lives -- getting more from the whole than is achievable from the parts. And we are mindful of managing our expenses tightly to create the operating leverage we need to keep investing in our businesses, and to return excess capital to shareholders over time. Finally, through such innovations as green bonds, social impact investing products and SafeBalance Banking®, which helps customers avoid overdrafting, we are guided by the principles of simplicity, transparency and fairness in our business practices. This focus on business-driven corporate social responsibility helps to maintain the trust of our communities and customers. Delivering responsible growth With this progress, we are well positioned to continue building our responsible growth platform into 2015 and beyond. Responsible growth has several key tenets based on the premise that we know we must continue to win in the market. By meeting the core financial services needs of our customers and clients, we will ensure that our growth is customer-driven and is connecting them to the real economy in the markets where we operate. Responsible growth also means that we must continue to operate within the appropriate risk parameters. And, finally, responsible growth must come from activities that are sustainable, meaning we have built the scale and the processes to ensure operational excellence and continued innovation in how we deliver services to our customers and clients. Before closing, I would like to note the retirement from our board of Chad Holliday. Chad joined our board in 2009 and became chairman in 2010. He guided the board during a transformation of our company. I thank him for his service and dedication to our company. On behalf of my more than 220,000 teammates here at Bank of America, thank you for your investment in our company. I look forward to reporting our progress to you throughout the year. Thank you,

Brian T. Moynihan Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2015

3

