To our shareholders:
Two great tasks defined your company’s efforts in 2004. First, we accelerated the execution of our organic growth strategy, creating value for shareholders by building and expanding millions of customer and client relationships across the country. Second, we acquired and began to integrate the operations of FleetBoston Financial Corporation, adding more than 6 million customers and greatly increasing our opportunities for value creation and future growth in a single stroke.
Some observers outside the company saw strategic conflict or a kind of corporate ambivalence in these two tasks. We do not.
In fact, we view our acquisition of Fleet as tightly connected to our ongoing commitment to organic growth. We said from the moment our two companies came together that our goal was not just to reduce costs, but to accelerate organic growth in the Northeast. And that’s just what we have done.
At the same time, the momentum we have been building for several years with our customers throughout the company continued to grow. In our retail banking operations, continuing improvements to products, services and the banking center experience are driving customer “delight” and revenue to all-time highs. In our wholesale banking businesses, bankers are working together to bring a full range of investment banking products and services to more of our clients than ever before. In our wealth management business, we are expanding our financial advisor network and increasing market share across the nation’s best and fastest-growing wealth markets.
While our associates are working within their lines of business to build customer relationships, they also are reaching out to work with teammates across the company to create new opportunities to deliver the full power of Bank of America to our customers. For example, investment bankers are working with commercial bankers to provide M&A advice to middle-market CEOs. Personal financial advisors are working with teammates across the bank to help us serve more of our consumer, small business, commercial and corporate customers with wealth management services.
And last year, we launched an initiative called the Fixed Income Strategies Group that enables our Global Capital Markets and Investment Banking business to distribute fixed-income products through Global Wealth and Investment Management’s network of financial advisors serving high-net-worth and retail clients, expanding the suite of product offerings available to our clients.
All this work is creating strong, consistent financial performance for our shareholders. You can read more about how our associates are working together to grow the company starting on page 9 of this report.
Strategic vision, financial results
Our associates are pursuing our vision of a nationwide, universal bank for consumers and small businesses; a full-service corporate and investment bank with global capabilities for our commercial and corporate clients; and a company that produces strong, consistent financial returns for its shareholders by delivering higher standards of service for our customers every day. Our financial results are evidence that, in this pursuit, we are winning in the marketplace.
In 2004, Bank of America earned $14.1 billion, was the world’s fifth most profitable company and, with a market capitalization at year-end of $190 billion, was the second most highly valued financial services company in the world. Our results exceeded our goals in most important financial categories, including diluted earnings per share, net income, revenue and credit quality. I hope you will review our financial results in more detail in the financial summary
BANK OF AMERICA 2004 5

           $14.1
              on page 30 and in the Management Discussion & Analysis starting on page 33.
Our financial results in 2004 continued the strong returns we have posted for our shareholders over the past
four years. In fact, we have met or exceeded the rising expectations of Wall Street every quarter since the beginning of 2001. From 2000 through 2004, our diluted earnings per share grew at a 10% annual rate, despite an economic slowdown and market turbulence that derailed many competitors.
Our strong profit growth provides us multiple opportunities for capital deployment, which we pursue in three broad categories: investments in existing lines of business, acquisitions of other companies and capital returned to shareholders.
Our internal investments are tightly focused on areas of the company with strong long-term growth prospects. Prominent examples include a $675 million investment beginning in 2005 in Global Capital Markets and Investment Banking, where growth priorities include expanding capabilities in debt sales and trading, client management, our equity platform, and our ability to serve clients’ needs in Europe and Asia. In Global Wealth and Investment Management, we continue to invest in sales and relationship management capacity. And in Global Consumer and Small Business Banking, we’re continuing to build out our banking center network as we move into new and fast-growing markets.
Our most visible acquisition last year was Fleet, but our acquisition of National Processing Corporation was a great example of an effort to build scale and capabilities in an existing business. The addition of National Processing to Bank of America Merchant Services is enabling us to offer more payments solutions to our customers. As payments continue to shift from paper to plastic, the Merchant Services expansion has enabled us to strengthen our leadership position in the payments business.
In deploying capital, we have complemented investments and acquisitions with an extremely shareholder- friendly capital strategy. Since 1998, Bank of America has returned more than $65 billion in capital to shareholders through a combination of increasing dividends and the repurchase of shares. Our dividend has grown at an annual rate of 13% over the past 27 years, from $0.07 in 1977 to $1.70 today, and our current dividend yield of almost 4% is among the most attractive in the industry.
Our strategic vision and financial results have been rewarded in the marketplace. Over the past five years, our shares have appreciated faster than our peers’, faster than the KBW Banks Index, faster than the S&P 500 and faster than the Dow Jones Industrial Average. With an annualized total shareholder return (including stock price apprecia- tion and dividends) of 18% from 1999 through 2004, Bank of America has been an extremely strong investment.
Growth in the Northeast
When we agreed to acquire Fleet, we believed that by bringing our successful retail model to the Fleet franchise we could immediately start taking market share from our competitors, increasing customer satisfaction and generating growth in accounts and revenue. And that’s exactly what has happened.
6 BANK OF AMERICA 2004
$38.6 $35.1
'02 '03 '04
($ in billions)
Revenue (Fully taxable-equivalent basis)
$10.8 $9.2
'02 '03 '04 ($ in billions)
Net Income
$49.6
      
               $3.57 $2.95
$3.69
22.0% 19.4%
               '02 '03 '04 Earnings Per Common Share
(Diluted)
'02 '03 '04
Return on Average Common
Shareholders’ Equity
16.8%
The results for our first nine months as one company, from April 1 to December 31, confirm that we achieved what we set out to do.
For example, net checking account growth in the Northeast increased from about 35,000 in 2003 to about 200,000 in 2004, and savings account growth registered strong gains as well. Not only are customers giving us a vote of confidence with their purchase decisions, they’re also telling us their satisfaction is growing, which bodes well for future growth. Between June and December, customers in the Northeast who rated their experience in the banking centers a 9 or a 10 on a 10-point scale increased from 51% to 61%.
We have been extremely pleased with our early results, and these results have been gaining in strength since we launched the Bank of America brand across the Northeast between August and December of last year. Even so, we believe our greatest growth potential in the Northeast lies before us, not behind us. Even given our strong results so far, our market penetration and share of wallet in Northeast markets remains low relative to potential business opportunity. This is especially true in Global Wealth and Investment Management, where we see significant opportuni- ties to grow by capturing more of our existing customers’ wealth planning business.
The merger transition process itself has been, without qualification, the smoothest and fastest I have seen in my career. From the beginning, we planned and executed the transition and all associated projects with strict adherence to a disciplined Six Sigma approach, improving processes, driving down costs and enhancing quality and productivity along the way.
We continue to face significant transition challenges and opportunities in the Northeast in 2005. We will meet those challenges and seize those opportunities with the same energy, enthusiasm and intensity that led to our success in 2004, and drive toward ever-higher growth goals throughout the Northeast for the future.
Smart growth
To generate strong, consistent, sustainable organic growth in financial services, achieving excellence in sales and service is half the battle. The other half is developing the art and science of risk and reward management as a core competency and competitive advantage.
Today, your company is developing the skills and tools that enable us to grow by taking the right risks, and by getting paid appropriately for the risks we take. We are continuing to build a risk and reward management structure and culture of shared responsibility, in which every associate—from front-line bankers to risk managers to auditors— is accountable for managing risks to help the business grow.
This structure is important in helping us manage credit risk, but we also apply it to a broad view of risk, including market risks and operational risks related to technology, systems, events, or legal, compliance and reputation issues.
We believe industry-leading risk management means playing good offense as well as good defense. At the beginning of this letter, for example, I mentioned a partnership through which we distribute fixed-income
BANK OF AMERICA 2004 7

products originated by Global Capital Markets and Investment Banking to the bank’s high-net-worth and retail clients through our network of financial advisors. This partnership wouldn’t work without a strong culture of shared accountability, effective governance controls, and the active participation of Risk partners and the Audit group in the business.
The key message that our associates are embracing is that managing risk and reward is not about avoiding risk. It’s about taking calculated risks in pursuit of growth. Effecting a shift in our culture that encourages every associate to understand, anticipate and manage the full range of potential risks and rewards in their area—whether relating to a credit score, a market or interest rate fluctuation, a marketing opportunity or a regulatory issue—is a fundamental part of our strategy for growth.
Leadership, past and future
Your company is in business for many reasons.
We provide the financial capital that creates economic opportunity for individual families, for businesses, for
the communities we serve, and for the global economy as a whole. As teammates, we help one another grow and succeed, personally and professionally. And, of course, all our work is aimed at generating strong, consistent and sustainable growth in financial returns for our shareholders.
Playing a key role in leading your company to achieve these strategic and financial goals for the past 18 years has been our chief financial officer and vice chairman, Jim Hance, who retired from the company at the end of January. Jim has been one of the key architects of our company for the last two decades, and has been a major ambassador for our company on Wall Street and a major force within Bank of America driving for better results for all of our constituencies. I could not have asked for a better partner during my time as chief executive.
Stepping into the role of chief financial officer is Marc Oken, who had served the company as principal finance executive since 1989. Marc has a sharp financial mind and a strong, confident leadership style that will serve your company well in his new role.
Also retiring from the company is Chad Gifford, our chairman and my partner in the Bank of America–Fleet merger that brought Bank of America into New England and the Northeast. Chad is a tremendous leader who directed the growth and success of BankBoston and Fleet over the past 38 years. Chad remains on our board of direc- tors, and I look forward to his continued advice and counsel.
Finally, we have two departures from our board this spring. Donald Guinn, chairman emeritus of Pacific Telesis Group, will retire from the board of directors at this year’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Don has been a valued director and a strong voice on our board since 1998, and has chaired our audit committee for the past six years. His leadership will be missed. And Steve McMillan, chairman of Sara Lee Corporation, has resigned from our board. I appreciate all Steve has done for Bank of America during his time as a director.
In closing, I’d like to thank all our directors for their guidance during what has been a year of great progress and success. As we continue our work to deliver ever-higher standards of service and performance for our customers, our shareholders and our communities, I look forward to all we’ll accomplish together.
As always, I welcome your thoughts and suggestions.
KENNETH D. LEWIS
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT MARCH 1, 2005
 8 BANK OF AMERICA 2004
