Chairman's Letter to Shareholders

originations and increased market share in every major category of capital-raising transactions. Turmoil in the markets dampened results in the Asset Management Group, which held revenues steady, but saw earnings fall 11.5% to $521 million due to increased investments in the business. Equity Investments recorded a loss of $94 million. > Associates accelerated work to attract, retain and While our core businesses performed well, we made a deepen customer relationships and to improve customer and strategic decision in the third quarter to exit the client service throughout the company. subprime real estate and auto leasing busiREVENUE > We launched a company-wide Six Sigma (Taxable Equivalent Basis) nesses, both of which tended to produce volatile quality and productivity program and continued $35.0 earnings and did not fit our objectives for profto reinvest savings in high-growth opportunities. itability. We took a $1.3 billion after-tax charge $33.3 > We installed a new business planning to cover the costs of exiting these businesses. $32.5 process and a new approach to risk management Credit costs continued to be our greatest that we believe will bring consistency and predrag on earnings. Net charge-offs, excluding dictability to our earnings. charge-offs related to the exit of the subprime 1999 2000 2001 > We hired teammates from different indus(Dollars in billions) lending business, totaled $3.6 billion, or .99% tries who brought new skills to our company. of loans and leases, compared to $2.4 billion, > We adopted shareholder value added (SVA) NONINTEREST EXPENSE or .61%, the year before. Deteriorating credit (Operating Basis) as a measurement tool to bring more financial quality was largely limited to the corporate $19.4 discipline to our business decisions. sector in the first half of 2001, but spread to > We continued to invest aggressively in $18.1 $18.0 the consumer sector as the recession deepened. efforts to build the Bank of America brand. We expect credit costs to remain high in 2002. The bottom line for shareholders, of course, In short, we are combining our heritage of is our stock price, and in 2001, we stood head ingenuity with an emerging culture based on 1999 2000 2001 and shoulders above the rest of the class. In a focus and discipline, consistent execution and (Dollars in billions) year in which the average stock price in our sustained intensity to serve customers better peer group declined 5%, your company's stock increased while at the same time producing strong growth in total in value 37%. shareholder returns. Two reasons for heightened investor confidence have Building Momentum. Our associates' hard work in been our disciplined approach to balance sheet management 2001 paid off, as revenue increased 5% to $35 billion, and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. leading to an operating earnings increase of 2% to $8 Throughout the company, we used relationship-banking billion, both impressive figures taking into account rising and pricing incentives to boost deposits. At the same time, credit costs and the faltering economy. The lion's share of we reduced low-returning corporate loans on our balance earnings growth came from Consumer and Commercial sheet. The result is a loan-to-deposit ratio that today is lower Banking, which posted earnings of $4.8 billion, up 6.4% than 1:1, which reduces inherent interest rate risk and from 2000, driven mostly by gains in net interest income, enhances our ability to control funding costs in the future. service charges, card services and mortgage banking. We also continued to return capital to shareholders in 2001, Global Corporate and Investment Banking earnings rose nearly exhausting the stock repurchase program of 100 6.8% to $1.9 billion, reflecting an increase in fixed-income In 2001, your company achieved solid financial results despite a weak economic environment and took major steps to accelerate internal growth, improve business execution and focus activities ever more tightly on the needs of our customers.

1

In a year in which the average stock price in our peer group declined 5%, your company's stock increased in value 37%.

service regardless of where they live, where they happen to million shares that was approved by the board in 2000. At be when they contact us or what product or service they are its December 11, 2001 meeting, the board approved further inquiring about. repurchases of up to 130 million shares over the next 18-24 months. The board in October also approved a 7% increase This new way of looking at our business is changing in the quarterly dividend per common share to $.60, or the way associates interact with customers, design business $2.40 annually, representing a 3.8% dividend yield based on processes and think of their roles in the organization. Instead our stock price at the end of the year. of finding a product or a geographic label at the center of As we look forward to building on our our operations, we are more often finding the OPERATING EARNINGS momentum in 2002, we are aware of the great customer at the center, and our customers are PER COMMON SHARE (Diluted) uncertainty in our economy. No one knows beginning to feel the difference. $4.95 when the economy will bounce back from the We're making two other important changes current recession, but we believe we have posiin the way we run the company. tioned your company well for the future. Our To accelerate our process improvements, $4.72 $4.68 capital strength and business diversity give us we are implementing the Six Sigma quality and great confidence, and we're gaining strength productivity techniques that have proven effective and speed even as we fight the current ecoin manufacturing and other industries but have 1999 2000 2001 (Dollars) not been widely adopted in financial services. nomic headwinds. Six Sigma provides our associates powerful tools As an expression of this confidence, we to analyze business processes, identify problems, recently committed to long-term financial goals OPERATING NET INCOME increase efficiency and reduce error rates. A of more than 10% annual earnings-per-share $8.24 $8.04 (EPS) growth, 20% return on equity (ROE) and significant additional benefit is our ability to $7.86 double-digit increases in SVA every year. constantly reinvest cost savings in new revenueThe Right Moves. In last year's report, I growth opportunities. wrote that we were investing in our company's We also have implemented an integrated business planning process that brings together growth engines and re-engineering business 1999 2000 2001 four key elements of corporate planning: strateprocesses to improve our service to customers. (Dollars in billions) gic planning, financial planning, risk planning In 2001, we undertook additional initiatives to and associate planning. Each of these processes is now drive the organization forward. One of the most dramatic changes we're making is in designed to take into account the outcomes of the others. the way we are organized. In the past, we organized our By integrating our planning, we believe the work we do activities largely by geography and by line of business, across the company will contribute more effectively to the meaning by product or service. Today, taking a cue from our bottom line. success with corporate clients, we're changing reporting We believe our new risk planning process, in particular, structures, compensation and incentive plans, and business will dramatically improve the consistency of our earnings. processes throughout the company to reflect the customer's In short, our goal is to make risk management a core strength view. For example, associate teams are not focused simply of this company. We are now taking a more holistic view of on products like mortgages or cards ­ or on a specific region risk than ever before by incorporating analyses of credit, or city ­ but on expanding relationships in a customer group, market and operational risk into all strategic, financial and such as "Consumer," "Small Business" or "Premier," and on associate plans. providing customers in these groups consistent, high-quality

3

Instead of finding a product or a geographic label at the center of our operations, we are more often finding the customer at the center, and our customers are beginning to feel the difference.

stock price performance, and will help us do a better job of Executive recruiting has been another priority, resulting managing the company for the benefit of our owners. in a number of key hires in business-critical positions. Finally, a word about the Bank of America brand. We While some of these new teammates came from financial believe strongly that a world-class company must have a services firms, many came from companies in other indusworld-class brand, and we have continued to invest in the tries, such as manufacturing, shipping and consumer products. advertising programs and sponsorships that build awareness These executives joined our already strong management of our brand across the nation. Perhaps more important, we team, making us even stronger. They have brought skills understand that the real strength of our brand will and knowledge to our organization that are RETURN ON AVERAGE be determined over time by the consistency and helping us improve revenue growth, business COMMON EQUITY (Operating Basis) quality of the experiences our customers have processes, customer satisfaction and associate 17.7% when they do business with us. It is excellence in retention. We will continue to recruit top talent this regard to which we have all committed, and aggressively from all industries where execu16.7% 16.5% through which we all will help build a strong tives have the skills, knowledge and experience Bank of America brand for the future. to take our performance to a higher level. Our Opportunity and Responsibility. If fielding the right team gets us in the Throughout this report, you will read about game, motivating our players is the way to win. 1999 2000 2001 (Numbers in percent) how we are working hard to grow customer We are taking several steps to more closely relationships as a key strategy in our efforts to align associate and shareholder interests. grow our company. These steps include shifting the emphasis for DIVIDENDS Of course, we know that we are not the bonus awards toward relationship-building and $2.28 only large banking company pursuing a growth away from pure sales goals; shifting 2002 $2.06 strategy based on expanding relationships. The stock option awards from an emphasis on time$1.85 strategy alone is no great secret and by itself based vesting to vesting based on stock price will not differentiate us. What we're focused on appreciation; and giving senior executives a prois execution and the impact our work is having gressively increasing percentage of their annual 1999 2000 2001 on our progress toward becoming one of the incentive payment in restricted stock. (Dollars per share) world's most admired companies. This is the Like measurement tools for associates, the goal I set for our associates last year when I became chairways we measure corporate performance also impact our man, and it is a goal that all of us are pursuing with vigor priorities and our decisions. For many years, like many and intensity. companies, we have looked to the typical financial measureI have said many times this year that the opportunity we ments to gauge our progress and our success ­ measures like have before us is the business opportunity of a lifetime ­ to revenue and earnings growth, earnings per share and return take an organization that possesses the right businesses, the on equity. These measures are widely used for good reason, right strategy and the right people and turn it into one of and we will continue to use them just as we always have. the greatest companies in the world. In fact, achieving That said, we also are incorporating shareholder value this goal is more than an opportunity. Given who we are, added, or SVA, into our decision making, both at the corporate level and throughout the business lines. SVA measures the position we occupy in the market and the name we do returns over and above our cost of capital. Simply put, we business under ­ Bank of America ­ I believe that achieving believe that SVA as a performance measure and a decisionour goal is a responsibility. making tool has an extremely high, direct correlation to

4

It is a responsibility not only to our shareholders, but also to our customers, who look to us to help them manage their financial lives and achieve their dreams; to our associates, who have chosen to employ their skills and talents here and who deserve every opportunity to reach their personal and professional potential; and to our communities, which are deeply invested in this enterprise, and upon which the future prosperity of our company rests. Fulfilling our responsibility to the communities we serve, of course, has always been a fundamental part of the way we do business. So I am pleased to report that we continue to hit our annual goals in our 10-year, $350 billion community development lending commitment. The investments represented by this commitment are working to rebuild low- and moderate-income neighborhoods in cities across our great nation, from Baltimore to San Diego and from Miami to Seattle. I also am pleased that the Bank of America Foundation, long one of the most generous corporate foundations in the country, has adopted new guidelines for its programs that will focus resources in the coming years on a single issue: helping children succeed in life. In pursuit of this goal, the Foundation will support programs in early childhood development, economic and financial education, and teacher development. The Foundation will be joined by every business group in our company as we pull together to prepare America's youth to lead us toward a better future. As we work to prepare our future leaders, we also this year paid tribute to the man who led our company to where it is today. Hugh L. McColl, Jr. retired as chairman and CEO at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders last April. In 18 years as our leader, Mr. McColl transformed our company from a small, southeastern commercial bank to one of the largest and most comprehensive financial services companies in the world. Our job today is to take our company to a place on the world stage that reflects Mr. McColl's vision ­ and we thank him for the opportunity. This spring we also celebrate the career of Bill Vandiver, a 35-year associate who provided leadership in many of our businesses over the years, most recently serving as

Corporate Risk Management executive. Bill will retire on March 31, and will be missed by all of us who had the honor to work with him. Finally, I would like to thank our board of directors for the guidance and support they have given me in my first year as your chairman and CEO. In particular, I'd like to welcome John R. Belk of Belk, Inc. in Charlotte, Steven McMillan of Sara Lee Corporation in Chicago and Patricia Mitchell of PBS in Alexandria, VA, all of whom joined the board last April at our annual meeting, as well as Peter Ueberroth of The Contrarian Group, Inc. in Newport Beach, CA, who joined our board in June. One of the great challenges we all will face in the coming years is the new world in which we are living since the September 11 attacks on our country. Like all Americans, we worked hard on September 11 and afterward to protect and care for our teammates and fellow citizens. Tragically, not all of our teammates escaped the attacks unharmed. Liam Colhoun, Susan Conlon and Robert (Bobby) Hughes worked on our Global Securities Operations team in the World Trade Center and were lost in the attacks. All three were last seen either in the World Trade Center or in the immediate vicinity attempting to help others escape. These teammates and friends lived and died with honor, courage and valor, as true American heroes. Their actions live on as an inspiration for all of us. In closing, I would like to thank all those who have supported our country in this time of great national need. We will remember our heroes, and we all will work harder than ever to build a company ­ and a country ­ that honors their memory and their great sacrifice.

Kenneth D. Lewis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 11, 2002

5

