To our shareholders, Three years ago, we started on a path to make Bank of America a less complex and stronger company. At the heart of our plan was a strategy to focus on the three groups of customers we serve -- people, companies and institutional investors -- and to become their primary financial services partner.
Doing so required that we focus along two fronts: we had to strengthen our foundation and work through the issues that arose a er the economic downturn of 2008 and were obscuring the promise and potential of our company. At the same time, we established a clear strategy to only do what is core for the customers and clients we serve, to be the best in those areas and drive growth. In addressing those issues and executing our strategy, we have transformed our company.

A strong foundation
We built a fortress balance sheet that gives us the platform to accelerate business growth. We reduced long-term debt by nearly $100 billion from the end of 2011 while maintaining significant excess liquidity of $372 billion. Our capital is at industry-leading levels. We ended the year with a Tier 1 common capital ratio under Basel 1 of 11.06 percent, a more than 3 percentage point improvement from three years ago. Although the industry has until 2019 to meet the more stringent requirements of the Basel 3 standards, our estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio under those standards today exceeds the minimum requirement -- six years before full implementation. We have simplified our company and we have more than adequate capital to support our strategic plans. We are well positioned to return excess capital to our shareholders and we believe that buying back common shares is the best way to continue to drive value for our shareholders.

Brian T. Moynihan Chief Executive Officer

2

Bank of America 2012 Annual Report

We're delivering our capabilities how, where and when our customers and clients want them -- whether it's through one of our approximately 5,500 banking centers and 16,300 ATMs, or our leading online and mobile platforms.

We have narrowed our focus to concentrate on the businesses and services that matter most to our customers and clients. We divested more than $60 billion of assets in noncore activities with no meaningful impact to core earnings and large improvements to capital ratios and liquidity. We continue to reduce risk throughout the company while maintaining a strong risk management culture. Credit risk measurements continued to improve in 2012. Loss rates were at their lowest levels in several years, reflecting improvements in credit quality across major consumer and commercial portfolios. Two years ago we began a program we call New BAC, to solicit thousands of ideas from our own employees on how to streamline the company, be more efficient in our operations, reduce the red tape amongst ourselves and with our customers and, ultimately, to decrease our expenses. That work is well under way. In addition, we are focused on reducing expenses in our Legacy Assets & Servicing business. We have made significant progress reducing the number of delinquent mortgage loans and helping more than 1.5 million customers avoid foreclosure with modifications, short sales and other programs. In 2012, the number of 60+ day delinquent loans declined by 33 percent to approximately 773,000 loans. We expect to drive that even lower in 2013. That improvement has enabled us to shi resources to originate mortgages for our customers and reduce staffing levels in Legacy Assets & Servicing.

As we reduce costs, we are investing in many areas of the company -- including our industry-leading online and mobile banking platforms and in growth areas such as small business, mortgage, and wealth management. Our financial results for the year show the clear progress we've made as well as the impact of continuing to put the Countrywide mortgage issues behind us. Your company earned $4.2 billion in 2012 compared to earnings of $1.4 billion in 2011. Our tangible book value per share also improved to $13.36 at December 31, 2012 from $12.95 at December 31, 2011.1 While we are not yet where we want to be, our results reflect the underlying strength and earnings potential of the company that I believe will become even more apparent this year.

A clear purpose
We value the investment and trust each of you as shareholders has made in Bank of America -- and we believe you own a great company. The capabilities we've built over nearly 230 years are second to none, and we can do more for the people, companies and institutional investors who choose to do business with us than any other financial services company can. Every day our team is hard at work proving it; taking advantage of all the capabilities, expertise and resources at our disposal to make financial lives better. Quite simply, that is our purpose -- to make financial lives better, through the power of every connection.

1

Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently. For additional information and reconciliation to a GAAP financial measure, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31 and Statistical Table XV on page 141 of the 2012 Financial Review section.

Bank of America 2012 Annual Report

3

Whether it's closing a deal in Asia or clearing a trade in New York, our team of professionals brings expertise and integrity to every relationship and every transaction.

It comes down to one customer, one client, one interaction at a time. It comes down to delivering what our customers need and doing it flawlessly over and over again.
It comes down to better connecting as a team and working together to deliver one company. Throughout this report, we will share some stories that exemplify how we deliver for our shareholders through the power of our connections with our customers, our clients, and the communities we serve.

by 30 percent during the year to more than 12 million customers, and we are averaging about 10,000 new mobile subscribers a day. We also increased our specialized sales force of mortgage loan officers, small business bankers and financial solutions advisors to nearly 6,200 -- providing customers improved access to specialists. As a result, deposits continue to grow and retail mortgage production was up more than 40 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012 from a year ago. Small business loan originations increased 28 percent to $8.7 billion for the year, reflecting our focus on supporting this key segment of the U.S. economy. Our preferred client growth was strong, with brokerage assets in Merrill Edge® up 14 percent from a year ago. Wealth management revenue, earnings and pretax margin were also at record levels for the year. Both Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust had strong, increased client flows, meaning clients are doing more business with us. For companies, we are connecting them with our expertise and capabilities so they can do more and get the solutions they need. Loan growth expanded; commercial loans were up nearly 12 percent from a year ago. Investment banking fees are strong and we maintained our No. 2 global market share position for the third consecutive year.

Delivering one company
Looking across every customer group we serve -- whether a retail customer, an individual investor client, or a large corporate client -- you can see how the work to deliver one company and the relationship strategy we've put in place are driving results. For people, we're delivering products and capabilities our customers want in a targeted way that takes into account each customer's relationship and preferences. One particulary exciting area is the growth we see in online and mobile banking. The number of mobile banking customers increased

4

Bank of America 2012 Annual Report

Capital raised for clients
(in billions, full year)

Risk-weighted assets
(at year-end, in trillions)

2012 2011 2010

$605 $645 $569

2012 2011 2010

$1.2 $1.3 $1.5

Tier 1 common capital ratio
(at year-end) 2012 2011 2010 8.6% 9.9%

Net income (loss)
(in billions, full year) 11.1%

2012 2011 2010 $(2.2) $1.4

$4.2

What really differentiates us is our ability to deliver leading capabilities and expertise across multiple products. We served as advisor on some of the largest deals of 2012, including the second-largest equity offering globally -- Japan Airlines, which is described later in this report. For institutional investors, we have the ability to serve clients in more than 100 countries. We trade in many markets and provide research on more than 3,300 companies. Our research team was recognized as best in the world for the second straight year by Institutional Investor magazine. For the full year, sales and trading revenue did well in a tough environment. We believe the customer-focused strategy we've put in place is helping our customers and clients do more. It's a strategy that at its core means listening to what our customers want and bringing together the full power of our company to help them get the solutions they need.

plan for college, or bringing a large deal to a successful close. But, I'm equally proud of the impact our team has outside the boundaries of our day jobs -- the 1.5 million volunteer hours, the community renewal projects, and the monetary support for causes like education, hunger relief and job training. As we think about what the future holds, with the team we have and the company we've built, there is good reason to be optimistic and excited about what lies ahead. Our heading is set, our course clearly defined and we are pushing forward with the heavy drag of legacy weight greatly reduced. We have leading capabilities and expertise that enable us to outdistance the competition and win in the marketplace. We are focused on the horizon and committed to being better every day for those we serve, for the communities where we live and for each other. We are grateful to have you continue to share this journey with us. As always, I welcome your thoughts and feedback as we move forward together.

Our team
We believe that by being the best place to work for our employees they can better serve our customers and clients, which in turn will drive better returns for our shareholders. Every day I hear from customers and clients about how our employees have made a difference -- helping a small business get up and running, advising a family on a financial

Brian T. Moynihan Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2013

Bank of America 2012 Annual Report

5

