Focus. It means doing things with clarity and conviction. In today’s business world, focus is important for any company. For Baxter, it is essential given the complexities of the global health-care marketplace.
Our vision is to be the global leader in providing critical therapies for people with life-threatening conditions. The need for health care continues to increase as the worldwide population grows and ages. At the same time, the health-care marketplace is becoming more competitive. We understand the challenges and are committed to meeting them – swiftly and decisively – by building on our market-leading positions and competitive strengths to establish a strong foundation for future growth. These strengths, described in the following pages, include our global presence, our relationships with customers and patients, our manufacturing expertise, and our scientific and technical capabilities.  
As we pursue our vision, you, our shareholders, have a right to expect solid financial performance. The year 2003 was a very challenging one for Baxter. It was characterized by a changing sales mix, gross-margin pressure as a result of new competitive and pricing pressures in the plasma-proteins market, and increased spending in sales and marketing programs. We fell short of the earnings target we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year, which was extremely disappointing, although our cash flow was strong at $1.4 billion, an improvement of $200 million over 2002. 
As a result of this performance, we are taking very aggressive action to enhance our competitive position, strengthen our core businesses and improve our profitability. In 2003, we closed 26 plasma-collection centers, divested operations that no longer met our long-term strategic focus, and eliminated more than 2,500 positions worldwide. While we are on track to realize the benefits we expected from these actions, we are taking further action to simplify our infrastructure and aggressively reduce costs,
which will result in $200 to $300 million in annual benefits when fully implemented. 
We also are committed to achieving more predictable and sustainable performance. We are dedicating more resources to analysis and prioritization of capital expenditures to reduce capital spending while continuing to invest in high-growth areas. We also are analyzing our long-term manufacturing-capacity requirements and continuing to rigorously manage our research and development investment, resulting in a more focused pipeline, better project management, and greater funding for our highest-priority projects.
We enter 2004 with greater certainty, with the plasma market stabilizing, several new products approved and launched – most notably ADVATE, Baxter’s new recombinant Factor VIII concentrate for hemophilia – and long-term purchasing agreements signed with Premier, one of our largest customers. Taking these and other factors into account, our financial expectations for 2004 include: sales growth of between 3 and 5 percent, assuming no impact of foreign currency; earnings per diluted share of $1.75 to $1.85, excluding the impact of additional restructuring; and cash flows from continuing operations of approximately $1.5 billion.
As you are aware, in January 2004, Baxter Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Harry Kraemer announced his resignation from the company. On behalf of Baxter’s board of directors and management team, we would like to thank Harry for his many contributions to Baxter, particularly as CEO over the last five years. We greatly appreciate the hard work, dedication and integrity he has demonstrated in contributing to Baxter’s market leadership and growth, and thank Harry as well for his continued commitment to help us ensure a smooth and successful transition to a new CEO. 
Given our commitment to you, our shareholders, we recognize the need for change. We believe the plans we’ve outlined here and others that will be implemented will result in improved profitability and returns. Health care remains one of the fastest-growing industries in the world and the need for the products and services we provide continues to increase. We will continue to assist people with complex diseases such as hemophilia, immune disorders and kidney disease by applying our expertise in
medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to make a meaningful difference in patients’ lives. We have the support and focus of more than 50,000 team members worldwide to accomplish our goals and look forward to renewing your trust and confidence as we execute our plans. With our unique strengths, market-leading positions and renewed sense of vigor and direction, Baxter is well-positioned to prosper in today’s global healthcare marketplace. 
Baxter’s Board of Directors and Executive Management Team

A Message from Harry Kraemer
In January, I announced my plans to leave Baxter after 21 years with the company. Given the challenges Baxter has faced during the last 12 to 18 months, I believe that this is absolutely the right thing to do.
I feel truly blessed to have been a part of the Baxter team during these past two decades, and it has been an honor to lead the team over the last five years as CEO. I have been able to witness first-hand the tremendouswork of more than 50,000 Baxter team members around the world and the impact we have on patients’ lives. I have had the privilege to work for a company that operates with the highest degree of integrity and employs some of the most dedicated and talented people in the health-care industry.
I want to take this opportunity to thank everyone on the Baxter team, customers, patients, suppliers, and of course you, our shareholders, for your support throughout the years. I am proud of what we have accomplished, and have no doubt that the future holds great opportunities for Baxter. I will continue to support Baxter during this transition and the search for a new CEO as the company builds on its great legacy of leadership in health care worldwide. 
Best regards,
Harry M. Jansen Kraemer, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

