1 Baxter International Inc. 2012 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders,
The success of Baxter International Inc. in 2012 reflects our ongoing momentum in pursuit of our mission to save and sustain lives. We remain focused on building a truly great company, capable of advancing outcomes through innovation, effective execution and new ways of doing business. The decisions and investments we are making now will help ensure our ability to address the needs of our wide-ranging stakeholder base today, tomorrow and for decades to come.

2

Rising to Tomorrow's Challenges
The impact of today's challenging macroeconomic climate continues to be felt across the healthcare landscape, and we expect this dynamic to continue. From global cost containment pressures and access constraints to shifting patient demographics, we are in the midst of a significant transformation in how the healthcare industry operates and its many constituencies interact. But just as we are realistic about today's challenges, we also recognize many ongoing and emerging opportunities to enhance care and advance the business -- and Baxter is uniquely positioned to respond successfully. Baxter's focus on medically necessary products and therapies ensures continuing demand for the company's diverse portfolio despite a challenging macroeconomic climate. And, in line with building a great company, we are charting a course that will deliver results today while helping strengthen Baxter for the future.

The only way we can provide long-term value for our stakeholders is by driving sustainable growth across multiple dimensions of our business. Baxter's four strategic growth vectors provide a clear roadmap for making it happen. They reflect key pathways to drive innovation and advance the business for the long term.

Vector 1: Core Portfolio
The most fundamental way to grow the business is by taking full advantage of the global growth potential of our core portfolio. Baxter's wide-ranging product base, focused on nondiscretionary needs -- including many under-diagnosed and under-treated conditions, such as end-stage renal disease, hemophilia and immune deficiencies -- provides many opportunities for ongoing expansion. Emerging markets continue to represent Baxter's greatest opportunity for international growth. Approximately 20 percent of Baxter's revenue now comes from emerging markets, and this is expected to increase to 30 percent within the next five years. Baxter is advancing its presence in emerging markets through key product approvals and launches, while simultaneously supporting the growth of the core portfolio in developed markets worldwide. Among Baxter's 2012 highlights, the company: · R eceived approval in China for ADVATE Octocog alfa (Recombinant Human Coagulation Factor VIII) for the control and prophylaxis of bleeding episodes in individuals with hemophilia A, with an expected launch in 2013. ·L  aunched a new prophylaxis indication for ADVATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Plasma/Albumin-Free Method] in the United States, supporting the prevention of bleeds, in addition to treatment after bleeds occur. ·I ntroduced a new 4000 IU dosage strength of ADVATE in the United States, broadening the most comprehensive range of doses available for enhanced patient convenience. · Launched NUMETA (emulsion for infusion) and OLIMEL (Amino Acids, Dextrose and Lipids, with/without Electrolytes) triple-chamber nutrition systems in multiple markets across Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. · Received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for FLOSEAL Hemostatic Matrix to include needle-free preparation, enhancing safety and convenience for healthcare providers employing the product in a variety of surgical scenarios. · Broadened our global leadership position in anesthesia with the launch of DESFORANE (Desflurano) in Brazil (sold as SUPRANE (Desflurane, USP) in the United States).

2012 Financial Performance

Baxter's focus on medically necessary products and therapies ensures continuing demand for the company's diverse portfolio.

Baxter's 2012 worldwide sales were $14.2 billion, an increase of 2 percent over 2011 sales on a reported basis. The company's net income of $2.3 billion, or $4.18 per diluted share, compares to net income of $2.2 billion, or $3.88 per diluted share, in 2011. In 2012 Baxter's investment in research and development (R&D) rose to almost $1.2 billion, reflecting an increase of more than 20 percent from 2011. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales grew 5 percent in 2012. On an adjusted basis, excluding special items in both years, earnings * per diluted share rose 5 percent, to $4.53. Cash flow from operations rose 10 percent and totaled more than $3.1 billion, a record level.

Baxter's Four Strategic Growth Vectors
Baxter's solid financial performance in 2012 demonstrates the soundness of the company's underlying strategic priorities -- the same priorities that are the platform for the company's future growth.
*Adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding special items, is a non-GAAP measure. The company believes that this non-GAAP measure, when used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and may facilitate a fuller analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another. Please see the company's website at www.baxter.com for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to their respective GAAP measures.

We serve the interests of a multitude of stakeholders in our mission to save and sustain lives. Patients and healthcare providers depend on us for products of exceptional quality and innovation addressing crucial unmet needs. Governments, insurers and other business partners rely on our ongoing collaboration. Our employees seek opportunities to pursue meaningful work and rewarding careers. The communities where we do business are counting on us for economic impact and environmental stewardship. And our shareholders seek and deserve an attractive return on their investment.

3 Baxter International Inc. 2012 Annual Report And Baxter continues to invest in manufacturing capacity to support future growth of its existing portfolio. In August the company began construction of a new, state-of-the-art plasma fractionation facility in Covington, Georgia, to help address anticipated rising demand for Baxter's plasma-derived therapies, including GAMMAGARD LIQUID [Immune Globulin Infusion (Human)] 10% (marketed as KIOVIG Human Normal Immunoglobulin (IVIg) outside the United States and Canada) and albumin products. The facility is expected to create more than 1,500 new U.S. jobs in Georgia, plus many more new roles through the extension of Baxter's plasma collection capabilities. In addition, work progresses on Baxter's expansion in Singapore, which will significantly increase manufacturing capacity for ADVATE; and construction has begun to expand capacity in Halle/Westfalen, Germany, supporting the growth of Baxter's BioPharma Solutions business. ·Continued the United States and European regulatory approval processes for HyQ, a facilitated subcutaneous immunoglobulin therapy for patients with immune deficiencies. ·Initiated a Phase III clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of adult autologous (an individual's own) CD34+ stem cells to increase exercise capacity in patients with chronic myocardial ischemia. ·Initiated a Phase I clinical trial of a fully human, recombinant anti-MIF (anti-macrophage migration inhibitory factor) monoclonal antibody to treat patients having malignant solid tumors.

Vector 3: Business Development
Baxter has accelerated its pace of acquisitions and collaborations in recent years; and we have also become more adept at identifying, closing and integrating these arrangements. In December Baxter announced an agreement to acquire Gambro AB, a longstanding innovator in dialysis treatment. This acquisition, which is expected to close at the end of the second quarter of 2013, will transform our presence in renal care. Gambro's emphasis on in-center hemodialysis and acute care therapies forms an exceptional complement to Baxter's own focus on home-based dialysis technologies. This transaction positions us to offer a comprehensive array of dialysis options at a time when the global need continues to rise. While the Gambro announcement stands out in scale, it is only one of the business development opportunities Baxter has pursued in areas of critical patient need. In 2012 we additionally: ·Acquired Synovis Life Technologies, Inc., a leading provider of biological and mechanical products used for soft tissue repair and microsurgery procedures. ·Completed the purchase of Sigma International General Medical Apparatus, LLC (SIGMA); Baxter purchased its initial stake in 2009 when we became the exclusive global distributor of SIGMA's smart infusion pump technology. ·Entered an exclusive agreement with Chatham Therapeutics, LLC, to develop and commercialize potential treatments for hemophilia B based on Chatham's Biological Nano ParticlesTM gene therapy technology. ·Announced a European licensing agreement with Onconova Therapeutics, Inc., for the novel targeted anti-cancer compound rigosertib. ·Made a range of equity investments through our Baxter Ventures initiative in companies developing high-potential technologies in such areas as autoimmune diseases, end-stage renal disease, allergic asthma and a form of acute depression that frequently leads patients to seek emergency room treatment.

Vector 2: Research and Development
Innovation is the lifeblood of growth in today's marketplace, and Baxter's increasing investment in R&D reflects this fact. This investment has more than doubled since 2005. The result is the most robust product pipeline in the company's history. At the close of 2012, Baxter had 18 products in Phase III development--more than tripling the number of Phase III pipeline programs since 2007--plus many others in earlier stages. These include high-potential new products and line extensions across our BioScience and Medical Products businesses, addressing key areas of unmet patient need. Among our many 2012 R&D milestones, Baxter: ·Received FDA approval for an expanded indication of GAMMAGARD LIQUID to include treatment for multifocal motor neuropathy. ·Initiated the second of two Phase III trials evaluating the use of GAMMAGARD LIQUID for the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. ·Advanced clinical trials on the VIVIA home hemodialysis (HD) system, supporting the administration of High-Dose HD in the home setting. ·Submitted a biologics license application to the FDA for BAX 326, a recombinant factor IX protein being investigated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding episodes for patients over 12 years of age with hemophilia B. ·Completed Phase I clinical trials of BAX 855, a longer-acting recombinant factor VIII protein for the treatment of hemophilia A based on the full-length ADVATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Plasma/Albumin-Free Method] molecule.

Our four strategic growth vectors reflect key pathways to drive innovation and advance the business for the long term.

4

Vector 4: Public-Private Partnerships
Baxter is also committed to innovating new models for doing business that respond to today's market challenges. Governments have never been under greater pressure to control costs, even as they pursue parallel measures to increase healthcare access and improve patient outcomes. Baxter is focused on creative solutions that seek to address these concerns through public-private collaborations focused on widening the availability of leading technologies, controlling costs and fueling local economic opportunity. Baxter's leadership in a broad range of high- priority, nondiscretionary therapies makes us a compelling partner positioned to make a significant impact. In 2012 Baxter: ·Announced an exclusive 20-year partnership with Hemobrás (Empresa Brasileira de Hemoderivados e Biotechnologia) that will greatly increase access to recombinant factor VIII therapy for Brazil's hemophilia A patients. ·Began construction of a new peritoneal dialysis manufacturing facility in Thailand, supporting that country's "PD First" program to reinforce peritoneal dialysis as Thailand's first-line dialysis treatment. ·Announced a partnership with China's National Institute of Hospital Administration under the Ministry of Health to help improve access to peritoneal dialysis in China's rural communities. ·Completed an agreement with Stichting Sanquin Bloedvoorziening (Sanquin Blood Supply Foundation) of the Netherlands that will provide additional plasma fractionation capacity in support of global demand for Baxter's plasma-derived therapies.

Index, our 14th consecutive year on the index and 11th as industry leader. We also ranked first in the healthcare category in Newsweek magazine's U.S. Green Rankings for the fourth consecutive year.

Creating Shareholder Value
By successfully positioning the business for the long term while addressing the needs of our diverse stakeholder base, we are able to deliver increasing value for our investors. Baxter returned approximately $2.3 billion to shareholders in 2012 through dividends totaling approximately $800 million and share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion (or approximately 25 million shares). Baxter announced in July 2012 a new annualized dividend rate of $1.80 per share, representing an increase of more than 34 percent over the previous annual rate. With the support of Baxter's consistently strong balance sheet and cash flow, the company's annual dividend has nearly doubled since 2008. Over the last five years, Baxter's disciplined capital allocation strategy resulted in approximately $11 billion returned to shareholders cumulatively through dividends and share repurchases.

Our strong financial position allows us to significantly increase our R&D investment while continuing to reward our shareholders.

A Strong Future in Service of Patients
With the exceptional contributions and commitment of more than 50,000 employees worldwide, Baxter is prepared to fulfill its mission in 2013 and many years to come. Our core emphasis on lifesaving therapies provides a foundation for growth in both mature and emerging markets. Our investment in innovation is advancing an outstanding R&D pipeline in key areas of unmet need. We are pursuing collaborations -- through business development and government partnerships -- that are helping us reach more patients and serve them in new ways. And all these efforts are bolstered by Baxter's absolute focus on quality and efficiency throughout the company. These are the building blocks that ensure Baxter's ability to make a difference for patients -- and in so doing, achieve sustained success on behalf of our many stakeholders. This, more than anything else, is what resides at the heart of our enduring aspiration to be a truly great company in the service of saving and sustaining lives.

Corporate Social Responsibility
Baxter's continued growth is central to advancing our social and environmental priorities. Our aspiration of being a truly great company embraces our commitment to responsible corporate citizenship and passion for making a difference in people's lives. Baxter and The Baxter International Foundation support worthy causes around the world through product donations, financial support and thriving employee volunteerism. We are focused on improving access to healthcare, responding to natural disasters, and improving math and science education, among other concerns. We are also pursuing efforts at sites worldwide to reduce our carbon footprint and use natural resources more efficiently. As a result of these efforts, Baxter is frequently recognized for its sustainability leadership. In 2012 Baxter was ranked as the Medical Products Industry Leader on the Dow Jones Sustainability

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2013

