Baxter today is a reinvigorated company, backed by a legacy of leadership more than six decades in the making. While the historic spin-off of Allegiance may have been the “headline,” there were many important achievements in 1996. These include Baxter’s clear leadership in the drive to market a successful hemoglobin therapeutic, or “blood substitute;” our acquisition of Immuno International AG, a top European provider of products and services for transfusion medicine; and ongoing growth in attractive markets from Argentina to China.
OUR FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS Most important of all, in 1996 Baxter kept its commitment to shareholders by meeting or exceeding our aggressive ?nancial targets. For several years we have set and delivered to speci?c, and ambitious, targets designed to generate growth and improve return and cash ?ow to increase consistently the value of your investment. For 1996, our ?nancial targets were to:
¦Generate $500 million in “operational cash ?ow,” de?ned as total cash ?ow less working capital and capital expenditures. We generated more than $680 million in operational cash ?ow. ¦Grow net earnings in the high single digits, which we accomplished. ¦Target a net-debt-to-capital ratio between 35 percent and 40 percent. This ratio, which was 50 percent at year-end 1993, was reduced to 34 percent by year-end 1996. ¦Continue to leverage marketing-and-administrative expenses. These costs have fallen from 21.5 percent of sales in 1995 to 21 percent of sales in 1996. ¦Double inventory turns by 1998, using 1993 as a base. While we made signi?cant progress toward this goal in 1996, we still have substantial work to do. ¦Continue to repurchase an additional $500 million in common stock during the next few years. We are on track to meet this commitment, having repurchased $267 million of shares in 1996.
Of course, the ?nancial measure that matters most is total shareholder return (stock price plus dividend), which rose 14 percent during 1996. It was your company’s 40th consecutive annual dividend increase. Over the last three years, total shareholder return has increased at a compound annual growth rate of 28 percent—higher than the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500. This performance was, however, slightly below the S&P Medical Products and Supplies Index. Therefore, management’s bonuses, which are tied directly to the performance of Baxter’s total return in relation to this index, were not paid out in full.
We tie incentives to such benchmarks because we ?rmly believe that aligning the interests of managers and shareholders improves performance. We encourage stock ownership by employees. Many senior managers participated in a voluntary program through which they took out personal loans to purchase Baxter stock. Last year, the company gave options to senior managers priced at a signi?cant premium to Baxter’s stock price. Baxter’s board of directors also is compensated in stock.
By investing in growth opportunities, particularly internationally; leveraging our cost position; focusing on cash-?ow generation; and linking compensation to shareholder returns, we expect to meet our 1997 ?nancial goals, including:
¦Increasing net sales approximately 10 percent before the impact of acquisitions. Including acquisitions, 1997 sales growth will exceed 20 percent. ¦Growing net earnings in the low double digits. This will accelerate in 1998 and beyond. ¦Generating $300 million to $400 million in operational cash ?ow. This is after investing $1 billion in capital expenditures and research-and-development expenditures, but before litigation payments.
OUR CORPORATE STRENGTHS Achieving these aggressive goals means capitalizing on Baxter’s unique competitive strengths. Your company is an acknowledged global leader in technologies related to the blood and circulatory system. Our medical manufacturing skills are recognized and respected worldwide. And, our expanding global presence results in more than half our sales coming from international markets, where spending and demand for medical care are growing rapidly. 
Building on these strengths, Baxter continued to grow its international businesses in 1996—announcing, among other initiatives, a joint venture in Indonesia; plans to build manufacturing plants in China; expansion of our Renal Therapy Services business in Latin America, Asia and Europe; and the formation of regional senior-management boards to aggressively manage ongoing expansion in Europe, Latin America, North America, Japan and Asia. We also continued to develop innovative technologies. Our “blood substitute” became the ?rst such product approved for the ?nal stage of clinical testing in the United States, and we introduced our QUANTUM PD™ nightly exchange system for peritoneal-dialysis patients. In research and development, we made progress in minimally invasive technologies to repair diseased blood vessels and arteries; continued clinical trials for our Sealagen™ biologic “glue” used to stop bleeding in surgical wounds; and conducted the ?rst trials using genetically altered porcine livers as a “bridge” to transplant. 
Bringing these ideas to life and these products to market are more than 35,000 Baxter employees. They hand-craft replacement heart valves in Irvine, California; ?ll ?exible bags with dialysis solutions in Guangzhou, China; and manufacture immune globulins in Lessines, Belgium. Baxter employeesare committed to quality and to excellence—not because it says so in a vision statement, but because they know customers count on them, sometimes literally with their lives. In the end, that’s what your company is all about. We are in the business of “saving lives worldwide.” By growing globally, and by continuing to innovate in select technologies, we can generate outstanding returns and improve the quality of life for millions of people worldwide.
Finally, I want to thank David W. Grainger, Silas S. Cathcart and Lester B. Knight, who resigned from Baxter’s board of directors last year to become board members of Allegiance, for their dedication, vision and commitment to excellence. We wish them well. 
On behalf of the entire Baxter team,
Vernon R. Loucks Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Of?cer February 10, 1997
