Welcome! It is my pleasure to give you, our shareholders, an update on your company. I say your company because, as one of Baxter’s shareholders (like many Baxter team members around the world who own Baxter common shares), you own the company. It is incumbent on our management team to make sure that each of you understands what we’re trying to accomplish as a company, and why we believe it will lead to higher returns for you.
Having just completed my first year as Baxter’s chief executive officer, and now in my first year as chairman of the company’s board of directors, I’m excited to share with you Baxter’s mission, our 1999 financial performance, and where we are headed as a company. In addition, I will set specific commitments for the year 2000 against which you can track our progress. I also will comment on how we intend to build for Baxter’s future.
BAXTER’S MISSION I believe we are truly privileged to be part of the global health-care industry. Virtually everything we do plays an important role in helping to save lives around the world. I receive many touching letters from patients and physicians during the year. These individuals articulate far better than I the significant difference that Baxter’s 45,000 team members make each and every day. An example is a letter we received from Alvin Ornstein of Honeoye Falls, New York:
“I want to thank and commend you and all of the wonderful people at Baxter for their wonderful work in helping extend the life of my wife. Five years ago, we learned my wife had to have dialysis and it seemed like the end. We selected peritoneal dialysis with your HomeChoice® cycler. It became our lifeline. We lived at home normally and traveled across the country in our travel trailer with the cycler and supplies for four years. They were good times. She died a few weeks ago and I want you to know how great your people are whom I’ve had dealings with…”
He went on to single out the Baxter team members who delivered their supplies, helped with arrangements for their trips, and lent other support throughout the course of the therapy. What makes me feel very proud is that Baxter makes similar contributions to the lives of thousands of people around the world every day.
As will be discussed in the section of this report beginning on page 10, our global team is living a common mission: providing critical therapies for people with life-threatening conditions. As William Graham, chairman emeritus of Baxter’s board of directors, has stated often during the past 50 years: “It’s great to do well by doing good.”
BAXTER’S 1999 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE I firmly believe that Baxter’s credibility with shareholders is dependent on setting clear, specific financial commitments and consistently achieving each and every one of them. Your Baxter team did that once again in 1999. Our 1999 commitments and results, including the CardioVascular business, are summarized below.
Increase net sales approximately 10 percent. In 1999 we achieved growth in net sales of 10 percent. Of particular note was the 17 percent growth in our Blood Therapies business. On a geographical basis, Japan grew almost 20 percent.
Grow net earnings in the low double digits. In 1999, excluding special charges, we achieved growth in net earnings of 15 percent and diluted earnings per share were $2.86, an increase of 13 percent.
Generate $500 million in operational cash flow, after investing approximately $1billion in capital expenditures and research and development. Clearly, a key driver of Baxter’s financial strength and future stock price is the consistent generation of operational cash flow. In 1999, I’m proud to report that after investing a total of $1.1 billion in capital expenditures and research and development, we generated $719 million in operational cash flow. As you will see, we have even more aggressive goals in place for the year 2000.
In addition to achieving these three financial goals, we announced in July 1999 our plans to spin off Baxter’s CardioVascular business as a separate
publicly traded company. The new company, which will be named Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, is now expected to begin trading as an independent company by the end of the first quarter, 2000. I am very confident that Edwards Lifesciences will be a leader in the cardiovascular market going forward.
Baxter’s compound five-year annual return for the period 1994–1999 is 23 percent, versus 26 percent for the S&P Medical Index. However, despite achieving all of our commitments for 1999, Baxter’s total return to shareholders for the year was approximately zero percent. This return exceeded our peer group, the S&P Medical Index, by seven percentage points (zero percent versus a negative seven percent for the S&P Medical Index).
WHERE WE’RE HEADED The key to Baxter achieving its vision is for all Baxter team members to live our Shared Values of respect, responsiveness and results. I believe that by truly respecting everyone on the team, bringing out the best in one another, and constantly improving our responsiveness to customers and patients, we will consistently generate significant results. Our Shared Values are the foundation of everything we do. As a result, we are well positioned to focus on our three key goals: building the Best Team, being the Best Partner and generating the Best Investmentfor our shareholders.
Best Team=Building the best global team in health care. This may seem easy or obvious, but it’s not. Our objectives are to share ideas and resources across Baxter worldwide and ensure clear, frequent, two-way communication. The goal is not for individuals on the team to be right, but rather, to make sure we do the right thing consistently for patients, customers, shareholders and all members of the Baxter team. We must attract, develop and retain the best people and create an environment that inspires, motivates and rewards teams and individuals. We must build 
a culture of speed and clarity in everything we do. 
I believe a key ingredient to becoming the Best Team is for each of us to bring our “whole person” to work every day. That whole person includes our job, our family, our health, our religious convictions and our social interactions. That’s what makes each of us unique and adds life and vitality to the Baxter family. By creating a balance in our work and family life and creating a flexible work environment for all Baxter team members, I believe we’re doing what is socially responsible and creating a significant competitive advantage for Baxter as a preferred place to work.
Best Partner=Creating sustainable win-win customer relationships. In a large company, it is important to keep in mind that the reason we’ve built a strong team is to serve patients and customers. We must remain extremely focused and align our priorities with the requirements of  patients and customers. We need to consistently evaluate and meet agreed-upon patient and customer
requirements and continue to develop innovative products and services to meet their needs. We are making progress and are always striving to make improvements.
Best Investment=Consistentlydelivering significant shareholder return. I believe there are several key drivers of shareholder return. It is crucial to have a strong team and be patient- and customer-focused, but we must also be innovative. We will do this by delivering new products and services through internal development, acquisitions and alliances, which will generate profitable growth in sales and earnings, leading to long-term growth in operational cash flow.
As a result of achieving our goals of Best Team, Best Partner and Best Investment, Baxter will be recognized as one of the most admired companies in the world.
Given the high projected growth and increased need  for health care around the world, the key disease states on which we focus, and our core capabilities, I believe we have a host of future opportunities. Each of these topics is discussed in more detail in the body of this report. 
COMMITMENTS FOR THE YEAR 2000 Our specific commitments for the year 2000, excluding Edwards Lifesciences, are as follows:
Increase net sales approximately 10 percent.
Grow net earnings in the mid-teens.
Generate a minimum of $500 million in operational cash flow after investing more than $1billion in capital expenditures and research and development. 
We are working aggressively to incorporate E-business applications into all aspects of our business. We are expanding our web sites to link us more closely with patients, physicians and points of care. We are using the Internet to facilitate collaboration with research partners in product development. We are using E-business tools to increase
the speed and efficiency with which we deal with customers, suppliers and other Baxter team members in our dayto-day operations. Using E-business to enhance our competitive position is one of my top priorities. I will keep you apprised of our progress in this area.
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE As you know, in December 1999, Vern Loucks retired as Baxter’s chairman of the board, having served in that capacity for 15 years, and having served Baxter for a total of 34 years. I have always considered him an excellent mentor, advisor and friend, and I wish him well in his future endeavors. In addition, I want to thank Mike Mussallem for his many contributions to Baxter and wish him success as Edwards Lifesciences’ chairman and chief executive officer.
SUMMARY I believe Baxter is uniquely positioned for the future. As you read this report, I hope you will gain an understanding of: 1) Baxter’s growth opportunities; 2) the company’s mission; 3) our core capabilities and how we leverage them
across the company, and 4) new product development and our plans for the future.
It’s important to me that you, our shareholders, understand where we’re headed. I would appreciate hearing from you with any questions or comments. Feel free to reach me via e-mail at onebaxter@baxter.com and I’ll make sure that we get back to you very quickly.
Thanks for your attention. Here’s wishing you, your families and friends a fantastic year 2000!
On behalf of the entire Baxter team,
Sincerely,
Harry M. Jansen Kraemer, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


