Dear Shareholders: A year ago, I wrote to you after completing my ?rst 12 months as Baxter’s chief executive of?cer, and shared with you my vision for Baxter. This year, having completed my ?rst year as chairman of Baxter’s board of directors, I am even more excited, based on the results of a successful year 2000, and more importantly, what I believe are even better prospects for a dynamic decade of accelerating growth for your company. First, let me remind you that Baxter serves an extremely important role. The products and services that we provide help people with hemophilia, kidney disease, cancer, immune de?ciencies and other disorders. Our mission is to provide critical therapies for people with life-threatening conditions. We continue to enhance these therapies and make quality health care available to more and more people around the world. All of us on the Baxter team are very proud of our mission.
[A Successful Year: 2000] In Baxter’s 1999 annual report, I discussed our focus on three key goals: building the Best Team in health care; being the Best Partner to customers and patients; and being the Best Investment for you, our shareholders. I am very pleased with our progress on these three goals. I also discussed our Shared Values of respect, responsiveness, and results as the foundation of everything we do. Our passion to achieve these goals and live our values makes it possible for us to achieve our business objectives. As a shareholder, your interests, of course, are focused on the success of your investment. We are very proud of our investment results. The best barometer of our performance is Baxter’s total return (the sum of stock appreciation plus dividends) compared to other indices. In the year 2000, the combination of the increase in Baxter’s stock price and the dividend from the spin-off of Edwards Lifesciences gave you a return of more than 49 percent. Baxter’s performance surpassed that of our peer group, the S&P Healthcare Composite Index, and was far higher than the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average, both of which yielded negative returns in 2000. Our compound annual return since 1993 is 29 percent. Also last year, I outlined for you speci?c ?nancial commitments for the year 2000. They included increasing sales approximately 10 percent, growing earnings in the mid-teens, and generating at least $500 million in operational cash ?ow after investing more than $1 billion in capital expenditures and research and development. I am happy to report that we met all of our commitments, and I am con?dent that the momentum we have generated will continue into 2001 and beyond.
[Growth and Innovation]  We have made tremendous progress in recent years in sharpening our operational focus, improving our ?nancial position, and positioning Baxter for the future. We are now entering a phase in which our focus is to signi?cantly increase the sales and earnings growth of the company while continuing to introduce medical breakthroughs that will make signi?cant inroads in the treatment and prevention of disease. Nearly 80 percent of our sales are in markets in which we hold leading positions. Yet, even in these markets, there are tremendous growth opportunities. As noted on the opening page of this report, many people in the world with life-threatening diseases currently go untreated or are undertreated because their countries have not yet reached a stage of economic development to provide broad access to quality health care. The aging population is creating additional needs, as people require a disproportionate amount of health care in their later years. This creates a tremendous opportunity for Baxter. Given our global presence, Baxter is uniquely positioned to meet these health-care needs around the world. Currently, more than 50 percent of our sales are generated outside the United States. Another advantage is our manufacturing strength. Today, we manufacture more than 85 percent of what we sell, and we are the highest-quality, best-cost manufacturer in virtually everything we produce. Baxter also is uniquely positioned because of our focus on critical therapies for life-threatening conditions. We are increasing our investments in research and development to provide the best and most cost-effective therapies for these conditions in the years ahead. 
[The Future]  So, when we look to Baxter’s future, there are several things you can expect. First, we will continue to develop our leadership positions in the critical therapies we’re involved in today. For example, in hemophilia, we will continue to advance technologies used to produce clotting factor, while increasing our production capacity to meet a tremendous global need. In renal therapy, we will continue to develop new solutions and technologies for peritoneal dialysis while expanding our capabilities in hemodialysis and opening renal treatment centers. You also will see us move into new areas that build off of or expand our core capabilities. One recent example of this is our growing vaccines business, where we continue to expand our expertise in recombinant technology. Another is anesthesia, the fastest-growing area of our Medication Delivery business, which builds on relationships we have with hospital pharmacists and others involved in drug delivery. We expect sales in each of these areas to exceed $1 billion by the end of the decade. We also will continue to increase shareholder value by focusing on talent management, allowing us to attract, retain and develop the best talent in all functional areas; innovation, enabling us to develop new and better products and services that will contribute to the accelerated growth of the company; E-business, giving us the ability to signi?cantly increase productivity and get closer to our customers, business partners and patients; and speed in decision-making, reducing bureaucracy and making us more agile in understanding and meeting customer and patient needs. I believe we are strongly positioned for a great 2001, and equally important, for a great decade ahead. Thank you for your support. I can promise you that the dedicated Baxter team of 45,000 members around the world will continue to focus their energy and attention on making Baxter even better in the future than it has been in the past. Given our great heritage, this is no small task. But we are up to it. As you read the pages that follow, I’m sure you will agree that this is a special company, and the best is yet to come. As shareholders, this is your company. I am very interested in hearing your views, comments and questions. Please do not hesitate to leave me an e-mail at onebaxter@baxter.com.
Harry M. Jansen Kraemer, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Of?cer

