LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders: Each day, millions of people around the world rely on Baxter's life-saving products. As a shareholder, you can be proud of Baxter's mission of applying innovative science and technology to develop products and therapies that save and sustain patients' lives.
Our heritage has been built on 75 years of innovation in healthcare. Many of our products have revolutionized medicine, bringing new treatments and better care to patients worldwide. A number of these breakthroughs occurred under the leadership of William B. Graham, who passed away in January 2006 at the age of 94. No man is more strongly associated with Baxter's greatness as a pioneer and leader in healthcare than Mr. Graham. As CEO from 1953 to 1980, he presided over 28 years of double-digit earnings growth, and many of Baxter's most significant scientific and technical accomplishments.Those of which he was most proud include:

· the first commercially accepted artificial kidney, making life-saving dialysis possible for people with kidney disease; · the first plastic blood-collection system, which made it possible to separate blood into its various components; · the first commercial heart-lung oxygenator, which facilitated open-heart surgery, one of the century's greatest medical breakthroughs; · the first clotting factor for people with hemophilia; · the VIAFLEX intravenous (IV) container system, which quickly became the standard for IV administration; and · the introduction of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis, which gave new freedom to kidney-disease patients around the world.
Needless to say, Mr. Graham will be missed. But the legacy he leaves is a level of greatness to which Baxter still aspires.

2

New Product Successes in 2005

As you will read in the following pages, we introduced many new products across the globe and formed 20 new R&D alliances, partnerships and collaborations in 2005, reflecting a renewed spirit of innovation in the company. Our product successes in 2005 included:

· Sales of our ADVATE Antihemophilic Factor (recombinant) for treatment of hemophilia A doubled to more than $600 million. In just two years, ADVATE has become the leading recombinant Factor VIII therapy in the markets where it has been launched. · We formed alliances with Nektar Therapeutics and Lipoxen Technologies to develop longer-acting forms of Factor VIII and other blood-clotting proteins, and with Cangene Corporation to market and distribute WinRho SDF, an antibody therapy to treat immune thrombocytopenic pupura, an autoimmune disorder. · We launched GAMMAGARD Liquid, our most advanced intravenous immunoglubulin (IVIG) for treatment of primary immune disorders, and FLEXBUMIN, the first albumin in a flexible plastic container. · Our technology is playing a key role in clinical trials aimed at using adult stem cells to reduce symptoms and improve clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease. · We established a strong presence in the fast-growing orthobiologics market through an alliance with Kuros Biosurgery AG to develop and commercialize a portfolio of hard and soft tissuerepair products, complementing our TISSEEL fibrin-sealant technology. In December 2005, we received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for our first new orthobiologic tissue-regenerative product, the TricOs T Bone Void Filler, indicated to help repair bone defects, including those from surgery or traumatic injury. · In the area of drug delivery, our research agreement with Halozyme Therapeutics resulted in an exciting new recombinant product called HYLENEX, which improves the absorption and dispersion of injectable drugs in the body. · We received a grant from the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) to develop a candidate H5N1 influenza vaccine based on an avian strain, and a contract in early 2006 from the National Health Service in the United Kingdom to produce a stockpile of the same candidate vaccine. In addition, we and our partner Acambis plc met our commitment to deliver 500,000 doses of a candidate Modified Vaccinia Ankara vaccine ­ a next-generation smallpox vaccine for immune-compromised individuals ­ to the NIAID in 2005. · We substantially completed expansion of our contract manufacturing facility in Bloomington, Indiana, to meet the increasing demand for pre-filled injectable drugs.The expansion makes Baxter the largest contract manufacturer of pre-filled syringes in North America.
3

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Creating Value

These successes all created value for our shareholders in 2005.We also created value by meeting or exceeding all of our financial commitments, despite some significant challenges. We improved our earnings and cash flow, and significantly strengthened our financial position. We reduced our debt by approximately $1 billion, contributed more than $570 million to our pension plans, and reduced our net investment hedge liabilities by more than $525 million during the year.We also announced in early 2006 a $1.5 billion share repurchase program, further reflecting our improved financial condition.We completed a rebuilding of our senior management team that gives us the experience, commitment and leadership to grow in the future.We also realigned and added new talent to our global organization to take better advantage of growth opportunities outside the United States, particularly in developing nations.We expect to continue to improve our operating margins and generate strong and sustainable cash flow to create increasing value for our customers, patients and shareholders.
Accelerating Growth: A Look at 2006 and Beyond
"We are inspired to make the company Bill Graham built as great as ever. Our vision...our aspiration...is to continue his legacy."

Our biggest challenge in 2005 and one of our key priorities in 2006 is working with the FDA to resolve quality issues related to our COLLEAGUE IV infusion pump. I believe we already have made substantial progress in addressing these challenges.This includes the establishment of a Device Center of Excellence focused on ensuring the quality of sophisticated, electromechanical devices like IV pumps. Our strategy for future growth is to continue what was set in motion to achieve our successes in 2005. As our R&D productivity continues to increase, we will also grow R&D spending at a faster rate than sales as an investment in our future.We will accelerate our pursuit of new business-development opportunities and continue to exit lower-margin, under-performing businesses. And, due to our improved operating margins and strong cash flow, we also will pursue selective acquisitions. Global expansion is another important component of our growth strategy.Today, more than 50 percent of our sales and earnings come from outside the United States. Our strong global presence puts us in position to grow with the economies of countries for which increased healthcare spending will continue to become an increasing priority. Yin Le, the young peritoneal dialysis (PD) patient on the cover of this year's annual report, is part of a Chinese PD population that is growing more than 25 percent a year. As the world's leading provider of PD products and services, Baxter is focused on growing PD as a therapy of choice for people with end-stage kidney failure, particularly in developing nations where many patients go untreated. Accelerating growth while creating value for our shareholders remains our focus as we move into 2006.We do so with a sense of optimism based on our recent accomplishments. We are also inspired to make the company Bill Graham built as great as ever.We have the talent, the strategies and the resources, as well as the spirit of innovation that he embodied. Our vision...our aspiration...is to continue his legacy.

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. March 1, 2006

4

