BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. Letter to Shareholders www.baxter.com

Dear Shareholders: Baxter International Inc. achieved many important milestones in 2013 amidst a challenging macroeconomic climate. Over the course of 12 months, the company completed a major acquisition, received approvals for a range of new patient therapies, launched core products in new markets and made significant investments across R&D and manufacturing capacity. Our focus, as always, is on successfully advancing our mission to save and sustain lives while driving value for our diverse stakeholder base.

Estelle Morel of Baxter's Neuchâtel, Switzerland, facility assists in the manufacturing of an investigational recombinant von Willebrand factor now in a Phase III clinical trial for treating von Willebrand disease.

FUNDING TOMORROW'S TECHNOLOGIES IN TODAY'S ECONOMY
The global healthcare economy continues to make for a complex, demanding operating environment. Spending is growing in both mature and emerging markets. Pressure to control costs is enormous -- as is the need to expand access to quality care, which requires further investment of limited resources. It is little wonder, then, that governments and insurers around the world are pursuing multiple levers to control expenses. Our responsibility as an industry is to deliver value through improved patient outcomes and cost effectiveness, as well as to advance new approaches to collaboration that can help payers achieve their broader economic goals. At the same time, our industry is founded on scientific innovation, and healthcare research and development (R&D) entails investment risk in the quest to improve care and address unmet patient needs. Today's physicians and healthcare companies are delivering solutions that previous generations could only imagine; yet the demand for new treatments remains great across cancer, renal disease, neurological disorders and many other severe medical conditions. There are also major opportunities to enhance the value and improve outcomes of existing treatments through the implementation of new technologies. Only an economically viable healthcare industry can continue to address these possibilities through scientific research. While healthcare products are the frequent target of spending controls, the cost of pharmaceuticals, devices and other medical products represents only a fraction of the overall spending in global healthcare; and only a small proportion of this cost goes toward the profitability essential to funding research, expanding manufacturing capacity and rewarding investors. It is crucial that payers recognize these facts in their calculations of the value delivered by the industry, both through today's therapies and the discoveries yet to come -- advances that presently exist only in the potential of industry R&D and the hopes of countless patients and their families.

2013 Sales by Business
(dollars in billions)

$1.0

$1.5

$3.4

BioScience Hemophilia BioTherapeutics BioSurgery Vaccines Medical Products Fluid Systems Renal Specialty Pharmaceuticals BioPharma Solutions

$3.1

$2.1 $3.1 $0.7 $0.3

2013 Sales by Region
(dollars in billions)

$1.8 $2.4

United States Europe Asia Pacific Latin America and Canada $6.5

$4.6

$15.3

$14.2

$3.2

$13.9

$12.8

$12.6

$2.9

$2.8

2009

2012

2013

2009

2012

2013

2009

$1.07

$1.18

$1.27

2012
131.5%

$1.57

Revenues
(dollars in billions)

Cash Flow from Operations
(dollars in billions)

Cash Dividends Declared
(per common share)

*Represents earnings per diluted share (as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)), after adjusting earnings to exclude special items. Please see the company's website at www.baxter.com for a reconciliation to earnings per diluted share.

$1,156

$1,246

116.7%

$4.31

$917

$915

128.0%

$4.53

$4.67

$946

$3.80

Dow Jones

S&P 500

S&P HC

Earnings per Diluted Share
(adjusted)*

R&D Investment
(dollars in millions)

5-Year Total Shareholder Return
(including dividends)

Baxter

2009

2012

2013

2009

2012

2013

2010

2010

2011

2011

46.4%

$3.98

2013

2010

2010

2010

2011

2011

2011

$1.92

$3.0

$3.1

INNOVATING IN AREAS OF URGENT NEED
While macroeconomic pressures affecting the industry show no sign of abating, Baxter continues to deliver sound financial performance and invest for future growth. Our multifaceted strategy is proving capable of delivering results even in the face of a challenging healthcare landscape. Innovation is fundamental to our approach. This includes therapeutic innovation, as reflected in a year of many new product approvals, launches and pipeline advances. It also includes business model innovation, as we engage with payers in new ways to deliver on shared goals, such as increasing access to care and lessening risk through strategic collaboration. Our success is bolstered by the qualities -- and quality -- of what we produce. Baxter remains focused on medically necessary products, therapies and integrated solutions, helping ensure sustained demand regardless of prevailing economic conditions. And we bring our products to the global market with an emphasis on quality and continuous improvement throughout the development and manufacturing process.

DRIVING RESULTS ACROSS OUR STRATEGIC GROWTH VECTORS
As our 2013 highlights reflect, Baxter's success is the outcome of a balanced approach to doing business. Our four strategic growth vectors are enabling us to progress on multiple fronts, all representing areas of opportunity and platforms for innovation. · Received approval from the U.S. FDA for a new indication of FEIBA [Anti-Inhibitor Coagulant Complex] for routine prophylaxis to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes in patients with hemophilia A or B who have developed inhibitors. FEIBA is the first product with a prophylaxis indication in the United States for treating patients with hemophilia A or B with inhibitors. · Launched ADVATE Octocog alfa (Recombinant Human Coagulation Factor VIII) in China for the control and prophylaxis of bleeding episodes in individuals with hemophilia A. · Expanded access to Baxter's triple-chamber parenteral nutrition systems worldwide, including the launch of CLINOMEL in China and OLIMEL in Brazil. · Launched new aluminum packaging for SUPRANE (desflurane, USP) in the United States, Canada and Europe that is unbreakable under normal usage conditions. · Introduced the latest software release for the DoseEdge pharmacy workflow manager, which now does even more to promote safety while helping minimize waste and increase productivity. DoseEdge is part of an array of Baxter products supporting the integrated medication management process in hospital pharmacies worldwide. We are also investing in growth through increased manufacturing capacity. With demand for our plasma-based therapies -- including GAMMAGARD LIQUID [Immune Globulin Infusion (Human)] 10% (marketed as KIOVIG Human Normal Immunoglobulin (IVIg) outside the United States and Canada) and albumin products -- continuing to rise, we recently completed upgrades to our Los Angeles plasma fractionation facility. In addition, construction continues on our new state-of-the-art fractionation facility in Covington, Georgia, which is scheduled to begin commercial production in 2018. This facility will add 3 million liters of incremental capacity over time, with room for expansion, while creating more than 1,500 new jobs in Georgia and additional employment through the growth of Baxter's U.S. plasma collection operations.

Vector 1: Core Portfolio
Baxter is a market leader in a broad range of therapeutic areas, and we continue to enhance the value of our portfolio for patients and healthcare professionals. We are constantly growing the presence and performance of our portfolio across both established and emerging markets. Expansion in emerging markets is critical to Baxter's long-term success, and patients and healthcare providers benefit greatly from the availability of new therapies and technologies. Today slightly more than 20 percent of Baxter's sales are in emerging markets; we expect this to reach approximately 30 percent by 2017. Baxter's portfolio is also a catalyst for ongoing R&D. We are optimizing the benefit of existing products through new indications and labeling expansions, and pursuing other innovations that enhance value for our customers. Among our core portfolio highlights in 2013, Baxter: · Received authorization from the European Medicines Agency to update the ADVATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) Plasma/Albumin Free Method] (in the EU, ADVATE, octocog alfa) Summary of Product Characteristics to include findings of a Phase IV prophylaxis study comparing standard and pharmacokinetic-guided prophylactic dosing regimens of ADVATE to on-demand treatment. The same study supported the 2011 U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of ADVATE prophylaxis dosing, which continues to drive increased demand in the United States.

2013 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Baxter's 2013 worldwide sales were $15.3 billion, an increase of 8 percent over 2012. The company's net income was $2.0 billion, or $3.66 per diluted share. In 2013 Baxter's investment in R&D rose to $1.2 billion, a record level. The Gambro AB acquisition contributed 4 percent toward sales growth in 2013. On an adjusted basis, excluding special items, earnings per diluted share rose 3 percent in 2013, to $4.67.* Cash flow from operations rose 3 percent and totaled approximately $3.2 billion.

*Adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding special items, is a non-GAAP measure. The company believes that this non-GAAP measure, when used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and may facilitate a fuller analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another. Please see the company's website at www.baxter.com for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to their respective GAAP measures.

Vector 2: Research and Development
New product innovation is our most crucial engine of sustained growth. 2013 was a productive year, reflecting the revitalization of R&D at Baxter over the past decade. Research on blood disorders is central to our R&D program. Among our 2013 accomplishments, Baxter: · Launched RIXUBIS [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant)] in the United States for routine prophylactic treatment, control of bleeding episodes and perioperative management in adults with hemophilia B. RIXUBIS is the first new recombinant factor IX approved by the U.S. FDA in more than 15 years and the only one indicated for both routine prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes for adult patients. Baxter has also applied for approval in Europe and Japan, as well as approval of a pediatric indication in the United States. · Submitted a biologics license application to the U.S. FDA for OBI-1 for patients with acquired hemophilia A. Baxter purchased OBI-1 and related assets earlier in the year from Inspiration BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Ipsen Pharma S.A.S. · Completed enrollment in the Phase III clinical trial of BAX 855, an investigational extended half-life recombinant factor VIII treatment for hemophilia A built from the same native factor VIII protein as ADVATE. BAX 855 employs proprietary PEGylation technology from Nektar Therapeutics designed to extend its duration of activity in the body. · Continued the Phase III trial of a recombinant von Willebrand factor for treating patients with von Willebrand disease, the world's most common bleeding disorder. · Initiated a global Phase III study of BAX 817, a recombinant factor VIIa to treat severe bleeding in hemophilia A or B patients with inhibitors. · Began treating the first patients in the Phase I study of BAX 335, a gene therapy treatment for hemophilia B based on Chatham Therapeutics LLC's Biological Nano ParticlesTM technology, potentially representing an entirely new paradigm in hemophilia treatment.

Baxter's pipeline progress also encompasses approvals, launches and other R&D milestones in renal disease, primary immunodeficiency disease and biosurgical tissue repair. Over the course of the year, the company: · Received European Union marketing approval for HyQvia (solution for subcutaneous use), a treatment enabling many adult patients with primary and secondary immunodeficiencies to infuse immune globulin subcutaneously through a single injection site at volumes, intervals and rates comparable to intravenous infusion. HyQvia has now launched in select European markets. In November Baxter filed an amended biologics license application to re-initiate the approval process for HyQvia in the United States. · Received European Union marketing approval for VIVIA, a home-based hemodialysis system designed to deliver more frequent, extended duration, short daily or nocturnal home hemodialysis therapy, known as High Dose Hemodialysis. VIVIA incorporates Baxter's SHARESOURCE wireless connectivity platform, which allows remote online monitoring of home therapy by physicians and other healthcare professionals. · Initiated the launch of the AMIA peritoneal dialysis cycler in the United States. This next-generation cycler features a large graphic interface and voice guidance for increased ease of home use. · Received European Union marketing approval for HEMOPATCH Sealing Hemostat, a novel resorbable collagenbased pad to help control bleeding in a variety of surgical scenarios. · Advanced other key R&D initiatives, including our study of Immune Globulin Subcutaneous (Human) 20%, a new therapy based on Baxter's market-leading GAMMAGARD LIQUID that requires less overall infusion time and less volume compared to existing subcutaneous treatment options (other than Baxter's HyQvia); and the next generation of Baxter's HomeChoice peritoneal dialysis cycler, anticipated to launch in 2014.

Vector 3: Business Development
Business development has been an important part of Baxter's strategy in recent years. These efforts reached a new peak in 2013 with the acquisition of Gambro AB, an innovator in in-center hemodialysis and acute renal care products. Our commitment to renal care dates back more than a half century, to the development of the first commercially built artificial kidney. Baxter later emerged as the global market leader in products for peritoneal dialysis, the primary home-based therapy option for end-stage renal disease patients. Baxter's acquisition of Gambro positions us with a comprehensive renal care portfolio unique in the industry, enabling us to serve patients and healthcare providers with the complete range of therapeutic options across home, in-center and hospital settings. The complementary global penetration of hemodialysis in established markets and peritoneal dialysis in emerging markets provides attractive cross-marketing opportunities, and Gambro's strength in acute renal care offers Baxter a greater presence in this rapidly growing market segment. This is the largest acquisition in Baxter's history; yet it should not overshadow other strategic business development arrangements in 2013, all with the potential to address unmet patient needs in existing areas of strength and closely aligned therapeutic areas. Among these highlights, Baxter: · Announced an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with Cell Therapeutics, Inc. to develop and commercialize pacritinib, a novel investigational JAK2/ FLT3 inhibitor with activity against genetic mutations linked to myelofibrosis, leukemia and certain solid tumors. Pacritinib is currently in Phase III development for patients with myelofibrosis. · Entered into an exclusive collaboration with Coherus Biosciences, Inc. to develop and commercialize a biosimilar to etanercept for Europe, Canada, Brazil and certain other markets. Etanercept is currently used to treat a range of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis.

· Signed an exclusive license and distribution agreement with JW Holdings to co-develop and commercialize parenteral nutrition products containing a novel formulation of omega 3 lipids. We also continue to invest in high-potential technologies through our Baxter Ventures initiative. In 2013 Baxter Ventures made equity investments in early-stage companies developing potentially groundbreaking products and therapies in areas such as autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, bacterial infection, oncology, ophthalmology and peritoneal dialysis.

· In 2010 Baxter entered into a licensing agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited in partnership with the Japanese government to bring Baxter's proprietary Vero cell culture and vaccine manufacturing technology to Japan. In 2013 the arrangement resulted in the approval of a cell culture­based prototype vaccine and H5N1 influenza vaccine in Japan. · The growth of peritoneal dialysis in Asia has also served as a platform for public-private partnerships. The past year saw the formal launch of Baxter's partnership with China's National Institute of Hospital Administration under the Ministry of Health to improve access to peritoneal dialysis in rural communities. And construction of a new Baxter peritoneal dialysis manufacturing facility continues in Thailand, supporting increased demand under the government's "PD First" policy, making peritoneal dialysis the first-line treatment option for new patients, when appropriate.

Vector 4: Public-Private Partnerships
Baxter is engaging in creative collaborations that are helping governments expand access to leading technologies, control costs and even spur local economic opportunity. Baxter's leadership across many nondiscretionary, lifesaving therapies -- treatments that are among the highest priority for payers and patients around the world -- positions us as a highly credible, reliable partner. During the course of 2013, Baxter advanced several existing public-private partnerships: · Through the terms of a 20-year partnership struck in late 2012 with Hemobrás (Empresa Brasileira de Hemoderivados e Biotechnologia), a company founded by Brazil's Ministry of Health, Baxter has become Brazil's exclusive provider of recombinant factor VIII therapy and is facilitating a technology transfer to support local processing capacity and technical expertise. This arrangement is already expanding access to Baxter's market-leading hemophilia A therapy: It is estimated that more than 20 percent of Brazil's 10,000 hemophilia A patients have now switched to recombinant therapy.

Ongoing Portfolio Evaluation
Recently we announced that we are assessing strategic options for our vaccines and cell therapy programs. Our disciplined capital allocation strategy ensures we are constantly evaluating our portfolio relative to our goals for sustainable, profitable performance. This can mean divesting assets that are no longer considered core to our long-term objectives.
~ continued on back cover

Top: Hanne Pedersen undergoes hemodiafiltration treatment at a hemodialysis center in Copenhagen, Denmark, using the Gambro ARTIS dialysis system (now part of the Baxter portfolio). Middle: Erick Quiles Perez of San Juan, Puerto Rico, uses Baxter's FEIBA to treat his hemophilia A with inhibitors. When Erick required knee surgery, his surgeons used Baxter's FLOSEAL Hemostatic Matrix to help control his bleeding. Bottom: Employees operate a filter press used to separate proteins at Baxter's Los Angeles, California, plasma fractionation facility.

RETURNING VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS
The strength of our balance sheet and cash flow allowed us to announce a 9 percent dividend increase in May 2013. This followed a 34 percent increase instituted less than a year earlier. Baxter's annual dividend rate is now $1.96 per share -- more than triple the rate of just seven years ago. Baxter returned more than $1.9 billion to shareholders in 2013 through dividends totaling more than $1.0 billion and share repurchases of approximately $913 million (or approximately 13 million shares). Baxter has returned more than $10 billion to shareholders cumulatively through dividends and share repurchases over the past five years.

ADVANCING OUR MISSION
Market conditions shift and strategies evolve, but our aspiration remains constant: to build a truly great company in service of our mission to save and sustain lives. Through the hard work of our 61,000 employees worldwide, Baxter has advanced its status as a leader in innovation, with a commitment to quality, excellence and integrity that is reflected in all aspects of how we do business. The emphasis on our four growth vectors has resulted in a year of notable achievements and investments. Yet there is still much more to accomplish. Our aspiration is not a goal to be attained. It is a horizon that remains before us -- because there will always be more we can do to serve our broad stakeholder base. And every step we take to embrace this potential enhances the value we are able to deliver for patients, physicians, employees, investors and all others who benefit from Baxter International as a thriving enterprise. Our progress to date makes it clear that we are on a sound trajectory. Now our journey continues.

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2014

Baxter's annual Sustainability Report, at www.sustainability.baxter.com, details the company's progress toward key priorities and goals.

MAKING A DIFFERENCE IN OUR COMMUNITIES
Baxter's continued growth allows us to deliver sustainable results for our many stakeholders, which include our local and global communities. Baxter is committed to responsible corporate citizenship that creates lasting social, environmental and economic value in support of our mission to save and sustain lives. Volunteerism is a cornerstone of the Baxter culture worldwide, with thousands of employees participating annually. Employees at each Baxter site select activities based on what is most meaningful in their communities. The top focus areas include healthcare,

environmental projects and education, particularly in math and science. Our sustainability priorities include lessening environmental impact across our operations and the life cycle of our products. Baxter is reducing its carbon footprint through a range of initiatives, including the installation of energy cogeneration and trigeneration units in Ireland, Belgium, Spain and Australia; and the installation in Malta of Baxter's largest solar photovoltaic system. Thanks to recent projects like these, 22 percent of Baxter's total energy use from operations now comes from renewable sources. Our priorities also include increasing access to healthcare globally. The Baxter

International Foundation funded grants totaling more than $2.0 million in 2013 to organizations addressing the healthcare needs of underserved populations worldwide. In addition, Baxter products were distributed in more than 55 countries as part of our ongoing product donation program. We work closely with our partners to ensure that our products are positioned for rapid deployment in response to natural disasters. Last year Baxter products were among the first on the scene providing emergency relief in the wake of tornadoes in Oklahoma and Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines. The Foundation also provided cash grants to support long-term rebuilding efforts.

Baxter is proud to be recognized or affiliated with these and other sustainability-related organizations and programs:

Baxter, Advate, Amia, Artis, Clinomel, DoseEdge, Feiba, Floseal, Gambro, Gammagard, Hemopatch, HomeChoice, HyQvia, Kiovig, Olimel, Rixubis, Sharesource, Suprane and Vivia are trademarks of Baxter International Inc., or its subsidiaries. All other products or trademarks appearing herein are the property of their respective owners.

© Baxter International Inc., 2014. All rights reserved. References in this report to Baxter are intended to refer collectively to Baxter International Inc. and its U.S. and international subsidiaries.

