Letter to Shareholders

Dear Shareholders: Innovation is the driving force behind Baxter's success. In this report, you'll read about a number of our key product development initiatives and meet providers and beneficiaries of our technologies. These clinicians and patients reflect both our global scope and the critical nature of our work.
2007 was a successful year for Baxter on multiple fronts -- operationally, financially and strategically. We achieved all of our major financial objectives and are well positioned to deliver continued growth and value to our shareholders in 2008 and beyond. 2007 marked a new phase in our turnaround, one characterized by further geographic expansion and an accelerated level of research and development (R&D) investment, augmented by an increase in the pace of business development activity across all of our businesses. Our strengthening financial position enabled us to increase R&D spending by 24 percent during the year, reaching $760 million, a record level for the company. We gained approval for or launched more than a dozen new products and advanced many of the programs in our product pipeline. A dozen new relationships with key business partners were established or expanded, and our business grew in all regions of the world, increasing access to care and bringing more of our products and therapies to patients that need them. Each of our businesses contributed to Baxter's success in 2007. Underlying these accomplishments is a continued dedication to science and technology, which has been and continues to be a Baxter hallmark. In this report, we focus on some of our most important technology platforms and R&D initiatives, and bring them to life through the words and pictures of the physicians and patients that support and benefit from them.
2007 HIGHLIGHTS

Baxter achieved record sales and earnings in 2007. Worldwide sales increased 9 percent to $11.3 billion. Net income totaled $1.7 billion, or $2.61 per diluted share, an increase of 22 percent and 23 percent, respectively, over the prior year. Other financial highlights are reflected in the graphs at the top of the next page and, of course, in the financial section of this report. Also in 2007:  Sales of ADVATE, our recombinant factor VIII therapy for hemophilia A, surpassed $1.2 billion as we continue to drive conversion to this therapy and introduce it to new markets around the world. We also continue to invest in product development in this franchise to further expand our leadership position by introducing new higher-potency formulations and exploring technologies to increase the half-life of the product, which would mean fewer injections for hemophilia patients.  The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services provided funding to Baxter and our partner, DynPort Vaccine Company, for the continued development of our cell-cultured seasonal and pandemic influenza candidate vaccines. We have initiated Phase III clinical trials for both vaccines, and continue to sign advancepurchase and stockpile agreements with governments around the world for avian flu (H5N1) vaccine in the event of a pandemic.

1

$9.8

$10.4

$11.3
$2.13 $1.52

$2.61
$37.65

$58.05
$46.39 $1.6

$2.2

$2.3

75%

23%

28%

32%

2005 2006 2007

2005 2006 2007

2005 2006 2007

2005 2006 2007

S&P HC

S&P 500

Dow Baxter Jones

Revenues

(dollars in billions)

Earnings Per Share
(diluted)

Stock Price

(at year-end)

Cash Flow from Operations

(dollars in billions)

Three-Year Total Shareholder Return
(including dividends)

 Screening of patients for enrollment was completed in a Phase II clinical trial using our proprietary ISOLEX technology to select CD34+ adult stem cells from patients with chronic myocardial ischemia for re-infusion into their hearts in an attempt to restore blood flow. A similar trial has been initiated investigating the use of this technology to treat critical limb ischemia, a severe form of peripheral artery disease.  We announced the decision to pursue a Phase III study for the use of GAMMAGARD Liquid Immune Globulin Intravenous (IGIV) as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's disease.  Leveraging the capabilities of our Medication Delivery and BioScience businesses, our agreement with Halozyme Therapeutics was expanded to include the development of a subcutaneous route of administration for GAMMAGARD Liquid, which may provide a more patient-friendly alternative to IV infusion for patients with primary immune deficiency. Other applications on the use of HYLENEX for subcutaneous administration of drugs and fluids for people with di cult venous access (DVA) also are being pursued.  We announced plans to develop both an unmodified recombinant factor IX therapy, and a chemically modified, longer-acting version, for people with hemophilia B. The latter involves an expansion of our partnership with Nektar Therapeutics.

 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration cleared our V-Link Luer-activated device with VitalShield protective coating, the first needleless IV connector containing an antimicrobial coating. The protective coating has been shown to kill 99.9 percent of specific common microorganisms known to cause catheter-related bloodstream infections, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, or MRSA.  Our joint venture with Guangzhou Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Co. in China was finalized to introduce our parenteral nutrition products into that market. China is a fast-growing market for a number of our products and therapies.  Baxter signed an agreement with DEKA Research and Development Corporation to develop a home hemodialysis (HHD) platform for our Renal business. As the leading provider of products for peritoneal dialysis (PD), Baxter already is the world leader in home renal therapy. An HHD platform would provide another option for patients seeking home dialysis for end-stage renal disease.  The Renal business also continued to expand the availability of EXTRANEAL, our proprietary, nonglucose-based specialty PD solution, around the world. Approximately 30,000 PD patients worldwide now use EXTRANEAL, which provides increased fluid removal over a long dwell period for some PD patients.

2

2007 marked a new phase in our turnaround, one characterized by further geographic expansion and an accelerated level of R&D investment, augmented by an increase in the pace of business development activity across all of our businesses.

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE

OUR ASPIRATIONS

As I've said before, being a great company goes beyond a company's core business activities and bottom line. It also means being a responsible global citizen. We define sustainability as a long-term, strategic approach to balancing our business priorities with our social, economic and environmental responsibilities. In 2007, our performance on the sustainability front was recognized by a number of sources. Baxter was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the ninth consecutive year, and for the sixth time was named the "Medical Products Industry Leader." We also were named one of the "Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World" by Innovest Strategic Value Advisors for the fourth straight year.
A SENSE OF PURPOSE

At Baxter, we aspire to build a truly great company. That means being recognized and trusted worldwide, a preferred partner in improving the quality of and access to healthcare, an innovator in science and technology, the leader in our markets, a high-quality investment, a rewarding place to work and develop, and a socially responsible member of our communities. While there is still much work to do, we are pleased with our progress, which further motivates us to achieve our aspirations.
COMMITMENT TO SAVING AND SUSTAINING LIVES

I'd like to say a word about our employees. The people who benefit from Baxter's products and therapies really owe a debt of gratitude to our approximately 46,000 employees worldwide who take seriously the critical nature of their work. The men and women of Baxter also show support for their local communities around the world in ways that further exemplify a sense of purpose. In 2007, Baxter employees devoted nearly 200,000 volunteer hours to support programs in their communities that provide needed healthcare services, education for children or in some other way help those less fortunate. While much of this was done within the context of a campaign that had a goal of over 150,000 volunteer hours that we had set as part of our 75th anniversary in 2006, these efforts were not unusual for our employees. They personally make community involvement part of their job descriptions.

In both our business and our communities, at Baxter, we are connected by a commitment to saving and sustaining lives worldwide. With our strong and still improving financial position, our increasing investment in R&D, and our commitment to operational excellence, I am very optimistic about the future of our company. I look forward to sharing with you in future reports the continued advancement of the many programs in our R&D pipeline and other growth opportunities as we seek to expand access to care, improve treatment for patients, and enhance the quality of life for more people around the world.

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive O cer March 1, 2008

3

