A Conversation with Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
When Robert L. Parkinson, Jr., joined Baxter as chairman and chief executive officer in 2004, he defined a series of objectives that laid the groundwork for the company's future success. These included rebuilding Baxter's financial strength, re-establishing credibility with investors, establishing a new leadership team, re-engineering key business processes and, most important, defining a vision for Baxter's future. This vision included a renewed emphasis on innovation to meet healthcare needs worldwide. Over the last five years, Baxter's sales, earnings, cash flow and research investment have reached record levels, creating significant value for shareholders while positioning the company for sustained growth.

How would you assess Baxter's performance in 2009? Last year was another strong year for our company. Despite tough economic times and significant market challenges, we again met all of our major financial objectives and are well-positioned for continued growth in 2010. Particularly gratifying is how our new product pipeline continues to evolve. Research and development (R&D) is our most important strategic priority, and Baxter has never had a stronger pipeline than we have today. We had 14 pipeline projects in Phase III clinical trials at the end of 2009 compared to just two in 2006. Baxter has been able to deliver strong results despite a challenging economic environment. To what do you attribute this? While no company is immune to the effects of the global economic environment, we benefit from our diversified healthcare model, strong market positions and the medically necessary nature of our products. Virtually everything we develop, produce and market can mean the difference between life and death for a patient. Our products treat chronic, life-threatening diseases such as hemophilia, end-stage renal disease and primary immune deficiency, or are used in critical care, intensive care and other acute-care settings. As a result, we have not experienced a meaningful impact on demand for our products. In addition, our geographic presence has enabled us to meet the needs of markets outside the United States, where healthcare spending is growing fastest, particularly in developing and emerging countries. As economies in these markets continue to grow, a high priority is placed on healthcare, particularly on treating life-threatening diseases. Our diversification has two components: a business component and a geographic component. Both contributed to our strong results in 2009. How does the company balance short- and long-term growth in its strategic planning? We do this by being cognizant of both aspects. We're not going to stray from good execution today in our haste to invest for tomorrow, nor will we sacrifice investing in our future just to realize shortterm gains. There's no magic formula for how to balance those two dimensions. It's about delivering value to your shareholders today, which can involve things like share repurchases, increasing dividends, growing earnings and supporting a strong stock price, while making prudent investments that ensure sustained growth in the future.

2

message to shareholders

Baxter continues to invest in R&D at record levels. What are the most significant aspects of Baxter's R&D activity? There are a number of projects that represent tremendous opportunities for Baxter, some of which are featured in this report. At year-end, we had approximately 30 projects in our pipeline that have peak-year sales potential of more than a quarter of a billion dollars a year. In total, as I mentioned earlier, this represents the strongest pipeline in the history of our company. We also continue to improve the productivity of new product development so we are able to optimize our R&D investment. There seemed to be more balanced growth among Baxter's businesses in the fourth quarter of 2009. Is this a trend you see continuing? Yes. In the last few years, strong growth in BioScience has enabled us to make the necessary investments in Medication Delivery and Renal that will allow those businesses to grow faster in the years ahead. We're already starting to see this happen. Medication Delivery just had its strongest year in the five years I've been here, and there are encouraging signs that growth in the Renal business is also accelerating. What effect will U.S. healthcare reform have on the company? There are two fundamental aspirations to healthcare reform. One is to expand access to healthcare for people who currently lack insurance, and the other is to control healthcare costs. Expanding access to care is positive for our business because it will increase demand for our products. As for cost control, our product development efforts aim not only to improve healthcare quality, but to do so in a way that is also more cost effective. All that said, with the specifics of reform still being debated, it is difficult to predict at this time the exact impact it may have on Baxter. With healthcare demand growing fastest in developing and emerging markets outside the United States, is Baxter equipped to meet these needs and take advantage of the growth opportunities they present? To the degree demand continues to grow for our products, we'll invest accordingly to meet that demand as long as we can do so profitably. Nearly 60 percent of our sales already come from outside the United States. We do business in more than 100 countries and have local manufacturing in more than two dozen. Given the medically necessary nature of our products, there is great demand for our products in developing markets, where many people with chronic, life-threatening conditions are currently under-treated. The challenge, of course, is how to finance

access given the demand. That's the conundrum that all countries of the world are facing. We're prepared to use our global presence to help meet the need for life-saving and life-sustaining therapies anywhere in the world to the best of our ability. What are the most significant competitive threats to Baxter on the horizon? Conceptually, any technological advancement by a competitor that translates into loss of revenue for one of our products constitutes a competitive threat. Our goal, of course, is to be the company that advances the technology in all of the therapeutic areas in which we currently hold leadership. I think a bigger threat to our business is government regulation that inhibits our ability to innovate, or controls prices in a way that limits our ability to invest. Those aren't competitive threats as much as environmental threats that could affect not just us but the entire industry. Overall, however, I think innovation that makes a meaningful difference in patients' lives will continue to be rewarded. What do you find most promising about Baxter's future, both short and long term? In the short term, it's our ability to continue the success we've enjoyed over the last five years by displaying the same financial discipline and continuous improvement we've seen during this period. Long term, I'm looking forward to two things. One is seeing the market launches of the various products in our R&D pipeline that can advance patient care. The other is identifying ways to accelerate the growth of the company through business development and acquisitions. What kind of acquisitions and business development activities might we expect to see going forward? While I expect that we'll be more active in this area, this doesn't mean we'll be less disciplined. We're going to continue to be very focused and objective in assessing potential acquisitions and partnerships. We will not do deals for the sake of doing deals. Our primary focus will remain on business development activities that complement or extend businesses we're in today. Why is sustainability important to Baxter? It's important for many reasons. Sustained financial strength allows us to create jobs, invest in innovation, and bring to market new and improved products that save and sustain lives while rewarding shareholders. Of course, it's also important to do this in a way that is complementary with the needs of society, from increasing access to healthcare to making the planet more environmentally friendly.

3

Revenues

(dollars in billions) $9.8 $10.4

$11.3

$12.3 $12.6

How is sustainability embedded in Baxter's culture? It starts with our mission, vision and values, and our aspiration to build a truly great company. It also is aligned with our commitment to innovation and bringing to the marketplace products that save and sustain lives. More formally, our creation in 2006 of an executive-level Sustainability Steering Committee to guide our global sustainability efforts further institutionalized sustainability at Baxter and elevated accountability for sustainability across the company and to the highest levels of management. The development of nine sustainability priorities in 2007 was the next step in this process. These priorities define what we consider to be the most important sustainability areas in the company and help us channel our resources where we can maximize our impact. Since then, we've added specific long-term goals for each priority to further clarify our expected progress. What are some key areas of focus in Baxter's sustainability efforts? Sustainability at Baxter is a fundamental part of what we do and what we stand for as a company. We're committed to protecting the environment, operating in a sound and ethical manner, providing a safe and healthy workplace for employees, using our financial resources wisely, and supporting the communities in which we operate, locally and globally. An additional area of focus is expanding access to healthcare. As a healthcare company, we clearly have a role to play in helping bring muchneeded healthcare to more patients across the world, both through our business and our community efforts. Much of our community involvement focuses on programs that increase access to healthcare for the poor and underserved. We also do our part in times of crisis, such as in January 2010, when Baxter, The Baxter International Foundation and Baxter employees provided products, funding and other support to victims of the earthquake in Haiti. Are there other areas of focus unique to Baxter?

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

Earnings Per Share
(diluted) $3.16 $2.61 $2.13 $1.52

$3.59

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

Cash Flow From Operations

$2.9
$2.2 $1.6 $2.3 $2.5

(dollars in billions)

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

R&D Investment

(dollars in millions) $760 $533 $614

$868

$917

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009

Five-Year Total Shareholder Return

84%

(including dividends)

(5%) (9%) Dow Jones S&P 500

5% Baxter S&P HC

In my view, a healthy and educated public make up the underpinnings of a sustainable society. As a result, supporting education, particularly in math and science, is another of our sustainability priorities. In 2009, Baxter was named "Outstanding Partner" by the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) in recognition of our Science@Work program. Through Science@Work, more than 24,000 CPS students received education in biotechnology and other life sciences in 2009. These efforts, combined with our

4

message to shareholders

other sustainability activities, have earned Baxter much recognition in recent years. In 2009, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the 11th consecutive year and the Medical Products Industry Leader for the eighth time. We also were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine, the eighth time Baxter has been included on this list, and one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. In early 2010, Innovest Strategic Value Advisors named Baxter one of the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World for the sixth straight year. Baxter is one of only two healthcare companies globally, and the only U.S. healthcare company, to have been recognized in the Global 100 each year since the list was first published in 2005. How do you see healthcare changing over the next five years? What do you see as the biggest impacts? I think the notion of comparative effectiveness ­ the relative value of different products and therapies, and how that gets assessed ­ will have an increasingly greater impact on healthcare in the years ahead. Best-practice standards and evidence-based medicine will play a key role in therapy choice, particularly as patients take more ownership of their healthcare. I think that's the biggest change we're going to see in the next five to 10 years. I also think the setting where care is provided will continue to move from the acute-care environment to lower-cost venues, including the home. Many Baxter products are already used in the home, and this should increase in the years ahead. Finally, I think we're going to see non-physician healthcare providers playing a greater role in providing care to patients, with information technology enabling doctors to continue directing the care. Finally, when you say you aspire to make Baxter a "great company," what do you mean? It's about continuing to evolve in a way that positions Baxter as an absolute top-tier company. First and foremost, it requires sustained financial strength. In our industry, it also requires that you be an innovator, devoted to continuous improvement, and committed to quality and excellence in everything you do. Other elements of being a great company touch on some of the aspects of sustainability I just mentioned. Being a great company means being a great place to work and develop one's career, creating a work environment where all of our employees derive fulfillment and a sense of purpose from what they do. It means being a good corporate citizen and engaged in the community, both locally

and globally. It means being committed to the environment, to increased access to healthcare, and to a diverse and inclusive culture that embraces differences and respects the contributions of all. This is our aspiration, a guiding light that drives everything we do. Based on the talent, devotion and commitment of the nearly 50,000 men and women of Baxter worldwide, it's an aspiration I believe we will attain.

Dear Shareholders
In the following pages, you will hear patients, customers and thought leaders from around the world talking about some of the challenges they face in areas of healthcare in which Baxter participates, and how Baxter is helping to address a number of these challenges. This includes updates on some of our most important research and development initiatives. We continue to accelerate our investment in R&D to bring new and improved products to market that save and sustain lives. We also continue to expand geographically to meet the ever-increasing need for our therapies in developing and emerging markets. As I've said on numerous occasions, we at Baxter are privileged to work in an industry where what we do benefits so many people in such a profound way. I hope you find this year's annual report to be informative and useful to you as a Baxter shareholder. Perhaps you will gain new insight into the role we play in advancing patient care around the world, and the role we will continue to play as the products in our R&D pipeline are brought to market. We've made great progress on a number of fronts over the last five years. I remain confident that we will continue to grow and create additional shareholder value in the years ahead.

Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2010

5

