     2005 Annual Report • Notice of Annual Meeting • Proxy Statement
                                                                            To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Through the exemplary efforts of our more than 33,000 associates, our name becomes more familiar each week. As recognition of our name increases, this magnifies the significance of what our name represents. Bed Bath & Beyond, with its Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops and Harmon stores, must stand for selection, quality, value and service. As importantly, our name must also stand for integrity and respect for our customers, associates and the communities we serve. We know that everything we do, every interaction we have, reflects on our name. Simply put, everything counts.
That is why many of you have noticed, and even encouraged, our efforts over the last several years to decrease the cost of this annual publication. It is a small thing, but it reflects our commitment to be efficient and effective in everything we do. This desire for efficiency naturally extends to the areas of our energy usage and the consumption of natural resources. The broader concerns over energy costs, our nation’s dependence on foreign oil, the rate of consumption and environmental impacts of fossil fuels, deforestation, and global warming, must be our concerns
as well. Our response to these broad concerns is local, from changing the temperature in our stores to managing centrally their energy efficiency, to using new, “cooler” materials for our roofs and more efficient lights to illuminate our store signs. All these provide us many opportunities on a community level to conserve. Being concerned about conservation is, often times, more expensive in the short term, but it would be far too expensive for our future and for the future of our children, in the long term, to ignore.
In the case of the booklet you are holding, this year we have opted to use recycled paper, which costs more than the paper we have used previously. However, we have been able to keep the cost per book at the same level as last year by going to a less expensive, coverless format. Also, as we have for the last several years, we have combined our Annual Report, Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement into this single booklet. Our goal again is to present you our annual information in as straightforward and cost efficient a manner as possible.
Continued on page 1

T o O u r F e l l o w S h a r e h o l d e r s : Continued from front cover
On the following pages, we discuss some of the highlights from our recently completed fiscal 2005. We also will provide you with the information you need in connection with our upcoming Annual Meeting.
Fiscal 2005 was our 35th year of operations, and our 14th as a public company. As set forth below, the results of fiscal 2005 were our best ever. Here are some of the highlights:
• Net earnings for the year ended February 25, 2006 were $1.92 per share ($572.8 million), exceeding fiscal 2004 per share net earnings of $1.65 ($505.0 million) by approximately 16.4%.
• Net sales for fiscal 2005 were $5.810 billion, an increase of approximately 12.9% from the prior year’s sales of $5.148 billion.
• Comparable store sales for fiscal 2005 increased by approximately 4.6%, on top of an increase of approximately 4.5% in fiscal 2004.
• During fiscal 2005, we opened 83 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores. We also opened three Christmas Tree Shops and four Harmon stores. We ended the year with 742 Bed Bath & Beyond stores, 29 Christmas Tree Shops and 38 Harmon stores.
• We returned $600 million in value to our shareholders through the share repurchase program completed during our fiscal fourth quarter.
• At the close of fiscal 2005, cash and investments totaled approximately $1 billion, even after deducting cash used in our expansion program, ongoing infrastructure enhancements and the $600 million dollar share repurchase program we completed during the fiscal year.
This is the point in prior years where we have credited our successes to our associates and the culture they have helped
us to create and maintain. It remains as true this year as it ever has: our people demonstrate daily their exceptional dedication and talents, and our culture permits and encourages them to flourish. Consistent with that culture, though, our focus is
not on the past. Our customer has already moved on to tomorrow. So we are already looking forward as well, and while
the chart to the left might look impressive, what it says to us quite clearly is this Company can do more, and it can do better. That’s how we see it.
As we take this moment to prepare our annual letter, we again realize how fortunate we are to be teamed with such wonderful people. We would like to thank each of our Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops and Harmon associates
for their outstanding efforts over the course of the prior year. In addition, we again thank each of our customers and business partners for their roles in our continued growth and success. Just because we do not get a chance to say it often publicly
does not make it any less true. We are grateful, and we are looking forward to another great year.
May 24, 2006
WARREN EISENBERG
Co-Chairman
LEONARD FEINSTEIN
Co-Chairman
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2005 1
STEVEN H. TEMARES
Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
