     2007 Annual Report • Notice of Annual Meeting • Proxy Statement
                                                                             To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Since our Company was founded in 1971, long before we became a public company in 1992, we have been, and we believe it essential that we are, our own worst critics. We know everything we do today can be done better – and needs to be in order for us to continue to succeed. This truth lies at the heart of the culture we strive for in our Company, which is based on a constant desire for improvement, and on the spirit of entrepreneurship and empowerment which we have mentioned frequently through the years. This culture has been a central theme in our annual letters to you, and its place in our message to you is no different today. If anything, the role of this culture in the continued success of our Company is more important today than ever.
Continued on page 1

To Our Fellow Shareholders: Continuedfromfrontcover
It is true that the current economic environment poses a number of challenges, and we are not immune. The economic slowdown has had, and will continue to have, an effect on the general business climate and on our business. We have seen our results affected most notably in those areas of the Country reported as being more significantly affected by recent housing and mortgage issues, such as Arizona, California, Florida and Nevada.
However, we believe in times of economic challenge there are three types of companies: those who will not survive, those who will tread water and will be left in a weakened state when things turn around, and those who will use their strengths to improve their position in their market. We are counting on being among those who emerge stronger than ever. We believe, through the efforts of our approximately 39,000 associates, we are well positioned to use this time of economic challenge to our Company’s long term benefit.
Our culture of never being satisfied is now one of our Company’s greatest strengths in these difficult times. In addition, our financial strength helps us to enhance our competitive position despite the challenges. While others fail, or are content to hang on, our “never satisfied” culture and our financial wherewithal permit us to continue to test new merchandise initiatives throughout our stores, and in doing so, strive to increase their productivity. Our bridal and gift registry business, as well as our online sales activities, afford us an important opportunity to attract new shoppers to the Bed Bath & Beyond experience. We are able to renovate or remodel a significant number of existing stores each year. We also opened and commenced operations of a new state-of-the-art Christmas Tree Shops distribution center as well as a new e-service fulfillment center this last year, designed to accommodate the growth in the operations of these areas of our business. We opened our first international store in Canada, have signed or are in final documentation for approximately a dozen additional sites, and are actively negotiating another dozen or so as we look to expand aggressively in Canada. We recently entered into a joint venture in Mexico, which currently operates two stores in the Mexico City market and is well-positioned for future growth. We are adding associates in key areas throughout our organization and are implementing new systems to support the continued growth of our business. All this permits us to achieve our growth objectives, while at the same time we continue to exercise prudence in our expense management activities without sacrificing the customer experience.
The fruits of these ongoing efforts are reflected in our accomplishments over the past year, some of which we just mentioned. In terms of expansion, during fiscal 2007 we added 66 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores, bringing to 881 the number
of stores operating at fiscal year-end, located in 49 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, and including our first inter- national store in Canada. Also, at fiscal year-end we operated 41 Christmas Tree Shops stores, 9 buybuy BABY stores and 40 stores under the names Harmon and Harmon Face Values. With respect to our financial performance, here are some highlights from fiscal 2007, our 37th year of operations, and our 16th as a public company:
• Net earnings for the fiscal year (fifty-two weeks) ended March 1, 2008 were $2.10 per diluted share ($562.8 million), compared to fiscal 2006 (fifty-three weeks) net earnings of $2.09 per diluted share ($594.2 million), which included a non-recurring charge of approximately $.07 per diluted share.
• Net sales for fiscal 2007 (fifty-two weeks) were approximately $7.049 billion, an increase of approximately 6.5% from the prior year’s sales (fifty-three weeks) of $6.617 billion.
• Comparable store sales for fiscal 2007 increased by approximately 1.0%, on top of an increase of approximately 4.9% in fiscal 2006. All comparable store sales percentages are calculated based on an equivalent number of weeks for each annual period.
• We returned approximately $734 million in value to our shareholders during the fiscal year through our share repurchase program. This included the completion of the $1 billion share repurchase program authorized in 2006. As of March 1, 2008, the balance remaining of the share repurchase program authorized in September 2007 was approximately $967 million.
While times are challenging, we remain focused on our Company’s long-term goals and fully expect to benefit, over time, from the opportunities afforded by the current macro-economic environment. We believe that periods such as this are what separate companies, and we look forward to taking advantage of this opportunity to strengthen our infrastructure, gain market share and distance ourselves from our competitors.
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2007 1

Continued from page 1
 To be able to do so much in difficult times, and to maintain focus on our customer while doing it, is a credit to our Company and the 39,000 associates who breathe life into Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops, Harmon/Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY every day. Through their efforts, we believe we will look back at 2008 as a time in which our Company relied on its strengths to improve its relative position in the marketplace. Among those strengths are also the relationships the Company enjoys with its many vendors and business partners, and we continue to be grateful for their contributions to our ongoing growth and success.
Thank you for your continued support of our Company, and we look forward to reporting to you in a year’s time regarding the continued strengthening of our Company in the long-term interests of our shareholders through attention to the everyday interests of our customers.
WARREN EISENBERG
Co-Chairman and Director
LEONARD FEINSTEIN
Co-Chairman and Director
STEVEN H. TEMARES
Chief Executive Officer and Director
June 4, 2008
CORPORATE PROFILE
Founded in 1971, Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. is a chain of retail stores that sell a wide assortment of merchandise principally including domestics merchandise and home furnishings as well as food, giftware, health and beauty care items and infant and toddler merchandise. The Company’s stores combine superior service and a broad selection of items at everyday low prices. Shares of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ National Market under the symbol BBBY and are included in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the NASDAQ-100 Index. The Company is counted among the Fortune 500 and the Forbes 2000.
PLEASE VOTE YOUR PROXY!
ELECTRONIC VOTING SAVES YOUR COMPANY MONEY
For the last few years, many of our shareholders have saved the Company money by voting their proxies via internet or tele- phone, rather than by return mail. This year, we again encourage all of our shareholders to take advantage of electronic voting.
Most Bed Bath & Beyond shareholders hold their shares through a stockbroker, bank or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. If you hold your shares in one of these ways, you are considered a beneficial owner. Your broker or nominee has enclosed a voting instruction form for you to use in directing them in how to vote your shares. Most institutions make internet or telephone voting options available to their beneficial owners, so please see the voting instruction form for specific information.
If your shares are registered directly in your name with Bed Bath & Beyond’s transfer agent, you are considered the shareholder of record with respect to those shares, and these proxy materials are being sent directly to you. If you hold restricted stock under the Company’s 2004 Incentive Compensation Plan, you are also considered the shareholder of record with respect to those shares. As the shareholder of record, you have the right to vote by proxy. We encourage our registered shareholders to vote:
By internet - www.proxyvote.com or By touch-tone phone - 1-800-690-6903
Have your proxy card in hand when you access the website or call the toll-free number. Then you can follow the directions provided.
BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2007 2
