BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

1

To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal 2000 was a great year for us. Bed Bath & Beyond produced outstanding results during the year despite a challenging retailing environment. The dedication, determination and skills of our associates in our stores, customer service call center, fulfillment center and our corporate and buying offices provided our valued customers with the finest possible shopping experience and enabled our Company to produce record results in what was, for many in our industry, a difficult year. We continued to take advantage of the public's enthusiasm for our Company's innovative and lively merchandising style by opening our greatest ever number of new superstores in fiscal 2000, each offering a vast selection of better quality domestics merchandise and home furnishings,
Warren Eisenberg Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer

in attractive settings and at everyday low prices. While we are pleased that our efforts continue to be well-received in all the markets we serve, we continue to challenge ourselves in order to produce the much larger, more successful Company which we envision and which we are, in fact, rapidly becoming.

Fiscal 2000 Highlights:
Net earnings for the fiscal year (fifty-three weeks) ended March 3, 2001 totaled $171.9
Leonard Feinstein Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Steven H. Temares President & Chief Operating Officer and Member of the Board of Directors

million ($.59 per share), exceeding

fiscal 1999 (fifty-two weeks) net earnings of $131.2 million ($.46 per share) by approximately 31.0%. This was the 9th consecutive year of record earnings since our Company's 1992 initial public offering. Net sales for fiscal 2000 (fifty-three weeks) were $2.397 billion, an increase of approximately 29.0% from the prior

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

2

fiscal year (fifty-two weeks). Comparable store sales for fiscal 2000 increased by approximately 5.0%. We are pleased that in each of the 35 fiscal quarters since becoming a publicly-held Company, net earnings have met, or exceeded, the operating plan, and that the Company distributed its fourth twofor-one stock split since "going public" in 1992. The balance sheet as of March 3, 2001 was strong, flexible and, for over five years now, debt-free. Cash and cash equivalents were $239 million compared to $144 million a year earlier; shareholders' equity at year-end was $817 million, up from $559 million. We opened 70 superstores, more than in any previous year, which resulted in our ending the year with 311 stores in 43 states. In addition, two existing stores were expanded. Importantly, we continued the heavy investment in our infrastructure. This will position us to continue to achieve the

objectives that are most important to our shareholders.

Our Growth Continues:
As noted above, during fiscal 2000 we added 70 new stores and expanded 2 others, ending the year with 311 stores in 43 states. Included in the openings were our first stores in Idaho, Maine, Mississippi, North Dakota and Rhode Island, as well as a 90,000 square foot, three-level megastore on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York, which we opened at the end of October. All told, we added about 2.4 million square feet during the year, bringing total store space at fiscal year-end to over 12.2 million square feet. In fiscal 2001, we expect to add approximately 80 new stores, leases for most of which have already been signed. Despite our rapid growth, our share of the approximately $75 billion market for

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

3

home goods remains under 4%, which continues to afford us substantial expansion opportunities. Industry growth demographics remain quite strong, and we now believe that we can operate more than 850 stores in the United States. We also continue to explore other profitable growth opportunities, including international expansion, and are pleased to note that a superstore in Bayamon, Puerto Rico is included in our 2001 opening plan.

culture is based upon a common sense approach to giving our customers the best possible shopping experience, bar none. We know we must strive to exceed our customers' expectations. From inception, we've believed strongly in a decentralized organization. Our field personnel, regardless of any prior experience in retailing, begin their Bed Bath & Beyond careers on the sales floor, and are trained to be entrepreneurs and merchants. They are encouraged and expected to find ways to improve their stores' business. Before becoming store

Once Again, It's Our Corporate Culture:
We are frequently asked the question: "Why does Bed Bath & Beyond do so well in a business where so many others have experienced problems?" As discussed in previous shareholder communications, the answer lies in a successful business model which incorporates a unique corporate culture developed and evolved since our Company's founding in 1971. Our

managers, they have developed the initiative and the ability to

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

4

make merchandising and operating decisions not customary even for store managers in a centralized operation. Although this is a difficult and expensive way to operate, this operating culture not only distinguishes us from our direct competitors, but is largely responsible for the consistently superior, long-term results we've been able to achieve. At Bed Bath & Beyond we recognize that in order to maintain our leadership position, we must constantly change and innovate. Whether it be new merchandise items, new departments, system and process enhancements, new customer service initiatives, or a new look in store fixturing or design, we continue to examine closely everything we do with a view towards doing it better, striving to improve constantly. Many of our most creative new ideas over the years have come from our store associates through their daily contact with our customers, who, put simply, are the only reason we exist. We are quite proud that, over the years, we've been able to offer our customers the most extensive line of value-priced, nationally branded merchandise available

anywhere in our industry. Our stores also feature hundreds of items, sourced from all over the world, which are found exclusively at Bed Bath & Beyond. Through our everyday low pricing policy, we assure our customers of our best price every day, without resorting to promotional gimmicks or unsupportable claims. In fact, we've been able to maintain an extremely efficient, low cost advertising policy, and we continue to benefit from substantial "word-of-mouth" advertising. Over the years we've spoken often about "merchandising the mix," which refers to our ability to identify or create good markup items, and to generate exceptional volume on these items. Our organization understands that skilled buying and pricing of the merchandise, combined with selling a better mix with increased unit volume, produces superior gross profit results. Here again, decentralization, which takes advantage of the merchandising talents in our stores, has enabled us to outperform the competition by a widening degree over the past three decades.

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

5

Management Resources:
Consistent with our culture, storeline positions are essentially filled through internal promotions. In addition, our dynamic, substantial growth has created opportunities for many experienced individuals from outside the Company, particularly for specialized areas of our business. Our talented, committed and diverse workforce, which is our greatest strength as

promotions of: Jim Brendle, Vice President-Construction and Store Development; Michael J. Callahan, Vice PresidentCorporate Counsel; Eugene A. Castagna, Vice PresidentFinance; Alan Jacobson-Vice President of Stores-Western Region; Rita Little, Vice President-Marketing; and Concetta Van Dyke, Vice PresidentHuman Resources.

We are a Company, again demonstrated this past year that we can achieve our corporate objectives through their collective talents. Since our last report to you a year ago, several key managers have been recognized for their continuing contribution to our success. Most significant were the confident that the over 15,000 associates who comprise the Bed Bath & Beyond family will significantly add to their accomplishments in fiscal 2001.

Looking Ahead:
At Bed Bath & Beyond, we have always focused on the bottom line and improving upon our already solid financial condition.

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

6

We are pleased that our sales and earnings growth have been consistent, our cash flow positive, and our balance sheet strong and flexible. The organization we've built continues to establish and achieve impressive goals. Important opportunities are being created for the top-tier operators in our industry. We're pleased to note that the performance gap between many of our direct competitors and ourselves has been widening, a trend which we will strive to accelerate. We continue to be excited about new initiatives, addressing specific aspects of our business, which are now underway. We are confident that through this focus on positive change we will continue to improve

our operations. One of these initiatives, e-service, which was launched a little over a year ago, continues to develop as still another important feature in our overall customer service. Over the past year we have publicized e-service to a growing audience, and we believe that customers who have visited us online have been extremely pleased. Our decentralized culture, which places much of the decision-making closest to our customers, has been responsible for much of the success we have achieved since we began operations in 1971. We believe this operating philosophy and the entrepreneurial and dedicated associates it produces will continue to provide us with a unique

BED BATH & BEYOND ANNUAL REPORT 2000

7

competitive advantage in the marketplace. We acknowledge the ongoing support of all those who provide us with merchandise and services. We are grateful for the relationships we enjoy and look forward to building on these partnerships over

the ensuing years. As we enter our 30th anniversary year, with its opportunities and challenges, we remain steadfast in our dedication to serving our customers. By doing so, we expect to achieve all of our performance objectives in fiscal 2001, making it our best year ever.

WARREN EISENBERG

LEONARD FEINSTEIN

STEVEN H. TEMARES

Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer

President & Chief Operating Officer and Member of the Board of Directors

May 1, 2001

