Kelly S. King
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

"We believe BB&T and other strong banks are positioned to help lead our nation's recovery by doing what we have always done ­ provide the capital and counsel that foster business investment and economic growth, which in turn creates jobs."

2011 Annual Report Sharing Knowledge for a Brighter Direction

3

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Anchored by 140 years of strength and stability, BB&T has emerged stronger than ever from an unprecedented period of turbulence and change in our industry, ready to help our shareholders, clients, communities and associates achieve economic success and financial security. Despite continuing uncertainty and risk in banking and the global economy, our company has demonstrated industry-leading growth and profitability by remaining faithful to our long-held values and delivering the best value proposition ­ the best service quality ­ in the marketplace. More broadly, at a time when our country desperately needs leadership and a more positive outlook, we believe BB&T and other strong banks are positioned to help lead our nation's recovery by doing what we have always done ­ provide the capital and counsel that foster business investment and economic growth, which in turn creates jobs. We have shown strength across a broad spectrum. Our revenue has grown throughout the difficult credit cycle over the last four years, substantially outperforming the median growth rate of our peers. We are one of only three large regional banks to remain profitable throughout the cycle. We are successfully executing a five-year strategy to diversify our balance sheet, decreasing our exposure to higher risk real estate loans and more expensive certificates of deposit, and increasing our focus on less volatile commercial lending and lower-cost deposits. Our emphasis on other incomeproducing businesses, including capital markets, insurance, specialized lending and wealth management, is adding to our diverse revenue mix. We achieved broad-based improvement in all creditquality indicators during 2011 and rank among the industry leaders in meeting existing and future capital standards. And, consistent with our ultimate goal of maximizing shareholder returns, we ranked second in our peer group in total return to shareholders. At a time of financial challenges when our clients need our support, our service quality has reached historical highs, continuing to lead all of our in-market peers as measured by independent surveys in key lines of business, including consumer, commercial and mortgage servicing. The BB&T team helped more than 10,000 clients realize their dream of homeownership and made more than 94,000 new and renewed loans to small business, commercial and retail clients. Our associates volunteered in more than 1,100 annual Lighthouse projects to help people in our communities cope with tough times. And I am pleased to announce that BB&T is bringing hundreds of previously outsourced jobs back to the U.S. because of volatile offshore conditions ­ a move we believe will benefit our economy. Our community bank structure is at the heart of BB&T's success, allowing hometown bankers in our 36 regions to make virtually all decisions locally while taking advantage of the efficiency and depth of our centralized support system. The financial crisis of the last four years taught us that diversification matters, reaffirming the value of our robust Southeast and Mid-Atlantic banking markets. Our national-scale, nontraditional businesses provide valuable product diversification ­ including AFCO / CAFO insurance premium finance, ranked No. 1 in the United States and Canada, Sheffield Financial Inc., which serves more than 30,000 outdoor power sports and other dealers nationwide, and Grandbridge Real Estate Capital LLC, one of the nation's largest full-service commercial real estate finance firms. Our banking markets, among the nation's fastest growing in population and household income, stretch from our heritage markets in the Carolinas and Virginia, with diverse industries ranging from agriculture to technology, to our newer foothold market in energy-rich Texas. BB&T is well positioned to continue to build market share in our banking markets by making strategic acquisitions that make sense for our shareholders. At the same time, we recognize that BB&T needs to constantly evolve to keep its edge in a rapidly changing world. In 2011 and continuing in 2012, we are challenging everyone at BB&T to rethink their businesses and devise new and better ways to optimize revenue and expenses. Unlike some competitors that are simply slashing costs, we are re-conceptualizing all parts of BB&T in ways that will benefit our clients, our communities and our shareholders. Of course, challenges remain. Even if Europe avoids a collapse of the euro amid its debt crisis and the U.S. avoids a doubledip recession, economic growth is likely to remain relatively slow in 2012, continuing to inhibit loan growth. Government overreaction has imposed unneeded and burdensome regulation, including very high capital and liquidity standards that limit the availability of credit that would drive faster economic growth. Most troubling is that the entire banking industry is suffering from a poor public image because bankers have been blamed for causing the entire financial meltdown. That's simply not true. While excesses by some Wall Street banks and mortgage lenders (many of them now defunct) contributed to the over-leveraging of our economy, all of us ­ governments, companies, consumers ­ have been living beyond our means for more than two decades, borrowing and spending too much and saving and producing too little. The truth is that banks are leaders in creating jobs, growing the economy and supporting their communities. We're providing the capital that allows businesses to expand and hire. Lending by U.S. commercial banks has returned to pre-crisis levels of nearly $7 trillion. Loans to small businesses hit a four-year high in November 2011. At BB&T, we continued to support our clients with capital throughout the crisis. We've been creating jobs and committing resources to help our legacy hometowns like Wilson, North Carolina, since 1872, and now are

4

2011 RESULTS
helping the economy and communities recover in markets ranging from Miami, Florida, to Midland, Texas. I also am troubled by all of the naysayers about America and our economy. We have an abundance of geographic assets, natural resources and entrepreneurial spirit, and our per capita Gross Domestic Product is still the envy of the world. What we suffer is an overall lack of leadership in Washington, where dysfunctional partisanship and "the blame game" have focused us on what's wrong (often with regulatory overreaction) rather than what's right and possible. At BB&T, we believe it is vital to restore the public's trust in banking and in the American economy. We have been a values-driven organization for 140 years, and know the way we conduct our business and live our lives is by far the most important measure of our worth. We are committed to demonstrating once again why banks are important ­ and how much value they bring to consumers and businesses ­ as we help our economy regain its footing and achieve our vision of creating the best financial institution possible. We firmly believe our best days are ahead. We are pleased to report our strongest earnings in more than three years, with accelerating loan growth, much improved credit quality and diversification and continued progress in growing deposits and improving our deposit mix. Given our strong momentum in growing revenues, loans and deposits, combined with our outlook for significantly lower credit costs and a relentless focus on efficiency, we are very optimistic about 2012. Net income available to common shareholders for 2011 totaled $1.3 billion, or $1.83 per diluted share, an increase of 58% over 2010. Net operating revenues accelerated during the year, totaling $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 11.8% on an annualized basis. Looking at revenue growth over the course of the financial crisis, BB&T revenues grew 12% from year-end 2007 to year-end 2011, compared to a 1.3% median growth rate for our peers. Our credit quality metrics showed substantial improvement across the board and remained superior to our peers. BB&T's nonperforming assets declined approximately $1.5 billion, or 38%, in 2011 to the lowest level in three years. The improvement was driven in part by our aggressive strategy of reducing foreclosed property balances ­ concentrated in the most difficult land-related assets ­ starting in the second half of the year. Foreclosed property inflows dropped by 57.3% in the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. We expect continued aggressive disposition of these problem assets in 2012. The reduction of these problem assets is very important and will drive a faster return to more normalized earnings. We expect to save about $700 million in annualized credit costs by reducing these nonperforming assets to more normal levels, and we expect to see the majority of these savings in 2012. Moreover, we were able to reduce nonperforming assets without negatively impacting net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans, which improved by a full percentage point to 1.59%, excluding covered loans ­ the lowest level in three years. Looking forward, we expect total charge-offs of approximately 1.3% in the first quarter of 2012, excluding covered loans, and expect losses to trend lower throughout the year. Due to our improved credit performance and quality of our recent loan originations, our provision for credit losses, excluding covered loans, declined $320 million, or 58.9%, for the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Continued improvement in credit trends should allow for lower provisions and significantly reduced credit costs in future quarters, but BB&T will remain conservative in our allowance for loan and lease losses because of uncertainty about the overall economy.

Diverse Mix Drives Revenue Growth
Revenue Contribution by Segment

NPAs Decrease $1.5 billion in 2011
Total Nonperforming Assets

12% 12% 8% 7% 7% 54%
Community Banking Financial Services Insurance Services Specialized Lending Dealer Financial Services Residential Mortgage Banking
Based on segment revenues, excluding other, treasury and corporate for year ending 2011. Excludes covered assets.

2011 Annual Report Sharing Knowledge for a Brighter Direction

5

Average loans and leases held for investment increased by 1.3% compared to 2010, accelerating to an annualized growth rate of 7.3% in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, or 10.1%, excluding real estate development loans and covered and other acquired portfolios, which are declining by design. The growth was broad-based and reflects our strategy of increasing commercial and industrial and consumer loans at a faster pace while reducing our exposure to higher risk real estate loans. We experienced strong growth in commercial and industrial loans, direct retail, revolving credit, residential mortgages and consumer finance. Meanwhile, commercial real estate loans decreased by 15%, consistent with our strategy. The loan pipeline remains strong, and we have a more optimistic outlook for 2012. Strong deposit growth showed our progress in diversifying our deposit mix while lowering our costs. Average noninterest-bearing deposits increased by 31.3% in the fourth quarter of 2011 on an annualized basis compared to the third quarter. Average interest-bearing deposit costs decreased to 0.56% in the fourth quarter, compared to 0.65% in the prior quarter. In an uncertain investment climate where consumers increasingly have been turning to banks for the FDIC insurance coverage, we expect continued deposit

growth in the first quarter of 2012, albeit at a more moderate pace. BB&T's fully taxable equivalent net interest income totaled $5.7 billion in 2011, a 3.6% increase from 2010. Our net interest margin is very strong at 4.06% for 2011, versus 4.03% in 2010, and superior to the average of 3.51% for our peers. The net interest margin, key to a bank's profitability, is the difference between the interest received on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and other funding, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. Our margin continues to benefit from the performance of the assets acquired in the Colonial transaction, lower funding costs and reduced nonperforming assets. Our noninterest income totaled $3.1 billion in 2011, a 21.3% decline from 2010. The decrease in part reflects the impact of new government restrictions on our ability to collect debit card income and overdraft fees, but primarily reflects lower mortgage banking income and substantially fewer gains on sales of securities in 2011. BB&T's diversified fee income-producing businesses, which represented 39.7% of 2011 total revenues, have partly offset that negative impact. For example, our growing wealth management and trust and investment advisory services businesses increased substantially and remain a great opportunity for us going forward.

Our noninterest expense totaled $5.8 billion, a 2.3% increase from 2010, partly reflecting higher foreclosed property expenses due to valuation adjustments in connection with BB&T's more aggressive disposition of these problem assets. But looking ahead to 2012, we expect noninterest expense to decline because of lower credit-related costs and anticipated savings from our expense optimization strategy. BB&T's return on average assets increased to .82% in 2011 from .54% in 2010, while return on average common shareholders' equity improved to 7.49% from 4.85%. Throughout this difficult credit cycle and over the long term, BB&T continues to outperform our peers. For pre-tax, pre-credit cost return on assets ­ which we believe is an important measure of a company's earnings power ­ BB&T's ROA in 2011 was 2.37%, compared to 1.82% for our peers. Over the last 15 years, the compound annual growth rate of our pretax, pre-credit cost earnings is 15% ­ a very good achievement. Our 2011 results demonstrate that BB&T's underlying fundamentals are strong. More important, we believe we will continue to show improved returns for our shareholders as we return to a more normalized credit cycle.

Consistent Long-Term Earnings Power
Pre-Tax Pre-Credit Earnings Revenue Growth through the Cycle
YTD 2011 vs. YTD 2007

As originally reported 15-year compound annual growth rate 15%

Excludes foreclosed property expense and securities gains (losses). Refer to page 17 for additional disclosures.

Adjusted to exclude the impact of large acquisitions for BB&T and peers and selected one-time items.

6

OUR STOCK PERFORMANCE
Our ultimate responsibility is to optimize the long-term return to our shareholders, and while banks have not performed well in recent years, BB&T remains one of the strongest performers and best dividend payers in the industry. BB&T's 20-year annualized total return of 10.3% compares favorably to our peer average of 5.6%. A $100 investment in BB&T shares in 1995 was worth $331 on December 31, 2011, significantly better than the S&P 500 and our in-market peers. In 2011 alone, we ranked second among our peer group in total return to shareholders, which includes net stock price change plus the dividends paid during the year. We recognize we have a special obligation to reward our shareholders for their loyalty to BB&T. Unlike many companies with large majorities of institutional investors, nearly half of BB&T shareholders are individuals, many of whom have increased their ownership of our company through both up and down cycles over many years. Our dividend strategy underscores our commitment to our shareholders and longterm view. We have paid a cash dividend every year since 1903. Even at the height of the financial-market crisis ­ when many banks eliminated or virtually eliminated their dividends ­ BB&T was the last major bank to reduce our dividend, and we reduced it substantially less than our peers. Our dividend yield of 2.54% is one of the strongest in the banking industry. Still, our reduction to $.15 per share in 2009 was my most painful decision as CEO because I know any reduction has financial consequences for individual shareholders who depend on our dividends. Early in 2011, we became the first of the 19 large stress-tested banks to announce an increase in our dividend. While the $.04 annual increase and $.01 special dividend were modest, they reflect our commitment to provide a dividend payout that is among the best in the industry. We remain committed to a long-term, robust payout strategy. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we earned $.55 per diluted common share and paid out $.16 per share, or a 29% payout. My personal commitment ­ and top priority ­ is to increase the earnings of BB&T so we can continue to increase the dividend, while maintaining the safe and sound investment that our shareholders count on. As shareholders know too well, 2011 was a difficult year for banking industry stocks, including BB&T's. The last decade has been difficult for investors in many asset classes. Banking stocks in particular have been punished during the last three years of volatility in financial markets. In 2011, the large bank index fell 25 percent while the S&P 500 was slightly up. While we share your disappointment about these challenges, we firmly believe BB&T will lead the industry in restoring investor confidence as one of the few large financial institutions that remained solidly profitable during the financial crisis. As we demonstrate broad-based improvement in our credit-quality measures, industry analysts are beginning to focus on our underlying earnings power, which I hope will drive an improved stock price.

OUR CAPITAL STRENGTH
In a sign of BB&T's strength and stability amid uncertainty in the financial markets, our capital levels remain among the strongest in the banking industry. As regulators continue to introduce new requirements on bank liquidity, our capital strength is crucial to providing the financial flexibility to pursue strategies that are in the best interest of our shareholders, including continuing our proactive dividend strategy. Both international and U.S. regulations are imposing increasing requirements for bank capital ­ the margin by which creditors are covered if a bank's assets are liquidated. Earlier this year, the Federal Reserve received our submission for the 2012 "stress test," which is designed to ensure banks meet their capital requirements in a challenging economic scenario. We are confident BB&T will exceed all requirements ­ as we did in 2011. Our internal capital generation provides significant financial flexibility to deploy our capital in ways that support BB&T's strategy and shareholders. Our first priority is to continue BB&T's strong organic growth, which we believe

Shareholder Return

Depicts $100 invested at 12/31/95 and held through 12/31/11 with dividends reinvested in the security or index.

BB&T

S&P Commercial Banks

S&P 500 Index

Peer Average

2011 Annual Report Sharing Knowledge for a Brighter Direction

7

is in our shareholder's best long-term interest. Dividends paid to our shareholders rank as our second priority, followed by strategic acquisitions. Repurchase of BB&T shares is a distant fourth option only if the internal rate of return is superior to other options. We do not expect to issue new common equity in order to meet the new capital rules. At December 31, 2011, our Tier I risk-based capital ratio and total risk-based capital ratio were 12.5% and 15.7%, respectively. Our Tier I common ratio, a measure of tangible capital and the ratio that regulators watch most closely, was 9.7% compared to 9.1% a year ago.

OUR KEY STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES FOR 2012
As a country and an industry, we still face formidable challenges: a sluggish U.S. economy, a European debt crisis, excessive regulation, intense competition, a poor industry image, and more. But there also are plenty of opportunities: a return to fundamental, community-based banking, an industry shakeout of weakened competitors and a more normalized credit environment, to name a few. We believe there are more opportunities than challenges for BB&T because we have adhered to our long-held values and goals and avoided many of the problems that hobbled some of our competitors. BB&T is positioned to benefit from continuing industry consolidation.

During the financial crisis, many banks were reluctant to sell because their share prices were depressed. However, we expect consolidation to accelerate as managements and boards realize their banks may struggle to thrive in a new slower-growth environment. The winners will be those banks with strong cultures, rational strategies, superior processes and exceptional executional abilities ­ prerequisites for superior revenue and earnings per share growth and outstanding return on equity. We expect BB&T to be among the five to seven regional banks, along with three or four national banks, that will dominate the industry in the next five to 10 years. We also expect the pace of reintermediation to pick up as clients who are disenchanted with Wall Street financial institutions and nonbank investments return to Main Street banks. BB&T, with our community bank structure and 140-year history of safety and stability, is positioned to benefit. After a quarter-century of over-leveraged hyper growth prior to the financial crisis, we expect solid but slower growth between 2012 and 2015, with real Gross Domestic Product growth averaging between 2.6% and 3.7% and moderate inflation averaging between 2.1% and 2.4%. In this environment, we believe cost control and a laser focus on productivity will be crucial in driving overall performance.

BB&T's long-term strategy for superior, balanced performance is centered around a client-driven passion for quality service; a strong associate value proposition; rational risk taking and exceptional risk management; superior earnings growth; and targeted and consistent investments for the future. For 2012, BB&T's senior management team has set five strategic objectives described in the following sections of our annual report. While the emphasis may change year to year, our ultimate goal is unwavering: to maximize returns to our shareholders. The key to success, we believe, is creating a superior earnings-per-share growth rate without sacrificing fundamental quality and long-term competitiveness, nor taking unreasonable risk.

Deliver the BB&T Value Promise, thereby creating the Perfect Client Experience
Our fundamental strategy is to provide the best value proposition in the marketplace. Value is a function of quality relative to the price. At BB&T, we focus on providing the best quality in the marketplace. Most companies do well during good economic climates, but their value propositions can falter during tough times. I'm proud that BB&T significantly strengthened our value proposition throughout the last four difficult years, winning clients from weakened competitors in a "flight to quality."

BB&T Among Leaders in Dividend Yield
Current Dividend Yield of Stress-Tested Banks

Source: SNL Financial; as of 12/31/2011

8

Independent surveys of our clients show superior client service rankings spanning virtually all of BB&T's lines of business. In the annual survey by Maritz Research, we again ranked first among our in-market competitors in overall bank satisfaction and likelihood to recommend BB&T and patronize BB&T in the future. For the second consecutive year, at a time of heightened consumer scrutiny about how their home mortgages are being handled, BB&T ranked highest among primary U.S. mortgage service companies in customer service satisfaction. That ranking by J.D. Power and Associates was based on the responses of nearly 5,000 homeowners across the country. Our small business and middle market groups have won 61 excellence awards ­ more than any U.S. bank ­ over the last three years from Greenwich Associates, a leading global financial services research and consulting firm. BB&T also was recognized for industryleading service in small business lending, wealth management, mobile banking, 401(k) retirement plan sponsorship, insurance services, sales finance, capital markets equity research and tax-free bond management. An indispensable part of our value proposition is BB&T's training, which has earned an excellent rating by Training magazine for nine consecutive years. And central to our training is our emphasis on delivering a Perfect Client Experience ­ service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent. As

part of that Perfect Client Experience, we share BB&T's 140 years of financial knowledge that, in turn, empowers our clients to achieve economic success and financial security. Particularly during these uncertain economic times, the deep and enduring relationships we form with our clients are crucial to both our success and our clients' financial well-being. Unfortunately, the value of these banking relationships has been too easily discounted or even dismissed in recent years as banks have unfairly borne the brunt of blame for the financial credit crisis. We believe it's important for banks like BB&T to reaffirm the value of having a relationship to help our clients meet their financial goals. For example, a national news reporter recently wrote about her experience living without a bank for only one month. In addition to the hassle of trying to pay bills and handle other routine transactions without a checking account, credit and debit cards or direct-deposited paychecks, the reporter was charged $93 in fees during the month for money orders, paycheck-cashing services and the like. In contrast, to use one example, BB&T's Bright Banking checking accounts include check cards with cash rewards, online banking, account updates and statements ­ for $10 a month, or free if clients meet minimum requirements. We believe we provide great products and services at a great price ­ the BB&T value advantage.

Ensure a strong associate value proposition
Central to BB&T's success are associates who feel valued and engaged in their work. That has never been more evident than now, when many of our competitors have resorted to extensive layoffs and cuts in benefits to restore profitability. The results have been predictable: frightened associates who understandably sit around worrying about their own futures rather than focusing on the needs of their clients. In contrast, throughout the financial crisis, BB&T has continued to give raises and maintained its full associate benefits program, including an extensive health and wellness program and a retirement program offering both a pension and an employer-matched 401(k) plan. Our strategies focus on all facets of associates' well-being: career, financial, physical, community and social. In a recent anonymous company survey of our associates, 90 percent said they were proud to work at BB&T ­ a sign of exceptional associate engagement, according to the third-party survey company. We continue to make substantial investments in associate education to create a knowledgebased learning organization. To successfully operate our decentralized structure of 36 community banks, we know we must have highly trained associates who understand BB&T's philosophy ­ and are "masters" of their areas of responsibility, whether they are computer operators, tellers, lenders or financial consultants.

Industry Leading Client Satisfaction
Overall Bank Satisfaction Likelihood to Recommend

"Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Mortgage Servicing Companies, Two Years in a Row."

From Maritz Research 2011 Retail Client Satisfaction and Loyalty Survey, represents percentage of "top box" scores, indicating a 9 or 10 rating on a 10-point scale. Peers include BAC, RF, STI and Wachovia.

Branch Banking and Trust received the highest numerical score among mortgage servicers in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2010-2011 Primary Mortgage Servicer StudySM. 2011 study based on responses from 4,944 consumers measuring 20 companies and measures the satisfaction of consumers with their current mortgage servicer. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in April-May 2011. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.

"BB&T's wealth program provides a great environment to learn and share investment strategies with other women and families."
Maxine Phillips

"For a family business, it is very important to have that level of trust and transparency that we enjoy in our relationship with BB&T."
Stephen Phillips

For Stephen and Maxine Phillips, the relationship with BB&T is built on trust, with a personal touch. In 1914, Stephen's grandfather opened a crab processing plant along Maryland's Chesapeake Bay, followed by his parents' expansion with Phillips popular seafood restaurants throughout the Eastern Seaboard. The BB&T relationship started over a decade ago with a family investment account referred by a BB&T banker who once worked on the restaurant wait staff. Maxine Phillips, a former teacher, praised the BB&T Wealth team's focus on education, including an informative forum in Charleston, S.C., which offered women personalized and pragmatic investment insight. Most recently, BB&T won a commercial loan to finance the relocation of Phillips' restaurant in Baltimore's Inner Harbor. Sales doubled within two months of the restaurant's opening. "During these difficult years in the economy, BB&T's constant communication gave our family a sense of security and showed BB&T understands the unique challenges facing entrepreneurial businesses," says Stephen Phillips, President and CEO of Phillips Foods and Seafood Restaurants, Inc.

Brannon Fitch, BB&T Regional Corporate Banker Martin Radinsky, BB&T Senior Vice President, Senior Trust Manager Stephen Phillips, CEO, Phillips Foods Inc. Maxine Phillips, Vice President, Phillips Foods Inc. Elizabeth Andes Brown, BB&T Senior Vice President, Wealth Team Director

10

In our rapidly changing and unpredictable world, companies and individuals also need a clear set of values to guide their actions. As a values-driven organization, BB&T encourages and trains our associates to have a strong sense of purpose, a high level of self-esteem and the capacity to think clearly and logically. We believe that is the essence of BB&T's competitive advantage: associates who turn rational ideas into action that, in turn, accomplishes our mission. BB&T's values form the foundation of the way we do business. We frame our values around character, judgment, success and happiness. We start with character because it is based in honesty and integrity. We cannot fool ourselves about the facts. Honesty and integrity are requisites for trusting relationships. People of good character ­ who think in terms of facts and reality ­ also tend to exercise good judgment. And if we have good character and good judgment, we more than likely will be successful. What I've discovered after almost 40 years at BB&T is that the biggest challenge is helping our associates find a sense of happiness. Material success ­ a bigger house, a bigger car ­ does not always lead to happiness. Of course, as a company we cannot guarantee associates' happiness. However, we can help them draw a sense of self-esteem and pride from their work ­ and see that their efforts help our clients achieve financial security

for themselves and their families, especially in times of economic distress. I'm especially proud of how our associates responded throughout 2011 to help the communities we serve. When tornadoes ravaged parts of north Alabama, BB&T and our associates donated money, supplies, blood and, most importantly, time to help communities recover and rebuild. Through our Lighthouse Project, over the last three years, our associates have volunteered 150,000 hours and completed more than 3,200 projects in 25 states, making a difference in the lives of more than 5 million people during difficult economic times.

in the economically diverse Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, generated 54% of our revenue in 2011. BB&T basically operates as a large local bank, serving local clients that our local bankers know well. At the same time, we have diversified our balance sheet by building a diverse mix of national-scale businesses with attractive growth prospects. We also have seized opportunities for new or expanded revenue sources. For example, at a time when several major corporate banking lenders downsized or disappeared, BB&T bankers have been winning clients by knocking on the doors of middle-market companies that are seeking a new lender. As large banks that previously dominated the mortgage market pulled back while recovering from the financial crisis, BB&T gained market share in our mortgage-origination business, an important source of fee income. Our overall loan growth has exceeded growth in the still-sluggish economy, signaling that we continue to win market share. As we have continued to control our exposure in real estate, we have aggressively increased lending efforts in less-volatile commercial and industrial loans and targeted growing segments such as specialized lending, large corporate, direct retail and mortgage production. We also are rapidly expanding other promising growth businesses such as wealth and focusing our Financial Center leaders on the important small business segment.

Achieve superior revenue growth
BB&T consistently invests in revenue growth because we believe it ultimately is the most important long-term driver of earnings growth. While many of our peers have suffered absolute declines in revenue during these difficult economic times, we have focused on diversified growth in both our core banking operations and fee-income businesses. Between 2007 and year-end 2011, BB&T's organic revenue grew 12%, while the median growth rate for our peers was 1.3%. We believe diversification in revenue sources is a key to our success. BB&T's business model is balanced approximately 50-50 between retail and commercial banking. Our 36 community banks, concentrated

Supporting Our Communities
BB&T is committed to promoting financial literacy among young people in our communities. Our partnership with the Financial Services Roundtable and EverFi, a web-based financial literacy curriculum, provides college scholarships and teaches high school students about the responsible use of credit and other lessons in finance.

BB&T's reputation as a reliable and responsive lender already is attracting fans and business in the Texas oilfields. In February 2011, after establishing a presence in Texas with the Colonial acquisition, BB&T formed an energy-lending team based in Houston to meet the needs of the booming and capital-intensive oil and gas sector. "People in this business value long-term relationships from banks they can count on to provide the capital they need to meet their capital expenditure objectives," says Jeff Forbis, Energy Group manager of BB&T Capital Markets. Jeff, who like his teammates joined BB&T after years of experience in the energy industry, promptly approached Tim Dunn, CEO of CrownRock LP in Midland, Texas, offering BB&T participation in a lending group with other banks. "I didn't know BB&T until Jeff showed up on my doorstep," says Tim, "but I've known and trusted Jeff for more than 20 years. The more he told me about BB&T, the more I liked it." In addition to the Energy Group, BB&T offers extensive energy insurance capabilities in Houston through its insurance subsidiary, McGriff, Seibels & Williams Inc.

Bobby Floyd , President, CrownRock LP Tim Dunn, CEO, CrownRock LP Jeff Forbis, BB&T Senior Vice President, Energy Group Manager Parul June, BB&T Assistant Vice President, Energy Group

"BB&T is a stable, grass-roots bank that makes money the old-fashioned way, by investing in the community. That's the kind of business we are too."
Tim Dunn, CEO of CrownRock LP, which plans to drill about 150 wells at a cost of $300 million this year in west Texas' rich Permian Basin.

12

BB&T Insurance Services, which contributes 12% of our revenue as the nation's sixth-largest insurance broker, outpaced industry growth in a recovering market and expanded its reach with three acquisitions in 2011: Precept Group and Liberty Benefit Insurance Services, leading associate-benefits firms based in California that provide the platforms needed to deal with rapid changes in healthcare reform, and Atlantic Risk Management Corporation, a commercial property, casualty and associatebenefits broker in Columbia, Maryland. These investments were further augmented by our first quarter 2012 planned acquisition of Crump Life Insurance Services and Crump Property & Casualty Insurance Services. This deal is a great strategic acquisition that also exceeds all of our merger criteria. We are diversifying our insurance revenues and profits by becoming the largest wholesale provider of life insurance in the country. The transaction is expected to grow our revenues by $300 million in the first full year after the combination. On the deposit side, we are reducing our cost structure by deliberately not pursuing more expensive time deposits while focusing on noninterest-bearing deposits, which increased 16.2% in 2011. Growth in Bright Banking and other checking accounts are helping offset fee-income losses affecting the industry as a result of regulatory restrictions on debit card income and overdraft fees. As part of BB&T's commitment to multicultural markets, we are reaching out to the fast-growing Hispanic market with more than 260 multicultural banking centers in ethnic communities and a Spanish-language website (www.bbtvecino.com) and client support line (1-800-BANK-BBT). Our Supplier Diversity Program creates opportunities for certified diverse suppliers to bid for BB&T services.

Any acquisition must meet three key criteria we insist on for acquisitions: they must be strategically compelling, avoid material asset risk, and be accretive to our shareholders. Last November we announced plans to acquire BankAtlantic, one of Florida's largest independent banks with $3.3 billion in deposits. BankAtlantic would bolster our presence in the greater Miami area, adding 78 branches and moving us to No. 6 from No. 14 in market share in an area rich in core, low-cost deposits. BB&T also would acquire $2.1 billion in loans. As of this writing, the BankAtlantic transaction has been enjoined by a Delaware judge. While the ultimate outcome of our proposed acquisition is uncertain, I am hopeful that we can find a workable solution and move forward with the deal. We are also building on our 2009 acquisition of Colonial Bank in Texas, with plans to open branches in four cities ­ Austin, Fort Worth, Frisco and San Antonio. At the same time, we have expanded our lending to the state's booming oil-and-gas industry with a new energy team based in Houston. While we are just getting started in the large Texas market, BB&T's balanced growth strategy has paid off in our core banking states, with deposit market shares that rank in the top five among banks in each state except Tennessee and Maryland, where we rank No. 6 and 7, respectively. In 2012, we plan to open 30 de novo branches, predominantly in areas where we have less dense coverage, including Texas, Florida and Maryland. We will continue to be alert for bank acquisition opportunities that meet our strict criteria as well as non-bank purchases that expand our related financial businesses. For BB&T, the optimum size of transactions includes banks with between $3 billion and $15 billion in assets. Looking ahead, we anticipate an attractive acquisition market for BB&T and other well-capitalized banks as we continue to demonstrate our financial strength ­ and as competitors think more strategically about their futures and recognize that BB&T would be an ideal partner to help navigate a changing banking world.

Continue balance sheet diversification and risk management strategies
The financial crisis reaffirmed two fundamental imperatives to be successful in banking. First, banks need to meticulously and methodically aggregate, integrate and correlate risk information. The failure to do so was an underlying cause of the subprime mortgage fiasco. Basically, nobody knew the extent of exposure to faulty mortgages that were packaged and sent to investors around the world. Second, diversification and prudence in leverage are important in banking, as in most businesses. The big investment banks and other financial firms that faltered or failed when the subprime crisis mushroomed into a global financial meltdown had too much debt, too much leverage and too much concentration. They focused only on what was the most profitable and then over-leveraged. Rational risk-taking long has been central to BB&T's values, just as we have been diligent about diversification. But the challenging environment of the last four years has been no time for complacency, and thus we have put even greater emphasis on exceptional risk management and diversifying our revenue stream, our asset base and our geographic structure. We also are continually improving the infrastructure of our established risk management organization. Since the crisis, we have created an independent Credit Risk Review function within BB&T's Enterprise Risk Management unit, providing analytical tools for commercial and consumer credit and operations risk. We have many more credit scoring screens to find, for example, details about first mortgages so we are better able to provide second-lien home equity products to clients who will continue to have real cash equity in the transaction. We avoid exposure to complex, unknown risk and strictly adhere to our portfolio limits. Thanks to the diligence of our loan workout team, we have substantially reduced problem assets, partly by proactive and preventive early identification of problems

Organic growth and strategic acquisitions
BB&T's 140-year history is filled with steady organic expansion combined with selective strategic acquisitions ­ both essential to our revenue growth.

On the road with BB&T's Bank Bus
BB&T's Bank Bus brings financial education to where our clients work, live, learn, play and pray. Staffed by BB&T associates, the bus serves as a community resource center equipped with computers to obtain credit report information, open accounts at BBT.com and provide information on subjects such as money management, home ownership and credit management. During the summer, the bus goes to camp, where hundreds of students learn the importance of building good credit habits at the North Carolina Bankers Association's Camp Challenge. During the school year, the bus can be found on high school and college campuses, where BB&T bankers help with checking and savings accounts and web-based financial education programs in English and Spanish. Between January and April, community volunteers use the bus to offer free, bilingual tax-preparation services at churches and community centers in low- and moderate-income areas throughout BB&T's banking franchise. And when natural disaster strikes, as it did last year when tornadoes devastated parts of Alabama, the bus becomes a mobile relief site and Internet café where displaced people pick up water supplies, send emails, follow up on insurance claims, use the on-board ATM, and more.

14

and relentless collection of early-stage, past-due loans. The true test of a bank's risk management is during challenging times. BB&T has outperformed our peers in key credit quality metrics over the last four years. At year-end 2011, BB&T's measure of nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans was 1.68%, compared to an average of 2.13% for our peers. Our broad-based revenue growth attests to the diversification and growth of BB&T's balance sheet. In 2011, 54% of our revenue came from our community bank, 12% from insurance services, 12% from financial services, 8% from specialized lending, 7% from residential mortgage banking, and 7% from dealer financial services. That diverse revenue stream is essential to providing more predictable earnings and returns for our shareholders. At the same time, changing the mix of our deposits has increased our comfort in meeting the liquidity requirements of the Basel III standards. Diversification of our markets also has helped BB&T perform dramatically better over the last four years, when the relative steadiness of more moderategrowth markets such as Kentucky and West Virginia helped offset the volatility of markets such as Atlanta, Miami and Washington, D.C.

Optimize expense structure
In the slow-growth economic environment that we expect, banks and all companies must relentlessly control expenses. But unlike some competitors that are simply slashing expenses across the board, at BB&T we believe a much more comprehensive analysis is needed to determine how to optimize both the expense and revenue sides of our business. In 2011, we began a wide-ranging "reconceptualization project" to determine how we need to rebuild our businesses for optimal performance in a demanding new financial landscape. We have challenged each of BB&T's leaders to essentially start with a clean sheet of paper and design better and more efficient ways to run their businesses. They will present their cost-saving and revenue-enhancement ideas for approval to an executive management-led committee by the end of the first quarter in 2012, with changes to be implemented in 2012 and 2013. I assure you this project will not result in a report that sits on a shelf, gathering dust. It will be a working blueprint to put BB&T on a constant evolutionary track to become more and more efficient. Our challenge is clearly evident in our efficiency ratio ­ which measures expenses as a percentage of revenues, so lower percentages reflect

improved performance. BB&T's efficiency ratio of 55.2% in 2011, while up from 53.9% in 2010, continues to outperform the 63.3% average ratio of our peers. In addition, some of our expenses will decline as credit costs continue to shrink. But other costs, particularly expensive regulatory requirements, will not go away. Over the last five years, noninterest expenses have grown faster than noninterest income for the banking industry, including BB&T. That situation is clearly not sustainable long-term. The good news is that our associates are engaged and enthusiastic about this project. Clearly, those closest to our businesses and clients know better than I or other senior leaders what needs to change. With their commitment, I am optimistic that BB&T will optimize our businesses in ways that benefit our clients, communities and shareholders. Banking companies that recognize the imperative of doing so will be the winners in a transformed banking world.

Broad-based Loan Growth
Average Loans Held for Investment

Delivering all Components of Profitability
Strong Efficiency Ratio
The efficiency ratio reflects the cost to produce each dollar of revenue, expressed as a percentage, i.e. lower percentages represent more efficient operations. Excludes securities gains (losses), foreclosed property expense, amortization of intangible assets, merger-related and restructuring charges, the impacts of FDIC loss share accounting, and other selected items. Refer to page 17 for additional disclosures. Peers include CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION. Source: SNL and Company Reports

Excludes loans held for sale.

BB&T

Peer Average

2011 Annual Report Sharing Knowledge for a Brighter Direction

15

THANK YOU
In closing, I want to express my deepest appreciation to J. Holmes Morrison, who retired as a member of our corporate board of directors as of December 31, 2011, after reaching our mandatory retirement age of 70. For the last 11 years as a board member, Holmes has made enormous contributions to BB&T's success through his extensive experience in the financial services industry and risk management. I welcome his continued counsel. I also want to welcome Edwin H. Welch to the corporate board. I've admired Ed over the last 18 years through his service as a member of the West Virginia Advisory Committee of Branch Banking and Trust Company, BB&T's principal subsidiary. He has been president of the University of Charleston since 1989 and led this West Virginia institution through unprecedented growth, doubling full-time student enrollment, redefining the university's mission and transforming its academic program. Ed also is an ordained minister in the United Methodist Church and served in the executive office of the President at the White House in the administrations of Presidents Kennedy, Johnson and Nixon. His vast knowledge of economics, political science and education will enhance the diverse perspectives among our board members. In addition to Holmes and Ed, we are fortunate to have corporate and bank board members who are deeply committed to our long-term optimum performance. I also want to thank my colleagues on our very talented executive leadership team for their incredible commitment and guidance during these last few challenging years. We have an average of 29 years of experience with BB&T, and have worked closely together for most of our careers. I am equally indebted to BB&T's more than 31,000 associates serving our clients in nearly 1,800 Southeast and Mid-Atlantic branches and throughout the country. Despite remaining economic and industry challenges, BB&T is solidly and uniquely positioned for a prosperous future. Our community banking model produces the absolute best value proposition in the market. Our diversified, stable business mix is resilient in all operating environments. Our markets are among the fastest growing in the country. We have the best team in banking and train them very effectively. And although we are entering new markets, we have never lost sight of who we are, what we stand for and who we serve. We are committed to restoring the public's trust in bankers in general, through our continued honorable work helping our shareholders, clients, communities and associates achieve economic success and financial security. With a 140-year heritage of commitment to our vision, mission and values, and your continuing support, I have no doubt that BB&T's best days are ahead.

Kelly S. King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2012

Driving Growth in Lower Cost Deposits
Average Deposits

Superior Returns on Tangible Equity
Return on Average Tangible Common Equity vs. Peers
Peers include: CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZIONS. Refer to page 17 for additional disclosures. Source: SNL and Company Reports

BB&T

Peer Average

