 2 2016 Annual Report
To Our Shareholders
For BB&T, 2016 was a tremendous year with record earnings, expansion into new markets and a strong return to our shareholders. I am optimistic 2017 presents a new day of even greater opportunity for our associates, clients, communities and shareholders.
The possible combination of higher interest rates, increased business and consumer confidence, lower taxes and potentially lower regulatory costs creates the best opportunity for greater profitability and shareholder returns since the Great Recession. Of course, this robust economic growth hinges largely on new leadership in Washington enacting more balanced regulations and lower taxes.
Such a shift would prompt reluctant business owners to make long-overdue investments. These businesses, operating trucks with 300,000-plus miles and limping along with outdated computers, would start spending and creating new jobs. As these investments increase, banks would begin to make more loans. We are already seeing applications for new loans from companies ready to move ahead with plant expansions and other projects.
Let me add that my optimism is not based on partisan politics. After the divisive national election, I believe the new administration and Congress, with support from both political parties, must come together to work for the benefit of all our citizens. Campaign rhetoric and bitterness must be replaced with a consensus for real change. We cannot squander the best opportunity in several decades to create a prosperous future for our children and grandchildren.
One crucial issue not adequately addressed during the campaign is the underlying causes of the deep divisions in our country. An economic divide is certainly one cause of the poverty, violence and other distressing results of these divisions, but that’s only part of the answer. I believe that economic disparity is driven by an increasing educational divide that urgently needs to be confronted. Today’s jobs demand stronger competency in math, science, reading and other skills than needed in the past, and BB&T’s business clients tell us many of today’s job applicants don’t have those skills.
The nation’s K-12 education system plays a crucial role in remedying this educational divide, and we believe one of the best ways to help our schools is to better equip their principals to be better leaders. That’s why The BB&T Leadership Institute is expanding its program to share our time-tested leadership development, at no cost, to school principals, who supervise large staffs but rarely have had the benefit of leadership development. It’s part of living our mission to help our communities, which have supported BB&T for 145 years. Banks are merely a reflection of their communities. If they succeed, we succeed.
In 2016 BB&T delivered a strong financial performance. We began leveraging the benefits of our expansion into new markets. We ramped up our digital strategy by adding talent and technology to meet our clients’ evolving needs and expectations. We largely completed investments in new infrastructure systems that position us for the future. We made important changes in our Executive Management team. Chris Henson, an exceptional leader with more
than 32 years of outstanding performance at BB&T, was promoted to president in addition to his role as chief operating officer. We also expanded the team, adding three leaders in their 40s, to ensure a constant flow of fresh ideas.
What didn’t change in 2016, and never will, is our culture, built on non-negotiables such as our bedrock value of honesty. Without honesty, there can be no trust. And, without trust, there can be no meaningful relationships. We take our consultative relationship with clients very seriously. We listen carefully to understand our clients’ needs and then help match those needs with the appropriate products and services. We never lose sight of our mission to help clients achieve economic success and financial security.
Our accomplishments in 2016 demonstrate the power of our vision, mission and values:
We accelerated our digital transformation. Our new customizable digital banking platform, U by BB&T, allows clients to do business with us wherever they are on whatever device they choose. So far, it has been embraced by almost 2 million clients while garnering independent reviews as one of the best platforms in the industry. Like our digital world, U is constantly changing, offering new features such as credit scores currently and same-day payments in the near future, and forming a foundation for future innovation. We expanded and realigned our Executive Management team to guide our digital strategy, including the new positions of chief digital officer, chief client experience officer and chief information officer.
We extended and enhanced our market share. We successfully integrated our National Penn Bancshares acquisition and began capitalizing on our earlier acquisitions of Susquehanna Bancshares and The Bank of Kentucky. Among many other benefits, these acquisitions allow us to create new capital markets relationships in the Philadelphia, Pa., and Cincinnati, Ohio, corporate markets. We also completed our second-largest insurance acquisition by adding respected wholesale insurance broker Swett & Crawford, further increasing and diversifying our insurance business and fee income. Now we are focused on capturing the synergies and enhanced revenue from our acquisitions, while pursuing organic growth opportunities in a franchise that encompasses 15 states and the District of Columbia.
We strengthened our communities. The BB&T Leadership Institute, which soon will be based in a new state-of-the-art facility in Greensboro, N.C., offered our unique leadership development programs to more clients and members of our communities. Meanwhile, our Lighthouse Project community service initiative has helped improve the lives of more than 13 million people, our Financial Foundations course has increased the financial proficiency of more than 400,000 high school students, and our Bank On Your Success program has provided 950 free financial education workshops.
We built an infrastructure for the future. We have prepared to meet growing technology and regulatory demands by investing in best-in-class risk management and other systems. The systems are

  “I am optimistic 2017 presents a new day of even greater opportunity for our associates, clients, communities and shareholders.”
2016 Annual Report 3
 Kelly S. King, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer

 4 2016 Annual Report
expensive: three projects largely completed in 2015-2017 – general ledger, commercial loan systems and a data center – cost a total of approximately $1 billion. To put that in perspective, this amount is four times larger than BB&T’s total assets when I joined the bank in 1972. But, because we have the foresight and strength to invest, we now have the foundation to support future growth.
We demonstrated diversity in our revenue and earnings. Our balance between national fee income businesses and banking operations in the attractive Southeastern, Mid-Atlantic and Texas markets yielded solid revenue growth and results that led our peers by most performance measures. Among the strong performers: bankcard, corporate banking, deposits, insurance, mortgage, multicultural, direct retail lending, specialized lending and wealth.
We remained disciplined in controlling cost and risk. A prerequisite for our success is a dedicated commitment to strict cost control and lending standards. We have been able to invest in infrastructure and revenue opportunities because our associates carefully watch expenses and find ways to run their businesses more efficiently. We lead our peers in credit quality measures because we adhere to our conservative principles even when the loosened standards and lower pricing, adopted by some competitors, could have produced higher, but short-term, returns.
We rewarded our shareholders. We won regulatory approval of a shareholder-friendly capital plan, including a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend, a 28.4% total return to shareholders and share repurchases totaling $840 million. Our dividend yield and long-term returns are among the industry’s best.
While BB&T’s performance and the prospect of a new day of opportunity are indeed heartening, we readily acknowledge we still face challenges. They include an uncertain global environment; higher technology, cybersecurity and other costs; and fierce competition from both traditional banks, as well as other companies that do not adhere to the same regulatory standards. As the new administration and Congress begin to enact promised reductions in regulations, we hope changes to regulatory laws – and the way they are applied – are reasonable, fair and balanced.
Diversification Drives Revenue and Productivity
External forces such as the economy and regulatory policy will continue to be important, but by far the most crucial reasons for our success come from within. We spend an enormous amount of time talking with our 39,000 associates about our vision, mission and values because without our associates’ active engagement they’re just words on a page. We deliver BB&T’s value promise to our clients because we first value our associates and know they’ll then take care of our clients in an exceptional way. We offer excellent benefits and are committed to empowering our associates and being inclusive and transparent in our actions. We are committed to learning and training. We stress the importance of a “growth mindset” to constantly improve our capabilities.
Some may scoff at values not measured in dollars and cents on the balance sheet, but we know our culture defines our long-term performance and truly distinguishes BB&T. Year after year, thanks to our associates’ engagement, BB&T outperforms our peers in independent client satisfaction rankings. In our annual associate survey, 84% said they are proud to work at BB&T and our associate engagement is 78% overall, compared to an associate engagement industry norm of 64%. And we won’t be satisfied until we reach 100%. Based on the available data, we believe we have the lowest turnover rate among large U.S. banks.
We have a bold mission: to make the world a better place to live. We achieve our mission by helping our clients achieve economic success and financial security, creating a place where our associates can learn, grow and are fulfilled in their work, and making our communities better places to be. When we do that, we reward our shareholders by optimizing our long-term return while providing a safe and sound investment. It’s wholesome and worthwhile work. We empower our clients and communities to create jobs, build houses, finance cars, save for college, prepare for retirement and more. We make a difference, one person at a time.
Since our founding in 1872, BB&T has been committed to long- term planning. Our investments in people, markets and systems, combined with our disciplined lending standards, yield long-term results and create growth opportunities for our clients, associates, communities and shareholders.
 Revenue Diversification by Segment
 16%
15%
7%
7%
7%
48%
Community Banking Insurance Holdings
Financial Services
Specialized Lending
Dealer Financial Services Residential Mortgage Banking
      Based on segment revenues, excluding other, treasury and corporate, for period ended Dec. 31, 2016

 2016 Results
BB&T reported record earnings in 2016, driven in part by solid revenue growth, continued strong credit quality, a stable net interest margin and excellent expense control. Our key strategies are working very well, including strong leverage from our acquisitions, growth in corporate banking and wealth, diversification realized from insurance and specialized lending and increased investments in digital operations. BB&T’s community banking, which generates 48% of our revenue, is well positioned for the faster economic growth and resurgence of investment expected in 2017 as Main Street businesses and consumers increase their borrowing.
Revenue increased 12.3% during 2016 to a record $11.0 billion, compared to the average 4.6% growth rate of BB&T’s peers. Net income available to common shareholders was a record $2.3 billion, up 16.7% from 2015. Earnings per diluted share totaled $2.77, compared to $2.56 for 2015.
Average loans and leases held for investment increased by 10.9% to $141.8 billion, including the benefit of our acquisitions. We had strong loan growth in specialized lending and dealer financial services. Grandbridge Real Estate Capital, our commercial mortgage operation, was up 21.5% annualized in the fourth quarter. Equipment Finance was up 12.7% and Regional Acceptance Corporation, BB&T’s subprime lender in auto finance, was up 10.1%. In 2017, after flat to modest loan growth due to seasonal factors in the first quarter, we expect accelerating core loan growth in later quarters as the economy becomes more robust. We are seeing momentum build specifically in North Carolina’s Charlotte, Triangle and Triad regions, the District of Columbia and Houston, among others. With higher oil and gas prices, we expect BB&T’s energy portfolio, while comprising less than 1% of our total loans, to experience long-term growth with solid credit quality.
We continued to improve the mix of BB&T’s deposits. While total deposits were basically flat by design, average noninterest-bearing deposits increased by 15.0%, second among our peers, and represent 31% of total deposits, compared to 20% five years ago.
Average Loan Growth vs. Peers
BB&T’s credit quality measures are among the industry’s strongest. Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and loan-related assets declined every quarter in 2016, to 0.57% at year end, compared to the 0.99% average of our peers. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases totaled 0.38%, up slightly from 0.35% in 2015. Our allowance coverage ratios also remain strong, at 2.03 times for nonperforming loans and 2.47 times for charge-offs.
BB&T’s fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased 12.9% to $6.48 billion, partly reflecting the benefit of our acquisitions. We expect positive growth in our balance sheet and net interest income with the increasing impact of higher interest rates. The net interest margin, key to a bank’s profitability, increased to 3.39% from 3.32% in 2015 and was superior to the 2.98% average of our peers. We expect continued improvement in the core net interest margin in the first quarter of 2017 due to higher rates, favorable asset mix changes and the termination of higher-cost Federal Home Loan Bank advances in the first quarter of 2017. The net interest margin is the difference between the interest received on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and other funding, expressed as a percentage of earning assets.
Our noninterest income, which provides revenue diversification and earnings stability, increased 11.3% to a record $4.47 billion. Checkcard fees, trust and investment advisory services revenue and operating lease income all reported double-digit increases, of 12.1%, 10.8% and 10.5%, respectively. While our large insurance business has been impacted by excess industry capital and lower rates, we continue to gain market share and expect 3% to 4% income growth in 2017. We also expect continued growth in investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions, in part because added retail offices complement our rapidly growing wealth business. We are maintaining mortgage banking income at relatively flat levels as we build out new markets despite some slowdown in mortgage originations driven by higher interest rates. Our fee income ratio of 41.4% for the year compares to the 37.3% average of our peers.
2016 Annual Report 5
 2016 vs. 2015
 26.1%
 BB&T
Peers
Peer Median
 21.4%
   18.1%
 10.9%
 8.6%
   7.5%
7.3%
6.9%
 5.7%
 4.7%
1.7%
2.1%
1.1%
0.8%
    Peer1 Peer2 Peer3 BBT Median Peer4 Peer5 Peer6 Peer7 Peer8 Peer9 Peer10 Peer11 Peer12
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence Includes the impact of acquisitions

 6 2016 Annual Report
A higher value indicates a bank is producing more of its revenue
from noninterest income.
BB&T’s noninterest expense was $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016, down 10% from the third quarter. Personnel expense was essentially flat and loan-related expense declined, primarily driven by lower anticipated loan repurchase requests. In the third quarter we completed several strategic actions that will reduce ongoing costs and complexity, including terminating our loss- sharing agreement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation entered in 2009 as part of our Colonial Bank acquisition and settling certain matters related to Federal Housing Administration-insured mortgage loans. We expect future cost savings opportunities from integration of our acquisitions, consolidation of branches and reduction in regulatory costs. We also expect continued improvement in our adjusted efficiency ratio, which was 59.2% in 2016, superior to the average efficiency of our peers. The ratio measures expenses as a percentage of revenues, so lower percentages signal better performance.
Strong Returns Through the Cycle
Our return on average risk-weighted assets was a solid 1.41%, superior to the 1.09% average of our peers. BB&T’s return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity improved to 14.59% and was significantly better than the 10.62% average of our peers.
We believe among the best measures of BB&T’s consistency are our long-term returns and lack of volatility. In the last 10 years, our revenue relative to assets averaged 2.0%, compared to 1.7% for our national peers. For the same 10-year period, BB&T’s standard deviation of that measure was 0.3%, compared to 0.4% for our national peers.
In summary, BB&T’s 2016 performance again demonstrates our ability to generate stable, long-term improving returns even in the low-interest-rate environment of the last eight years. With the prospect of higher rates, lower taxes, faster economic growth and less regulation, we are positioned for even better performance in 2017 and beyond.
 Return on Average Assets
1.14% 1.11% 1.09%
0.95%
2012 2013
BB&T Peers
  1.20%
1.07%
2014
1.08% 1.01%
2015
1.12%
            0.95%
2016
     Return on Average Tangible Common Equity
  17.39%
13.24%
2012
17.49%
13.22%
2013
15.70%
12.61%
14.19%
11.10%
BB&T Peers
14.59%
10.62%
            2014 2015 2016
    Excludes impact of selected unusual items
Sources: S&P Global Market Intelligence and Company Reports
Superior Net Interest Margin
 4.06%
3.50%
3.37%
3.91%
3.45%
BB&T Core NIM Peers
      3.68%
 3.39% 3.42% 3.39% 3.32%
          3.31%
3.23%
3.12%
3.15%
2.94%
3.18% 2.98%
     2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
     Excludes impact of selected unusual items
Sources: S&P Global Market Intelligence and Company Reports

  “I believe I was put in this branch for moments like this. It affirms the value of doing what’s right, not what’s easy.”
2016 Annual Report 7
 Helping Our Clients Achieve Economic Success and Financial Security
As Glenda Swenson was opening an account for a new client, she also quickly built a new relationship. Soon the woman asked if she knew anything about foreclosure. A good friend, who wasn’t a BB&T client, was in danger of losing her home due to a reduction in her work hours. The client brought her friend in the next day, and after discussing some options Glenda discovered she hadn’t been receiving Social Security for which she was eligible. Mistakenly fearing her benefits would be cut in half if she tried to collect while still working, the friend
Pictured left to right Melissa Briley Branch Banker
BB&T
found comfort in Glenda’s gentle approach. “I reached across the desk, took her hand, looked her in the eye and said, ‘Trust me,’” Glenda recalls. Not only was she able to claim her monthly Social Security, Glenda also helped her collect enough past-due benefits to pay off her mortgage and create a healthy savings account. BB&T James River Regional President Ray Barnes says, “Experiences like this remind us that banking is a very noble profession.”
Vivian Parker Glenda Swenson Anita Cason Market Leader Branch Banker Branch Coordinator BB&T BB&T BB&T
Glenda Swenson,
a BB&T Branch Banker in Ghent, Va., whose diligence helped save a home from foreclosure

 8 2016 Annual Report
Our Stock Performance and Capital Strength
We take our long-term fiduciary responsibility to shareholders very seriously. One of the best ways to build wealth is to own shares with consistent dividends in companies like BB&T with steady long-term growth. Moreover, approximately a third of BB&T shareholders are individuals, many of them senior citizens who have accumulated their stock over many years and depend on those holdings for their retirement. One of the best long-term measures of stock performance is total return to shareholders, which includes the change in stock price plus dividends paid. During the last 10-year, 15-year and 20-year periods, BB&T’s total return to shareholders has been substantially better than our peers. Our return for 2016 was 28.4%, a very strong absolute return reflecting a 9.5% increase in dividends paid during 2016.
We are committed to providing predictable dividends to reward our shareholders. BB&T has paid a cash dividend to shareholders of
BB&T Among Leaders in Dividend Yield
our common stock every year since 1903. Our dividend yield, which expresses a stock’s annual dividend payout as a percentage of its stock price, is consistently among the best in our industry. In 2016 BB&T increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 7% to $0.30 per share, consistent with our capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve.
During 2016 the Federal Reserve also authorized BB&T to repurchase a total of $840 million of our shares, a move that will make existing shares more valuable with fewer outstanding shares. The increased dividend and stock buybacks demonstrate BB&T’s continued capital strength.
BB&T has consistently maintained one of the banking industry’s strongest capital levels, which measures how much creditors are covered if assets are liquidated. We have clear priorities in
   2.76%
BB&T Peers
  2.55%
 2.42%
 2.18%
 2.08%
    1.90%
1.88%
 Peer1 BBT Peer2 Peer3 Peer4 Peer5 Peer6 Peer7 Peer8 Peer9 Peer10 Peer11 Peer12
1.86%
1.81%
1.79%
  1.35%
1.35%
 0.74%
Source: ThomsonOne As of Dec. 31, 2016
Price to Tangible Book Value
   274.6%
BB&T Peers
   233.0%
231.3%
 210.6%
  185.2%
 182.8%
  175.0%
 Peer1 BBT Peer2 Peer3 Peer4 Peer5 Peer6 Peer7 Peer8 Peer9 Peer10 Peer11 Peer12
169.1%
167.0%
 162.6%
 154.2%
 148.1%
144.5%
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence As of Dec. 31, 2016

 how we allocate our capital: organic growth first, followed by steady dividends, then mergers and acquisitions, and finally stock buybacks. Our current strategy is tightly focused on organic growth opportunities as we capture the synergies and expense savings of our recent acquisitions, which added about $35 billion in assets in an 18-month period. While we remain alert to long-term opportunities for acquisitions, we are taking a pause while also evaluating how the acceleration of digital banking is changing the valuation of banks with large branch networks.
Since the financial crisis regulators have properly required banks to increase their capital levels, but that also has contributed to lower bank profits and industry returns. Now with the industry’s capital approximately doubled, and pledges of lower regulation and taxes from Washington, banks will have the opportunity to redeploy capital and liquidity – resulting in faster growth and improved
Capital Strength
returns. Given the expected growth in capital, we are currently planning a significant increase in total payout and an increase in our dividend for the capital plan we submit to the Fed in 2017.
We believe BB&T is well positioned to take full advantage of this opportunity because of our capital strength and commitment to serve our clients and communities as we generate long-term benefits for our shareholders.
2016 Annual Report 9
 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio
10.6%
10.3%
9.9%
9.0%
2012
10.7% 10.7%
10.6%
10.3%
BB&T Peers
10.5% 10.2%
            2013 2014
2015 2016
     Tier 1 Ratio
11.7%
10.5%
12.4%
BB&T Peers
      11.8%
12.0% 12.0%
11.7%
11.5%
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
11.8%
         Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence

 10 2016 Annual Report
Our Strategic Objectives
Each year BB&T’s Executive Management team sets our strategic objectives. Like BB&T’s performance, our objectives are consistent year after year and constantly reaffirmed throughout the company. In 2017 the biggest change will be the environment in which we operate.
Financial services companies have been forced to focus internally for much of the last decade, investing tremendous management and financial resources to comply with new regulations spawned by the financial collapse. While some of the regulations have strengthened our industry, increased regulatory and other costs such as health care have had negative consequences in financial services and many industries. Businesses have been reluctant to invest, contributing to sluggish loan demand. Now is the time for banks to get back to focusing on our clients and doing what we do best – growing the economy and creating jobs.
Higher interest rates also will improve banks’ operating environment. Interest rates, the single most important factor affecting our profitability that we cannot control, have been declining for 30 years, squeezing our net interest margin. We believe the two to three additional rate increases we expect in 2017 will stimulate the economy rather than inhibit borrowing because of businesses’ increased confidence after a decade of delaying needed investments.
A stimulated economy could increase domestic growth from the current 2.0% to 2.5% rate to between 3% and 4%, which may seem relatively small but would be a very positive trend that would benefit financial services companies and all segments of society.
Of course while we see tremendous opportunity, there are no guarantees the promised or forecasted “new day” changes will materialize or happen quickly. That’s why BB&T’s consistent strategy, which has served us well in all economic environments, is so important. The following sections demonstrate our steadfast commitment and excellent execution of our objectives.
Provide the Perfect Client Experience by delivering the BB&T Value Promise, to include being empathetic and passionate with our clients enterprise-wide; thereby creating client delight
Delivering the Perfect Client Experience – service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent – is BB&T’s foundation. A driving force behind our success is BB&T’s unique community banking structure. Our leaders in BB&T’s 26 regions understand the markets where they live and work. That allows us to operate on a more personal level with clients, providing them with the kind of attention they expect from a hometown bank. We are as big as our clients need us to be or as small as they want us to be.
A favorite quote by Theodore Roosevelt captures why we stress empathetic and passionate client service: “People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care.” Our clients have exciting opportunities and difficult challenges in their lives, ranging from buying their first homes to the loss of family members. We have a very important responsibility to truly understand our
clients’ needs. We ask questions and listen carefully, and then we use our expertise to help our clients figure out those needs and what BB&T products and services best meet them. We have always followed that consultative approach, talking with our clients rather than to them.
As our clients become more diverse, we have expanded the number of BB&T’s multicultural banking centers, serving African- American, Asian and Latino communities. Our bankers serve more than 650 communities with language and culturally relevant skills, representing 25% of our branches. During 2016, multicultural households grew 12.9%, driving revenue growth of more than 12%. We are equally committed to recruiting diverse associates, who now make up 40% of BB&T’s new hires.
Delighting clients requires teamwork. BB&T associates who do not directly interact with our external clients have their own internal clients, typically those client-facing associates who rely on their information and support. In 2016 we focused on building the framework to create a true enterprise-wide Perfect Client Experience, with all lines of business appointing PCE champions.
We’re proud to be consistently recognized for our superior client service quality. We achieved an overall branch satisfaction score of 9.28 out of 10 in a MaritzCX survey of retail and small business clients. BB&T’s small business and middle-market banking has won 157 Excellence Awards from Greenwich Associates since 2009, more than any other bank with total assets exceeding $50 billion. Our wealth business again was recognized by Barron’s and was the only bank to win four out of four Greenwich Excellence Awards. BB&T Insurance Holdings was named “Wholesale Broker of the Year” by Reactions magazine. Other BB&T businesses winning top rankings include Retirement and Institutional Services, Treasury and Cash Management, and Commercial Banking.
Ensure a strong associate value proposition while focusing on associate engagement and empowerment through the 10 Pillars
To be the best financial institution possible, our associates must do the best possible job serving every external and internal client, every day. That’s a tall order, and it’s why a strong associate value proposition is essential.
Our vision starts with providing a wholesome place where our associates can learn, grow and be fulfilled in their work. For the 15th year in a row, Training magazine ranked BB&T’s associate training program No.1 among large banks and one of the top programs among all companies. BB&T is one of the few companies in any industry to offer both a pension program and an employer-matched 401(k) retirement plan. And we are committed to diversity and inclusion, with five advocacy groups focusing on specific diverse segments of associates.
For the last two years we have worked diligently to build an even stronger value proposition with what we call the 10 Pillars Supporting Strong Associate Engagement. A crucial pillar is our

  “Bank On Your Success has been a tremendous help in teaching our members financial principles so they can leave a legacy for their family members. It truly has been a blessing for us.”
2016 Annual Report 11
 Strengthening the Communities Where We Live and Work
BB&T’s Bank On Your Success program underscores our commitment to share financial knowledge. In 2016 associates from our Multicultural Banking Centers led 950 sessions on topics including Banking Basics, Family Budgeting and Becoming a Homeowner to approximately 19,000 people in community groups ranging from churches to international student associations. Many have no family history of dealing with banks. “We reduce the intimidation level between the participants and us,” says BB&T Multicultural Banking Manager Luis Lobo. The 90-minute, video-based sessions often run long as we field questions such
as how to save for children’s education. Our focus is on developing new trusting relationships, not promoting BB&T products and services. After three sessions at Genesis Baptist Church in Greensboro, N.C., members of the largely African- American congregation approached BB&T to help finance an affordable rental housing project adjacent to the church. To aid residents in ultimately becoming homeowners, they too will take the financial literacy lessons. Market Leader Demetrius Ponder in Greensboro says, “Bank On Your Success is what community banking is all about.”
Pictured left to right Demetrius Ponder Market Leader
BB&T
Rev. Theodore Stevens Genesis Baptist Church
Rev. Dr. Linwood Carver Genesis Baptist Church
Cantey Alexander
Triad Regional President BB&T
Luis Lobo
Multicultural Banking Manager BB&T
Rev. Dr. Linwood Carver,
family life pastor at Genesis Baptist Church
in Greensboro, N.C., on how BB&T’s free financial education workshop helped his congregation

 12 2016 Annual Report
commitment to transparency so BB&T associates understand the
context of our actions.
BB&T is one of the world’s strongest banks because we focus relentlessly on our culture in all communication with associates. BB&T’s strategy and external factors such as interest rates are important but not nearly as important as our culture. A strong culture allows us to effectively put a stake in the ground that helps associates make sound decisions in any environment, including difficult times when people may be tempted to take shortcuts. Honesty and integrity are the foundation of our values because they form the basis of good character, which leads to good judgment and success.
I devote much of my time talking with our associates about three other qualities – happiness, a growth mindset and an enthusiastic, positive attitude. Happiness is at the top of our system of values. We believe being successful – having a big house or a big job, for example – does not inherently lead to happiness. But scientific evidence shows happy people tend to be more successful. We can choose to be happy, just as we can choose to have a “growth mindset” – or believe our capabilities are not fixed but are capable of constant growth. For example, instead of blaming a shortcoming on someone else or our own limitations, we look squarely at what happened and why and how we can improve ourselves. Likewise, research shows choosing to have a positive attitude can lead to better results and have a positive impact on those around us. In 2017 we will launch a video series to start sharing these qualities with our clients and communities through The BB&T Leadership Institute.
Helping our communities is central to our mission and associate value proposition. In partnership with EverFi we have expanded BB&T’s financial education programs to high schools in 15 states and the District of Columbia, and we are planning to expand our leadership development offerings to school principals beyond the Carolinas. In 2016 we contributed money and supplies when Hurricane Matthew devastated many of our communities in the Carolinas. We have also doubled the number of hours available for our associates to volunteer on Lighthouse Project community service projects. Since
The Most Engaged Associates
2009 our associates have volunteered more than 475,000 hours on 9,000 projects – a source of pride for them, and me. It’s the single best thing we’ve done in my 44 years at BB&T.
Drive revenue growth organically through focused execution of Integrated Relationship Management and greater productivity
BB&T is well positioned for accelerated revenue growth. We are hopeful new pro-growth, pro-business policies in Washington will lead to greater investment by businesses and increased consumer confidence, resulting in more robust loan demand. After a deep recession and a shallow recovery during the last eight years, there is a huge amount of pent-up demand among businesses that need to invest in equipment, systems and people. Small business optimism has increased sharply to a 12-year high, according to a recent survey by the National Federation of Independent Business.
At the same time, BB&T’s substantial investment in new markets and capabilities provides excellent opportunities for growth. We focus intently on leveraging those opportunities with organic growth and concerted execution in new and expanded markets ranging from the Mid-Atlantic to Texas, and in national businesses such as corporate banking and insurance.
Completion of our National Penn acquisition in 2016, combined with our earlier Susquehanna acquisition, has lifted BB&T from no presence to a No. 4 market share in the large, diverse state of Pennsylvania. Our community bankers in Pennsylvania, who have extensive understanding of their communities, are combining their superior service and local knowledge with the expanded resources of one of the strongest financial institutions in the country. In Philadelphia, BB&T brings corporate banking and other capabilities of the nation’s eighth-largest bank to help medium-size and larger businesses, furthering long-standing relationships forged by our new associates from National Penn and Susquehanna.
BB&T also has been well received in Cincinnati, another corporate- rich market we entered in 2015 as part of our acquisition of The Bank
 BB&T Associate Engagement
I am motivated to put forth extra effort in my job I would recommend BB&T as an employer I am proud to work for BB&T I rarely consider looking for a job outside of BB&T Overall, I am very satisfied working at BB&T
BB&T Overall Engagement Score: 78%
    43
44
40
40
11
5
   40
41
13
5
   12
3
     32
32
17
14
5
   33
44
14
7
  2 2 1
2
       Strongly Agree Agree Neither Agree nor Disagree
Disagree
Strongly Disagree
Industry Norm: 64%*
     *PwC’s 2015 Employee Engagement Landscape Study

   Matthew Walzer,
in a letter to the Nike CEO that resulted in newfound independence for him and millions of others
“My dream is to go to the college of my choice without having to worry about someone coming to tie my shoes every day.”
Overcoming Obstacles with a “Growth Mindset”
Matthew Walzer exemplifies a “growth mindset” – a key tenet of associate training that challenges us to overcome obstacles, no matter what it takes. The son of Howard Walzer of BB&T’s Scott & Stringfellow in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Matthew was born with cerebral palsy. Doctors said he would never walk, but “he’s proven every doctor wrong,” says Howard. By age 16 Matthew could do most things his friends could, except one task that was a daily frustration: tying his shoes. So he wrote a letter to the CEO of Nike, Inc., asking if the company
Pictured left to right Jason Brewer Market President
Lee & Charlotte Counties BB&T
could design a sneaker without laces, not only for him but for millions of others facing physical challenges. Within three days, Nike said yes. Three years later, after Nike’s top designer frequently consulted with Matthew and sent him countless prototypes, Nike introduced the FlyEase, a sneaker with a wrap- around zipper design. Today Matthew is a junior at Florida Gulf Coast University who puts on his own shoes every morning. Now he’s helping Nike come up with the next innovation. His advice: “Don’t listen to naysayers. Just persevere.”
Howard Walzer
Financial Advisor
BB&T Scott and Stringfellow
Matthew Walzer
Student
Florida Gulf Coast University
2016 Annual Report 13

 14 2016 Annual Report
of Kentucky. As in North Carolina and Virginia, we anticipate filling in market gaps in the contiguous markets of Ohio and Kentucky with organic growth.
We’re also gaining momentum in Texas, where we’ve steadily increased our market share, advancing from No. 53 to No.15 since we entered the state in 2009. Despite some softness in the energy sector, where BB&T has little exposure, Texas’ strong job market continues to attract new residents at the rate of 1,000 people per day. Florida is another attractive growth state, and our new Mid- Atlantic markets will help us attract “snowbird” clients who travel to and from Florida and prefer to maintain a relationship with one bank.
BB&T complements our diverse banking markets with an array of national-scope businesses that produce balanced growth with more than half our revenue. As part of our consultative relationship with our clients, BB&T’s internal referral program, Integrated Relationship Management, helps us match their banking and non-banking needs with our products and services.
For example, insurance is BB&T’s largest nonbanking business, contributing 16% of our revenue in 2016. Like BB&T, our insurance business is highly diversified, with about 53% wholesale and 47% retail. It also integrates perfectly with our other businesses – life insurance with wealth, property and casualty insurance with commercial and industrial lending, and auto insurance with our
Premier Model for Community Banking & Diverse National Businesses
BB&T Retail Financial Centers (2,196 Locations)
North Carolina (352) Virginia (344) Florida (318) Pennsylvania (262)
BB&T Financial Services Locations
BB&T Corporate Location
BB&T Insurance
Wealth
BB&T Scott & Stringfellow Regional Acceptance Corporation
Maryland (165) Georgia (155)
Texas (124)
South Carolina (111)
BB&T Dealer Financial Services Grandbridge Real Estate Capital BB&T Capital Markets*
BB&T Equipment Finance Retirement & Institutional Services
Kentucky (110) Alabama (84) West Virginia (73) Tennessee (48)
Corporate Banking AFCO/CAFO/Prime Rate Sterling Capital
BB&T Governmental Finance Sheffield Financial
New Jersey (33) Washington D.C. (13) Indiana (2)
Ohio (2)
BB&T Commercial Equipment Capital Recreational Lending
BB&T Corporate Headquarters
*Includes BB&T Securities

 retail clients. We also anticipate both improved industry pricing and increased revenue as companies insure more trucks, buildings and other property. In 2016 we further enhanced the capacity of BB&T Insurance, already the fifth-largest U.S. insurance broker by revenue, with the completion of our second-largest insurance acquisition – Swett & Crawford, a century-old wholesale broker with a strong and talented team of industry specialists.
Increased business investment also will benefit our national Capital Markets Corporate Banking group, which has been adding products and capabilities to pursue opportunities as several major lenders pulled back from the business in the last decade. For example, BB&T is in position to provide financing to help communities build sorely needed infrastructure projects. In 2016 we refocused our business model to further grow the debt capital markets, capital markets advisory, mergers and acquisitions, and private client advisory platforms when we exited the slower-growing institutional equity side of our capital markets business.
BB&T’s wealth business, serving mainly smaller and middle-market commercial clients, also is an excellent strategic fit with our other businesses and a huge revenue opportunity, growing by 22% in 2016. U.S. affluent and wealth households have grown 30% since 2010, according to Boston Consulting. Other promising businesses with expanded capacity include small business lending; premium finance; specialized lending; dealer financial services, including the acquisition in 2016 of several auto portfolios totaling more than $3 billion; and BB&T Scott & Stringfellow, our brokerage business, which added offices in Pinehurst, N.C., and King of Prussia, Pa. While faster economic growth and higher rates will certainly be welcome for many of our businesses, BB&T will prosper in any operating environment because of our diversified geography, our products and services, our productivity and adaptability, and our strict adherence to BB&T’s standards and values.
Optimize the risk management framework with greater emphasis on efficiency and effectiveness of controls
Disciplined risk management is one of the primary reasons for BB&T’s continued success. Without it we would not have been able to grow
Average Noninterest-bearing Deposit Growth vs. Peers
2016 Annual Report 15 through acquisitions, because regulators look closely at acquirers to
be sure they have a solid risk culture.
During the last several years we have made a significant investment in people and systems to integrate risk parameters into our operational processes. BB&T’s best-in-class risk governance framework, including new general ledger and commercial loan systems and a state-of- the-art data center, has markedly increased the efficiency and effectiveness of our controls.
I constantly stress with BB&T associates that we are all risk managers, starting with me and extending throughout the organization. Prudent risk-taking is one of the most important of our 10 Pillars Supporting Strong Associate Engagement. It is essential for everyone to understand the risk in our business and how that risk affects other parts of the company, and to take it very seriously.
We simply do not make loans outside our risk appetite. We have strict guidelines on individual exposures and portfolio concentrations and follow a diversified, granular approach rather than participating in very large credits. We don’t make highly leveraged loans. We are very conservative when we see signs of overheating industry segments, as we are seeing in the multifamily and hospitality segments of commercial real estate. In the energy industry, we limit our exposure in riskier oil field services.
We pride ourselves in our superior credit quality measures, such as our No. 1 ranking among peers in nonperforming assets as a percentage of loan-related assets. Frankly, we could be growing faster but have found the risk-adjusted return on loans made by some competitors simply unacceptable. We are not going to overextend. That is not who we are and not something we are going to allow to happen.
Effectively implement proposed cost savings to make targeted investments to improve profitability, earnings and shareholder returns
Aggressively managing expenses has a huge impact on BB&T’s earnings and stock price. The benefits extend well beyond one
 2016 vs. 2015
 16.5%
 15.0%
 7.4%
BB&T
Peers
Peer Average
   10.4%
   6.1%
5.9%
   5.2%
5.1%
4.9%
 3.9%
 3.1%
   Peer1 BBT Peer2 Peer3 Peer4 Peer5 Average Peer6 Peer7 Peer8 Peer9 Peer10 Peer11 Peer12
2.5%
2.2% 2.0%
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence Includes the impact of acquisitions

 16 2016 Annual Report
quarter or one year. Companies that consistently control costs and operate more efficiently are superior, long-term performers and will be the survivors in a consolidating industry.
Some companies manage expenses with top-down edicts to slash costs with across-the-board cuts. That approach can lead to anxiety and lower morale. Instead, we believe BB&T associates closest to the business know best how to operate more efficiently and effectively. We challenge and empower our associates to figure out better and more creative ways to run their businesses.
For example, we asked associates to look back 20 years at the structure of their business and examine anything we’re doing now that we weren’t doing then. Processes and costs that have crept into their business, usually during good economic times, become suspect if they’re not benefitting the business or being mandated by regulations. Sometimes that exercise requires cuts. Other times it results in reconceptualizing the way we operate the business, such as exploring greater automation in back offices, evaluating our branch structure or reexamining our relationships with BB&T vendors to achieve better contracts and performance. Taking a fresh look also helps us identify revenue opportunities, such as investing in same- day payment capacity on our digital banking platform.
We also concentrate on achieving the synergies and cost savings from our recent acquisitions, including Susquehanna, National Penn and Swett & Crawford. We estimated we could realize approximately $250 million in annual savings from the cost structures of these merger partners, and we successfully achieved this goal.
After making significant investments in the past several years, we see a huge opportunity to achieve more cost savings and efficiencies. Much like our emphasis on organic growth, capitalizing on this opportunity is a primary focus for BB&T.
Accelerate BB&T’s digital transformation to better position the organization to meet the evolving needs and expectations of our clients and associates efficiently and effectively
The digital landscape is changing rapidly. BB&T’s delivery of services is changing just as quickly to ensure we meet our clients’ needs where they are, and when they want us to be there. When we started our digital transformation several years ago, we asked two important questions: As our clients’ needs evolve, are we positioned to deliver the right digital tools at the right time? And, do we have the right structure in place to succeed?
Our digital journey took us around the world to see firsthand the best practices of financial institutions overseas that pioneered digital banking. One important lesson: while cutting-edge, front-end
technology is essential, having advanced backroom infrastructure to support that technology is just as crucial.
Our digital banking platform, U by BB&T, has been enthusiastically embraced by our clients and praised by independent reviewers. After U’s first year, our mobile transactions have increased by 27%. Javelin Strategy & Research has ranked its functionality a mobile banking leader among the nation’s top financial institutions.
U combines the best of standard digital banking features, including bill pay and mobile check deposit, with innovative capabilities such as receiving and storing receipts from purchases (aiding in tax preparation and reducing the hassle of returning merchandise) and scheduling in-person appointments with BB&T bankers (eliminating waits and preparing us to answer your questions quickly). Like digital technology, U also is constantly changing, thanks to a design that allows us to quickly modify, add or subtract features. In 2016 we launched a feature offering free credit scores to all our clients. In 2017 we will introduce a nearly instantaneous person-to-person payment feature, eliminating the typical several-day delay.
Increasing digitization affects all parts of our business, and we are focused on this transformation at the highest levels of BB&T, with key new responsibilities on our Executive Management team. Chief Client Experience Officer Dontá L. Wilson joins Chief Digital Officer W. Bennett Bradley in understanding our clients’ changing needs and expectations. Barbara Duck assumed the role of chief information officer, responsible for digital development within the company so we deliver those services efficiently and effectively. Donna Goodrich is leading our deposit, payment and operational initiatives. These talented and team-oriented leaders reflect our recognition that technology and business need to interact more seamlessly than ever.
BB&T’s digital transformation is the latest response to our clients’ ever-changing desire for greater convenience in the way transactions are handled, following earlier industry moves to drive-thru banking, ATMs and debit cards. The number of our clients embracing digital banking is growing rapidly, but BB&T’s branches will continue to play an important though changing role. Research shows bank clients – including the millennial generation, those 18- to 34-year-olds who make up the nation’s largest demographic group – still want a nearby branch, particularly for more complex transactions. While the number of branches will continue to decline slowly, we also expect positive changes in their appearance and role, such as fewer teller lines and associates who are capable of handling a broader array of services.
What has not changed, and never will, is the relationship of trust between our associates and clients. Our commitment to provide BB&T’s Perfect Client Experience, regardless of how it is delivered, will never waver.

  Forming Innovative Teams to Stay Ahead
in a Fast-Moving Marketplace
Teamwork, one of BB&T’s core values, was never more important than when we developed our primary digital banking platform, U by BB&T. When we’ve introduced digital and other products in the past, BB&T’s departments often worked separately, completing and perfecting tasks in sequence, from designing and computer coding to testing and marketing. While that methodology produces excellent results, it can take up to several years – too long for the rapidly changing digital marketplace. For U, all departments worked simultaneously, forming cross-functional, multiskilled teams that broke larger tasks into smaller pieces, which were completed quickly. Within three months, the first iteration was ready for testing. Then, we kept refining U based on feedback from users. In 2016 we created a diverse and representative group of 2,000 BB&T clients to give us continuous guidance, frequently in clients’ homes where we observe and learn as they conduct banking business online. This agile approach, widely used by Silicon Valley companies to get products to market quickly, will continue to help us meet our clients’ changing needs.
“To deliver the best digital banking experience to our clients, and to do it quickly, we knew we had to change the way we’ve always done things.”
2016 Annual Report 17
 Teresa Rose,
Director of Digital Services at BB&T, on how a more agile approach accelerated development of U by BB&T

 18 2016 Annual Report
Thank You
BB&T is positioned for the future in large part because of the depth of our leadership, a reflection of our longstanding commitment to the development of our associates.
Changes announced in 2016 underscore that strength. As mentioned earlier, Chris Henson was promoted to president in addition to his role as chief operating officer. He started his distinguished 32-year BB&T career by completing our Leadership Development Program in 1985, and then went on to lead many of BB&T’s core businesses. He was named to BB&T’s Executive Management team in 2004, assumed the role of chief financial officer in 2005 and was appointed chief operating officer in 2009. A native of Boone, N.C., Chris graduated from High Point University and executive leadership programs at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Duke University.
We also added three outstanding leaders with proven track records to our Executive Management team, which sets policy and direction for BB&T. Jim D. Godwin is deputy chief risk officer, responsible for supporting Chief Risk Officer Clarke R. Starnes as we build on BB&T’s commitment to long-term strength and stability. Brant J. Standridge will support our successful diversification strategy, leading the array of businesses in our specialized lending and dealer financial services segments. Dontá L. Wilson, in his new role as chief client experience officer, will champion and enhance BB&T’s enterprise sales and client service performance, responsible for corporate marketing; brand advertising; social media strategy; corporate communications; Community Reinvestment Act and community development; and multicultural banking. Jim, Brant and Dontá, all in their 40s, bring both youth and experience, each with nearly two decades of banking leadership.
An organization’s leadership must continue to evolve and expand. While I expect to remain chairman and CEO for the foreseeable future, BB&T is well prepared for whatever lies ahead with our Executive Management team averaging 24 years of tenure and a proven succession plan in place.
We owe an enormous thank you to three BB&T leaders who retired in 2016: Ricky K. Brown, who developed and executed our unique client relationship culture during a 40-year career of making incredibly important contributions to every major initiative; Steven B. Wiggs, who led the marketing and lending group divisions during 37 years at BB&T; and Cynthia A. Williams, whose dedication to shaping our steady voice helped BB&T weather the financial crisis and set the right tone for the future.
I also want to express my deepest appreciation to Edward Milligan and Edwin Welch, who retired from our board of directors at year end. Ed Milligan, retired chairman of Main Street Banks in Marietta,
Ga., and Dr. Welch, president of the University of Charleston in Charleston, W.Va., provided wise counsel that was invaluable in guiding BB&T’s success.
BB&T has prospered and become even stronger despite the last eight years of difficult economic conditions and industry challenges for banking. Only time will tell what happens in the next few years, but we have a new day of tremendous opportunity to make a positive difference in the lives of those we serve.
My confidence and optimism are based most deeply on BB&T’s culture – our vision, mission and values. They define who we are. BB&T can be “the best of the best” because every single one of us is doing the best job we can serving every client, every single day.
Consider the example of Alisha Martin, a market leader in our Central Florida region. After Alisha was nearly killed in an auto accident in 2007, doctors told her she would never walk again or have children. She refused
to accept that future for her life. Alisha endured 17 surgeries, refused to accept a lifetime on pain- killing medications and never stopped working to get better. Today, Alisha exercises every day and she and her husband are proud parents of a 3-year-old son. She told me something I’ll never forget: “Every morning when I get up and put my feet on the floor, I’m excited to be able to walk and go to work.”
Alisha Martin Market Leader Lakeland, Fla.
 We all occasionally get discouraged or moan and groan about going to work, but Alisha is a powerful example of what it takes to truly succeed and be happy. We can make a positive, meaningful difference in the lives of our clients and everyone around us when we always look on the bright side, with a growth mindset and an enthusiastic, positive attitude.
We live in the best country in the world, a land of hope and opportunity. We are fortunate to have a company that has been helping our clients and communities for 145 years. Working together, with the continued support of our associates and shareholders, I am more convinced than ever that BB&T’s best days are ahead!
Kelly S. King, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2017
     