2012 Annual Report

KELLY S. KING
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Guided by consistent values, BB&T has powered through economic and regulatory headwinds with a laser focus on growth opportunities created by long-standing relationships of trust with our clients, associates, communities and shareholders. At a time when the nation's economy remains uncertain and our leaders in Washington are divided and indecisive, we have a choice between complaining or turning our attention to things we can control. At BB&T, we choose the latter. We are seizing opportunities to increase the value of our banking and nonbanking businesses with revenue-generating initiatives that will assure BB&T's prosperity in any economic environment. Our opportunities are many and diverse. In Texas, we are building on our Colonial acquisition with 30 new branches to
2

take advantage of commercial loan opportunities in four of the nation's most vibrant markets ­ Dallas, Houston, Austin and San Antonio. In South Florida, the BankAtlantic acquisition completed in 2012 doubled our size and bulked up our market share of the rich, multicultural Miami area market. We are aggressively expanding our wealth business so we are positioned to help baby boomers manage their financial assets, which we believe will remain one of the most lucrative retail opportunities for several decades. BB&T Insurance, our largest national-scale, non-banking business, is now the nation's largest independent wholesale distributor of life insurance (and No. 2 in wholesale property and casualty insurance) after our 2012 acquisition of the Crump Group. We are expanding our corporate banking business, also national in scale, to build partnerships with large middlemarket and other companies seeking our capital and counsel

as they navigate an uncertain economy. Our mortgage banking business generated record revenues in 2012 with the boom in refinancings, and is positioned to continue bolstering our fee income as the home-purchase market recovers. A diverse group of other non-traditional, national businesses add to the revenue mix, ranging from AFCO/CAFO/Prime Rate insurance premium finance and Grandbridge Real Estate Capital commercial real estate mortgage to our commercial leasing business and Sheffield Financial power and sports equipment finance. Our revenue is balanced between our national, non-banking businesses and our community bank regions centered in the fast-growing Southeast and Mid-Atlantic markets. We have built strong market shares in those banking states and are benefiting from long-term in-migration driven by economic opportunity, lifestyle advantages and warm weather. BB&T's community bank structure offers a key competitive advantage by encouraging our bankers to make most decisions locally while also offering clients the diverse products and efficiency of the nation's sixth-largest branch network. To gauge the power of BB&T's multi-cylinder revenue engine, consider this: Over the last five turbulent years, our adjusted revenue increased by 32% while the median of our peer group was 7%. None of this would be possible without BB&T's value proposition, which delivers the absolute best ser vice qua lity in the marketplace. Independent surveys of our key lines of business consistently rank BB&T at the top of the industry. We rank No. 1 among our in-market peers in overall satisfaction in Maritz Research's survey of retail clients. For an unprecedented third consecutive year, BB&T ranked highest among primary U.S. mortgage servicing companies by J.D. Power and Associates. BB&T's website ranked first for best client experience in online banking in Keynote's 2012 Competitive Study, and the list goes on. While we appreciate the accolades, we recognize that they last only as long as we deliver an equally strong value proposition to our associates who take such good care of our clients. That's why we devote so much attention to building trusting relationships with our associates, based on our long-held values. Behind the values is the simple but powerful premise that strong character and judgment lead to success and, most importantly, happiness ­ a sense of self-esteem and pride in our work. We do not take any of this for granted. In a recent anonymous survey of associates, BB&T scored higher in virtually every category than a year earlier. One finding that I am most proud of: 92% of our associates ­ up 2 percentage points ­ say they

are proud to work at BB&T. While this is an extraordinary testament to the commitment and passion of our associates, we will not be satisfied until we reach 100%. Thanks largely to our associates, BB&T never loses sight of our commitment to help the communities where we live and work. During times of economic hardship over the last five years, our associates have touched the lives of more than 6.7 million people in need with more than 4,400 community service projects as part of our Lighthouse Project. These challenging years have been a powerful reminder that, first and foremost, our clients expect and deserve safety and security in their bank. We are proud that BB&T has emerged from this period stronger than ever with capital levels well exceeding regulatory requirements. That strength gives us the flexibility to meet our bottom-line commitment: optimizing the long-term return to our shareholders by seizing organic growth opportunities and paying stable, growing dividends ­ BB&T's top two priorities in deploying our capital. In addition, we have made major investments in building even stronger risk management systems while aggressively reducing our problem assets, now at the lowest levels since the beginning of the "Great Recession." Another imperative in our still-sluggish economy is tightly controlling costs. BB&T continues to outperform our peers in efficiency measures. At the same time, we have avoided the large layoffs suffered by other banks, and in fact have been selectively hiring new associates to take advantage of growth opportunities in Texas and elsewhere. While we believe our strategy positions BB&T to outperform our peers regardless of the economic environment, we must remain vigilant in a global economy that remains fragile and an interest-rate environment that is squeezing net interest margins. My biggest concern is businesses remain reluctant to borrow and invest because of uncertainty and indecision about important fiscal issues by our nation's political leaders. Moreover, the decisions Congress has made in response to excess leveraging and other abuses by some Wall Street banks and mortgage lenders have hamstrung Main Street banks, including BB&T, which avoided the excesses. We do need to learn from and remedy our mistakes ­ and we have with sensible regulations such as limiting "too big to fail" and requiring stronger capital and liquidity, while market forces have punished the worst violators. But we need to be careful about overreaction and creating so many regulatory constraints that we hamstring businesses and restrict their ability to take risk and earn a just reward.

2012 Annual Report

We are seizing opportunities to increase the value of our banking and non-banking businesses with revenue-generating initiatives that will assure BB&T's prosperity in any economic environment.

3

Value Proposition Drives Revenue Growth
Revenue Mix
Community Banking

Revenue Growth through the Cycle
YTD 2012 vs. YTD 2007

14%

Insurance Services Financial Services Residential Mortgage Banking Specialized Lending

13% 47% 8% 6% 12%

Dealer Financial Services

Based on segment revenues, excluding other, treasury and corporate for 4Q12.

Adjusted to exclude the impact of large acquisitions for BB&T and peers and selected one-time items.

Unfor tunately, excessive reg ulation is sy mptomatic of a disturbing trend in Washington. I believe we are at a pivotal point in our country. While we have been successful for more than 200 years, we clearly have lost our way. We have become comfortable living beyond our means. As a country, we are currently spending $1.3 trillion more than we have in income. We have run up a debt of more than $16 trillion. This is not sustainable! At the same time, we have created too many government entitlement programs that tend, over time, to allow our citizens to become dependent on government support. At BB&T, we believe we should have support programs to help those who have temporary difficulties in life, including those who have lost their jobs during the downturn, but we cannot afford for them to become permanent crutches. We also should provide long-term support for those who are permanently disadvantaged and cannot help themselves. On the other hand, those who can work, must! As a country, we cannot afford to provide more and more government benefits for those who refuse to work and save for themselves. From a long-term perspective, too much support kills the drive, motivation and self-esteem that come from having to take care of ourselves. We all need a purpose in life that we can be passionate about. Happiness in life comes from having productive work (purpose) that allows us to feel good about ourselves (self-esteem) because we earned it. Furthermore, all of these social programs come with a hidden or implicit cost. As government provides "help," it also requires us to follow excessive rules. We need to remember that America was founded

by people who were fleeing from the tyranny of big government in Europe. Our forefathers came here looking for freedom ­ for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That has worked very well for a long time, but now we are strangling freedom with big government rules, bureaucracy and, of course, taxes. We are slowly "killing the Golden Goose." When you take away people's ability to prosper by working hard and seizing opportunities, you take away their hope. Without hope, people are no longer motivated to do their best. And when this happens, we as a country stop believing we can prosper and each generation can continue to do better. We must not let this happen. We need to recast the vision for our nation: We can and will return to the principles on which our great country was founded. We will continue to be the land of opportunity and hope. With positive inspirational and visionary leadership by our governmental and business leaders, our best days as a nation are ahead! I also remain very optimistic about the banking industry and BB&T. It's easy to get so caught up in negatives ­ worries about the economy or partisan paralysis in Washington ­ that we miss the bigger picture. That picture shows continuing and long-term positive fundamentals for financial services, still very much a growth industry. And within that picture, BB&T stands at the forefront with our growing and diverse clients, revenues and markets.

2012 Annual Report

With positive inspirational and visionary leadership by our governmental and business leaders, our best days as a nation are ahead!

4

Consistent Long-Term Earnings Power
Pre-Tax Pre-Credit Earnings

As originally reported 15-year compound annual growth rate 13.3%

Excludes foreclosed property expense, provision for loan and lease losses, and securities gains (losses).

2012 RESULTS
BB&T had an outstanding year in 2012. We achieved record net income available to common shareholders and strong growth in noninterest income, led by record performances in mortgage banking, insurance and investment banking and brokerage. We continued to produce broad-based improvement in credit quality. We sustained balanced and broad-based loan growth despite a still-slow economy and improved the growth, mix and cost of our deposits. Our net interest margin remained strong, and we held noninterest expenses essentially flat while successfully completing our BankAtlantic and Crump Group acquisitions. With increasing and diverse sources of revenue, we believe BB&T is positioned for another high-performance year in 2013. Net income available to common shareholders for 2012 increased by 49% from 2011 to $1.9 billion. Earnings per diluted common share totaled $2.70, compared with $1.83 earned in 2011, an increase of 48%. Total revenues increased 12.0% to $9.8 billion in 2012 compared with 2011. Average loans and leases increased by 7.3% in 2012 over 2011, exceeding the 6.1% average growth of our peer group. Commercial and industrial, direct retail and residential mortgage loans led BB&T's broad-based growth. We are encouraged by increasing loan production from our Community Bank, up 26% over last year, with strong gains in our newer Florida, Texas and Alabama markets added through the Colonial acquisition. Although many of those commitments are not funded yet, we believe production is a good indicator of future growth if there is a pickup in momentum in the economy. Our average deposit growth of 13.6% outpaced all of our peers, which had an average growth rate of 6.9%. We were particularly pleased that BB&T's average noninterest-bearing deposits grew by 26.1% for the year, showing the success of our strategy to change our deposit mix with lower deposit costs. We anticipate more modest deposit growth in the first quarter of 2013 with continued improvement in deposit costs.

BB&T's credit-quality measures also continued to improve. Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of average assets decreased each quarter in 2012 to 0.85% at year end excluding covered assets, the lowest level since the second quarter of 2008 and superior to the 1.08% average of BB&T's peers. We expect continued improvement at a modest pace in the first quarter of 2013, assuming no significant deterioration in the economy. Net charge-offs, excluding covered loans, also improved each quarter of 2012 to 1.04% in the fourth quarter, a four-year low. In the first quarter of 2013, we anticipate net charge-offs to approximate 1.00% of average loans, and trend lower during the year. In addition, our foreclosed real estate balance has fallen to a five-year low. BB&T's fully taxable equivalent net interest income totaled $6.0 billion in 2012, a 6.2% increase from 2011. Our net interest margin remained strong at 3.91% for 2012, comparing favorably with the 3.45% average of our peers. We do expect the marg in to decline somewhat in 2013. Improvement in BB&T's deposit mix is being offset by continued pressure on our asset yields from the very low interest-rate environment and anticipated runoff of covered assets acquired as part of the Colonial transaction. The net interest margin, key to a bank's profitability, is the difference between the interest received on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and other funding, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. Our noninterest income totaled $3.8 billion, a 22.7% increase over 2011. Insurance income benefited from a somewhat stronger pricing market and the acquisition of Crump Group. Mortgage banking income increased with higher ga ins on residential mortgage production and sales. Investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions grew because of improved financial market conditions. BB&T's fee income ratio improved to 42.5% for the year, up from 39.7% for 2011 and compared favorably with our peer average of 38.0%. The ratio reflects our continued success in diversifying our sources of revenue.

2012 Annual Report

5

SHAREHOLDERS

"BB&T's commitment to dividends shows management is more concerned about their shareholders' well-being than just running a business."
FRANK FALGIANO
Owner, CEFCO Enterprises, Woodbridge, Virginia

As a buyer and seller of foreign coins, Frank Falgiano regularly does business with 20 banks around the world. He is also an active investor, preferring companies where he can keep a close eye on how they operate. As a client and as a shareholder, his hands-down favorite is BB&T and the Woodbridge, Virginia, branch that is four minutes from his home. During visits several times a week, he freely shares his opinion of BB&T with associates and clients in the lobby, many of them small business owners like himself. "He has a big booming voice and is very friendly," says Woodbridge Financial Center Leader Monica Lewallen. "He's a great advocate to spread the good word about us and our stock." A retired Air Force lieutenant colonel, Frank started as a First Virginia shareholder in 1985 and has continued to accumulate shares in BB&T after the 2003 acquisition of First Virginia. He likes the steady dividend, straightforward communication, the way BB&T retained great associates like Monica from First Virginia, and how Monica and her colleagues all know his name, support local businesses, promptly answer his questions, value his time ­ and have a positive approach to their business and his.
Left to right: Michael Pybus, Senior Vice President, Area Executive, BB&T; Don Strehle, Regional President, Northern Virginia, BB&T; Dedrey Yowe, Relationship Banker, BB&T; Frank Falgiano, Owner, CEFCO Enterprises; Monica Lewallen, Assistant Vice President, Financial Center Leader, BB&T. Seated in background: Kimone Campbell, Teller Supervisor, BB&T

Shareholder Return

Depicts $100 invested at 12/31/95 and held through 12/31/12 with dividends reinvested in the security or index.

BB&T

S&P Commercial Banks

S&P 500 Index

Peer Average

We held noninterest expenses basically f lat at $5.8 billion in 2012. Increases in production-related incentives and commissions were offset in part by decreases in foreclosed property expenses, which were at the lowest level since the third quarter of 2007. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect lower noninterest expenses, driven by decreases in production-related incentives and professional services, with essentially f lat discretionary spending and full-time equivalent employment. BB&T's return on average assets improved to 1.14% in 2012 from 0.82% in 2011, while return on average common shareholders' equity increased to 10.4% from 7.5%. Both measures are superior to our peer average. We also continue to outperform our peers in pre-tax, pre-credit earnings, which we believe is an important measure of a bank's consistent long-term earnings power. Over the last 15 years, the compound annual growth rate of BB&T's pre-tax, pre-credit earnings is 13.3%. Overall, we believe our 2012 results reflect the excellent progress BB&T has made with our diversification strategy over the last several years as we work to return to normalized profitability.

years. But unlike some of our peers that realized outsized gains mainly because their shares were recovering from very poor performances in prior years, we believe investors recognize the value of BB&T's well-defined and consistent strategies and our proven ability to execute them. Our long-term and consistent approach also is reflected in our dividend strategy. BB&T has paid a cash dividend every year since 1903. We became the first of the largest banks to announce an increase in our dividend in 2011, and our current dividend yield of approximately 3.00% is among the strongest in the banking industry. We have a special obligation to our shareholders because, unlike many big banks with large majorities of institutional investors, nearly half of BB&T's shareholders are individuals who depend on our returns and dividends. We are committed to a robust dividend payout going forward. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we earned $0.71 per diluted common share and paid out $0.20 per share, or a 28% payout. In January 2013, when BB&T declared our first quarter dividend, we increased the amount to $0.23 a share, which is consistent with the 2012 capital plan that BB&T submitted to the Federal Reserve last year. My pledge to shareholders is to continue to manage BB&T for the long term so we are able to consistently increase our earnings and, in turn, reward our shareholders with a safe and sound investment that pays superior long-term returns and dividends.

2012 Annual Report

OUR STOCK PERFORMANCE
Our ultimate responsibility is to optimize the long-term return to our shareholders, while providing a safe and sound investment. We meet that responsibility by managing BB&T for the long-term, rather than chasing the latest investment vehicle to boost short-term earnings. Consider, for example, our 20-year annualized total return to shareholders, which includes net stock price change plus dividends paid. BB&T's return was 9.2%, compared with the 5.4% average of our peers. A $100 investment in BB&T shares in 1995 was worth $392 on December 31, 2012, significantly better than the S&P 500 as well as our in-market peers. In 2012, BB&T's total return to shareholders was 18.4%. In part, our shares benefited from the appreciation of most bank stocks as investors began to assign more reasonable valuations following the financial-market crisis of the last five

OUR CAPITAL STRENGTH
BB&T continues to be one of the strongest capita lized institutions in the banking industry. Our capital strength gives BB&T the financial strength to take advantage of opportunities that are in the best interest of our shareholders, including continuing our proactive dividend strategy. Our capital levels ­ the margin by which creditors are covered if a bank's assets are liquidated ­ well exceed regulatory requirements. Those levels include the impact of our Crump Group and BankAtlantic acquisitions and the early redemption of trust preferred securities in 2012. Moreover, even though
7

BB&T Among Leaders in Dividend Yield
Current Dividend Yield of Stress-Tested Banks

Source: Thomson Reuters

U.S. and international reg ulators have postponed more stringent requirements on bank capital and liquidity, we are very comfortable with our capital levels under those proposed requirements. We estimate BB&T's Tier 1 common, a measure of tangible common equity and the ratio that regulators watch most closely, at 7.9% under the proposed U.S. capital rules. Under the proposed Basel III international capital rules ­ established by a group of the world's top regulators and central bankers ­ we estimate BB&T's Tier I common at 9.0%. Neither ratio includes mitigating actions that we will take to improve our capital ratios. BB&T has submitted to the Federal Reserve our capital plans for the Fed's 2013 Comprehensive Capital Analysis a nd R ev iew, desig ned to ensure ba nks ca n meet their capital requirements in various challenging hypothetical economic scenarios that are more adverse than actually expected. While there are no guarantees, we believe BB&T will exceed all requirements, as we have for the last two years after these "stress tests" were introduced in response to the financial-markets crisis. Consistent with BB&T's shareholder-friendly philosophy for capital deployment, our first priority is to fund organic growth, as we are doing in 2013 with our expansion in Texas. We believe strong organic growth provides the highest return and is in our shareholders' best long-term interest. Our second priority is paying long-term, stable and growing dividends to our shareholders. Strategic acquisitions such as BankAtlantic and Crump that add to earnings are BB&T's third priority. A fourth priority is repurchasing BB&T shares. We believe repurchases make sense only if the economy impedes organic growth opportunities, if acquisitions are not reasonably priced ­ and if the internal rate of return is superior to other options.
2012 Annual Report

OUR KEY STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES FOR 2013
A core BB&T value is recognizing reality, so we cannot ignore that challenges remain for our nation and industry. U.S. economic growth is still slow, hampered by lingering uncertainty about whether our political leaders can reach agreement on pressing fiscal issues. As a result of indecision in Washington, businesses are avoiding investments until they have a clearer picture about the economy and taxes ­ coupled with nervousness about higher regulatory and healthcare costs. Artificially low interest rates are constraining banks' net interest margins, a key driver of profitability. Those concerns are compounded by the banking industry's higher regulatory costs and intense competition. At BB&T, however, we believe our long-term strategy ­ and proven ability to consistently execute on that strategy ­ position us to continue to prosper and outperform our peers regardless of external challenges. For many years, we have invested in diversifying our assets and markets to create stable revenue and earnings, which in turn creates stable dividends and share prices for our shareholders. Those strategies now are paying off even in an economy with slow to moderate real Gross Domestic Product growth. In addition, we are reasonably optimistic that ultimately we will see some positive leadership from Washington and at least a modest agreement on fiscal issues. If that happens, we believe the economy will gain momentum and businesses that have delayed borrowing and spending for five years will start to fund needed investments. In that scenario, BB&T's strategies will propel us to even better performance for our shareholders. The industry consolidation that we have long predicted has been slower than anticipated. During the financial-markets crisis, banks were reluctant to sell because of depressed share prices. At the same time, regulators and even some former advocates of mammoth financial services conglomerates are having second thoughts about the benefits of bigness for bigness' sake. Moreover, many of today's potential sellers are asking for prices

8

Industry Leading Client Satisfaction
Overall Bank Satisfaction Likelihood to Recommend

"Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Mortgage Servicing Companies, Three Years in a Row."

From Maritz Research 2012 Retail Client Satisfaction and Loyalty Survey, represents percentage of "top box" scores, indicating a 9 or 10 rating on a 10-point scale. Peers include Bank of America, PNC/RBC, Regions, SunTrust and Wells Fargo.

Branch Banking and Trust received the highest numerical score among mortgage servicers in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Primary Mortgage Servicer StudySM. Study based on responses from 5,923 consumers measuring 25 companies and measures the satisfaction of consumers with their current mortgage servicer. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in April-May 2012. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.

that we are not willing to pay. But we are also not willing to wait on others' business plans. We are moving ahead with our own strategies. At the same time, we have the strength and discipline to watch for the right opportunities to enhance our market share in our banking states, including Texas, and in our related financial businesses with select strategic acquisitions that meet our rigorous criteria. We believe the key to maximizing our probability of being both independent and prosperous over the long term is to create a superior earnings-per-share growth rate without sacrificing the fundamental quality and long-term competitiveness of our business, nor taking unreasonable risk. For 2013, BB&T's senior management has set the five strategic objectives described in the following sections of our annual report. In a sign of our consistency, while tactics may change, they are essentially unchanged from 2012.

companies with the best value propositions, while the marginal companies disappear. We're proud that independent surveys show BB&T continues to win top-tier rankings in all aspects of our business. According to a survey of retail clients by Maritz Research, BB&T ranked No. 1 among our in-market peers in key categories ­ their overall satisfaction with the bank, their likelihood to recommend us to others, and their likelihood to bank with us in the future. On the commercial side, BB&T's small business and middle market banking groups have won 83 excellence awards from Greenwich Associates since 2009, more than any other financial institution. During a time when banks face intense scrutiny over how they handled mortgages, BB&T again ranked highest in client service satisfaction among primary U.S. mortgage servicing companies by J.D. Power and Associates. The list goes on, with top client satisfaction ratings in areas including online banking, insurance sales, auto dealer finance, 401(k) retirement plan sponsorship and capital markets equity research. Staying closely connected to client needs and opportunities has helped BB&T become one of the nation's leading financial institutions. As we have grown, we have not lost sight of the importance of those relationships and the meaningful dialogue they create. Relationships built on trust and honesty are the foundation of everything we do at BB&T. We will never take them for granted.

2012 Annual Report

Deliver the BB&T Value Promise thereby Creating the Perfect Client Experience
Our fundamenta l strateg y is to provide the best va lue proposition in the marketplace. Value is a function of quality relative to price ­ and we focus on the quality component. Most companies do well in good times. The test comes during difficult times such as the last five years. Consumers become more discerning and do business with only the best

Winner of 22 Excellence Awards from Greenwich Associates: 19 National Awards and 3 Regional Awards Received 83 awards since 2009, more than any other bank
Greenwich Associates 2012 U.S. Middle Market Banking Study and U.S. Small Business Banking Study.

9

A S S O C I AT E S

"Treat your clients with respect, help them manage their finances, and they will be loyal for life."
ADVICE GIVEN TO BB&T MULTICULTURAL MARKETS MANAGER LUIS LOBO BY HIS FATHER, AN IMMIGRANT FROM COSTA RICA

BB&T's multicultural markets are a striking example of understanding and meeting the needs of our clients. In a reflection of the burgeoning growth of the Latino, African-American and Asian-American populations ­ now one-third of the U.S. population ­ in 2012 we increased our multicultural financial centers by 35%, to 350. Our associates are culturally conversant, but language is just the beginning. Treating people with respect is an underlying tenet, which often means meeting our clients where they are ­ in their churches, community centers and workplaces. With Latinos making up the fastestgrowing multicultural segment, our 350 financial centers are branded "Vecino" ("neighbor" in Spanish) and complemented by a Spanish-language website (es.BBT.com). Special features include multilingual financial literacy videos and a banking product for clients who regularly send money to family members abroad. Every client is different. For example, many of our young Latino clients born in the U.S. prefer to speak English and are among the biggest consumers of online services. Like the nation's shifting demographics, our multicultural program is constantly evolving.
Left to right: Frank Ramirez, Vice President, Financial Center Leader, BB&T; Fiorella Schmidt, Assistant Vice President, Financial Center Leader, BB&T; Margarita Gil García, Financial Center Leader, BB&T; Carmela Capistran, Assistant Vice President, Financial Center Leader, BB&T

Delivering all Components of Profitability
Among the Industry's Most Efficient Banks Strong Fee Income Ratio
The efficiency ratio reflects the cost to produce each dollar of revenue, expressed as a percentage, i.e., lower percentages represent more efficient operations. A higher fee income ratio indicates a bank is producing more of its net operating revenue from noninterest income and has more diverse sources of revenue.
Excludes securities gains (losses), foreclosed property expense, amortization of intangible assets, merger-related and restructuring charges, the impact of FDIC loss share accounting, and other selected items. Peers include CMA, FITB, HBAN, KEY, MTB, PNC, RF, STI, USB and ZION. Source: SNL and Company Reports BB&T Peers BB&T Peers

Relationships also form the basis of BB&T's Perfect Client Experience ­ service that is reliable, responsive, empathetic and competent. We know that we have to deliver that experience with every client, every day. It defines the BB&T brand, which has served us well for 141 years and continues to serve as our calling card as we enter and expand in new markets such as Florida and Texas.

trust depends on absolute honesty. That helps us determine what is right and reasonable. If something sounds right, we say so. If something feels wrong ­ such as an exotic mortgage that a client cannot afford in the long run ­ we say so and together we walk away. Particularly now, when so many of our clients and neighbors are struggling, we believe we can make a positive, meaningful difference. Our associates have made that difference most dramatically with our annual Lighthouse Project, contributing more than 200,000 hours and completing more than 4,400 community projects since 2009. The projects have ranged from helping a food bank in New Bern, N.C.; shelters for abused children and women in Atlanta and Palm Beach County, Fla.; a substance abuse recovery organization for men in Winston-Salem, N.C.; a children's camp near Charlotte and a disabilities foundation in Florence, S.C., to name just a few. For a remarkable example of our associates' commitment to their clients and communities, please see the next page for the story of Daphne Dvorak, our receptionist in Fairhope, Alabama. At 88 years young, "Ms. Daphne" finds joy in greeting and helping everyone she encounters in her hometown where she started her banking career 70 years ago. I have never been prouder of our associates, and their commitment to the economic success and overall well-being of our clients, communities and shareholders.

Ensure a Strong Associate Value Proposition
A value proposition with our associates built on a relationship of trust is an essential part ­ actually, a precondition ­ of building a trusting relationship with our clients. At BB&T, valuing associates starts with a positive work environment. During a time when many banks have cut staff and benefits to restore profitability, BB&T has continued pay raises, extensive health and wellness benefits and a retirement program offering both a pension and employer-matched 401(k) plan. Our associate training program is ranked No. 1 in the financial services industry by Training Magazine. Our associate turnover rate in our community bank is low ­ less than 17%, down from 23% four years ago ­ which in turn creates a consistent experience for our clients. But delivering on our value promise to associates requires more than pay and benefits. We believe our ultimate leadership challenge is to teach BB&T's values. If values aren't shared, they aren't lived. We are relentless and consistent in communicating BB&T's values to our associates. Those core values haven't changed in 20 years: Character that depends on honesty and integrity; judgment that requires reason, recognizing reality and independent thinking; success that results from productivity, teamwork and justice; and ultimately happiness, which is built on self-esteem and pride. In difficult times, clarity of focus is essential to guide a company. During the last five years of turmoil and uncertainty, BB&T has stayed on course because we all share the same beliefs. For example, our relationships with clients are built on trust ­ and

2012 Annual Report

Accelerate Revenue Growth in a Tough Environment
We believe the key difference that defines the best-performing banks is strong revenue growth. Further, we believe the best way to sustain and build on that growth is to diversify our sources of revenue. At BB&T, diversification starts with a balance between our Community Bank, concentrated in our vibrant Southeast and Mid-Atlantic markets, and the national scale businesses we are building in high-growth areas such as mortgage banking, capital markets and specialized lending.

11

"I love banking and I love people. I always have. That's why I like what I do. I always want to do whatever I can to help everyone."
DAPHNE DVORAK
Receptionist, Fairhope, Alabama

This strategy is crucial to our success in today's low interestrate environment because it makes BB&T relatively less dependent on our core banking business, where our margins are constrained by the narrower spread between borrowing and lending rates. While we believe those margins will improve with gradually rising interest rates, BB&T is positioned to continue outperforming our peers regardless of interest rates because of our growing and diversified revenue sources. We have greater flexibility as the economy moves through interest-rate cycles and we have greater control over our revenue streams. BB&T's revenue is split roughly 50-50 between our core banking operations and our national fee-income businesses, with 47% coming from our Community Bank and other businesses contributing shares ranging from 14% for insurance services to 6% for dealer financial services.

In 2013, BB&T is investing in revenue growth in several important ways. We are expanding in our newer banking markets by adding branches focused on commercial banking. In Florida, our BankAtlantic acquisition, completed in 2012, expands our penetration in the vibrant Miami area as that market recovers with firming real estate values. The acquisition adds $3 billion in core deposits, boosts our South Florida market share to No. 6 from No. 14 and complements the North Florida banking operations added in our earlier Colonial acquisition. The 2009 Colonial transaction has been a huge benefit overall for BB&T in Florida, Alabama and Texas, generating billions in new loans. BB&T's Capital Markets Corporate Banking g roup also continues to open offices in attractive new markets, developing robust relationships with corporate clients across the U.S. Over the last several years, we expanded our corporate banking capabilities in areas such as loan syndications,

2012 Annual Report

In Fairhope, Alabama, "Ms. Daphne" knows just about everybody, and just about everybody knows her. Daphne Dvorak started in banking right out of high school in 1943, filing checks and hand-delivering bank statements. Now, 70 years later at age 88, she still is greeting clients at BB&T's downtown Fairhope branch. "I like to be nice to people. I love all people, young people, old people, in-between people," says Ms. Daphne, who works as a receptionist. She was worried she would lose her job when BB&T acquired Colonial Bank in 2009. "I thought because of my age they would want me to stay home. I just want to work to do the best I can." BB&T was delighted to welcome an associate who is an inspiration to clients, colleagues and most of Fairhope's 19,000 residents. Ms. Daphne, who has 15 grandchildren and great-grandchildren, arises before 5 a.m. and walks everywhere in town, always stopping before the branch opens to pick up any litter and tend to the flowers. She can't drive anymore due to a degenerative eye disease, but still works every day with the help of a magnified computer screen. And she still competes in 5k races, walking now, wishing she could still run marathons as she did until age 72. "When I look at Ms. Daphne," says Fairhope Financial Center Leader Kelly Lankford, "I see BB&T's values."
12

Broad-based Loan Growth
Average Loans Held for Investment

Improved Deposit Mix and Cost
Average Deposits

Total

Interest-Bearing Deposit Cost

treasury management, corporate leasing and insurance/risk management. When the financial-markets crisis forced many weaker banks to retreat, BB&T gained market share in the corporate segment by increasing our lending activity. Many corporate clients and prospects have welcomed BB&T as a strong partner capable of providing a broad suite of corporate banking services. In 2012, we expanded into the Midwest and West Coast with offices in Chicago, Cincinnati and San Francisco. Our Capital Markets Corporate Banking group serves companies throughout the U.S. with annual revenues of $250 million or more. We have lending and investment banking expertise across a wide range of industries, including transportation, industrial, government information-technology services, energy, healthcare, consumer products, automotive aftermarket, agribusiness, foods and Real Estate Investment Trusts. Our expanded corporate banking activity also has served to accelerate our progress in diversifying BB&T's balance sheet by adding more commercial and industrial loans to high-quality corporations across the nation. At the same time, BB&T's specialized lending businesses focused on specific products are expanding their nationalscale businesses in areas including asset-based loans, direct consumer lending, leasing equipment ranging from rail to mining to corporate aircraft, and outdoor power equipment and recreation equipment finance.

We are accelerating the growth of our business focused on clients seeking help in managing their wealth, an area we started building over the last decade. With an uncertain economy, there is a greater need for financial advice than ever before, and BB&T's advisors are meeting that need with expert counsel in subjects ranging from retirement and investments to inheritance and taxes. Overall, our investment in revenue growth is broad based. With an improving housing market, we expect steady improvement in residential real estate lending, with the most notable gains in Florida, Atlanta and some of the other markets hardest hit by the downturn over the last five years. We also are positioned to benefit from stabilization in commercial real estate, led by BB&T's experienced and prudent lenders. We are ramping up our focus on loans to physicians, lawyers and other professional groups as well as on financing for auto dealerships. BB&T now ranks as the ninth-largest U.S. bank in total deposits. More importantly, we are continuing to improve our deposit mix by aggressively managing down our deposit cost. Our cost of interest-bearing deposits decreased to 38 basis points for the fourth quarter compared with 56 basis points in the fourth quarter last year, which in turn benefits our net interest margin. We opened 34,000 net new retail deposit accounts in 2012. We are winning new clients with our accessible mobile banking services.

2012 Annual Report

Many corporate clients and prospects have welcomed BB&T as a strong partner capable of providing a broad suite of corporate banking services.

13

Growth Opportunities in Texas
Top 12 Metro Areas in BB&T Footprint for Small to Medium Commercial Revenue

Based on data from Oxxford Information Technology

BB&T is adding a total of 30 branches in these markets.

OUR EXPANSION IN TEXAS
BB&T was barely known in Texas three years ago. No longer. By mid-2013, BB&T commercial bankers will be meeting the needs of small and midsize Texas companies from 30 newly opened commercial-focused, full-service branches in four of the nation's fastest-growing metro areas. In all, more than 400 BB&T bankers in 60 branches will be delivering our Perfect Client Experience, up from 80 associates and 22 branches when we entered the Lone Star State's banking market with the Colonial acquisition in 2009. In addition, 1,200 associates from other BB&T businesses already located in Texas ­ ranging from insurance and commercial real estate finance to auto loans and capital markets ­ are spreading BB&T's good name. BB&T's brand resonates well with can-do Texans. Our community bank model and long-held values are attracting new clients and associates alike. Clients who need decisions made quickly by local bankers, but want the range of products and services offered by one of the nation's largest financial services companies, are attracted to our commitment to "be as big or small as you want us to be." Businesses like the responsive client service, which includes, among other things, BB&T bankers sharing their cell numbers and returning the day's calls by sundown. New hires immediately feel at home with the BB&T mission of giving back to our communities. Texas' economy, the nation's strongest, also is a perfect match for BB&T's focus on fast-growing industries in healthcare, energy, manufacturing, commercial real estate, multi-family housing and more. Texas' potential is as big as the state itself: Dallas, Houston, Austin and San Antonio ­ the four markets where BB&T is concentrating its new branches ­ are among the fastest-growing 20 metro areas in the country, each projected to at least double in size over the next two decades. We are opening 11 new branches in the Dallas and in the Houston markets, and four each in Austin and San Antonio. Of Texas' 26 million people, 18 million live in those four markets. "We're banking the core of Texas," says Kay St. John, president of BB&T's North Texas region based in the
14

Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. Consider the potential of just one of BB&T's new markets in Addison, north of Dallas: Within two miles of our newly opened branch, there are more than 8,000 businesses ranging in size from less than $1 million to more than $50 million in annual sales. In Houston, which is expected to surpass Chicago as the nation's third-largest city, BB&T's energy group already has booked $1.3 billion in new commitments. Bill Toomey is based there as president of the South Texas region, which also encompasses Austin and San Antonio. Austin, home of the state capital and the University of Texas main campus, is a magnet for high-tech firms, nonprofits and international trade, among others. San Antonio is a center for tourism, healthcare and multicultural firms. Texas also is an ideal market for offering products from BB&T's non-banking businesses to our bank clients. Our wholesale and specialty insurance group serves clients with eight Texas offices and more than 450 associates, while new associates from the Crump Group already are offering life insurance products. We offer extensive risk management capabilities in Houston through insurance subsidiary McGriff, Seibels & Williams. Grandbridge Real Estate Capital has offices in Dallas and Houston. Our auto loan subsidiary, Regional Acceptance Corporation, has a major call center in Arlington and offices in Plano, Houston and San Antonio with more than 200 associates. BB&T Wealth, Capital Markets and Corporate Banking and Investments also offer their expertise from offices in Texas. Our Texas expansion, while agg ressive, also is f iscally conservative. All of our new branches are in existing buildings, allowing us to both open quickly and much more economically than building new branches. New branch construction typically takes a year or two at the cost of up to $5 million each. We are opening 30 branches, typically within three to four months, at a total cost of less than $40 million. Our focus on commercial clients also is rooted in economics as well as market potential. Texas is one of the nation's most competitive retail markets, home to more than 500 other banks. While BB&T's retail market share has grown since our Colonial

2012 Annual Report

CLIENTS

"It all comes down to honesty, loyalty and commitment. These are the attributes that drive our business and that's what we found with BB&T."
GARY WILSON
Partner, Wilson-Brown Productions, Inc., Austin, Texas

Jeff Brown and Gary Wilson needed a loan quickly to close their purchase of a new location for their television and web production company in Austin, Texas. But despite Wilson-Brown Productions' 25-year track record of success, their current lender showed, in their words, a "shocking" lack of responsiveness. That's when their real estate broker suggested they talk to a friend at BB&T, Business Services Officer Blake Absher. "With other banks, it was `you come to our office.' With Blake, it was `how soon can I come over to meet you?'" recalls Gary. "From that point on, it was full speed ahead." Blake delivered a commitment letter within three days and BB&T closed the transaction within 30 days. "We believed in the deal and shared their view that their new location in East Austin is an exciting, emerging market," says Blake. His responsiveness and BB&T's partnership with entrepreneurs like Jeff and Gary are typical of the bank's approach to commercial banking in Austin and other robust Texas markets. "We are here not to sell, but to consult with our clients to meet all their needs," says Austin City Executive Ed Lick. That first loan to Jeff and Gary has led to three other business and banking relationships for BB&T.
Left to right: Jeff Brown, Partner, Producer/Director, Wilson-Brown Productions, Inc.; Gary Wilson, Partner, Producer/Director, Wilson-Brown Productions, Inc.; Ed Lick, Austin City Executive, BB&T; Blake Absher, Business Services Officer, BB&T

COMMUNITIES

"It says something about BB&T's culture when the bank says with its actions: `We're all in. We take ownership of where we live.'"
DAN VINCENT
President and CEO, Chapman Partnership

In Florida, among the states hardest hit by the financial crisis, the fastest-growing segment of the homeless population is families with children. With BB&T at its side, the Chapman Partnership in Miami-Dade County has responded with new services and dorms tailored for families, even a kennel for the family dog. The Partnership is also a national leader in finding permanent, often non-subsidized housing for its residents by working closely with employers and landlords. A $100,000 contribution from BB&T pleasantly surprised the nonprofit, but the investment of time and talent has made the biggest impression. Among other things, BB&T associates have renovated dorms as part of the Lighthouse Project, served meals, coordinated gift-giving to the children, planned financial education courses and introduced Chapman to clients who have also become benefactors. Miami-Dade City Executive Rob Bowlby and his team won the Association of Fundraising Professionals Miami chapter's top corporate citizenship award in 2012 even though BB&T is a relative newcomer to the market. Rob's team supports more than 30 nonprofit organizations, ranging from South Florida Urban Ministries to the YMCA.
Left to right: Mario Alvarez, Chief Operating Officer, Chapman Partnership; Trish Bell, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chapman Partnership; Dan Vincent, President and CEO, Chapman Partnership; Holly Woodbury, Vice President, Development, Chapman Partnership; Rob Bowlby, Senior Vice President, City Executive, BB&T, Chapman Partnership Board Member; Laurie Zapletal, Vice President, Business Deposits Officer, BB&T; Carlos Saballos, Sales and Service Officer, BB&T, Chapman Partnership nextgen council

Growing Insurance Commissions

BB&T Insurance offers our clients whatever protection they need, ranging from business and personal insurance to corporate risk management to employee benefit plans.

acquisition, we believe the best way to achieve needed retail scale is through acquisition. For now, retail acquisition prices are higher than what we are willing to invest, so we are moving ahead on the commercial front, where organic growth is very effective. Make no mistake, BB&T is committed to the Texas market for the long-term, commercial for now and retail when acquisition prices return to levels that meet BB&T's criteria of optimizing a long-term return to shareholders. Already, as Kay St. John tells clients, BB&T stands for "The Best Bank in Texas."

insurance brokers, the dominant sales channel in insurance today. Add to that the many banks and other f inancial institutions that offer life insurance to their clients, but who turn to Crump, and its relationships with more than 100 life insurers, as their wholesaler because setting up their own comprehensive life insurance platform is too complex or expensive. BB&T Insurance's growth into a national business with more than 100 retail insurance agencies began the way most of our relationships start ­ meeting our clients' needs. In Wilson, N.C., where BB&T was founded, the city's primary agency went out of business, so the bank stepped in at the request of local business owners. For the next 60-plus years, insurance remained mainly on the sidelines. Then, in the mid 1980s, when BB&T started more aggressively diversifying into non-interest fee businesses, BB&T Insurance was ready. Between 1990 and today, a string of acquisitions expanded our insurance revenues from $6 million to $1.3 billion, including Crump. Scores of combinations with other firms that share BB&T's commitment to client service ­ coupled with cutting-edge products such as online flood and supplemental unemployment insurance added in 2012 ­ have built a business that wins accolades from clients a nd independent sources a like. BB&T Insurance's retail client retention rate averages 92%. We consistently earn excellent client satisfaction awards for large corporate and middle-market insurance brokerages from Greenwich Associates. Business Insurance magazine has rated us the most productive of the world's top insurance brokers for eight consecutive years. Our consistent performance in client service and financial performance is no surprise given the senior leadership team's average tenure of 20 years with BB&T, headed by Chairman and CEO Wade Reece, a 35-year BB&T associate. With a 50-50 balance between retail and wholesale ­ retail led by BB&T veteran David Pruett and wholesale by former Crump CEO John Howard ­ and the support of our 6,400 associates, BB&T Insurance is proud to offer comprehensive, hands-on service to individuals and families, small business owners, Fortune 500 companies and nonprofits across the country.
17

OUR DIVERSIFICATION IN INSURANCE
BB&T Insurance Services, the pacesetter for the highly successful diversification of our revenue sources, dramatically expanded its reach in 2012 with an acquisition that creates the nation's largest independent wholesale distributor of life insurance and one of the largest providers of commercial insurance brokerage and specialty programs. The acquisition of the life and property and casualty insurance divisions of Crump Group ­ which added $300 million to Insurance Services' $1 billion in annual revenue ­ is the latest coup for a business that started humbly in 1922 and has grown into the world's eighth-largest insurance broker in total revenue. BB&T Insurance offers our clients whatever protection they need, ranging from business and personal insurance to corporate risk management to employee benefit plans. Already contributing 14% of BB&T's total revenues, BB&T Insurance is leading the way in another crucial arena: crossselling additional products and services to meet the broader needs of our clients. While we have long offered property and casualty insurance, the Crump acquisition achieved our long-standing objective of moving into life insurance in a big way. For example, now our relationship managers are offering the rich variety of life insurance products that Crump brings to help our wealth clients with their investment, tax planning and other needs. Moreover, our added wholesale muscle allows BB&T to offer our services to the hundreds of thousands of independent retail

2012 Annual Report

CONTINUE EXECUTION OF RISK MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES
It is important to remember the causes of the deep recession that have gripped our industry and our country: too much leverage and too little diversification. Unfortunately, with signs of an improving economy, some banks appear to be forgetting that costly lesson, with excessively leveraged lending and higher-risk concentrations. At BB&T, even though we could easily double our loan growth with such actions, we are sticking with our disciplined lending strategy and conservative long-term underwriting standards. We believe there are ample opportunities to book loans that meet our rigorous risk guidelines, while avoiding those transactions that may provide a short-term boost in revenue but a long-term drag on earnings. For example, one area of opportunity is increasing demand for multifamily housing development as more Americans opt for renting an apartment instead of buying a home. We are focusing on only those projects that meet our parameters for cash flow and solid cash equities. When the office market starts to recover, we will adhere to our standards for pre-leases and good coverage ratios while avoiding large syndicated office towers. For all commercial real estate projects ­ an area that has been an excellent business for BB&T for decades ­ we rely only on experienced lenders who are specifically dedicated to understanding that market's risk and rewards. Over the last several years, BB&T has invested in analytical tools, talent and training to make sure we better understand risk. We have added Senior Risk Officers to help aggregate, integrate and correlate all risks of the company. We have created an independent Credit Risk Review program and a Consumer Risk Management function. We have streamlined and automated systems to provide improved financial information both internally and externally. At the same time, we are diversifying BB&T's balance sheet. On the liability side, we have been working to improve our mix to emphasize noninterest-bearing deposits. On the asset side, we have significantly reduced our exposure to real estate, increasing commercial and industrial loans, and focusing on specialized lending opportunities yielding higher interest rates and margins. To diversify loan portfolio risk, we are exploring new strategic lending opportunities such as agriculture.

Our wide-ranging "re-conceptualization project," where we challenged BB&T's leaders to design more efficient ways to run their businesses, started showing results in 2012, with more to come in 2013. For example, we have cut BB&T's vendor payments for paper checks by 90% through automation. As a result of our day-to-day tight management of discretionary expenses, BB&T avoids drastic cost-cutting programs. Those draconian cuts may win headlines, but they undermine a company's relationship with their employees, and are contrary to the strong value proposition we have with our associates. Rather, to use a football analogy, we believe expense control is a "ground game" rather than a "Hail Mary pass," where we constantly look for opportunities to reduce expenses, especially those that do not create near-term revenue opportunities. For example, we only take on projects with quick payback periods, typically less than three years. We centralize, standardize and automate wherever possible. To effectively centralize sourcing and procurement, we arm BB&T's business leaders with more detailed budgets as they plan and operate their businesses.

THANK YOU
In closing, I want to recognize and introduce some extraordinary individuals. Some have provided wise guidance to BB&T for many years, while others will help lead us as we build on our remarkable 141-year history. We are matching the membership of the boards of BB&T and our largest subsidiary, Branch Banking and Trust Company, which will give us more flexibility and is in line with the structure of many of our peer banks. As part of that change, which was effective December 31, 2012, the number of corporate directors was increased from 15 to 19 and the two boards will have identical memberships. At the same time, three members of the corporate board and three members of the bank board retired in accordance with our policy of directors retiring at age 70. I want to express my deepest appreciation to our retired directors: J. Littleton Glover Jr., Jane P. Helm and Valeria Lynch Lee on the corporate board and Thomas K. Ferguson, Donald N. Patten and David W. Smith Jr. on the bank board. With a combined 74 years of service as directors, they have contributed immensely to BB&T's success. I also would like to welcome seven new members of the corporate board, all from the Branch Banking and Trust board: James A. Faulkner, Dahlonega, Georgia; I. Patricia Henry, Stone Mountain, Georgia; Eric C. Kendrick, Arlington, Virginia; Louis B. Lynn, Columbia, South Carolina; Edward C. Milligan, Marietta, Georgia; Charles A. Patton, Hopewell, Virginia; and Tollie W. Rich Jr., Cape Coral, Florida. Our lead director is Ronald E. Deal, who has served on BB&T's board since 1986 and is chairman of Wesley Hall Inc. in Hickory, North Carolina. He replaced Jane Helm after her retirement. Also in 2012, we added two members to BB&T's Executive Management team. Cynthia Williams, chief corporate communications officer, and Rufus Yates, president and CEO of BB&T Securities (formerly Scott & Stringfellow) and manager of our Capital Markets Corporate Banking group, joined the 10 existing members on the team that sets policy and direction for BB&T.

2012 Annual Report

MAINTAIN EXPENSE DISCIPLINE
We believe that controlling what can be controlled is essential at all times, especially so in volatile or uncertain times. Expense control is a prime example. Throughout the last five difficult years and continuing in 2013, we have been and will be relentless in maintaining expense discipline. Our tight budgeting is reflected in BB&T's efficiency ratio, which measures expenses as a percentage of revenues, so lower percentages signal improved performance. Our ratio of 54.3% for 2012 is down from a year earlier, and compares very favorably with our peer average of 63.8%, which increased in 2012. We decrease expenses wherever possible. Consistent with our improving credit quality, foreclosed property expenses are at the lowest level since 2007. With the completion of the BankAtlantic acquisition in 2012, we have reduced our merger-related and restructuring expenses. In 2013, we expect expenses independent of immediately accretive revenue to be down by 1% to 2%.
18

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
Standing left to right: Donna Goodrich, Clarke Starnes III, Ricky Brown, Kelly King, Chris Henson, Daryl Bible, Leon Wilson III Seated left to right: Rufus Yates, Cynthia Williams, Barbara Duck, Rob Greene, Steve Wiggs

Cynthia, who has 26 years of financial services experience, joined BB&T as part of the First Virginia Bank merger in 2003 and was promoted in 2011 to lead BB&T's corporate advertising, marketing strategy, sports marketing and communications groups. A native of Yokohama, Japan, she began her career in public accounting, and in banking has held positions in internal audit, retail bank sales and administration, regional branch operations and financial management. Rufus, a 33-year banking veteran, joined BB&T as part of the Southern National merger in 1995. He served as a city executive and managed corporate banking activities before being tapped to lead BB&T Securities, which operates our Private Client Group and Capital Market activities. He also is responsible for our corporate banking, loan syndications and interest-rate derivative groups. He is a native of Chadbourn in eastern North Carolina. As testament to the long-term focus that characterizes BB&T, our Executive Management team has worked together and shared the same vision, mission and values for much of our careers. As a group, we have an average of 30 years of experience with BB&T.

That common commitment and continuity assures we will never forget our overriding responsibility to provide long-term opportunity for our clients, associates, communities and shareholders. We are committed to assuring the economic success and financial security of our clients who trust us with their long-term financial relationships. We are committed to the long-term success and happiness of our associates. We are committed to supporting the long-term needs of the communities we serve. And we are committed to working every day to optimize a long-term return on our shareholders' investment and loyalty. At BB&T, we recognize that our lasting legacy is to make a positive meaningful difference in the lives of everyone we touch. With our highly focused leadership and strategies, the dedication of our 34,000 associates and your continuing support, I am absolutely convinced that BB&T's best days are ahead.

2012 Annual Report

Kelly S. King
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2013

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
Daryl N. Bible Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ricky K. Brown Senior Executive Vice President and President, Community Banking Barbara F. Duck Senior Executive Vice President and Enterprise Risk Manager Donna C. Goodrich Senior Executive Vice President and Deposit Services Manager Robert E. Greene Senior Executive Vice President and Administrative Group Manager Christopher L. Henson Chief Operating Officer Kelly S. King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Clarke R. Starnes III Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Steven B. Wiggs Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and Lending Group Manager Cynthia A. Williams Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Communications Officer C. Leon Wilson III Senior Executive Vice President and Operations Division Manager W. Rufus Yates Senior Executive Vice President and Capital Markets Manager

19

