  $1.91 $1.77
02 03 04
Diluted Earnings
Per Share
(from continuing operations)
Bradbury H. Anderson
Vice Chairman and CEO
To Our Shareholders
Inside Best Buy, we are undergoing a transformation. The change, though quiet, is palpable throughout our organization.
$2.44 Transformation at many companies is the child of necessity. In contrast, at Best Buy,
our business is hitting new records for both revenue and earnings from continuing operations. We have several more years of new-store openings to fuel our growth. We also foresee incredible growth in key digital products, where we have the leading market share in North America.
Our transformation is driven instead by
a sense of tremendous opportunity.
We have developed and tested an initiative called customer centricity, which enables us to engage more deeply with customers by empowering employees
to more effectively deliver products, solutions and services through multiple channels. Our customer centricity work has given us an entirely new lens for looking at our business. Through that lens, we see opportunities to increase
market share with both existing and new customer segments. We see opportunities to tailor stores to local customers’ needs. We see new services that no other North American retailer can offer. We see possibilities for connecting more closely with customers through the entertainment they love. We see a more flexible and more productive way to operate that can help us anticipate changing customer needs.
In short, we see a significant growth opportunity.
For me, the case for change had its roots
in our experience acquiring Musicland stores and then selling them three years later. One of the Musicland lessons was that we did not understand their mall-based customer. It also occurred to us that perhaps we similarly needed to gain a better understanding of our customer in our core business. This lesson, combined with the ideas Larry Selden, Emeritus Professor of Columbia University, developed into our customer centricity initiative. Professor Seldon encouraged us to view our company as a portfolio of customers. Our premise is that as we deliver superior customer experiences, we will earn commensurately higher financial returns, a mutually exclusive value exchange.
  2

At the same time, we saw a looming threat from other large retailers with lower cost structures. We realized that we must boost our growth rate and capital efficiency in order to compete more effectively for customers. These desires formed the
basis of our efficient enterprise initiative. The beauty of these two initiatives, customer centricity and efficient enterprise, is how well they balance each other while providing opportunities for growth.
Today, we are:
• Teaching our employees to focus on specific customers who have similar needs and expectations, rather than just focusing on product categories.
• Decentralizing authority to allow the person closest to the customer to make informed decisions using new, adaptive operating platforms.
• Teaching all store employees about the financial impact of their decisions so that they can improve their ability to determine profitable ways to meet diverse customer needs.
• Increasing investments in high-return, customer-facing areas, such as store labor and new services.
• Increasing the efficiency and adapt- ability of back-office functions, such as sourcing and supply chain.
The Opportunity to Transform Our Business
Our transformation began more than
a year ago, when we first determined our four strategic initiatives: customer centricity, efficient enterprise, win the home with service and win in entertainment. Our leaders taught these initiatives to employ- ees, and dedicated work teams began
to implement them. For example, we opened 32 customer centricity test stores, each focused on one or more of the five specific customer segments. We set goals for profitable sales growth and asked our employees to find efficiencies.
We challenged ourselves to find ways
to grow our services business and to take the lead in the entertainment business. We revamped our system of rewards and recognition to focus on employee strengths, performance and company values.
Our goal: to transform into a talent- powered, customer-driven enterprise focused on enhancing our customers’ enjoyment of technology.
Historically, consumer electronics retailers have competed by anticipating new technologies and managing accelerating product cycles. We have mastered that business, and our performance has led the industry. But all that wins for us is the right to compete in the next round of retailing. And in the next round, not only is the competition more powerful, but the rules will have changed ... because we are changing them.
At Best Buy, we see a very different consumer electronics business in the future. This future has critical implications for our customers and for our company. Key products are converging, which works to our advantage as a leader in both consumer electronics and home-office products. Technologies are becoming more complex, which favors retailers with well-trained employees and a robust service offering. Our customer centricity strategy is to serve as the advocate of customers, helping them assemble the solutions that work for them—and backing up those sales with service. Only a few large retailers excel in this environment, and none have our breadth of product and services assortments. We will sharpen our advantage as well, through our national rollout of Geek Squad services. Finally, customers today are unwilling to pay for inefficiency. Low-cost providers have gained significant market share, at the expense of mall-based retailers and others who are less efficient. We believe we must boost our efficiency and lower our expense rate in order to fund our transformation and remain competitive
in the marketplace.
18.7%
 16.7%
15.7%
  02 03 04
Return On
Invested Capital*
(continuing operations) Increased earnings and more effective
use of capital drove
a higher return.
* See reconciliation on page 21
$24,547 $20,946
$17,711
02 03 04
International
      $2,322 $17,115 $19,303 $22,225
Revenue
($ in millions)
New stores and better execution drove higher revenue. International revenue growth also benefited from the stronger Canadian dollar.
$596 $1,643
Domestic
Best Buy Co., Inc. 3

5.1%
4.8%
5.3%
The Opportunity to Reach New Customers
So we started on a journey toward the future. We envisioned a new culture within Best Buy, one focused on specific customer segments and driven by a strengths-based organization. In this culture, employees are energized because they have both the responsibility and the accountability to make decisions and drive innovation based on their knowledge of the customer.
This culture treats customers as kings
and queens, and the employees closest
to the customer as royalty. That leaves headquarters employees—including me—as servant leaders.
The good news is that not only are employees ready for the change, but they have been clamoring for it.
Based on the performance of our 32 lab stores, we expect to transform up to 110 additional Best Buy stores to our customer centricity format this year. We also plan to deliver approximately 30 basis points of operating income rate improvement, fueled by efficient enterprise activities. Delivering on these promises will be a challenge for us. Yet we are very optimistic about the future because we know we have the talent and creativity needed to complete our transformation. We are well known for the ability, once we grasp an opportunity, to develop a rollout plan
and to execute it across North America. Moreover, behind the strategy is essentially the same management team that led us to become North America’s No. 1 consumer electronics retailer.
Some investors have asked us to name
a customer-centric retailer we hope to emulate. Frankly, we are not aware of any other retailer who has successfully imple- mented a customer-centered approach in this manner. Actually, that does not dissuade us; rather, it encourages us.
At Best Buy, we love to prove conven- tional wisdom wrong. ”No one has successfully sold hardware and software; you have to choose one or the other,” they said in 1986. ”Nobody will buy high-end consumer electronics from noncommissioned sales associates,” they said in 1989. ”Retailers can’t make money selling computers,” they said in 1997. ”Dual branding works only with consumer products,” they said in 2000. Each time we challenged the status quo, and by running our business for the long term, we frequently have achieved top-quartile performance in total shareholder return.
The Opportunity to Boost Results
The coming year will be a critical test for Best Buy. Our initial guidance for fiscal 2005 called for an 11- to 13-percent increase in revenue and a 15- to 20- percent increase in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. The opening of new stores and comparable store sales gains are expected to drive our top line, while increased efficiency is expected to boost our bottom line. Behind the scenes, we will be running hard in our core business while we begin the work of transformation to a customer- centric organization. In other words, we are attempting our transformation during a period of success and prosperity.
   02 03 04
Operating
Income Rate
We boosted profitability by selling products at
a higher gross-profit rate.
$725 $581
$545
   02 03 04
Capital Spending
($ in millions) Lowering the cost
per square foot of new stores helped reduce capital spending.
99 00 01 02 03 04
  Best Buy Co., Inc.
S&P 500
S&P Retail 100
$100.00
$100.00
$100.00
$103.50
$111.73
$97.46
$86.47 $146.70
$102.57 $92.81
$94.92 $113.16
$94.02
$71.76
$78.23
$173.46
$99.41
$122.14
   4
Total Shareholder Return
Comparison of the five-year cumulative total returns on com- mon stock of Best Buy Co., Inc., S&P 500 and S&P Retail 100.

My role as a leader will be to keep
our employees inspired and focused
on our vision lest success were to erode our resolve to change.
Clearly we are winning in consumer electronics retailing today. We enjoyed
a strong performance from nearly
every corner of the company last year. Comparable store sales rose 7.1 percent. Revenue rose 17 percent to $24.5 billion. Earnings from continuing operations jumped 29 percent to $800 million, or $2.44 per diluted share. We increased cash provided by operations by more than $660 million. Our strong cash position enabled us to initiate a quarterly, 10-cent dividend and to resume repurchases of our common shares—a combination few retailers can deliver. We believe that our market share attained a new high, including multiple product groups that are key to
our success. Customer loyalty, customer satisfaction, brand awareness and employee attitude measures all are at all-time highs for us. We have positive momentum.
The Opportunity to Win
Because we’re the leader in our category today and because we believe in the importance of innovation, we continue
to invest in long-term, strategic initiatives. Great product-centric companies excel
in product R&D. We need to research, develop and test innovative ways to create truly differentiated customer experiences. We began by spending approximately
0.3 percent of our revenue last year developing and testing our customer centricity initiative (and we also generated additional revenue and gross profit dollars from the test stores). While the experimen-
tation will continue, in the coming year we plan to convert up to 110 additional U.S. Best Buy stores to the customer centricity platform. With a critical mass of these stores, we expect to glean the insights needed to accelerate the rollout the following year. Our goal is to convert the majority of our stores to the customer centricity platform within the next few years.
This transformation is no small bet. But we believe that it is the right direction for Best Buy. As we succeed, we will widen the gap between us and all of our competitors. Meanwhile, we will learn more about our customers, and that is always a worthwhile investment.
We have incredible employees running our stores and operating our business.
I would like to thank them for the results they achieved in fiscal 2004. They are
the reason I am excited about the possibilities ahead of us and optimistic about the future.
With the support of our employees, vendors and, of course, my fellow shareholders, we expect to have a prosperous year in fiscal 2005 and an even brighter future in the years beyond.
Bradbury H. Anderson
Vice Chairman and CEO
7.0 6.4
7.1
   02 03 04
Sales Proficiency
We scored 7.1 in sales proficiency, or the salesperson’s ability to match the customer with a product/technology (on a 1 to 10 scale).
45% 42%
34%
02 03 04
Customer Loyalty
Forty-five percent of customers rated us 5
on a 1-to-5 scale in all three categories: overall satisfaction, likelihood to return and likelihood
to recommend to others.
    Best Buy Co., Inc. 5
