March 26, 2015 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: We are pleased to report that our results in 2014 represented the fifth consecutive year of strong improvements in operating performance for Brunswick Corporation, reflecting the outstanding execution of our business strategy by our global workforce. In addition to delivering exceptional financial performance in 2014, we are actively positioning the Company for future success, including: · · · · announcement of our plan to exit our bowling businesses; introduction of multiple new products across the enterprise; expansion of manufacturing facilities in all our business segments; and the implementation of a management succession process.

2014 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS For 2014, revenue increased by 7 percent to $3.8 billion, as U.S. and international sales grew 8 percent and 4 percent, respectively. Our revenue performance benefited from investments in growth initiatives, including new products across all business segments, as well as marine parts and accessories acquisitions made during the year. Our 2014 gross margin of 27.0 percent represented the highest annual level achieved since 2000. Strong improvement in adjusted operating earnings, combined with lower net interest expense, contributed to a 32 percent increase in adjusted pretax earnings. This increase was more than offset by a higher effective tax rate, resulting in $2.42 diluted earnings per share, as adjusted. At a constant tax rate, our 2014 diluted EPS, as adjusted, would have increased by 30 percent versus 2013. The market recognized this performance and rewarded shareholders with a record high closing stock price in 2014 of $51.94.
EXIT FROM BOWLING BUSINESS

Notable in 2014 was our decision to exit our bowling businesses, beginning with the sale of our retail bowling centers to Bowlmor AMF for $270 million. It was a unique opportunity to transfer ownership of this business at an attractive valuation. We are in the process of selling our bowling products business, and expect to have that sale completed soon. Our exit from the bowling business enables the Company to focus on its Marine and Fitness segments and to further enhance shareholder value.

Brunswick Corporation 1 N. Field Court Lake Forest, IL 60045-4811 Telephone 847.735.4700

NEW PRODUCT INTRODUCTIONS AND CAPACITY EXPANSION

The successful introduction of multiple new products across our business segments was a significant force driving solid top-line growth in 2014. We also continued to increase investment in the business to support growth. For example: · Mercury Marine marked its 75th year in 2014 by completing an expansion of its Fond du Lac, Wisconsin campus and introducing, on average, a new product or feature about every six weeks. Major new product introductions included Mercury Marine's 75, 90 and 115hp FourStroke outboards ­ which are built with architecture similar to that used in Mercury's popular 150hp engine ­ and the 4.5L 250hp sterndrive ­ the first purpose-built sterndrive engine that was conceived, designed and built from the ground up for marine use. Mercury Marine also continued to grow its parts and accessories (P&A) business, which accounted for 45 percent of its sales in 2014, through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. Among the many new products introduced was the popular Enertia Eco propeller, which at cruising speeds posts a 10 percent fuel-economy gain versus other comparable propellers. Mercury also acquired Whale, which is based in Northern Ireland, and is a leader in water and heating systems, along with Bell Recreational Products Group, a Midwest-based P&A distributor. Both Whale and Bell also serve the recreational vehicle industry, expanding market opportunities beyond the marine segment. Sea Ray launched 11 new models, ranging from 19 feet to 65 feet, including the introduction of the L-Class line of luxury yachts. To better meet demand, Sea Ray is reactivating its yacht production facility at Sykes Creek in Merritt Island, Florida. Boston Whaler, the "Unsinkable Legend," introduced the largest boat it has ever built ­ the 420 Outrage ­ and expanded its manufacturing facility in Edgewater, Florida, to meet demand for this model and other Whaler products. Bayliner introduced the Element XL, the 642 Overnighter and the Element XR7 to solid response in 2014, while our Freshwater Boat Group ramped up production at its new and larger manufacturing facility in Ft. Wayne, Indiana, dedicated to Cypress Cay and Harris pontoons and has dramatically increased our ability to meet strong demand for our pontoon brands. Our aluminum boat plant in New York Mills, Minnesota, was also enlarged, and produced many new products such as the Crestliner 1600 Vision and Lund's iconic Tyee, which added a new 2075 Magnum edition. Lowe introduced several new models to its line-up, including the 20 Bay. Meanwhile, Brunswick boat operations in Europe introduced seven new Quicksilver models for 2014, as well as two new Uttern models. Life Fitness launched three new cardio and strength products ­ the PowerMill Climber, FlexStrider Variable Motion Elliptical and the Insignia Series Selectorized Strength Machines ­ each of which has made a tremendous impact in the marketplace. Life Fitness remains focused on future growth and laid the groundwork in 2014 to better meet demand and pursue new market opportunities by increasing manufacturing space by 50 percent at its Kiskoros, Hungary facility.

·

·

·

FINANCIAL OUTLOOK

In November 2013, we disclosed our 2014-2016 plan which targets revenue to grow at a compound annual rate of 5 to 7 percent, while producing operating margins at the end of the period of between 10 to 11 percent and earnings per share in the range of $3.00 to $3.40 in 2016. Going forward, although category and regional strengths and weaknesses exist in the marine and fitness markets, the demonstrated resiliency of both marine participation and the overall commercial fitness market, combined with the continued successful execution of our growth strategy, give us the confidence that we can achieve the financial targets outlined in our 2016 plan, absent any additional significant changes in global macroeconomic conditions. Our outlook and financial targets for 2015 are generally consistent with the metrics included in the 2016 plan that was shared with the financial community during an investor event in November 2013.

Our capital strategy will continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, deploying capital to further strengthen our Marine and Fitness segments, executing our pension de-risking plans, and returning cash to shareholders through a balanced approach that includes dividends and share repurchases. Our opportunity in 2015 is to not only manage our core businesses to meet the objectives of the 2016 plan, but also to continue to invest and to prepare our Company for the future. To do so, we will be identifying and funding the best opportunities we see for growth, as well as managing and adjusting our product portfolio as necessary. In some cases, these business opportunities may be natural outgrowths of our current core businesses, such as acquisitions to grow and strengthen marine parts and accessories or Life Fitness; while in other instances they may be adjacencies, meaning new types of business that are adjacent to our core products and abilities, yet different in some way.
S U CCE S S I O N P L A N N I N G

We have a dedicated and capable management and employee team at Brunswick which continues to effectively execute on our business plans and achieve financial and operational targets. As we plan for the future, our Board of Directors is focused on managing leadership succession. The Company has a deep bench of talented people from which to choose, and our Board has been carefully managing the succession planning to ensure a smooth transition after my planned retirement in 2016. The 2014 appointment of Mark Schwabero as Brunswick's President and Chief Operating Officer was part of that succession management plan. Mark is now responsible for day-to-day operations and overall leadership of the Company's business segments ­ Engine, Boat and Fitness ­ and was recently appointed to our Board of Directors. Mark is an accomplished executive who is intimately familiar with Brunswick's businesses, particularly the marine segments from which the Company derives the majority of its sales and earnings. The role of chief operating officer enables Mark to prepare for this transition, while actively managing Brunswick's overall operations and developing strategic plans.
G O I N G F O RW A RD

As we begin Brunswick's 170th year of business, we enter some of its most exciting and promising times. In 2014, we significantly changed the composition of the Company, resulting in a unique opportunity to create the next generation of Brunswick. Doing so will be fun, challenging and worthwhile as we move ahead. We will maintain a strong emphasis on three themes going forward. These are as follows: · · · Product Leadership: As such, throughout Brunswick we will develop products, desired by consumers, faster and better than competitors. Be the Best Partner: This means to consistently deliver the best value to all of our business partners. And finally, Promote a Winning Culture: This is achieved through developing the best team focused on delivering our plan together.

I am confident that we can do so because of the soundness of our strategy, our demonstrated ability to get the job done and to deliver on our commitments, and this Company's ability to continually reinvent and re-energize itself through the efforts of its dedicated and talented employees around the world. Sincerely,

Dustan E. McCoy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brunswick Corporation

