 March 22, 2012
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
After several years of dramatic declines in global marine demand, we established an objective of returning to profitability in 2011. As a result of the hard work and operating effectiveness of our entire organization, Brunswick Corporation has met this goal and made significant progress in growing our revenue and improving our earnings.
In 2011, we achieved double-digit revenue growth and increased operating earnings by $176 million, despite a flat overall marine market and challenging global economic conditions. Our ability to achieve market share gains throughout our operating segments, combined with continuing success in improving production and operating efficiencies, enabled us to report our highest level of operating earnings since 2006.
We continued to reduce our total debt outstanding, ending the year with our lowest debt level since the first quarter of 2004. The Company’s total liquidity (defined as cash and marketable securities, plus amounts available under its asset-based revolving credit facility) at year end was $739 million.
Our improved financial performance was due to our relentless focus on executing our core strategy:
• Generating positive free cash flow;
• Performing better than the markets in which we compete; and
• Demonstrating outstanding operating leverage.
Throughout our organization, Brunswick’s businesses recorded significant accomplishments during the year that improved operating performance, while positioning the Company to better compete in the challenging world marketplace.
Mercury Marine, our largest operating segment, continued its impressive contributions in 2011, recording a 10 percent increase in revenue for the year, and a nearly 30 percent increase in operating earnings. Revenue growth was driven by global market share gains in outboard, gasoline sterndrive engines and most categories of parts and accessories. During the year, Mercury substantially completed the complex and challenging consolidation of its U.S. engine manufacturing operations, moving sterndrive production from Oklahoma to its Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, large outboard production facility.
Brunswick Corporation 1 N. Field Court Lake Forest, IL 60045-4811 Telephone 847.735.4700

Mercury also continued to demonstrate product development expertise with the introduction of: its new 150 horsepower FourStroke outboard, which is enjoying great success in the marketplace; MerCruiser’s new 8.2 liter V8 big block engine; and Attwood’s EPA-compliant fuel systems, designed to help boat builders satisfy new emissions regulations in a cost-efficient and effective manner.
Brunswick’s Boat Group recorded substantial improvement, increasing revenues by 11 percent, while reducing operating losses by 72 percent, or $105 million. During 2011, Brunswick boat brands gained market share – evidence of the brands’ market strength and our broad-based and stable dealer network. Brunswick’s Boat Group continued its program of cost reductions and operating improvements in 2011, and completed consolidating manufacturing operations for our Hatteras/CABO Yacht brands as well as our Lund and Crestliner brands.
Further, the Brunswick Boat Group is expanding its global reach. One of the most significant actions initiated in 2011 is establishing a new production plant in Brazil. Construction of this 144,000-square-foot facility has begun, with boat production targeted to commence in the third quarter of 2012.
Life Fitness had an outstanding year, experiencing revenue growth of 17 percent, while recording its most profitable year ever. In an improving club environment, Life Fitness performed exceptionally well – a tribute to its products, execution and people. New products are vital to success in the fitness industry, and our Life Fitness and Hammer Strength brands introduced more than 25 new or enhanced products in 2011, with technological advances that set the pace in the industry, including iPad compatibility, Virtual Trainer and Facebook applications, and hybrid energy-saving consoles. Fueled by these innovations, Life Fitness gained share as its customers placed increasing value on its product leadership, and heritage of quality, reliable installations and service expertise.
In 2011, Life Fitness added a service parts website that allows customers to conveniently order parts and request service online. This new parts website gives Life Fitness customers direct access to their accounts to view order history, warranty information, and even manage orders for multiple facilities under just one account.
Brunswick Bowling & Billiards experienced stable top-line revenues, with improved operating earnings. Brunswick Bowling Retail previewed new entertainment experiences with its modernization of the Brunswick Zone XL in the Atlanta metro area. The center added a unique Lazer Zone arena and expanded game room as well as new birthday party rooms and a boutique/lounge-type bowling environment for socializing and entertainment.
Brunswick Bowling Products benefitted from an increasing number of new bowling centers being constructed throughout the world, with the majority of these being built outside of the U.S. For mature bowling markets like the U.S., center operators are beginning to accelerate their pace of modernization investment following years of project deferrals.
We believe 2011 has provided us with good momentum for 2012, where we will remain focused on revenue and earnings growth. Although the global economic and marine market outlook may remain challenging, our history of successful execution of our operational and financial initiatives gives us the confidence that we can achieve sustainable revenue and earnings growth.
Our entire organization will continue to focus on maintaining our favorable cost position and generating growth through the continuation of market share gains and the execution of organic growth initiatives. To support our growth plans, we will make increased investments in capital projects, research and development, and necessary expertise. In 2012, we will also continue to make substantial contributions to our frozen defined benefit pension plans to achieve full funding over time. However, despite these significant investments, we plan to generate positive free cash flow and execute our ongoing strategic objective of further reducing debt levels to improve our balance sheet and reduce interest expense.

In closing, let me thank Brunswick’s employees across the globe for their endless energy, focus, expertise and hard work. Together, you are bringing outstanding branded products to the marketplace and sustainable value to our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Dusty McCoy Chairman and CEO Brunswick Corporation
 