To Our Shareholders:
At Bard, more than a century of experience tells us that great companies find ways to innovate and thrive during even the most challenging times. The same spirit of confidence that drove us to develop and introduce our groundbreaking Foley catheter during the height of the Great Depression propelled us through 2009.

John h. WeIland President and Chief Operating Officer
2

TImoThy m. RIng Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Even as we reacted to the immediate challenges posed by the deepest recession in decades, we never lost sight of the long-term goals that define our company: product innovation, market leadership and fiscal discipline. In 2009, we delivered net sales growth in constant currency of 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 15%. The return on shareholders' investment improved to 21.9%. Still, we are not satisfied with these results. We spent much of the year carefully assessing our strategies to make sure we were doing everything needed to succeed during this extraordinary period and beyond. We came away even more convinced in the soundness of our fundamental strategies--growth through product leadership and an emphasis on products where clinicians have the greatest influence over purchase decisions. Because innovation is central to this approach, we spent $180 million on research and development (R&D) in 2009. We expect to accelerate our rate of investment in R&D in the coming years. We believe this investment strategy is consistent with our goal to be a market leader in every product category in which we compete. PRoducT gRouP hIghlIghTS Our overall product portfolio spans four major categories--Vascular, Urology, Oncology and Surgical Specialties. Each holds exciting opportunities for growth. VaSculaR Our endovascular franchise delivered strong sales growth in 2009, thanks to the momentum provided by pre-market approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for stents and stent grafts. Our Lifestent® stent system (see page 10), indicated for the superficial femoral artery (SFA) and the only FDA-approved device in its class, offers welldocumented benefits over standard therapies and represents an important advancement in the treatment

of patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD). Our Flair® endovascular stent graft is the first interventional implant technology indicated for use in the treatment of stenoses, or narrowing, at the venous anastomosis of synthetic arteriovenous grafts. Earlier this year, The New England Journal of Medicine published the results of a prospective study that shows the Flair® endovascular stent graft maintains the patency of dialysis access grafts more effectively than balloon angioplasty alone. In 2009, Bard Electrophysiology collaborated with Philips Healthcare to provide clinicians with new tools to treat heart arrhythmias. Bard's LabsystemTM Pro EP recording system and steerable diagnostic catheter technologies, combined with the Philips EP navigator and the Allura Xper FD imaging series, are expected to offer faster and easier ways to integrate image guidance with mapping and analysis of complex arrhythmias. The first of several collaborative products--Point Tagging with the EP navigator system-- launched in late 2009, with more coming in 2010. After eight consecutive years of gaining ground in the peripheral percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) market, we expect to take the lead in U.S. market share in 2010 thanks to new and enhanced products such as our RivalTM PTA dilatation catheter. This high-performance, low-profile angioplasty balloon catheter features our proprietary CheckerTM Flex Point technology, which enhances trackability and flexibility. This technology will also be featured on the upcoming UltraVerse® family of balloons, designed for treatment of PAD in the SFA and below-the-knee applications. Our recent acquisition of Y-Med, Inc., gave us access to an exciting new market segment with the launch of the VascuTrakTM PTA device, which employs an innovative system of external wires running along the length of the balloon to deliver focused force to open calcified lesions. Bard maintains a strong position in ultrasoundguided biopsy devices, led by our Vacora® handheld biopsy system. Our FinesseTM Ultra Breast Biopsy
3

System, launched in the fourth quarter of 2009, builds upon the Vacora® biopsy device platform and incorporates a single-insertion, multiple sample (SIMS) technology. We also launched a new family of tissue markers expanding upon our fast-growing UltraClip® line of high-visibility markers. These enable clinicians to mark and subsequently locate the site of a breast biopsy long after the sample has been taken. uRology Urology is Bard's original business, one in which we continue to offer innovative new products. In December, Bard began the U.S. rollout of our AjustTM Single-Incision Sling System, a product designed to treat stress urinary incontinence in women by supporting the urethra. It is the first and only female sling device on the market to offer postplacement two-way adjustability. Positive clinical data from Europe, where the AjustTM sling system has been available for about a year, will help us highlight the product's innovative features for the U.S. market. Another product already available in Europe and pending FDA clearance in the United States is the AlyteTM Y-Mesh Graft, which is anatomically designed to enhance vaginal support in patients who have undergone a hysterectomy. Our DigniCare® fecal incontinence device gained a double-digit market share in its first year in a new market for Bard. We plan to build on this success with a second-generation product in 2010. StatLock® catheter stabilization devices, which we added to our portfolio in 2006, continue to enjoy strong demand and represent a promising area for global market growth. oncology Peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) represent the largest product line in our oncology group. In 2009, we strengthened our position with a second-generation PowerPICC SOLO® catheter, multi-lumen PICCs and maximum barrier kits. In our implanted port product line, we launched the PowerPort® duo dual-lumen port with power injection capability. This product is designed to support patients who require multiple lumens for additional intravenous therapy or who need simultaneous injections of incompatible drugs. In addition, we introduced the low-profile PowerPort® Slim implanted port, intended for peripheral placement in the upper arm or in smaller patients. During 2009, we launched three new dialysis catheters: Equistream®, Power-Trialysis® and DuetTM catheters. We also acquired Spire Corp.'s dialysis

business, which includes a strong intellectual property portfolio and chronic dialysis products. This strategic acquisition strengthens our position in the split-tip catheter market immediately, and also provides a strong platform for future developments. In our imaging business, we plan to launch the Sherlock 3CGTM system, a new platform technology. This device will combine four technologies--our market-leading PICC, the Site~Rite® 6 ultrasound imaging platform, the Sherlock® tip tracking system and an electrocardiogram-based tip location confirmation technology--into an integrated product that could significantly improve the efficiency and value of bedside venous access for patients and clinicians. SuRgIcal SPecIalTIeS Our investments in new products paid off in 2009 with renewed momentum in our soft tissue repair franchise, including biological hernia repair, the fastest-growing segment of the overall hernia repair market. In the third quarter, we purchased and launched the XenMatrix® implant, our first offering in the non-crosslinked xenograft segment of the hernia market. Clinical studies have confirmed this product's strength and ability to promote effective tissue incorporation. Initial commercial results are significantly outpacing our original projections. We expect to use this technology platform to develop several new animal-derived biomaterial products in the years ahead. We also began marketing our AlloMaxTM implant product line of human tissue-derived implants for breast reconstruction following mastectomies-- another new market for Bard. The Society for Laparoscopic Surgeons recognized our SorbaFixTM absorbable fixation device (see page 9), launched in the second quarter, as Innovation of the Year for 2009. Reflecting this enthusiasm, and the overall trend toward absorbable devices, the SorbaFixTM fixation device has captured significant market share in the United States. In late 2009, we introduced the device in Europe and other international markets. In the first quarter of 2010, we also launched a permanent anchor version, the PermaFixTM fixation device. Responding to the demand for ever lighter and more absorbable hernia repair products, Bard introduced a lighter-weight version of our popular 3DMax® Mesh device for inguinal hernia repair in late 2009. We followed that innovation with a lighter-weight version of our market-leading PerFix® plug. Both products feature a large-pore design that creates a strong and durable repair while reducing the amount of synthetic material in the body. We are actively

4

RemembeRIng RobeRT h. mccaffRey Central to Bard's long-term success is our deep understanding of the markets in which we compete. Robert McCaffrey, who led Bard from 1978 to 1990, was instrumental in making market awareness a guiding principle for the company. Bob passed away in August, but his legacy will continue to shape our business. His emphasis on decentralization enabled our divisions to concentrate on products that support their businesses. His advocacy of R&D and business development helped ensure a steady flow of innovative new products from the Bard pipeline. Above all, he believed wholeheartedly, and made certain every Bard employee understood, that patients are our top priority.

pursuing similar advancements with our absorbable barrier technology, including the Ventrio® and Ventralex® ventral hernia repair lines. global Reach Each year, Bard becomes a more global company, with products now marketed through subsidiaries and joint ventures in over 100 countries. In 2009, we opened a direct sales and marketing office in Brazil, while direct operations that we opened in the Czech Republic and South Africa in 2008 showed strong growth. On page 6, you can read about our innovative approaches to healthcare in the rapidly developing Chinese market, where we have enjoyed a growing presence for several years. SeaSoned leadeRShIP We were fortunate to welcome two experienced leaders to our Board of Directors in 2009. David M. Barrett, M.D., is a member of both the Regulatory Compliance and Science and Technology committees. He is a noted urologist and the President and CEO of the Lahey Clinic, a 327-bed facility in Burlington, Massachusetts. John C. Kelly serves on the Audit and Finance committees, and recently retired as the Senior Vice President, Finance at Pfizer Inc. Previously, he served as Vice President and Controller of Wyeth following a distinguished 35-year career at Arthur Andersen LLP. Both are experts in their respective fields. Their intimate knowledge of the healthcare industry will be an asset as we make decisions to position Bard for long-term growth. In addition, Jim C. Beasley, who leads Bard Access Systems and Bard Peripheral Vascular, was promoted to Group Vice President in 2009 and is our newest Corporate Officer. Jim has guided these businesses to excellence in product development, sales and marketing, and we are glad to have him join our senior management team.

lookIng ahead To 2010 While economic conditions have improved, significant challenges remain. Washington's continued focus on healthcare reform raises many important questions for the industry and the country as a whole. While adapting to change is never easy, we believe we are well-positioned to successfully compete and lead in this evolving environment. To develop products that offer superior clinical and economic value, we intend to raise our historical R&D investment over the next several years. We will intensify our pursuit of product leadership, initiating more projects, completing more strategic acquisitions and increasing our sales forces. These steps will be instrumental in achieving our goal of double-digit top-line growth and will enhance our position as a leader in the marketplace. Our company and business plan endured a significant stress test in 2009. Thanks to the determination of our employees, the wise counsel of our Board of Directors and the steadfast support of our shareholders, we have come through this test stronger and more enthusiastic for the future. We appreciate your confidence, and we will work hard to honor it in 2010. Sincerely,

TImoThy m. RIng Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John h. WeIland President and Chief Operating Officer

5

