To Our Shareholders:

In 2012, we saw continued headwinds in our most developed markets. The slow growth rate in the United States and Europe, which combined account for approximately 83% of our net sales, continues to pose challenges for the medical device industry. The average same-store admissions for the public hospitals in the United States have been in decline for the last three years, and we have observed that utilization of devices for those patients who present for treatment is under greater pressure today than ever before.  In contrast, our international markets grew 9% in constant currency in 2012, with 32% growth in emerging markets, including Brazil (see page 6) and China. Even with this robust growth, we are still in the early stages of market development for products like peripherally-inserted central catheters (PICCs). While emerging markets only accounted for 6% of net sales in 2012, we have made tremendous inroads into these geographies in the past year, and the opportunities for further expansion into these countries are central to our growth strategy in 2013 and beyond.  While expanding the geographic reach of our products, we have also been expanding into new, adjacent product categories--including targeted temperature management and surgical sealants--that allow us to leverage our strength in sales and marketing, manufacturing, and research and development (R&D) to drive future growth. Whether developed internally or acquired through our business development activities, the central requirement for any new product or technology platform in our portfolio is the same: We target innovative, differentiated products that reduce overall costs for the healthcare system while helping clinicians meet the needs of their patients. Our Core Competencies To firmly establish the value proposition of our medical technologies, we need proof in the form of clinical and economic data (see page 9). As a result, we have made significant investments in our internal clinical function in recent years. Just five years ago, we were engaged in 15 clinical trials annually; in 2013, we expect to participate in close to 90 clinical trials to gather evidence that supports the safety, effectiveness and economic benefit to the healthcare system of our current and future products.  We have invested heavily in our quality processes over the years, and our global regulatory teams have placed us in a strong position to take advantage of the opportunities that are now in front of us. Our ability to identify, execute and integrate acquisitions--like the 2012 deal for Neomend, Inc., and its Progel® surgical sealant--is better than it has ever been, with seasoned business development teams across the entire organization. Finally, our world-class manufacturing and distribution capabilities enable us to efficiently provide high-quality products to our customers and their patients. Opportunities for Growth With a comparatively low share in emerging markets, Bard has plenty of room to grow. We are investing in knowledgeable local teams, sales professionals and clinical training to demonstrate how our products can improve the delivery of healthcare. 
3

 While we believe the pressure on device utilization in our developed geographic markets may be here to stay, long-term demographic trends are favorable to the industry. There are approximately 10,000 Americans turning 65 every day for the next 20 years, with similar trends in our other markets. This means that at some point, the change in patient volume should begin to turn from negative to positive. With that anticipated volume will come an increased focus on economic data, and as we discussed above, proving the value proposition of our products has become a critical priority.  With our recent acquisitions of Lutonix, Inc., Medivance, Inc., and Neomend, Inc., we are investing in new growth platforms that represent a combined long-term potential global market of about $3 billion. We are in the very early days of market penetration with these technologies, and are building a leadership position in each of them. Finally, the potential resolution of the W. L. Gore litigation would provide additional cash that we plan to invest in strategic growth initiatives. These key investment opportunities have been identified, and execution has already started. Our objective with this plan is to improve our core growth rate for many years to come. Our Investment Plan Starting with a bottoms-up process that identified well over 100 strategic investment opportunities, we prioritized over 40 projects that we believe the market will embrace. We believe this multi-year plan will enable us to return to sustainable, above-market top- and bottom-line growth.  The investments fall into three major categories that align with the competencies and opportunities described above:  ·W  e are accelerating our expansion into faster-growing geographies where we have built a strong foundation and have demonstrated the ability to execute our product leadership strategy. These investments are designed to expand our presence more quickly and to bring several years of planned growth forward into the next couple of years. ·W  e plan to dramatically increase our investment in R&D, with a deliberate focus on market categories that are new for Bard. At the same time, we are optimistic that an infusion of investment into our core platforms will strengthen our competitive position. We also plan to invest in bolstering clinical and economic evidence and expanding international product registrations at a faster pace. ·W  e have always said that our first priority for cash is strategic, and that our measurement of success is long-term above-market performance. To that end, we will seek to acquire growth platforms that are designed to change the mix of our product portfolio toward faster, sustainable growth and profitability.





Our healthy free cash flow generation and strong balance sheet provide us the flexibility to make these strategic moves to grow the business while still returning meaningful value to our shareholders.
4

Management and the Board of Directors Our seasoned Board of Directors continued to provide us broad perspective and steadfast guidance as we navigate a changing global environment and make investments to drive faster growth. On the management side, we bid farewell to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Todd Schermerhorn, who played a key role in Bard's success over the last 27 years. We thank him for his tireless service and contributions, and wish him the very best in retirement.  Christopher Holland joined the organization in May 2012 as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and we welcome his financial, operations and business-development acumen as the leader of our finance team. Measuring Success We remain convinced that product leadership is the key to long-term success in the medical technology industry. We will stay close to our global customers and provide them with innovative, clinically effective medical devices that reduce overall costs for the healthcare system while helping them meet the needs of their patients (see page 10).  We believe that the investment plan that we have outlined here will move us toward delivering above-market top- and bottom-line growth on a sustainable basis. This is what we expect of ourselves, and we know it is what shareholders expect of us. We measure success over the long term, and we're very excited about the future.  We speak for everyone at Bard when we thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support.

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

February 25, 2013
5

