DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Bard has come a long way in the two years since we outlined a new and ambitious three-year strategic investment plan. At the time, our organic growth was flat, and we explained that our focus would be on returning to growth. In 2014, we were pleased to see sequential improvement in our organic growth rate each quarter, finishing the year in the mid-single digits.

2 C. R. Bard, Inc. 2014 Annual Report



As we move into 2015, we remain focused on the execution of this investment plan.

By continuing our efforts to expand into faster-growing geographies; invest in research and development (R&D) in faster-growing product segments; and acquire new growth platforms, we expect to continue to shift the mix of our product portfolio toward faster, sustainable growth and profitability. INTERNATIONAL MARKETS We have expanded our presence in international markets. As anticipated in our strategic investment plan, our emerging market sales continued to increase and, by the end of 2014, represented about 9% of our total revenue. Overall, about a third of our worldwide sales representatives are now located in emerging markets.  We are seeing higher productivity from our international teams as they become more established and broaden their scope and capabilities. Today, 65% of our global work force is located outside the United States. We have expanded our international product offerings and have a pipeline of existing products that await regulatory approval in new markets. In fact, last year, we registered 192 new products internationally. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We had been eagerly anticipating the launch of the Lutonix® 035 drug-coated balloon (see page 7) since we acquired the technology in late 2011. Following the most rigorous clinical trial in our history and after a unanimous favorable vote from the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) review panel, we received their approval to market the Lutonix® balloon in the U.S. on October 10, 2014. We began shipping product to customers immediately, with the first procedures performed the following day. In February 2015, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services approved a supplemental reimbursement to cover additional costs to U.S. hospitals for treating Medicare beneficiaries with the Lutonix® balloon in the outpatient setting. Less than 20 products have received such an approval since 2002 in all of health care, including pharmaceuticals.  The Lutonix® balloon serves as a good example of how we intend to shift the mix of our portfolio to faster revenue growth categories. We first acquired a potential game-changing technology platform, invested in further development and clinical research, and then became the first-to-market in the U.S. in a new fast-growing segment through careful and diligent execution.  Our investments in R&D led to the launch of over 40 new products in 2014. Besides the Lutonix® balloon, key launches included XenmatrixTM AB, the first antibacterial-coated biological mesh; a DigniShield® stool management system with medication delivery capabilities; the Site~Rite Vision® II ultrasound system with integrated tip tracking and tip confirmation for PICCs; new cooling pad configurations for our Arctic Sun® targeted temperature management system

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2014 Annual Report 3

for use with neonates and pediatric patients; new sizes of our Fluency® Plus endovascular stent graft; the LifeStreamTM balloon expandable vascular covered stent; and the SureStepTM Foley tray system.  Last spring, we opened a new design center in China, further underscoring the importance of this market not just in terms of sales, but in the generation of new technologies. Products developed at this center will not only be designed to local regulatory requirements, but to global standards with the potential to be sold in virtually any geographic market. CHANGING THE MIX In business development, we have focused on entering new markets with technologies that offer the potential for above-average growth. Examples of new market segments we have entered this way include drug-coated balloons, targeted temperature management, biosurgery, valvuloplasty and home care.  This year we marked the one-year anniversaries of the acquisitions of Rochester Medical, Inc., (including the Magic3® intermittent catheter featured on page 8) and Medafor, Inc., and both have become key revenue drivers for our urology and biosurgery franchises, respectively. We remain very active in the assessment of potential acquisitions that will help further accelerate the growth profile of our product portfolio.  At the same time, we have been focusing on health and economic data to provide Value Analysis Committees, and other stakeholders at hospitals and large integrated delivery networks, with the clinical and economic evidence to support our products. These data typically demonstrate how Bard's products add value by solving clinical problems while reducing costs across the spectrum of care. REVISED MISSION STATEMENT As the world of health care continues to evolve, we feel it is important that we acknowledge all of the ways we access and serve our various customers. In 2014, we reviewed our Strategic Summary and our Mission Statement and realized that while they still had a great deal of validity, neither was broad enough to capture our mission as we see it today.  More people are receiving the care they need outside of the inpatient setting compared to just a few years ago. We have been increasing our focus on patients wherever they may be while continuing to build on our strong story of performance in the acute-care setting. We continue to work alongside clinicians as they address variability in their care delivery. We can help them improve quality while enhancing patient satisfaction and addressing the total cost along the continuum of care, regardless of where the treatment occurs.  With these ideas in mind, we modified our Mission Statement to affirm Bard's position as a leader in the worldwide health care industry, today and in the future:

4 C. R. Bard, Inc. 2014 Annual Report



To advance lives and the delivery of health care by profitably developing, manufacturing 

and marketing value-driven products which meet the quality, integrity, service and innovation  expectations of our customers and patients while providing opportunities for our employees.  As a result, we will optimize shareholder value and be a respected worldwide health care company. MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS We continue to benefit from the capable guidance and counsel of our experienced Board of Directors, which remains unchanged since last year.  On the management side, we bid farewell to three executive officers: Gary D. Dolch, PhD, Senior Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Medical Affairs; Peter M. Kreindler, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Bronwen K. Kelly, Vice President, Human Resources. We thank each of them for their contributions to Bard, and wish them all the best in retirement.  We are excited to welcome Samrat S. Khichi as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, and Betty D. Larson as Vice President, Human Resources. In addition, Patricia G. Christian was promoted to Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Medical Affairs with the retirement of Gary Dolch. THE YEAR AHEAD Our objective is to position Bard to deliver above-market revenue growth for years to come. We believe the investments we have made--and plan to make in 2015--will improve the organic engine of the company in both revenue and profitability.  We can only achieve sustainable long-term growth with the entire organization aligned and focused on the execution of our strategic investment plan. We thank our employees for the hard work and commitment they demonstrated in 2014.  As we work to further accelerate the growth profile of the business, we thank you, our shareholders, for your steadfast support. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2015

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

C. R. Bard, Inc. 2014 Annual Report 5

