                02 BRC ANNUAL REPORT 2018
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
I am delighted to present to you the annual report of BRC Asia Limited (“BRC”) for the financial year ended 2018 (“FY2018”). Having experienced some challenging business environment in the past few years, we delivered a remarkable performance in FY2018.
A Remarkable Year
In July 2018, the Group completed the S$200-million acquisition of the 100% stake in Lee Metal Group Ltd (“Lee Metal”). Established in 1982, Lee Metal is a distributor and fabricator of steel products and a recognised international trader of steel and steel-related products in Southeast Asia. The merger of the two equally large entities strengthened our capabilities in prefabricated steel reinforcement significantly. With the expanded production capacity and customer network, we enhanced our presence in our core Singapore market and laid a solid foundation for the Group’s long-term growth.
Financially, we reported a strong set of results, contributed by both BRC’s original business and Lee Metal. As a result of the consolidation of Lee Metal’s accounts from June 2018 onwards, the Group’s revenue increased by 83% to S$567 million. More importantly, despite absorbing significant post-acquisition losses from Lee Metal’s operations and provisions in June 2018, earnings from continuing operations increased by over five fold to S$12 million in FY2018 compared to FY2017. The Group’s gross profit margin and operating profit margin both showed encouraging improvement, an early sign of efficiency gains from economies of scale.
As the operations of the Group gradually stabilised after the acquisition, in September 2018 the Group formally appointed a new management team with extensive experience and knowledge in their respective fields. The clear allocation of responsibilities and leadership in each function have facilitated a smooth and efficient integration process, and sets stage for the enlarged entity to better materialise the benefits of the merger such as cost-saving, cross-selling, optimisation of resource allocation, improvement in productivity and achieving economies of scale.
  
                Market conditions in Singapore
According to the quarterly survey published by the Monetary Authority of Singapore in September 2018, private-sector economists maintained their growth forecast for the Singapore economy at 3.2 per cent in 2018. However, the outlook for the domestic property market and the construction sector has become less encouraging as the recent official real estate statistics suggested, the development pipelines for public housing and retail properties declined. On a positive note, the wave of en-bloc property transactions since 2017 has replenished the severely depleted pipeline for the development and construction of private residential properties. In addition, the pipeline for executive condominiums, offices, hotels and industrial properties segments remains healthy. While the recovery from the multi-year weak market has not been an explosive one, the overall demand for reinforcing steel in Singapore is expected to be at least stable in the near future.
Growth Potential Overseas
Since 2017, it has been the Group’s long-term strategy to look beyond Singapore for its future growth, and our existing overseas operations in Malaysia and China provide the Group with well-functioning platforms to tap into other markets. Malaysia’s residential and non- residential buildings sector is expected to grow by 4.4% in real terms in 2018 and at an annual average of 3.7% between 2018 and 2027 . In China, despite concerns on slower economic growth and marginally lower demand for steel, total steel demand for 2019 is estimated at a sizable 722 million tonnes , supported by ongoing urbanisation. On top of the sheer absolute size of the market, steel prefabrication as a method of construction is expected to gain popularity and enter a fast-growing phase because of the government-led, nationwide push for green construction. It is estimated that the steel prefabrication market will grow at a compound annual rate of 14%-24% in neutral and optimistic scenarios respectively from 2018 to 2020 .
BRC’s Just-In-Time Total Prefabricated Reinforcing Steel Solutions will play an important role in enhancing productivity and safety and reduce wastage and pollution in construction activities, and our expertise will stand us in good stead to gain an edge in fast-growing markets in Southeast Asia and beyond as and when the timing is appropriate.
Outlook and Appreciation
Since the acquisition of Lee Metal, the Group has been streamlining operations and assets, so as to improve our cost efficiency, offer better products and services to customers and realise economies of scale. This will continue to be our main focus in 2019. Looking ahead, drawing on the talents of a collective, integrated team, we will explore ways to capitalise on BRC’s outstanding capabilities in prefabricated steel reinforcement both in Singapore and overseas, further improve our financial performance, and continue to create value for our customers and shareholders.
We are immensely grateful for the unwavering support from our shareholders, without which the acquisition of Lee Metal would not have been possible. Therefore, as a token of appreciation, a final dividend of 1 Singapore cent per ordinary share for FY2018 had been proposed.
The past financial year has been a transformational one, building on which we aspire to grow the business to the next level. Our Board of Directors and management team will focus on providing the guidance and support and facilitating effective, entrepreneurial and prudent management that can deliver long-term and sustainable success for the Group and our shareholders.
MR. TEO SER LUCK
CHAIRMAN
BRC ASIA LIMITED
The merger of the two equally large entities strengthened our capabilities in prefabricated steel reinforcement significantly. With the expanded production capacity and customer network, we enhanced our presence in our core Singapore market and laid a solid foundation for the Group’s long-term growth.
PREFAB FOR PRODUCTIVITY 03
 