To Our Shareholders:

In 2011, we were pleased with our overall performance despite ongoing challenges posed by the U.S. healthcare market. We have demonstrated that our product leadership strategy works in both good times and bad. As we focus on developing innovative, differentiated products that reduce overall costs for the healthcare system while helping clinicians meet the needs of their patients, we believe we can be successful in any environment.
2

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 In challenging economic times, successful companies navigate short-term uncertainty while positioning for long-term success. We do this by focusing our investments into three key areas:  ·f  aster growth products and segments with sustainable leadership potential; ·g  eographic markets that are both fast-growing and profitable; and · cost-saving initiatives to improve our profitability.





 In addition, today's environment requires more clinical and economic evidence to support the use of medical technology. In 2011, we were involved in 51 clinical trials-- more than ever before. That number includes a major clinical trial in Japan, a truly international effort that brought together our experts from the United States, Germany and our Japanese joint venture, Medicon. Our prior investments in business development and emerging markets provided excellent growth in the current period, while we also made some key acquisitions that we expect will provide strong results longer term. These acquisitions provide new platforms where we can leverage our sales and marketing, manufacturing, and research and development (R&D) capabilities to propel future growth. The following performance highlights are just a few examples of our achievements in 2011.

VASCULAR In the third quarter, we launched the Encor EnspireTM biopsy system, the next generation of our console-based vacuum assisted breast biopsy technology that we acquired in 2010 (see page 8). This new platform features single-insertion, multiple-sample capability, local anesthesia delivery, simplified sample tracking and an ultra-sharp tip design for reduced trauma during insertion. These features, along with its simplified user interface and ergonomic design, have been well-received by the market. The newest product in our Finesse® Ultra breast biopsy family, the Finesse® Ultra 10 probe, maintains the benefits of vacuum-assisted biopsy and the ability to take multiple samples through a single insertion while delivering larger tissue samples, all in a self-contained handheld unit.  Growth in our peripheral vascular stent business has been dominated by advancements in the treatment of lesions in the superficial femoral artery (SFA). With the LifeStent® vascular stent, we enter 2012 with the only stent in the U.S. market indicated for use in the SFA. Building on our success, we recently launched the 200 mm LifeStent® Solo stent with three-year pivotal trial data that shows 75.5% freedom from target lesion revascularization, versus only 41.8% for percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) alone.  Much of our recent internal pipeline and business development activities in Vascular have focused on the
3

Emerging Markets
Sales growth in emerging markets was particularly strong in 2011, with China leading the way. Over the past three years, we've added close to 300 people in emerging markets in South America, Europe and Asia, setting Bard up for sustained growth in the future. Growing these markets means training clinicians on advanced products and new techniques.  In 2010, Bard opened a training center in Shanghai, the first of several that are planned for China. In 2011, we held our first event at our new Beijing Science Center-- a live remote broadcast of a ventral hernia repair being performed at Beijing Chaoyang Hospital, which was attended by 120 leading surgeons from China and included presentations by experts from around the world.  Between the Beijing and Shanghai Science Centers, over 2,300 healthcare providers were trained in 2011 alone, including the nurses pictured below, who are learning to place peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) on simulated patient models at a hands-on lab at the Shanghai center.

unmet needs in the lower limb arterial disease space. The CrosserTM CTO Recanalization Catheter, acquired in 2010, enables physicians to penetrate a hardened occlusion and, in combination with angioplasty, restore arterial blood flow. In 2011, the acquisition of ClearStream Technologies Ltd. brought us additional angioplasty products distributed in key international markets, along with the vertical integration of an important technology. These developments moved Bard into the product leadership position in PTA, and we think the December purchase of Lutonix Inc. and its drug-coated balloon technology could ultimately be a game-changer in this area. Drug-coated balloons have received growing attention in recent years as physicians look for effective ways to treat diseased arteries without having to leave a permanent implant behind. The Lutonix drug-coated balloon is based on the ClearStream PTA platform, and is the first and only drug-coated balloon technology under investigational device exemption from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), giving us a significant head start on competitors in the United States.
4

UROLOGY The majority of our growth in the mature basic drainage segment of the urology market has been outside of the United States. We have also seen some growth in the home-based intermittent catheter segment in the United States due to a change in reimbursement rules in 2008. Previously, patients were only reimbursed for one catheter per week; today they are reimbursed for a new catheter for every use, up to 200 per month. We expect to build on our momentum in this area with the future launch of the Comfort GlideTM synthetic latex hydrophilic intermittent catheter. The DigniCare® Stool Management System (SMS) has been a strong performer since its launch in 2009, and we expect to further improve our position with the rollout of DigniShieldTM SMS. This device builds upon the best features of the DigniCare® SMS, including a proprietary cuff designed for reduced pressure and a tight seal to prevent leakage, odor and skin breakdown while maintaining bowel integrity. The Q4 2011 purchase of Medivance Inc. and its Arctic Sun® temperature management system (see page 11) gave us an entry into the promising therapeutic hypothermia market, allowing us to leverage our large and experienced critical care sales force. In recent years, accurate manipulation of body temperature to targeted levels has emerged as an effective treatment option for a variety of critically ill patients. The American Heart Association, The American Stroke Association, The Brain Trauma Foundation and various international medical associations have issued therapeutic hypothermia guidelines as the clinical data supporting this practice have grown. Utilizing a proprietary set of external hydrogel adhesive cooling pads, the Arctic Sun® temperature management system dramatically increases heat transfer and rapidly cools the patient to therapeutic temperatures with precise control. With a robust R&D pipeline, this acquisition puts Bard in a position for sustained product leadership in an exciting and growing space. ONCOLOGY Our ultrasound and imaging technology not only enables the placement of our access devices, it drives more effective utilization of PICCs within the clinical setting. We rolled out the SapiensTM Tip Confirmation System (see page 7) throughout 2011, with a 91% adoption rate among those accounts that evaluated the technology and made a final purchase decision. More than half of those adopters have already eliminated confirmatory X-rays from their protocols, meaning the SapiensTM Tip Confirmation System has eliminated over 100,000 X-rays on an annualized basis, saving the healthcare system millions of dollars in direct costs, improving the speed of treatment for patients and reducing radiation exposure to clinicians and patients alike.

Our integrated Sherlock 3CGTM Tip Confirmation System, which combines our ultrasound platform with Sherlock® catheter tracking and our SapiensTM Tip Confirmation System, is anticipated for launch in the United States in the first half of 2012 and in other international markets in the second half of the year.  While we continue to support the growth of the PICC nursing market in the United States, we're replicating this approach outside of the United States--and especially in emerging markets, where PICCs are our biggest opportunity for growth (see sidebar, page 4). The concept of treating patients with a clinically effective vascular access device that offers the cost savings and convenience of bedside placement resonates with clinicians in many markets. SURGICAL SPECIALTIES In 2011, we launched the Echo PSTM Positioning System, a unique laparoscopic delivery technology that significantly improves and simplifies ventral hernia repair procedures. At the same time, our lighter-weight VentralightTM ST mesh with a Sepra® resorbable barrier drove adoption through excellent outcomes and enhanced abdominal wall compliance. In addition, the recent launch of VentrioTM ST mesh boosted our growth in open ventral repair.  In umbilical hernia repair, there are approximately 350,000 procedures performed globally every year. The addition of the VentralexTM ST mesh enhanced our strong market leadership position in 2011. For biologic hernia repair, we offer a comprehensive line of both allograft and xenograft products, all of which are virally inactivated and offer terminal sterilization to enhance safety. These tissues provide a receptive collagen scaffold to strengthen and promote the patient's natural healing process. Hernia repair is experiencing substantial growth in emerging markets, where we have put significant investment into both procedural and product training (see sidebar, page 4).  In addition to its use in hernia repair, AlloMax® tissue is also used in breast reconstruction, which has become a significant growth opportunity for Bard. We anticipate further market expansion as biologically derived materials--such as our AlloMax® 1 mm tissue used in bilateral breast reconstruction following mastectomy--continue to demonstrate clinical benefits. MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our longest-tenured Director, T. Kevin Dunnigan, retired from our Board of Directors in 2011, having provided sage counsel to us since 1994 while serving on the Audit, Executive and Finance Committees. We certainly benefited from the invaluable insight that Kevin gathered during his four decades at Thomas & Betts Corporation, from which he retired as Chairman in 2005. In January 2012,

we welcomed G. Mason Morfit to the Board of Directors. Mason is a partner of ValueAct Capital, one of Bard's largest shareholders. The membership of our Board is otherwise unchanged and brings a wealth of experience, diverse perspectives and steadfast guidance to the organization. On the management side, we bid farewell to retiring executives Christopher D. Ganser, Vice President, Quality, Environmental Services and Safety; James M. Howard II, Vice President, Regulatory and Quality Systems Excellence; and Robert L. Mellen, Vice President, Strategic Planning and Business Development. LOOKING AHEAD TO 2012 Product leadership remains a strategic priority for Bard, and more than ever, that means focusing on value for our customers around the world. It has always been our goal to have the number one or number two product in the markets in which we compete, and, to do so, we strive to offer high-quality clinical solutions that improve outcomes while lowering the overall costs to patients, clinicians and the healthcare system.  We're proud of the contributions made by our more than 12,000 colleagues around the world who work together to provide products that benefit clinicians and patients. We speak for everyone at Bard when we thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support and confidence.

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

John H. Weiland President and Chief Operating Officer

February 27, 2012
5

