Vincent A. Forlenza
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

During this transformative year, we repositioned BD as a global leader in medication management and healthcare safety solutions with the $12 billion acquisition of CareFusion. Combining with CareFusion advances our strategy to deliver end- to-end solutions that increase efficiency, reduce medication errors and improve both healthcare worker and patient safety across all healthcare settings. At the same time, we entered the genomics space with the acquisitions of GenCell Biosystems and Cellular Research combined with our more than 30 years of experience in cell-sorting technologies. We're seeking to improve the sample management process in the fast-growing arena of next generation sequencing (NGS) by helping customers increase workflow efficiency, improve outcomes and reduce costs. The underlying principle that guided our CareFusion integration efforts was as simple as it was ambitious: to focus our work on creating a new and better

healthcare company. Our teams were charged with more than just identifying synergy opportunities; they also had to challenge themselves to transform the organization and how we work. We made integrating cultures a top priority, rearticulating our company purpose to reflect our leadership role in Advancing the world of health. We also refreshed our brand identity and introduced a new set of value statements to reflect the strengths and beliefs of both legacy organizations. Our merger doubled the size of the BD Medical segment during the year, and as a combined company, we became a leader in the $20 billion medication management space. With this strong foundation in place, we've been able to make significant progress integrating CareFusion and BD. We are creating end-to-end solutions across the care continuum-- from the hospital, to alternate care and retail settings, to the home-- to improve healthcare efficiency, quality

By all measures, fiscal 2015 was a historic year for BD, unlike any other in our 118-year history. It has been my distinct pleasure and privilege to be at the helm as we evolve into a bigger, better and bolder company-- a "New BD" that will be stronger and more relevant than ever before.

BD 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

1

Advancing the world of health

The New BD-- structured to serve customers with unique solutions

BD MEDICAL
I N N O V AT I V E O F F E R I N G S
Diabetes Care Medication Management Solutions Medication and Procedural Solutions Pharmaceutical Systems Respiratory Solutions

ChloraPrep® Skin Antiseptic BD EclipseTM Needle REDUCE the spread of infection ENHANCE diabetes treatment ADVANCE drug delivery IMPROVE respiratory care and surgical procedures PROVIDE effective and safe medication management

BUSINESSES

BD CatoTM Medication Workflow Solution Pyxis MedStation® ES System Alaris® System BD NanoTM 4mm Pen Needle BD AutoShield DuoTM Pen Needle BD HypakTM Glass Prefillable Syringes AVEA® Ventilators

BD LIFE SCIENCES
I N N O V AT I V E O F F E R I N G S

BD Vacutainer ® Blood Collection Tubes BD KiestraTM Laboratory Automation BD VeritorTM System BD MAXTM System BD FACSPrestoTM Near-Patient CD4 Counter BD Horizon BrilliantTM BD LSRFortessaTM X-20 Cell Analyzer

BUSINESSES

Biosciences Diagnostic Systems Preanalytical Systems

DELIVERING OUTCOMES

BD Vacutainer ® Push Button Blood Collection Set

DELIVERING OUTCOMES

BD IntelliportTM Medication Management System

ADVANCE the science and applications associated with cellular analysis IMPROVE lab efficiency and outcomes from sample collection to diagnostic result ENHANCE infectious disease diagnosis and management

ChloraPrep® Skin Antiseptic

Pyxis MedStation® ES System

SERVING CUSTOMERS

Hospitals and clinics Physicians Government and public health agencies Healthcare workers Retail pharmacies Pharmaceutical and biotech companies Consumers
BD AutoShield DuoTM Pen Needle

Alaris® System

BD PhysiojectTM Disposable Autoinjector

SERVING CUSTOMERS

Research, clinic, industrial and reference laboratories Blood banks Hospitals and clinics Alternate site healthcare Public health agencies Academic and government institutions Pharmaceutical and biotech companies
BD FACSAriaTM Fusion Flow Cytometer

BD Vacutainer ® Blood Collection Tubes

BD KiestraTM Laboratory Automation

and outcomes. During the year, we also advanced our chronic disease management strategy, expanding our impact in diabetes management beyond products for insulin injection. While much of the spotlight this past year was on the BD Medical segment as a result of the CareFusion acquisition, we also made strategic investments in our BD Life Sciences segment, which remains an important growth driver for BD as we aim to improve lab efficiency and outcomes from sample to diagnostic result. We believe our GenCell and Cellular Research portfolio additions-- in combination with our robust innovation pipeline and our experience developing research-to-clinical applications--puts us well on the path toward "democratizing" NGS by improving workflow efficiency and outcomes and driving down costs in the sample management process.

With our progress in fiscal 2015 and our growth strategies for fiscal 2016 and beyond, we are very well positioned to become a more customer-centric provider of world-class, quality, innovative healthcare products and solutions-- a company focused on increasing access, improving outcomes, mitigating healthcare system cost pressures and protecting patients and healthcare workers. While we continue to expand our leadership and relevance in the spaces, care settings and geographies that we have served so well for so long, we are also beginning to extend into emerging areas-- including digital health and single cell genomics, and adjacent care settings across the patient care continuum-- to ensure we are well aligned as our dynamic industry continues to evolve.

BD's global footprint, scale and infrastructure creates even more opportunity for our businesses around the world.

REVENUE(1) BY REGION
(billions of dollars)

$

UNITED STATES

5.1
$

$

EUROPE

2.4

GREATER ASIA

1.2

$

1.5

OTHER(2)

(1)

(2)

Values in this exhibit reflect rounded numbers. Other comprises Canada, Latin America, and EMA (which includes the Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa).

REVENUE(1) BY SEGMENT
(billions of dollars)

$ $

1.0 1.0 2.9

Diabetes Care Medication Management Solutions Medication and Procedural Solutions Pharmaceutical Systems Respiratory Solutions

$

Biosciences Diagnostic Systems Preanalytical Systems

$ $

1.1 1.3 1.4

$

10.3
TOTAL REVENUE

$

1.2 0.4

$

$

$

3.8
(1)

$
Values in this exhibit reflect rounded numbers.

BD LIFE SCIENCES

BD MEDICAL

6.5

OUR VALUES

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

developed markets, we will continue to see more balanced top-line contributions from the U.S. and international markets going forward. Although emerging markets will represent a lower percentage of overall company revenues, we continue to invest in these higher-growth areas and are working to create new growth opportunities for CareFusion products in these markets by leveraging the BD international infrastructure. Our strong top-line growth carried through to the bottom line as our adjusted diluted earnings per share exceeded our guidance range for the year. This was due, in part, to merger- related cost savings. Through the tremendous work of our functional integration teams, we exceeded our internal cost-savings targets for the first year of the CareFusion merger. We now expect to deliver between $325 million and $350 million in cost

We do what is right We take personal responsibility We anticipate and address the challenges of patients and customers globally We innovate and improve continuously We respect, collaborate, challenge and care about each other

Overall, our financial results for fiscal 2015 were very strong, closing out a historic year for BD. We exceeded $10 billion in revenues, driven primarily by the addition of the CareFusion portfolio during the second half of the fiscal year and solid performance in our core businesses. Including the results of CareFusion in both the current- and prior-year periods, our revenues increased in line with our long-term goal of delivering top-line growth in the mid-single digits annually. These results also reflected the benefit of our diverse geographic and product portfolio, as we saw solid contributions from both the BD Medical and BD Life Sciences segments as well as our global markets. We delivered strong growth in the U.S. region, and because CareFusion revenues are predominantly derived from

BD 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

2/3 3

Advancing the world of health

savings by fiscal 2018, up from our earlier target of $250 million. Further, we demonstrated a balanced approach to capital deployment in fiscal 2015. We paid off $1 billion in debt used to partially fund the CareFusion acquisition and increased our dividend for the 43rd consecutive year. We will balance the investments we make in organic and inorganic growth opportunities and in efficiency improvements with our targeted leverage goals while increasing our dividend in line with long-term earnings growth. We believe the combination of

our business and geographic diversity, our balanced capital allocation and focus on efficiency provides a long-term pathway toward sustainable, profitable growth.
DRIVING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION

the year, we reinvested more than 6 percent of revenues in R&D, funding the development of new products that we believe will help us drive and sustain our growth over the long term. We entered the fiscal year with more products in our pipeline than ever before and expect to launch more than 15 new products in fiscal 2016 alone. In recognition of our sustained efforts to create a culture of innovation, BD was honored by the Product Development and Management Association with its prestigious 2015 Outstanding Corporate

BD continued to focus on innovation in fiscal 2015 to drive future financial performance and growth. The combined efforts of our internal teams and our external strategic partners and alliances helped us to build a pipeline of new, clinically differentiated products. During

ADVANCING MEDICATION MANAGEMENT

BD became the global leader in the $20 billion medication management industry with the acquisition of CareFusion. The new extended portfolio of products provides a complete end-to-end solution from pharmacy to patient.

Using the C A R E F U S I O N

S M A R T W O R K S P L AT F O R M
as the communication backbone between our solutions and Health IT systems, BD offers a safer and more efficient way to procure, store, prep, track, dispense, administer and analyze medications across a health system and the entire continuum of care. The platform leverages innovative technologies including BD CatoTM Medication Workflow Solutions for safer and more efficient drug preparation, the Pyxis® ES system for enterprise medication dispensing, the Alaris® System for safe IV and advanced analytics that provide decision support and medication adherence capabilities.

TH

ER A

PY M A N AGEM

EN

T

DOCUMENT
MON

PROCURE
ITOR

Patient
N
CE


DE

TRACK

SI

CI

ON

DISPENSE

SUPPORT

ADMINISTER
E MED ADH

PICK

PREP

Car rks eFusi on SmartWo

RE

CHECK

ADVANCING GENOMICS AND LABORATORY PRODUCTIVITY

BD Life Sciences is entering the high-growth genomics area through internal developments combined with strategic acquisitions. Our differentiated platforms create a base to further grow our genomics offering, leaving BD wellpositioned to add long-term value by providing researchers and clinicians leading technologies that are efficient, scalable, high quality and cost effective.
BD is launching its first dedicated solution specifically for single cell genomics applications with B D FA C S s e qTM combination enables thousands of cells to be analyzed accurately, quickly, easily and affordably. Understanding the genomic differences of individual cell types provides unique insights into disease characteristics that have the potential to identify new approaches for developing targeted therapies.

C E L L S O R T E R, a high-throughput cell sorter designed for single cell genomic studies, combined with B D

P R E C I S E TM A S S AY S for single
cell gene expression analysis. The

Innovator Award. This recognition validates our efforts over the past five years to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our R&D programs and to transform our product development system, processes and approach to drive commercial excellence and better deliver on market and customer needs in alignment with our global growth strategies.
PURSUING OUR PURPOSE

We will continue our track record of shared-value creation, seeking out opportunities to serve unmet societal needs through business models and initiatives that also contribute to our commercial success. We embrace the opportunity to make a meaningful difference in the lives of others and in the communities we call home. This year marked the 10th anniversary of the BD Volunteer Service Trip, a unique opportunity that pairs BD volunteers with selected healthcare organizations and programs that serve at-risk populations. Over the past decade, more than 110 volunteers have been deployed to 20 countries to share their compassion and expertise to help strengthen local healthcare services and improve the overall quality of life and health for the people they serve.

Such endeavors earned BD a spot on FORTUNE magazine's first-ever "Change the World" list, which acknowledges companies that make a sizable impact on major social or environmental problems as part of their competitive strategy. For me, this recognition is a testament to the unique--and rewarding--opportunity our associates have as part of BD, where employees can fulfill their life's work through their work life.
CONCLUSION

While much is changing at BD, the core of who we are and what we stand for has not wavered. Our purpose-- Advancing the world of health--highlights our expanded role as an industry leader and reinforces our commitment and ability to improve healthcare around the globe.

As we look forward, the prospects for the New BD are stronger than ever. Our diversified Medical and Life Sciences segments offer clinically differentiated products and innovative solutions that span discovery and delivery and

BD 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

4/5 5

Advancing the world of health

anticipate and address our customers' and healthcare systems' most pressing challenges. Our global footprint, scale and infrastructure create even more opportunity for BD to help increase healthcare access and improve outcomes. We are guided by a clear strategy grounded in customer needs, a renewed purpose, a strong commitment to our values and a refreshed brand identity that signals our transformation to a bigger, better, bolder BD is firmly underway. There are many people who deserve thanks for this incredible year, especially the 45,000 associates around the world who are pulling together to create the New BD. Chief among them is Bill Kozy, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, whom I want to thank for the exemplary work he and his team are doing to lead the successful integration of CareFusion and BD. After 41 years with BD, Bill has announced his retirement. He will stay with us through the

end of March 2016 to ensure a successful transition of his integration duties to Chris Reidy, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Administrative Officer. Bill has demonstrated a relentless commitment to operational excellence to our customers and associates and has had a profound influence on us all. I want to express my gratitude for his leadership as well as my congratulations on his reaching this key milestone. I also want to extend my personal thanks to two of our Board members-- Henry Becton, Jr. and Edward DeGraan-- who are retiring following the 2016 Annual Meeting. Ed is stepping down after 12 years of dedicated service, during which he provided valuable leadership to management and the Board in a number of areas. Henry has served on the Board since 1987 and is transitioning to the role of Director Emeritus following the 2016 Annual Meeting. His broad business background, coupled with his extensive

personal knowledge of BD, has made him an invaluable resource to the company. While I'm proud of the many accomplishments we achieved this past year, I'm more excited about the future--about the potential developing within BD, the opportunities to reshape and redefine our industry and the positive impact we can have Advancing the world of health. I look forward to sharing this journey with you and want to thank you for your ongoing support and investment in BD. Sincerely,

Vincent A. Forlenza Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

2015 AWARDS, RECOGNITIONS AND AFFILIATIONS
*

TOP 100
GLOBAL INNOVATORS

2015 THOMSON REUTERS

Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index, since 2005 FORTUNE--"Change the World" List 2015 Center for Political Accountability--Top Leader in Disclosure and Accountability 2015 CEO Cancer Gold StandardTM Accreditation

Top Employers Africa 2015-- Top Employers Institute Best Places for Women & Diverse Managers to Work--Diversity MBA 50 Out Front for Diversity Leadership Work-Life Seal of Distinction-- WorldatWorks's Alliance for Work-Life Progress® FTSE4Good Index, since 2003

Practice Greenhealth--Champion for Change Environmental Excellence U.S. EPA Green Power Leadership Award U.S. EPA SmartWay® Transport Partner--Member WindmadeTM--Pioneer Company

* FORTUNE is a registered trademark of Time Inc. and is used under license. From FORTUNE Magazine © 2015 Time Inc. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Licensee.

