· Developing enhancements in medical technology that respond to our corporate purpose of "helping all people live healthy lives," thereby making great contributions to society. · Engaging and motivating a diverse group of associates by providing the tools, learning and environment required to make BD a great place to work. I refer to these objectives as the three "greats," and I believe that it is not possible to sustain one without the others. Only when To our shareholders: In reviewing BD's performance for 2001, I want to build upon last year's letter to shareholders, my first as CEO. In that letter, I sought to report on what we had accomplished during the year, as well as to provide you with a better understanding of the enterprise we are building. We are striving to be a high-performance medical technology innovator that is considered by our customers and associates to be a great company. This is a continuous process. In my view, greatness requires that we accomplish three interdependent objectives that build upon and reinforce each other: · Achieving consistent and sustainable top-tier financial and operational results, which translates into great performance. Financial Highlights our customers, shareholders and associates determine that we have achieved great performance, made great contributions to society and become a great place to work will we feel that we indeed have become a great company. I am pleased to report that over the past year we made substantial progress in each of these three areas.

Commitment to performance Fiscal 2001 was a year in which the promises we made at the end of 2000 were promises we kept. Driven by growth in our core businesses and, importantly, by a nearly 100 basis-point improvement in comparable operating margin, we delivered earnings growth in line with our commitments while also strengthening the balance sheet. Among financial highlights, 2001 revenues increased approximately 4 percent over 2000 (7 percent at constant foreign exchange rates ) and net income, in line with expectations, was $438 million (before the cumulative effect of an accounting change), or $1.63 a share. The revenue increases reflect growth in all three worldwide segments; in particular, sales of our safetyengineered products exceeded our projections and BD Biosciences showed strength across the board. Additional revenue drivers included Pharmaceutical Systems and contributions from our two new clinical

Thousands of dollars, except per-share amounts 2001 Operating Results Revenues Income Before Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle Diluted earnings per share, before cumulative effect Dividends per common share 1.63 .38 1.49 .37 9.4% 2.7% 438,402 392,897 11.6% $3,754,302 $3,618,334 3.8% 2000 Change

1

diagnostic platforms, BD Phoenix and BD ProbeTec ET. During the year, we continued to leverage our SSG&A expenses through strong spending controls. A longer-term cost reduction goal lies in work system redesign across three related core processes: procurement, forecast-to-stock (including manufacturing and supply chain management) and order-to-cash (orders, shipping and collections). All of these feed into our "power alley" ­ so named because it's the primary route for delivering quality and service value to our customers. We have in place a dedicated process organization that is charged with creating a "lean enterprise" environment embracing these key processes. Its objective is to align with other process improvements to drive reduced cycle time, higher quality, lower inventories and improved order fill rates, all of which should result in lower costs and a more competitive BD. Two key initiatives supporting our process improvements are "Genesis" and our Six Sigma quality program. Genesis is our name for the enterprise resource planning program that is integral to our reengineered processes. During fiscal 2001, we completed the global design for each stage of the program and we are implementing a series of "go-live" events around the world during fiscal 2002. Our Six Sigma quality program recently completed its first full year. Through fiscal 2001, we have trained more than 100 Six Sigma "Black Belts" and we are promoting an active "Green Belt" training program.

Commitment to innovation Improving our financial and operational performance allows us to fuel our investment in medical technology innovations. Some of the products that have resulted from our commitment to innovation are presented as "solutions for human health" in our theme section beginning on page 6. My comments will focus on broader observations about the ways in which innovation is driving BD's growth. With the introduction of products such as our new BD Integra retracting needle syringe (featured on page 12) we are embarking on our fourth generation of safetyengineered products. This legacy not only underscores our leadership in this field, it also points out BD's ability to continually innovate in mature product categories such as syringes,

hypodermic needles, catheters and blood collection devices. In our Pharmaceutical Systems product group ­ in which BD drug delivery devices are primarily sold to pharmaceutical companies to be prefilled with drugs ­ we continue to achieve double-digit growth through established partnerships with a significant number of pharmaceutical companies. Innovations such as these will help to move BD up the healthcare value chain and make us more of a factor in improving healthcare outcomes ­ important emerging themes for BD. In the BD Medical Systems and BD Clinical Laboratory Solutions business segments, our intimate knowledge of clinical processes and customer preferences enables us to develop value-added products that enhance both worker safety and patient comfort, while preserving or improving existing clinical techniques and practices.

0.40 0.35 0.30 0.25 0.20 0

30 28 26 24 22 0

97 98 99 00 01 Dividends Per Common Share (Dollars)

97 98 99 00 01 Selling and Administrative Expense (Percent of Revenues)

2

Equally relevant examples come from BD Biosciences' close collaboration with researchers around the world. BD Biosciences not only provides reagents, instrumentation and other products, it actually helps design experiments focused on drug delivery and development. Moreover, BD Biosciences ­ already among the world's largest life sciences businesses ­ is leveraging its extensive product line to create still higher-value systems and solutions. Looking further into the future, we have a range of genuinely exciting technologies and product platforms under development, particularly in the area of advanced drug delivery. This opportunity is especially compelling because these drug delivery systems are coming of age at the dawn of the biotechnology era. Large molecule biotechnologybased drugs today most often must be injected, as opposed to ingested. Early tests indicate that the delivery systems we have under development could significantly increase the effectiveness of such drugs. When added to the drug discovery role played by BD Biosciences and the diagnostics performed by BD Clinical Laboratory Solutions, BD is poised to participate in every phase of the biotechnology revolution, from drug discovery through diagnostics to drug delivery.

Commitment to a great workplace The third leg of our commitment is to the workplace. Making innovative contributions to healthcare practices and achieving high levels of operational and financial performance requires strong talent and excellent organizational capabilities. Throughout the company, existing programs have been enhanced and others have been initiated to improve our organizational effectiveness and attract the best available talent. BD University (BDU), a leadership development resource, continues to expand and positively influence leaders throughout the company. Some 2,500 BD associates have participated in BDU programs to date. BDU is a homegrown development tool that we expect to enhance management effectiveness in the years ahead. We also have streamlined our executive compensation plans with a particular focus on incentives and stock options tied to performance. In addition, we are using new management tools for assessing employee performance and development needs; promoting closer communications among senior managers throughout the company; and proactively working toward greater workforce diversity. Looking ahead, while there is much to do, we have begun to establish a healthy balance of stretch and stability. I would like

to thank all our associates for their efforts and for the results they are producing. In the same spirit, I would like to recognize the leaders of our worldwide businesses and my colleagues in senior management, who play key roles in shaping and implementing our strategy. I believe that we at BD are making measurable progress on our journey toward greatness. It is our vision for the future, and we are steadfast in our commitment. We must do several things to reach our destination: · We will continue to sharpen our performance and deliver on promises. · We will enhance our ability to make innovative contributions to medical practice. · We will structure the company and take those actions necessary to focus our resources and leverage our strengths. As I observed earlier, our customers, shareholders and associates ultimately will decide if we have made the grade. But, having set a lofty and worthy goal, we fully intend to succeed. I also would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the outstanding contributions and support of Clateo Castellini, who is

3

retiring as Chairman of the Board in February 2002. Clateo has been a friend and mentor during the past years of transition. His vision and passion for greatness laid the groundwork for many successes we will enjoy as a company. Clateo is continuing as a member of the Board, and I look forward to his ongoing counsel. As our fiscal year neared its end in September, this nation ­ indeed, the world ­ experienced a terrible tragedy. BD extends its heartfelt sympathies to the families and friends of all who perished in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania on September 11, as well as those who have since given their lives to combat terrorism. We salute the courage of police, fire, rescue and military personnel and share the nation's grief over their sacrifices. We are gratified that our company was able to respond with financial and other forms of support. We do not know how events will develop in the coming months and years, but we stand ready to meet the challenges that lie ahead. Dear fellow shareholders: It is with great pride that I reflect on the decision of your Board of Directors to expand Ed Ludwig's responsibilities to include the role of Chairman of the Board, in addition to those of President and Chief Executive Officer. At the conclusion of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders in February 2002, I will be honored to transfer these additional responsibilities to Ed. This decision by the Board is an indication and measure of our support for Ed, for the BD management team, for the strategies they have pursued and effectively implemented, and for their continued efforts to transform our company on the basis of our values and culture. These strategies and efforts will allow BD to make significant Edward J. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer contributions to all peoples' lives and at the same time become one of the best-managed companies. These goals will be realized through our superb family of BD people all over the world, who assume great personal responsibility and drive the changes necessary to achieve our goals.

From my own experiences as Chairman, I learned that the role of chairman is at the root of an effective Board that represents and protects the interest of all our shareholders. This past year, the effectiveness of our Board was strengthened through the development of a Statement of Corporate Governance Principles, which was established to guide the Board in its activities. I am confident that Ed will fulfill his responsibilities as Chairman thoughtfully and effectively on behalf of every BD shareholder. In conclusion, I join the whole Board in wishing Ed and his team continued success in a world that continues to surprise with unforeseeable events and pressures, thus requiring special people and special dedication in each aspect of our daily lives to successfully pursue our mission and goals. Very truly yours,

Clateo Castellini Chairman of the Board

4

