Financial highlights
Thousands of dollars, except per-share amounts

2003 Operating results Revenues Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle Diluted earnings per share, before cumulative effect Dividends per common share $4,527,940 547,056 2.07 .40

2002 $4,033,069 479,982 1.79 .39

Change 12.3% 14.0% 15.6% 2.6%

To our shareholders:

BD

is focused on creating a brighter future ­ just as it has been for 106 years. We continue to be an engine

Our strategies and actions continue to be highly effective, as our 2003 performance demonstrates. Reported revenues increased 12 percent to $4.528 billion. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation, revenues rose 8 percent. Net income increased 14 percent to $547 million and our gross profit margin increased again this year. We reduced our capital expenditures by over $110 million in 2002 compared with 2001, and we maintained that level at $261 million in 2003. Cash flow from operations reached $900 million ­ more than twice that of 1999 ­ and inventory turns rose in 2002 and again in 2003 to 3.15, reversing a decline of the previous four years. We further reduced our debt-to-capitalization ratio to 30.4 percent, and we repurchased approximately 10 million shares under our share repurchase programs. To gain a deeper insight into the past year ­ and how we continue to gain momentum ­ it's helpful to look at the factors behind the results, once again from the perspective of our three core strategies. Fulfilling the promise of higher-value products We made excellent progress toward our goal of marketing differentiated products that deliver higher benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers, while earning higher, sustainable profit margins. In that regard, 2003 was a notable year. · U.S. revenues from safety-engineered devices increased 19 percent to $680 million, keeping this category our largest single driver of revenue growth for both BD Medical (formerly BD Medical Systems) and BD Diagnostics (formerly BD Clinical Laboratory Solutions).

of change for better healthcare, from today's safety-engineered products and sophisticated instruments to tomorrow's advanced drug delivery systems. BD's increasing pace of innovation is moving us toward higher growth. This Annual Report brings to life a central focus of today's BD: the use of higher-value technology to build on decades of continuous improvement and industry leadership, enabling our drive for sustainable higher revenue growth. We choose the word "continuum" to describe our steady march of progress and the way our past has shaped the forward-looking company of today. The strong product launches, revenue growth and financial performance that we demonstrated in fiscal 2003 build upon our legacy of continuous improvement ­ reinforced by a disciplined approach to every aspect of our business and successful implementation of our three core strategies. These strategies are: · To aggressively increase revenue growth by focusing on products that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers. · To improve our operating effectiveness and balance sheet productivity. · To strengthen organizational and associate capabilities so we can prosper in the ever-changing healthcare environment.

2

As the U.S. market continues to transition to advanced protection devices, we expect this portion of our business to continue to grow in the range of 10 to 15 percent a year over the next several years based upon continued conversion of several product categories, innovation and expansion of our product line. Additional future growth is anticipated in countries where healthcare worker safety is moving to the forefront of the public policy agenda, including Canada, Australia, Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain and France. We continue to introduce several new generations of safety-engineered products. Recent introductions include the BD Integra syringe (see page 12), the BD Vacutainer Push Button Blood Collection Set and the BD Autoguard Pro shielded IV catheter. As BD expanded the industry's most extensive array of safety-engineered devices, we announced plans to discontinue U.S. sales of many conventional sharps products across a range of categories, without disrupting patient care or clinical practice. · In our Diabetes Care unit (formerly Consumer Healthcare), we had one of our most active years ever. We introduced new blood glucose monitoring (BGM) products, the BD Logic blood glucose monitor and the BD Latitude Diabetes Management System, to the market. These products have a combination of cutting-edge features that deliver convenience and value to individuals managing diabetes. We have also formed strategic relationships with Medtronic MiniMed, the leading insulin pump maker, and Eli Lilly and Company, the world's leading insulin manufacturer. We collaborated with Medtronic MiniMed to introduce the first integrated BGM/insulin pump system ­ the Paradigm 512 insulin pump and
®

· Our Pharmaceutical Systems unit achieved very strong results, with revenues increasing to $436 million. Pharmaceutical companies are increasingly recognizing the value of devices that are prefilled with medication. Our prefillable products enable drug companies to better differentiate themselves in the marketplace, and they reduce the potential for medication error and contribute to lowering the cost of therapy and increasing patient compliance. During the year, we ramped-up volume following the 2002 opening of a new manufacturing plant in Nebraska and a plant expansion in Japan, which enabled us to keep pace with the growing demand for prefillable devices.

Edward J. Ludwig Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Our repertoire of products includes devices that we prefill ourselves. The BD PosiFlush syringe, filled by BD with heparin or saline solution to flush intravenous catheter lines, has achieved good market penetration in hospitals, where this is a major syringe application. · BD Biosciences introduced the BD FACSAria cell sorter, which has set new standards for performance and ease of use ­ and perhaps a new standard for rapid acceptance by the market as we generated over $48 million in revenue. The BD FACSArray bioanalyzer system is another new platform that brings multiplexed testing to a broader range of researchers.

Paradigm LinkTM blood glucose monitor (see page 7). We also introduced BD Diabetes software to help patients and professionals better manage diabetes. We are wellpositioned for a solid future in the growing $4 billion BGM market, although we encountered some timing delays as we launched our BGM products.
3

· BD Diagnostics reported a very strong year. Revenues exceeded our plan for the BD ProbeTec ET system, our DNA amplification assay system for sexually transmitted diseases. In the new product arena, BD Diagnostics brought the BD Viper sample processor (see page 16) to market for automated sample handling in high-volume environments. Meanwhile, the BD Phoenix system for rapid identification of bacterial pathogens has been well-received in Europe, based on independent surveys of customer satisfaction. We expect to introduce it to the U.S. and Japanese markets in 2004. Major process improvements gain momentum We continued to make good progress in improving operational effectiveness during 2003. Greater productivity funds the product innovations I just discussed, while supply chain quality and efficiency lead directly to greater customer satisfaction. · The implementation of Genesis, our enterprise resource planning system, is now largely complete. With the deployment of this information backbone, BD, for the first time, has access to data on a worldwide basis and real global operational visibility. · Genesis provides the platform for the ever-tighter integration of what we call the "power alley"­ consisting of our procurement, manufacturing, distribution and customerfacing organizations ­ enabling them to manufacture and deliver the right products at the right times to meet customer needs. · We created a new organization to leverage the capabilities that Genesis gives us. The organization is called Business Processes, and it is charged with responsibility for driving continuous improvement in supply chain management, procurement and customer service. · We expanded our Six Sigma quality program to transaction processing, with a goal of transferring our manufacturing and operations excellence to our administrative processes. · At manufacturing sites around the world, we continue to develop strong leaders who use tools such as Genesis, Six Sigma, lean manufacturing and process validation to drive higher quality, lower costs and superior customer satisfaction. · We began to realize the fruits of the manufacturing restructuring program that we undertook in fiscal 2002 in our BD Medical segment, which contributed to an improvement in our gross profit margin.

· In Europe, we implemented a new program called Customer Value Added to reduce supply chain costs for both BD and our largest customers, while improving our service levels. These improvements are supporting better financial performance, and they are also impacting customer service and satisfaction. For the first time in BD's history, our U.S. distribution center inventory accuracy is at 99 percent or higher, while shipping accuracy improved from 91 percent to 98 percent. We have reduced our backorders in North America by 70 percent in just a year's time. Customers are recognizing the difference, too. We were recently presented with distinction awards by two of the country's largest medical products distributors. Strengthening organizational and associate capabilities We continue to invest to build a stronger organization and enhance the individual skills of our associates. The Company's principal program for broadening the skills and knowledge of BD associates is BD University (BDU), our internal leadership development resource. BDU's great strength lies in the fact that about 90 percent of all courses are taught by Company leaders. This strongly reinforces BD as a teaching, coaching and learning organization. We continue to make progress in another priority area for the Company, our commitment to provide an inclusive environment that welcomes people from different backgrounds and that values their diverse ideas and perspectives. Active strategies, developed in large part by a broad group of BD associates, were implemented during the year to help us foster this culture of inclusion. Reflections as we close the year There are four additional comments of note to pass along regarding 2003. First, we are pleased that BD has been named one of the "100 Best Corporate Citizens" in the U.S. by Business Ethics magazine, reflecting our longstanding and very active support of organizations such as UNICEF, the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI) and the American Red Cross. Second, with a goal of raising visibility for our ongoing contributions to society and the health of people everywhere, we launched our first-ever corporate image campaign under the banner "Trusted Partners." Advertisements have appeared in publications such as Time, The Economist and Scientific American, and we expect the scope and frequency of our placements to increase over time. Third, we welcomed a new director to our Board, Edward F. DeGraan.

4

Mr. DeGraan is Vice Chairman of the Board of The Gillette Company and brings in-depth experience in manufacturing, operations and general management, all with a global perspective. Finally, it is important to observe that many people have contributed to our progress this year ­ most of all, BD associates around the world ­and to them we express our sincere thanks. A continuum of growth Returning to the theme of our Annual Report, in the following pages "A continuum of growth" will take you back through time and then bring you forward to today ­ connecting BD's past, present and future. Many of the featured products are new in the past year alone ­ blood glucose monitors, two new instrument platforms, a new presence in specimen management and extensions to our leadership in safety-engineered products. You will discover what we at BD have always known about our Company, and that is our pursuit of continuous improvement. This applied to the BD of yesterday ­ brought to life in our opening interview with Henry Becton ­ and it applies to the BD of today, as represented by the array of new products. Surely, it will apply to the BD of the future ­ as you will see in a closing glimpse at the work being done today at BD Technologies. Where the concept of continuum ultimately receives its truest expression is in our purpose and vision. BD's purpose is "Helping all people live healthy lives." Our vision for the future is rooted in becoming a great company, one recognized for great performance, great contributions to society and being a great place to work. We have built a strong foundation on which to fulfill our purpose and capture the promise of our vision. In summary, we are not only progressing along our continuum, we are, in fact, accelerating the pace of our progress. BD is a company that is proud of its past, energized by the present and confident about its future.

Over the course of our history, BD has made important contributions to better health the world over. Yet, it is the way we have gone about our business that brings to life a key BD character trait: We are never satisfied with our accomplishments. The belief that we can always do a better job­no matter what the task­has and will continue to drive us forward. As the timeline that follows shows, each step forward inspires

Edward J. Ludwig Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

another...and another... and over time, our progress can be traced as A continuum of growth.
5

