LETTER to SHAREHOLDERS

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Beam delivered excellent results in its first year as a focused standalone spirits company.

· Net sales reached a record $2.5 billion (excluding excise taxes), an increase of 6% on a comparable basis*... reflecting double-digit growth for our Power Brands and Rising Stars, as well as broad-based gains across our three geographic segments. · Operating income before charges/gains grew 10%*...benefiting from favorable price and product mix. · Diluted earnings per share before charges/gains were up 13%*...reflecting our strong operating performance and lower interest expense. · We generated free cash flow of $337 million.* · We increased the dividend 8% in 2012, and another 10% in early 2013. · And Beam delivered a total shareholder return, including dividends, of 21%, well ahead of the broader stock market indexes.
Having completed our first full year as Beam, it's an opportune time to review three key stages in Beam's evolution: where we've been over our first year as a standalone spirits company ...where we are today as an outperformer in our industry...and where we're going in the future as a pure-play spirits leader.

Where we've been
Just over a year ago, we reintroduced our company as Beam ­ a leading premium spirits company with outstanding growth prospects. We established a long-term growth algorithm with three very simple objectives:

· Outperform our global market at the top line · Grow operating income faster than sales · And sustainably grow EPS even faster...at a high-single-digit rate.

CEO Matt Shattock, Kentucky Governor Steven Beshear, chairman David Mackay and Jim Beam master distiller Fred Noe toasted the opening of the Jim Beam American Stillhouse and Global Innovation Center on October 3, 2012.

2

DAVID MACKAY Chairman

MATT SHATTOCK President & Chief Executive Officer

We also outlined our strategy: to Create Famous Brands...Build Winning Markets...and Fuel our Growth. And we expressed our confidence in how Beam was primed to accelerate profitable, long-term growth ­ and create substantial value for shareholders as a focused spirits company ­ with a strong foundation built on: an advantaged portfolio, including our strength in Bourbon; powerful positions in our core markets; and excellent prospects in emerging markets.

Where we are today
Beam's first year was one of great progress and excellent results. Beam is creating shareholder value with a stronger brand portfolio, a stronger industry position and stronger earnings growth. Beam is growing on growth by executing our proven strategy. As a result, we outperformed our global market each quarter in 2012 as we delivered against the growth algorithm we outlined a year ago.

· Our sales grew about twice the rate of our global market, which we estimate expanded a little better than 3% in 2012. We grew operating income faster than sales. And our earnings grew even faster, with double-digit growth in EPS before charges/gains that exceeded our long-term target.
We are particularly pleased that we outperformed against our targets even as we increased investment in the competitive position and long-term growth of our business. We again boosted investment in brand-equity building by a double-digit rate and these investments continued to pay off. We advertised more brands on television than ever before, and we engaged consumers with more impactful use of digital communication. We invested in award-winning in-market activation to inspire consumers at the point of purchase.

Our Strategy to Deliver Growth on Growth:
· · ·

Our Long-Term Goals to Outperform:
· · ·

CREATE FAMOUS BRANDS BUILD WINNING MARKETS FUEL OUR GROWTH

·

GROW SALES FASTER THAN OUR MARKET GROW OPERATING INCOME FASTER THAN SALES GROW EPS EVEN FASTER... AT A HIGH-SINGLE-DIGIT RATE IMPROVE RETURNS
3

*Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures are presented on pages 22-23.

And we delivered another year of record sales from innovations that further strengthened our brands. As a result, we improved our margins with better product mix and higher pricing in key categories. While building the brands we have is our first priority, we've filled out our portfolio with three synergy-driven acquisitions since early 2011 in the fast-growing categories of Ready-to-Serve Cocktails, Irish Whiskey and Premium Vodka. The addition in June 2012 of Pinnacle Vodka gives Beam a dynamic and growing Power Brand in the very large and highly attractive premium vodka category. We see the opportunity to take this fast-growing brand to the next level through expanded distribution, continued innovation and enhanced brand-building programs. We have further shaped our premium portfolio with divestitures of certain non-core economy brands.

"We look forward to raising the bar of performance ever further..."
We have made significant improvements in our routes to market around the world. We've strengthened our #2 position in the U.S. ­ the world's most profitable market ­ where we were the leading market-share gainer over the past two years. Our distribution partnership with Coca-Cola Amatil in Australia helped fortify Jim Beam's position as the #1 spirit in the largest export market for Bourbon. And we grew at a double-digit rate in Germany on the strength of our innovations, in-market activation and company-owned sales organization. In Japan, we have improved the opportunity for our Bourbon brands in 2013 and beyond by entering into a new agreement with Suntory, the market's #1 spirits distributor. We also continued to expand rapidly in attractive emerging markets. We were very encouraged by our growth in 2012 in markets such as China and Mexico, where we have improved our route-to-market model, as well as in countries such as Russia and Brazil, where we have invested at a higher level in brand building. In India, we are repositioning our business following a voluntary compliance review, and we remain confident in our growth prospects in India over the long term. We pursued our aggressive efficiency agenda to offset cost headwinds and fuel our overall growth. We are building world-class manufacturing capability through investment in scale manufacturing plants, such as our blending and bottling facility in Frankfort, Kentucky that shipped more than 11 million cases in 2012. This is an example of investing in both the scale to drive competitive costs, and the capability to enable growth through innovation. We are augmenting these efficiency benefits through the greater use of best practices across our business, such as through Lean Manufacturing, enhanced global procurement, product "design to value," and efficient global shared services. Our manufacturing footprint and overall organizational efficiency are in better shape as a result.

Our Long-Term Goals for Three Drivers of Sales Growth:
· · ·

50% FROM POWER BRANDS AND RISING STARS IN CORE MARKETS 25% FROM INNOVATIONS 25% FROM EMERGING MARKETS

4

Where we're going in the future
We see a lot of opportunity as we invest in fast-growing categories, fast-growing new products, and fast-growing markets ...and to translate such investments into sustainable, profitable long-term growth. Our 2012 results ­ and our focused strategy ­ position Beam very well to further capitalize on three key long-term growth drivers that we discuss further in this annual review. We aim to drive roughly one half of our sales growth from our Power Brands and Rising Stars in our core markets ­ the U.S., Australia and Germany. As such, we're devoting considerable investment to growing our heartland Bourbon category through impactful equity-building communication, brand-building innovations, and increased distillation capacity and liquid laydown to meet future demand. Beam has the broadest and best Bourbon portfolio in the industry, and it gives us an advantaged platform on which to drive long-term growth. Our expertise in lifestyle beverages that tap into prevailing consumer trends ­ such as the appeal of low-calorie, the reward of familiar and indulgent flavors, and the convenience of ready-to-serve and ready-to-drink formats ­ as well as our success reaching female consumers create promising avenues for growth. We look to deliver the balance of our sales growth from new products and new markets. We're continuing to invest in innovation that borrows equity from our core brands, and builds back higher-margin growth and added value for consumers. Our new Global Innovation Center in Kentucky, opened in late 2012, will be another competitive advantage for Beam as we continue to drive growth with exciting new products. To expand in emerging markets, we're investing in enhancing our distribution and marketing capabilities across a broader range of fastgrowing frontiers. Lastly, as we continue to focus on our internal growth initiatives, our confidence in the future is further enhanced by our strong stewardship of capital, balance sheet strength, and agility, which we believe will enable us to continue being a lead player in our dynamic industry. On behalf of our 3,400 people around the world, thank you for the confidence demonstrated by your ownership of Beam stock. We look forward to raising the bar of performance ever further to continue creating value for our shareholders.

Sincerely,

MATT SHATTOCK President & Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2013

"...we outperformed against our targets even as we increased investment in the competitive position and long-term growth of our business."
5

