CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
 CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
“Strong organic product sales, including another revenue contribution from SatPhone Shop exceeding $1M and a fantastic reception of SatPhone Shop’s new website”
 I am pleased to provide the following Chairman’s Report on the World Reach Group of companies for the year ended 30 June 2018.
Profit Performance, Major Impacts and Outlook
No, FY2018 was not the year we planned for some 18 months ago. After 3 consecutive years of profits in FY2014, 15 and 16, and a dip into the red in FY2017, the expectation of management and the board was that the significant contracts the Group had secured during those years would realise major deliveries of product, and a profit, through the year.
Alas due to events almost entirely beyond the control of Beam Communications Pty Ltd (‘Beam’) (www.beamcommunications.com.
au), two major product shipments were not able to be effected before
30 June and instead will be delayed until early in FY2019. There will be no reduction in the value of the shipments, but the rescheduling of the deliveries had a material impact on the Group’s full year result, which was extremely frustrating and disappointing for all stakeholders.
The delivery of the remaining 2618 Thuraya WE units is now expected
in this financial year, with its delay having pushed the group into a net loss for the FY2018 year. We remain in heated agreement with our channels, development partners and Thuraya, that this unique product will be enthusiastically received. We look forward to sharing with you confirmation of the commencement of these remaining deliveries, which will release a minimum of USD3,000,000 in contracted revenues within the first 12 months.
The Inmarsat BRM (BGAN Radio Module) development project had been paused and the board took the conservative decision to write-back 100% of the investment at a net cost of $0.66m. The total cost of the impairment and other project amortization for the FY2018 year was $1.49m, partly offset by Australian government R&D grants of $0.49m.
This included amortization of the Thuraya WE project from March 2018 onwards.
Yes, the impact of these modest delays and balance sheet adjustments does reflect the lumpy nature of Beam’s business incomes, and our financial sensitivity to timing oscillations, and, yes, we eagerly look forward to these revenues being enjoyed in the 2019 financial year,
but when assessed as a single reporting period, FY2018 was quite unsatisfactory.
Beam has now received a fifth order from Iridium for a further 5000 units of the Iridium GO! ® product for delivery in the second half of FY2019. This is good news, which will further enhance the profits derived by Beam from this development, whose continued utility and appeal is something of which we and our shareholders should be very proud. Strong organic product sales, including another revenue contribution from SatPhone Shop exceeding $1M and a fantastic reception of SatPhone Shop’s new website, gave the business momentum into the end of the financial year, which has continued in the early part of FY2019.
Cash and Funding
The Group continues to benefit from the Australian Government
R&D rebate, which subsidises our costly investments in new product development. $0.6m was received in July 2017 from the Government R&D fund, which related to expenditure in FY2016. In May 2018 an R&D grant of $1.1m in cash was received, related to FY2017 development expenditures, both mostly concerning the Thuraya WE project.
World Reach received $1.94m from a share placement on 12 September 2017. The net funds received of $1.86m were, and will be, used to fund existing and prospective product developments while limiting the Group’s reliance on existing debt facilities.
 4
WORLD REACH

CHAIRMAN’S REPORT
 World Reach had previously arranged a secured loan facility of up to $US2.0m with SGV1 Holdings Limited (‘SGV1’). The loan facility has been available since 1 January 2017 and was only recently utilised (in July 2018) to the extent of US$0.33m. The term of the facility is 36 months (expiring on 1 January 2020). This facility will greatly aid our ability to progress our existing product aspirations.
Directors and Investors
World Reach Director, Carl Hung is Managing Director of SGV1, which holds a strategic investment of 17.48% in World Reach. SGV1 is a company associated with Season Group (‘Season’) of which Mr Hung
is President and CEO. The relationship with Season has developed
over the past 5 years and is an important and strategic one for World Reach. Importantly Season has engineering and contract manufacturing capabilities around the globe but one that may prove very beneficial
for Beam is in the USA, at a time when the US government is tightening trade embargoes on non-USA manufactured products.
The share placement in September 2017 was to Glenayr Pty Ltd, an entity controlled by David Stewart who now holds 19.93% of the shares in World Reach. The placement conferred a right to a board position
and I was so pleased when David agreed to join us as a director on 9 November. Previously the MD and CEO of NetComm Wireless Limited until 2016, David brings - and the Group benefits from - his technical and commercial expertise in the assessment of product developments and corporate opportunities.
Product Developments
After more than 3 and a half years in development the Thuraya WE is now a reality and only minor software issues are holding up the full launch of the product. It is anticipated that Thuraya WE will be a major contributor to the Group’s financial wellbeing in FY2019 and future years.
A number of new products are on the horizon. David Stewart has been influential in appraising the Group of the opportunities that exist in communications outside the purely satellite space. Trials are underway which will test the prospective products and the extent of the market open to Beam for incremental sales especially in FY2020.
The Inmarsat BRM project, while defunct in its original format, is being considered in a revised form with an overseas based contractor engaged to evaluate development of the product at a much lower cost than the original plan.
Another interesting opportunity being investigated currently may require the assistance of an international partner experienced in
this particular market segment to bring the product onto the global market. Expectations are that revenues could be achieved from early FY2020. More will be known and announced once sufficient progress has been made.
In the coming year Beam will be engaged with Iridium on the development of new products along with the enhancement of existing products to support the newest satellite constellation deployed by Iridium. This new constellation will introduce enhanced speeds and IP capabilities not previously available on the Iridium network.
Some of these new projects will require significant cash development funds, while other products are likely to require much less engineering and development time. Beam’s reputation for innovative and quality communications developments continues to be enhanced.
Staff and Board
As much of rural Australia battles with drought, we are reminded that cutting ourselves to profit is not a tolerable strategy. We must continue to invest, tend our commercial fields and position ourselves to benefit most from a change in conditions, which we can already see has begun. I would like to thank my fellow Non-executive Directors, Carl Hung and David Stewart for their respective valuable insights. In addition, I again express my appreciation to our Managing Director and CEO, Michael Capocchi, as well as Michael’s executive team and staff, for maintaining morale and high standards as we work collectively to build a business while delivering the best possible returns for our shareholders.
Mr Simon Wallace Chairman
Date: 12 September 2018
  5
ANNUAL REPORT 2018
