letter to our stockholders
Solid performance and excellent progress -- that describes the year 2000 at Beckman Coulter. In clinical diagnostics, our product breadth and automation solutions are perfectly suited for hospitals focused on improving overall testing efficiencies. In life science research, our robotic automation and genetic analysis systems answer the need for accelerated research and development in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With the winds from the successful Coulter integration behind us, everyone's onboard and this ship is sailing full speed ahead.
RECORD SALES AND EARNINGS

On October 5, 2000, based on our strengthening positions in our markets and optimism about the company's future, our board of directors approved a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend. In addition, the cash dividend for the fourth quarter was increased to $0.085 per share, for a total of 11 consecutive years of cash dividend increases since our return to the public market in 1989. On the adjacent "2000 Highlights" page are 25 examples of product introductions, FDA clearances, group purchasing contracts, alliances, distribution agreements, and new business ventures that led to our record performance in 2000. They also set the stage for 2001.
PROGRESS ON PLANS

Turning to our financial performance in 2000, we achieved a record $1.887 billion in sales. This translates into nearly 7% sales growth in constant currency. With 25% of our sales in Europe and 13% in Asia, declines in foreign currency exchange rates had a $42 million impact on sales, trimming 2000 reported sales growth to slightly more than 4% over 1999. Clinical chemistry and robotic automation/genetic analysis led sales growth in the individual product areas. Routine chemistry grew 12% and robotic automation/ genetic analysis grew an exceptional 39%. Overall, in constant currency, clinical diagnostics grew 6% and life science research increased 9%. Net earnings for the year, excluding restructure, were up more than 17% over 1999, a record $124.1 million. Successful currency hedging allowed us to overcome the depressed euro on the bottom line. Diluted earnings per share, excluding restructure, hit $2.01, up 12% over prior year, overcoming a 4% increase in the number of diluted shares outstanding. Last but not least, the debt we incurred to fund the Coulter acquisition was reduced $116 million to $915 million. As of December 31, 2000, our debt to equity ratio stands at 2.66, with debt to market capitalization at 37%.

In 1999, we embarked on three strategic platforms to accelerate the long-term revenue growth of the company. We made phenomenal progress in all three areas: · Grow the Core Business · Leverage the Biomedical Testing Continuum · Invest in High Potential Opportunities
GROW THE CORE BUSINESS -- DIAGNOSTICS

In the core diagnostics business, we set our sights on improved processes and automation in the clinical laboratory. This strategy would position us to take market share in chemistry, while also enhancing our position in cellular analysis. Indeed, it did. Beckman Coulter took market share in chemistry, growing 8% -- well above market growth rate of 2-3% -- through a combination of advanced systems and high-value, new tests. For example, in March, we were the first company to receive FDA approval for automated PSA and free PSA prostate cancer detection tests. Performed on the Access® immunoassay system, these automated tests take 20 minutes versus a four-hour manual test. Having the dual PSA tests on the Access® immunoassay systems in the local hospital

page 9

Brought rought to you by Global Reports

In 2001, we'll be introducing a number of new products while also pursuing numerous growth opportunities in the biomedical field. We plan to take advantage of competitive situations in the marketplace and make additional alliances.

laboratories puts prostate cancer testing closer to the patient. Placements of Access units and sales of PSA tests helped us increase our immunoassay sales by nearly 20%. During the year, we enhanced our cellular analysis business by signing major agreements with three group purchasing organizations and customers -- Consorta, HealthTrust and Quest Diagnostics for hematology systems and supplies. We also introduced several significant tests in flow cytometry to study immune response, leukemia, bone marrow transplantation and HIV therapies. Late in the year, we introduced the Ac·TTM 5diff CP, an advanced, low-cost hematology analyzer for the physician's office or small clinical laboratory.
GROW THE CORE BUSINESS -- LIFE SCIENCE RESEARCH

medical research through patient testing, Beckman Coulter has the technologies, customer relationships and distribution channels to move biomedical testing throughout the continuum. In diagnostics, for example, the company is combining detection technologies to create a single workstation that performs 152 different routine chemistry and immunodiagnostic tests. We are also conjoining hematology with flow cytometry to give hospitals a workstation to do simple blood cell counts and specific evaluations of cells for leukemia profiling, HIV monitoring and more. But, it is our significant product breadth in diagnostics that offers the most compelling competitive advantage. By having expertise in systems for the majority of testing done in a hospital, we are best equipped to automate the entire process. In its simplest form, we automate patient sample tube sorting. In its most elaborate form, we connect and fully automate the entire laboratory. Our approach is called "progressive automation." Successful placements of our automation solutions, such as our Power Processor core system, nearly always include purchases of additional Beckman Coulter systems to perform chemistry and/or hematology testing. In the life sciences area, we are expanding our robotic automation solutions for broader applications. This year, we will introduce "tube-to-plate" capabilities that enhance the capacity of the Biomek FX liquid handler to transfer liquids from any format to any format. The versatility of this instrument enables it to support a wide range of applications including clinical research. To speed the drug discovery process, we will introduce a 384-channel pipetting head for the Biomek FX. With this, researchers gain the ability to significantly increase the number of samples they evaluate on a daily basis. Just as we are moving robotic automation into new testing areas, the expertise we built in flow cytometry within the patient care area is being directed toward research and

In the core life science research business, Beckman Coulter now has a wide range of products for genomics, proteomics and drug discovery testing. Our product development efforts are primarily focused on biotechnology/ pharmaceutical applications. New systems released in 2000, including the Biomek® FX laboratory automation workstation and the CEQTM 2000XL DNA analysis system, helped push our sales in robotic automation/genetic analysis to $126 million, up 39% over 1999. The Biomek FX is one of the most prolific liquid handling systems now on the market. When packaged with our SAGIANTM Core System, the two form a highly productive drug discovery tool. In DNA sequencing, our new CEQ 2000XL is the perfect system for individual researchers performing analysis on specific sections of the genetic code. Several enhancements and new capabilities will be introduced on these, and other systems, in 2001.
LEVERAGE THE BIOMEDICAL TESTING CONTINUUM

The beauty of our business is the ability to span the entire continuum of testing in the biomedical laboratory. From this standpoint we are unique. Ranging from basic
page 10

Brought rought to you by Global Reports

clinical trials testing. We believe cell analysis -- performed via flow cytometry or other emerging technologies -- will be the next great testing area along with genomics and proteomics.
INVEST IN HIGH POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITIES

To thrive in the 21st century, we must be on the leading edge of new testing. In 2000, Beckman Coulter invested $185 million in research and development to build a pipeline of products both in our core businesses as well as in high potential areas. The most significant new testing area is MHC tetramers, an innovation in T cell detection and measurement using flow cytometry. Based on technology developed at Stanford University, MHC tetramers represent an entirely new field of analysis that we've named Immunomics. Researchers studying the response of the immune system to HIV and cancer therapies in clinical trials are now applying this unique technology. To allow this technology to flourish, we formed a focused business operation this past July. The new Immunomics Operation is dedicated to the development and commercialization of these proprietary new i·TAgTM brand of immune-response tests. In December, we started shipping the first off-the-shelf products for use in laboratories. Another high potential area we are pursuing is test menu expansion. The company has more than 50,000 diagnostic systems installed in clinical laboratories around the world. To enhance the utility of these systems for the customer -- and to augment revenue generated from each system -- we are constantly expanding the number of tests available. In addition to 15 new or enhanced tests for the 100-test-menu SYNCHRON® line of clinical systems, we are expanding the test menu on our EPICS® XL series of flow cytometers and Access systems. Thirtysix new cancer, cardiovascular disease and HIV-related tests are slated for release within the next two years on the EPICS or Access systems alone.

During the course of this past year, we pursued a number of other promising new avenues for the company. From "lab-on-a-chip" technology to high-content cell analysis, we gained access to technology, signed distribution agreements and made new alliances, while also extending our own research arm into innovative new testing. For example, two private life sciences companies -- Cellomics and Promega -- signed distribution agreements with Beckman Coulter. Cellomics brings expertise in high-content cell analysis, while Promega gives us DNA purification products. We will package and sell our Biomek® workstations and SagianTM Core Systems with their specialized methods and chemistries. It is our plan to add other types of application solutions like these to our robotic automation platforms in the future.
C A P I TA L I Z I N G O N T H E P O S S I B I L I T I E S

Beckman Coulter is well positioned to capitalize on the explosion of science fueling the development of new therapies and transforming the practice of medicine. This annual report outlines some of the exciting areas where we are already making a difference. Please take the time to review it. We have a tremendous company, full of talented people who have made the Beckman Coulter combination successful. In 2001, we'll be introducing a number of new products while also pursuing numerous growth opportunities in the biomedical field. We plan to take advantage of competitive situations in the marketplace and make additional alliances. For Beckman Coulter, 2001 is not just another year. It is a breakout year... a year to test the possibilities.

J O H N P. WA R E H A M

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2001
page 11

Brought rought to you by Global Reports

