dear

stockholders

technical, design and manufacturing capabilities. This gives us an edge in anticipating customer requirements, shortening development time and ensuring that quality is evident in everything we do. Our fundamental knowledge and capabilities are among the factors that make us the perennial industry leader in major new system introductions.

Long-Term Opportunity
We are beginning what will surely be known as the century of biology and it is already producing an explosion of new knowledge and understanding of biological processes. Beckman Coulter is at the center of the action, participating across the Biomedical Testing Continuum in both the Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics markets. Our challenge is to leverage these inevitable scientific developments and, in the years ahead, continue to be at the forefront in helping customers advance medical science, improve patients' lives and reduce overall health care cost--truly at the heart of discovery and diagnosis! There is no shortage of opportunity in either Life Sciences or Clinical Diagnostics. Of particular interest is the fact that health care providers around the world are becoming increasingly aware of the benefits provided by diagnostic testing, which represents a significant opportunity for our company. In fact, even today, Clinical Diagnostics is creating tremendous health care value. For instance, in the U.S., laboratory services represent less than 5% of total health care cost, but contribute, on average, 60 to 70% of the information used in the diagnosis and management of any health care episode. This modest expenditure allows physicians to diagnose disease quickly and accurately, initiate better treatment regimens, discharge sooner and manage chronic conditions more effectively. As Beckman Coulter continues to incorporate new biological

Scott Garrett President and Chief Executive Officer

In February 2005, I was appointed Chief Executive Officer. It is an honor and privilege to be able to lead this great company and I appreciate the confidence shown me by your Board of Directors. We have tremendous potential and I am committed to capitalizing on our distinct advantages: a legacy of innovation, superior brand equity, a highly capable workforce and loyal customers around the world. Beckman Coulter has a single institutional focus on biomedical testing and our people lead the industry in their ability to design, develop, manufacture, sell and support the complex systems that customers want for their laboratories. Unlike many competitors who have outsourced key design and manufacturing activities, we have retained our core
page 2

New Business and Operating Model
science in its systems and tests, we will make Clinical Diagnostics an even better health care value. The Biomedical Testing market is large, stable and steadily growing. This has attracted competitors, but Beckman Coulter is one of just a few companies that have a large number of instruments installed and operating in laboratories around the world. This installed base provides a competitive edge vis-à-vis new entrants and drives a profitable stream of recurring revenues that represented more than 71% of company revenues in 2005. In mid-2005, we made two significant changes to our business and operating model: · Collapsed our two-divisional structure into a one-company organization, leading to the implementation of a $63 million restructuring program, which includes $27 million of non-cash charges for impaired assets as we refocus the business. We anticipate benefits of at least $25 million in reduced annual expense in 2007 and, more importantly, we are laying the foundation for the future. · Implemented a change in policy that shifts leased instrument placements from predominately sales-type to predominately operating-type leases. Our leasing terms and conditions are now more responsive to the competitive requirements of the market, which will improve sales and sales force efficiency. While the value of both lease types is the same for Beckman Coulter, operating-type leases have the effect of delaying the timing of our revenue recognition, spreading it over the typical five-year lease period and reducing near-term reported results. The change is an important catalyst of our fundamentals going forward, as we can expect greater sales predictability, better selling efficiency, enhanced supply chain productivity, expanded margins and improved asset management.

Focus on Customers' Processes
Our strategy is to extend the company's leadership in simplifying, automating and innovating customers' processes, providing economic and outcome benefits. This gives customers access to the latest methods and technology, while optimizing laboratory operations with lower costs, faster turnaround time, improved quality and better safety. Beckman Coulter's products advance the capability of the industry, raising standards of performance on all fronts: automation, productivity, new tests and higher value information.

Long-Term Goals
Our management team is committed to delivering steady revenue growth in the 7­9% range, while targeting growth of 10% or more for the consumables portion of our business. The plan is to continue to introduce new products year after year, raising the industry standard for quality and reliability and further differentiating Beckman Coulter from the competition. Our investment capacity will expand through improving margins, lower support costs and multiple supply chain initiatives. We anticipate that investors will respond to our progress and participate in the significant value that our company will create.

2005 Operating Results
We made important operating gains in 2005, which were largely masked by the shift in leasing policy that reduced reported results. Sales were $2.44 billion, up 1.5% from 2004 and EPS was $2.32 per share, or $3.02 per share before special charges, down 5.9%. Operating cash flow was $419.7 million, up 57%, reflecting a sharper focus on working capital. Throughout the year we continued to build our installed base of instruments operating in customer laboratories, particularly in Clinical Diagnostics, where we achieved record autochemistry placements. This installed base is the engine of our business model, driving consumables sales and long-term shareholder value. Consumables grew 10.4%
page 3

in 2005, an achievement made possible by solid operating fundamentals based on adding to the size and enhancing the productivity of our installed base of systems. Reported consumables sales growth is unaffected by our shift in leasing policy and will be a key measure of company performance as we transition to operating-type leases.

Growth Drivers
In 2006, we plan to complete several initiatives begun in 2005, including the leasing policy change, the transition to a onecompany organization, an extensive restructuring program, several key management transitions and the integration of two recent acquisitions: Agencourt Bioscience and Diagnostic Systems Laboratories. By year end, we expect to emerge with a significantly improved growth profile and cost structure. Revenue growth will come from several sources in 2006: · Work Cell Leadership: We plan to extend our existing chemistry work cell capability with the launch of the new UniCel ® DxC 600i chemistry/immunoassay system. This will be a second-generation product and the most capable work cell in the industry, with 150 different test options available at launch. · Autochemistry Leadership: Autochemistry should continue to ride the momentum of the new UniCel ® DxC 600 and DxC 800. Introduced in 2005, they led the way to record system placements with about one-third sold or leased to new chemistry customers. · Immunoassay Leadership: We expect Immunoassay to grow at more than 20%, driven by a growing installed base of UniCel® DxI and Access® immunoassay systems and a range of new and enhanced tests. Additional growth will come from Diagnostic Systems Laboratories (DSL), with its world-leading immunoassay test menu for esoteric diagnostics. Later, in 2007, some of the highest potential DSL tests will be available on our UniCel ® and Access® platforms.

· Cellular Leadership: Our hematology and flow cytometry products should continue to grow their leadership positions, where Beckman Coulter is #1 or #2 in every market around the world. In addition, we plan to advance our partnership with Instrumentation Laboratories in key hemostasis markets. · Discovery and Automation Leadership: This product area should deliver growth through accelerating adoption of clinical automation products in hospital laboratories, a revitalization of Life Science automation systems and continued worldwide gains in centrifugation. We expect nucleic acid testing to provide rapid growth from a modest base due to the recently introduced VidieraTM family of products for molecular testing supported by the sample preparation capabilities from Agencourt Bioscience. The Beckman Coulter management team understands and is energized by the magnitude of our opportunity. In 2006, we will complete the transitions begun in the previous year, strengthening and preparing the company for growth and improved operating per formance. More importantly, these initiatives are the foundation of our goal to achieve absolute leadership in biomedical testing. I applaud our employees' dedication to quality and delivering results through the restructuring. We remain committed to helping our biomedical customers simplify, automate and innovate their lab processes... thereby helping to lower health care costs and improving patient outcomes. I thank you for your confidence in me, our employees and the unique role Beckman Coulter has in biomedical testing.

Scott Garrett

President and Chief Executive Officer

February 2006

page 4

