P6

Beckman Coulter 2009 Annual Report

Letter to Shareholders
"As we enter 2010 - our 75th anniversary as a company ­ we are confident in our ability to build value for shareholders through our focus on growth, quality, and operating excellence. We create, deliver and capture value as we follow our inspiration of improving patient health and reducing the cost of care."

An Attractive Business Model for Good Times and Bad In last year's annual report, I stated that "In uncertain environments such as these, the defensive nature of our business model and stability of our sector's competitive dynamics afford an opportunity for continued, predictable growth and value creation." The company's performance in 2009 not only lived up to those expectations, it surpassed them. The lab remains a great bargain in healthcare. Clinical laboratory testing provides more than 60% of the information used in the diagnosis and prognosis of the average healthcare episode. While at the same time the cost of lab services, as a percentage of total healthcare spending, has been trending down consistently over time. It now constitutes less than 3% of the total cost of healthcare in the United States. A test delivered by a lab in 1987 for $10 now is reimbursed at about $7. Clinical labs around the world are running more and a greater variety of tests that deliver higher quality results with less skilled labor and at lower total cost. A well run lab can improve the total productivity of hospitals and healthcare by facilitating faster

diagnosis; more efficient patient admission processes; and earlier, more confident discharges from hospitals. Our focus on customer productivity makes us part of the solution to controlling healthcare costs. As a leading supplier to clinical labs, Beckman Coulter strives to understand the process of biomedical testing and then to simplify, automate and bring innovations to the lab ­ helping reduce variability, eliminate errors, improve clinical outcomes and increase lab ef ficiency. Fundamentally, we raise hospital productivity while reducing the total cost of healthcare. We accomplish this through clinical laboratory systems and solutions, leverageable leadership positions in our served markets and the dedication of almost 12,000 employees worldwide. Our attractive and resilient business model is based on a solid foundation: · A large, stable installed base of more than 200,000 instruments. Most new instruments are placed with customers under operatingtype leases with an average life of fi ve years. · Recurring revenue from multiple sources: lease payments, reagents, supplies and service. All together, recurring revenue

· ·

·

·

accounted for more than 80% of our 2009 total revenue stream and contributed over 90% of our gross pro fi t. An industry-leading customer retention rate of over 85%. Leadership positions across product lines and in more than 160 countries. In developed countries, aging populations drive increased demand for testing. In emerging markets, rapidly growing demand for healthcare is driving double digit growth in testing volumes. A growth strategy that combines the industry's most proli fi c product development capability, plans for expansion into adjacent markets, such as molecular diagnostics and near-patient testing, and a clear and prudent acquisition strategy as exempli fi ed by our addition of Olympus Corporation's laboratory diagnostics business in 2009. This "tuck-in" acquisition clearly establishes Beckman Coulter as the global leader in the highly important Chemistry and Clinical Automation product area and adds signi fi cantly to our global reach. Disciplined expense management, in combination with the reliable and highly pro fi table recurring revenue growth, sustains predictable annual earnings growth.

Beckman Coulter 2009 Annual Report

P7

$2,178.4 $1,946.9

$2,402.6

$2,645.2
A

B

2006

2007

2008

2009

A) Recurring 81% / $2,645.2 B) Instrument Sales 19% / $615.4

Results in Millions

Recurring Revenue

2009 Revenue Mix
Results in Millions

2009 Results Prove the Model In 2009, Beckman Coulter stood out among many companies. Our financial results exceeded our expectations and prior year results, excluding restructuring and acquisition costs. The resilience of our business model helped us to do well in the face of an uncertain economic environment. We reported solid recurring revenue growth and were highly effective in containing expenses, which together yielded improved operating margins, significant expansion in cash flow, and net earnings growth (excluding restructuring and acquisition costs.) Total revenue, excluding Olympus, was flat due to a stronger U.S. dollar and a marked decline in cash instrument sales. The cash instrument sales decline largely reflects two factors: an economic environment that encouraged customers to defer major purchases, and difficult comparisons versus 2008, when we posted 20% growth in cash instrument sales due to a significant backlog from 2007. Management's commitment to delivering results also is reflected in our cost containment and research and development programs. We accelerated improvements in our

business operations and carefully controlled spending without compromising funding for key research and development programs. Excellent progress continued on our system for molecular diagnostics, the UniCel DxN. We launched a number of significant new products in our cellular business; among them HematoFlow, combining our flow cytometry into a hematology work cell that simplifies the diagnosis of cellular disease, reduces manual reviews by more than 75%, and enhances the value of cellular testing for Beckman Coulter. We also advanced our proprietary homogenous immunoassay technology, called SPARCL, that is expected to be applied to many future products beginning in 2010 with an application for research markets. Our streamlining efforts throughout the company have both a short-term and long-term focus. A commitment to zero overhead growth (or ZOG) helped us reduce our operating expense. For the long-term, we continued our implementation of Lean Six Sigma, attacking waste and inefficiency across our organization, improving the quality of business and supply chain processes.

Staying the Course While Implementing Change While change is inevitable, especially in these tumultuous times, staying the course once changes are implemented continues to reap benefits. Our 2006 decision to abandon a two-division corporate structure in favor of a "one company" approach has improved flexibility and efficiency across Beckman Coulter's worldwide operations. This restructuring continues to pay dividends by expanding our investment capacity and enabling us to respond to opportunities, even in challenging times. For example, our capacity to finance the entire Olympus transaction with senior notes and stock was declared "a minor miracle" in a feature article in CFO Magazine. Our 2005 decision to convert from a sales-type lease to an operatingtype lease model continues to deliver value as promised, building recurring revenues and increasing predictability. At the same, it frees our sales force to transact business the way customers want to buy, using operating leases to acquire new systems and paying for them from their operating budget. When

P8

Beckman Coulter 2009 Annual Report

B A

C
A) United States 48.5% / $1,580.4 B) Outside United States1 43.2% / $1,410.0 C) Emerging Markets2 8.3% / $270.2

2009 Geographic Sales Mix
Results in Millions 1 Excludes Emerging Markets 2 Includes Eastern Europe, Russia, Middle East, Africa and India

we made the change, we predicted a return to robust operating cash flow growth within fi ve years. We're pleased to report that we are on track as evidenced by $569 million in cash flow from continuing operations in 2009. Acting on Opportunities The year 2009 had its share of milestones on our 75-year journey of improving patient health and reducing the cost of care. Our product pipeline remains the envy of the industry. It reflects the unparalleled productivity of Beckman Coulter's R&D capability, which has made us the undisputed leader in the introduction of major new systems for the clinical diagnostics market. Our unique systems integration capability delivers more new systems than any of our competitors. Systems integration refers to the development work our scientists and engineers undertake to bring together technologies ranging from biology and biochemistry to optics and software and make them function together to produce accurate test results. Our customers recognize that we are 100% focused on biomedical testing and appreciate that our future depends on satisfying their needs. They trust us to do just that.

This brings me to Olympus, which is an interesting story in and of itself. Olympus, a Tokyo-based, world-leader in optical and imaging products, offered us the opportunity to acquire their lab-based clinical diagnostics business unit. The opportunity came at a time when financing had all but disappeared and few, if any, acquisitions were being attempted. But, recognizing an important opportunity to extend our product line, solidify market presence, and capitalize upon significant economies of scale, we were determined to complete the acquisition. After an extensive due diligence effort and thorough integration planning, we closed in August 2009. By most reports, it was the first time an American company had acquired a Japanese manufacturer of this scale. The integration has gone smoothly, with Olympus chemistry systems augmenting our product portfolio, filling gaps in the low and ultra-high throughput segments. The combination positions Beckman Coulter as a leader in the Chemistry and Automation market in every major geography. As for the path ahead, we continue to pursue a number of major growth initiatives.

· Immunoassay, where we are adding
higher-margin, proprietary or semiexclusive tests to a product area that has grown more than two times the market rate for more than ten years. For example, our preeclampsia assays are in clinical trials, with commercial release outside the U.S. expected in 2010. We also expect the commercial release of the Access Hybritech p2PSA assay and phi-- or Prostate Health Index -- outside the U.S. Studies have demonstrated that when p2PSA measurements are combined with Access Hybritech PSA and free PSA measurements, the resulting phi index demonstrates a significant improvement in clinical specificity for prostate cancer detection. A new test (cPAPP-A) for detection of unstable plaque (the cause of many fatal heart attacks) is also progressing through clinical trials. SPARCL, our innovative homogenous immunoassay technology is expected to be released for research applications in 2010. SPARCL's initial application for high throughput screening should address Pharmas' need for lower complexity and faster performance. SPARCL is expected to have applications in near-patient testing and then, on a new generation of workcells now in development.

Beckman Coulter 2009 Annual Report

P9

$568.6 $474.8 $398.1 $307.8

2006

2007

2008

2009

Operating Cash Flow from Continuing Operations
Results in Millions

· Cellular Analysis, where we are
driving significant advances for both clinical and research applications. We launched the revolutionary UniCel DxH 800 cellular analysis system in 2009. Designed on a modular workcell concept to provide ef ficiently scalable automation, this new cellular system is expected to include several modules. The base hematology analyzer was introduced in 2009 along with the HematoFlow work cell to automate manual differentials eliminating more than 75% of the work and will be followed by a slide maker-stainer that we expect to launch in 2010. The capability of the system to provide new and expanded information on cellular-based disease should enhance the value of every lab utilizing it and create more value for Beckman Coulter. The anticipated specificity of this new system helps identify abnormalities sooner and with greater accuracy, accelerating diagnosis. Additional introductions expected in 2010 for Cellular include the UniCel DxH 300, a three-part differential hematology analyzer. Exciting advances have been delivered in the flow cytometry product area, with attractive applications in both research and clinical testing. Flow-based

systems are used to diagnose and monitor a variety of disease states and conditions, including HIV, hematological cancers, blood disorders, immune system diseases, cell signaling and transplantation. This flexible, useful technology has enormous potential. We launched two new systems in 2009 - Gallios for the research markets and Navios for clinical markets, both offered with a variety of models and versions. In 2010, we expect to launch a next-generation cell sorter, Astrios, which we believe will be the fastest cell sorter with a great variety of uses in the research market.

these highest cost send-out tests in-house. Our initial launch menu focuses on hospital-acquired infections, sexually transmitted diseases and blood-born infections, with more tests to come in infectious disease, mutation detection, cancer, and adverse drug reactions. Growth Opportunities Abound A stable and resilient business model is a great asset but must be balanced with growth. What are its sources? We believe Beckman Coulter has fi ve compelling sources of growth that are well positioned to exploit. One consistent trend is the aging of populations in developed countries. As people age, they utilize more healthcare and, as they do, diagnostic testing is essential in their care. Another accelerating trend is the explosion of biological understanding or the never-ending search for information to address unmet needs in healthcare. We address this demand with basic tools to facilitate investigation by biopharma and academic researchers as well as the continuous stream of new tests we are developing to add to our large and growing installed base in clinical diagnostics.

· Molecular Diagnostics is expected
to continue as the fastest-growing product area in diagnostics. We are utilizing our know-how in routine testing and our capacity in molecular research instrumentation to develop a fully automated sample-to-result molecular diagnostics system, the UniCel DxN. Targeting 2012 for market introduction, the DxN should help speed migration of molecular testing to hospitals and is expected to be used in a "moderately complex" environment dramatically expanding the number of hospitals performing this type of testing in coming years. This should substantially reduce hospitals' testing costs by bringing

P10 Beckman Coulter 2009 Annual Report

Scott Garrett Chairman, President and Chief Executive Of ficer

In emerging markets, a growing demand for healthcare creates a growing demand for new hospitals and new labs and rapidly growing test volumes. This is particularly true in China where the market for clinical diagnostics is estimated to be more than $1.5 billion and growing at 15% annually. Importantly, our market position in China is founded on more than 30 years of experience, initiated by Dr. Beckman when he embarked on one of the first trade missions to China following President Nixon's historic visit to China about 40 years ago. In the U.S., outreach programs drive above market-growth in testing volumes as hospitals compete with reference laboratories for physicianorded testing. Well-managed hospitals view lab outreach as a means to improve ef ficiency, lower costs and generate revenue for the hospital with uncapitated testing. Our customers volumes are steadily rising due to this outreach trend. Our strategy also calls for expansion into adjacent markets. For example, over the next five years, we expect to enter the $2 billion molecular diagnostics market via our DxN project, followed by a move into near-patient testing utilizing our unique homogeneous immunoassay

technology, SPARCL. As you might sense, I am very enthusiastic about these opportunities. They leverage our established reputation, channel presence and customer relationships. So, as we enter 2010 - our 75th anniversary as a company ­ we are confident in our ability to build value for shareholders through our focus on growth, quality and operating excellence. We create, deliver and capture value as we follow our inspiration of improving patient health and reducing the cost of care. Thank you for your continuing interest and trust in Beckman Coulter. We look forward to updating you on our progress.

Scott Garrett Chairman, President and Chief Executive Of ficer February 22, 2010

