BECK M A N COULTER 2006 A NNUA L R EPORT

Letter to Shareholders

Scott Garrett President and Chief Executive Officer

I continue to be energized and optimistic about the opportunities available to Beckman Coulter. We are advancing toward our long-term goal of industry leadership, creating value for our shareholders by focusing all employees on growth, quality and operating excellence.
Beckman Coulter is dedicated to improving patient health and reducing the cost of care. This dedication inspires us to do our best, knowing we can make a difference in people's lives. Clinical laboratories throughout the world depend on our systems to deliver critical diagnostic test results essential to the diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of patients. Scientists from leading universities and pharmaceutical companies use our state-of-theart research instruments to generate the data that will define tomorrow's new biomedical tests and therapies.

8

BECK M A N COULTER 2006 A NNUA L R EPORT

L A RGE A ND GROW I NG M A R K ETS

We participate in large and growing markets with no shortage of opportunity in either clinical diagnostics or life sciences. Biomedical testing guides nearly every decision in health care, whether at the patient bedside or in a life science laboratory. Experts continue to recognize that biomedical testing provides great value at a reasonable cost and acknowledge that more effective and comprehensive laboratory testing lowers the overall cost of patient management. About 75% of Beckman Coulter's revenue comes from sales in the $32 billion clinical diagnostics market which is growing at about 5% per year. New tests are being identified faster and faster every year, enabling clinicians to diagnose and predict disease with greater accuracy. Our company is developing a number of these exciting new tests, enhancing our leading positions in cardiology, cancer, prenatal health and fertility testing. Life science markets, on the other hand, are cyclical, with growth tied closely to the research and development spending of the pharmaceutical industry and government funding of academic research. The growth of this $15 billion market has been modest over the past five years. Some developing economies such as China are providing growth opportunities as their scientific infrastructure is rapidly built.
FOCUS ON CUSTOMER PROCESSES

Our strategy, our core capability and our primary value proposition can be summed up in the words Simplify, Automate and Innovate. We take pride in understanding and optimizing the testing processes of our customers. Beckman Coulter maintains a fully integrated product development organization with core technical and design capabilities. This helps us anticipate customer requirements and shorten development time for new systems. Our product development groups, comprised of world-class engineers, chemists and biological science experts, design new testing systems at a rate unparalleled in our industry. Our highly trained sales and service organizations work directly with customers to ensure that they realize all the benefits and efficiencies that Beckman Coulter systems provide.
OPER ATIONA L GOA L S

The fundamentals of our company are sound and the management team at Beckman Coulter continues to be committed to delivering above market revenue growth in the range of 7 to 9%. In order to further differentiate Beckman Coulter from the competition, we plan to continually introduce new instrument systems, raising the industry standard for quality and reliability. We are focused on expanding margins through leveraging our support costs and supply chain organization. This will free up additional investment capacity to sustain our growth and deliver greater value for our shareholders.
2 0 0 6 R E S U LT S

In 2006, we made significant progress on many important initiatives, although our progress was hidden to a degree by the impact of the change in our customer leasing policy. Due to the change, implemented in July 2005, our results were not meaningfully comparable to prior year periods until the fourth quarter when we demonstrated the real strength of our business with revenue growth of 8.6% over prior year quarter. Throughout the year, we continued to win new customers and gain share in our most important segments. We realized a second straight year of record placements of autochemistry systems with more than 30% of them displacing

9

Global Reports LLC

BECK M A N COULTER 2006 A NNUA L R EPORT

competitors. The buildout of our immunoassay installed base continued at a rapid pace in 2006. We are consistently winning new business about 75% of the time with our high-throughput DxI 800 system. In 2006, we experienced some disappointments in revenue growth in Asia. We have
CONSUMABLES SALES PERCENT GROW TH* dollars in millions

adapted and I'm confident that going forward, the Beckman Coulter team in Asia will capitalize on the highly attractive opportunities available in this region. We anticipate returning to our historical growth rates in 2007. In addition we have adjusted our expectations for life science markets worldwide. We are focused on enhancing the contribution of mature product lines throughout our portfolio. Consumables sales growth, not affected by the leasing policy change, constitutes the best indicator of our performance and the overall health of our business. 2006 consumables growth was 10.5% (in constant currency), a result of increases in our installed base of systems, higher utilization of consumables across our instrument systems and the introduction of new, high-value tests.

$1,500

10.5% 9.4%

1,200

4.1%
900

5.1%

8.7%

600

Importantly, we strengthened our prospects for growth over the next several years,
300

introducing new products in the areas of work cells, laboratory automation and new high-value tests. Through our acquisition of Lumigen, Inc., we added an outstanding team of scientists and an extensive intellectual property portfolio, increasing our
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006

0

number of active patents by more than 10%. And, we improved our potential for long-term growth by obtaining licenses to the patents essential for a successful entry into the molecular testing market.

*in constant currency

1500

PER FOR M A NCE FOCUS

Growth: With our leasing change and our "one-company" restructuring initiatives behind us, Beckman Coulter
1200

is well positioned for success in 2007 and beyond.
·

900

Immunoassay has been a growth driver for the company for the past several years with a compound growth rate (2002­2006) of around 19% (in constant currency) and we expect this trend to continue. Customers increasingly require combinations of immunoassay and chemistry systems in a consolidated work cell. This provides Beckman Coulter an important advantage as we build on our leadership position in clinical chemistry to expand our share of the immunoassay market, delivering gold standard tests and state-of-the-art systems in highly productive work cells.

600

300
·

Clinical laboratory automation constitutes another leadership advantage for our company. As a first mover in this area, we hold the number one position worldwide and demand is increasing for automation systems. These systems dramatically increase productivity for laboratories and help laboratories contend with the severe shortage of skilled medical technicians and the heightened requirements for quality and patient safety. As customers invest in Beckman Coulter automation solutions, we have the opportunity to establish a partnership with them for many years, supplying our complete range of systems, addressing nearly 100% of their routine clinical laboratory testing requirements.

0

10

BECK M A N COULTER 2006 A NNUA L R EPORT

·

Geographic market expansion, particularly in the Far East and Asia continues to provide attractive opportunities for growth. With our new trading company in China and our direct selling organization in India established, progress in these important and growing regions is expected to continue in 2007.

·

Molecular diagnostics is the fastest growing segment of clinical diagnostics. Over the next few years our development teams will be designing a "sample-to-answer" instrument system that will enable our hospital laboratory customers to participate in this high-value testing segment. We expect molecular diagnostics to be an important growth driver, as our company moves into the next decade.

Quality: Beckman and Coulter are two of the most recognized and valuable brand names in our industry. This is the legacy of providing high-quality laboratory testing systems to our customers for more than 70 years. Customers all over the world trust Beckman Coulter to supply critical test results 24 hours a day. We are convinced that superior quality drives growth. Customers recognize the improvements in productivity, performance and value they can achieve with Beckman Coulter systems. As we continue to differentiate our company through superior quality, reliability and service, we are confident that our customers and shareholders will be pleased. Operating Excellence: Our instrument system development teams, already recognized for creating the most prolific product pipeline in the industry, continue to focus on product robustness. Our reagent development teams seek to deliver new high-value tests for our systems in the most efficient manner with a combination of in-house development projects and collaborations with other leading institutions and companies. Our supply chain organization has begun implementing "Lean Six Sigma" concepts, encouraged by excellent results from a pilot project at our Chaska, Minnesota facility. Throughout 2007 and into 2008 and 2009, expect to hear about additional improvements to our overall infrastructure. We will continue to drive additional improvements in manufacturing, distribution and all our business processes. Company-wide application of tools like "Lean Six Sigma" and the implementation of comprehensive enterprise resource planning systems over the course of the next few years should deliver continuous improvements to our overall productivity. The fundamentals of Beckman Coulter's business are strong. As we emerge from the initial effects of our leasing change, our results and success are becoming more predictable. Looking back on 2006, our progress gives me confidence in the long-term vitality of Beckman Coulter. Our senior management team is largely in place. I am confident that we are building the best employee team in the industry and therefore, the most capable company in biomedical testing. We are on a clear path to industry leadership.

Scott Garrett President and Chief Executive Officer February 2007

11

