Beckman Coulter

2003 Annual Report

page 6

John P. Wareham
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Letter to Our

Stockholders
For the past five years, Beckman Coulter's fundamental strategies have moved the company to a reported compounded net earnings growth rate of 18%. Our focus on growing the core business, leveraging our tests and technologies around the biomedical continuum, and investing in high potential opportunities is still the right set of strategies for success. To support these strategies, early in 2003, our organizational approach evolved to a two-division structure allowing us to improve efficiencies and leverage our distribution channels in the biomedical research marketplace.

page 7

Beckman Coulter

2003 Annual Report

of our performance in 2003, the lines would be drawn with upward motion.
The completed image would highlight the introduction of

If you were to make a sketch

brilliant new products that have resulted in expansion
into new market segments and competitive

market share gains.
Beckman Coulter's sales for the year grew almost 7%, driven by the Clinical Diagnostics business and the Specialty Testing product area of the Biomedical Research Division. Clinical Diagnostics sales grew nearly 9%, aided by a terrific flow of new products for patient testing. The Biomedical Research Division grew about 2%, hampered by constrained funding for biotechnology and pharmaceutical research. After a combination of a restructuring charge, litigation settlement, escrow account proceeds, and the adoption of a new accounting principle, comparable operating profit margin increased to 13.9% of sales, helped mainly by measurable gross profit improvement. Consequently, on a comparable basis, net earnings increased 14.2%. On a reported basis, net earnings grew 52.9% to $207 million. Before the effects of all the unusual items, our earnings per share were $2.82, up 15.1%, continuing our historical earnings growth in the double digits. Our reported earnings per share for the year were $3.21, up 54.3%. Beckman Coulter's unique business model allows the company to generate considerable cash flow. Prudent management of the company's working capital and the positive impact of one-time events led to a reduction in debt of more than $100 million. The company's net cash flows from operations were a robust $225 million, even after more than $150 million in contributions to the company's pension plans. During the year, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.11 per share, plus committed to increase the dividend, over time, to our historic 15 ­ 20% payout ratio range. Dividends increased year-over-year by 14%. Early in the year, the company exercised the board's approval for share repurchase, buying back 1.2 million shares in 2003 at an average purchase price of $34.93. As a company, we spend nearly 9% of sales on research and development annually. This year, you could see the image of our R&D vision take the shape of exciting new products, which added to an already impressive palette of offerings.

New Products for the Art of Clinical Diagnostics
In the patient testing market, our hospital laboratory customers are faced with increasing volumes of testing as the labor pool shrinks. In addition, they are under constant pressure to contain health care costs. Our approach is to enable our customers to reduce labor and increase efficiency through automation and workstation consolidation, along with a growing menu of tests.

Beckman Coulter

2003 Annual Report

page 8

To support workstation consolidation, we began the worldwide rollout of the SYNCHRON LXi 725 combined routine chemistry and immunoassay system. With a menu of 150 tests and automated, closedtube sampling, this system helps laboratories reduce the number of patient blood tubes necessary for testing, lowers labor costs and improves lab safety. This first full year in release, we placed more than 135 new systems and upgrades.

Even more significant than the SYNCHRON LXi was the shipment of the UniCel  DxI 800 Access immunoassay system in June.
Our current low-volume immunoassay system, the Access-- along with its superior menu of thyroid, cardiac and prostate cancer tests -- helped us achieve a 6% share of this $5 billion testing segment. With the introduction of the UniCel system, we expand our served market opportunity close to 30%. We believe we can more than double our market share by 2007. In the second half of the year, we produced 100 systems and have dramatically increased production capacity to meet the increasing demand we anticipate in 2004 and beyond. In hematology, we continued to automate more of the testing process, introducing the LH 1500 hematology automation platform for high-volume labs. And, late in the year, we shipped a new mid-volume blood counter, the COULTER LH 500 system, to meet the needs of small- to mid-sized hospital labs. The worldwide market for laboratory testing is growing annually in the 5 ­ 7% range. In 2003, Beckman Coulter outgrew the market in many of its clinical diagnostic product areas, translating into competitive share gains brought about by the continued new product flow.

Adjusting to Serve the Science of Biomedical Discovery
We began the year with a consolidation of our Specialty Testing Division with our Life Science Research business to form the Biomedical Research Division. This was an opportunity to leverage our expertise, distribution systems and overhead during a time when the life sciences markets were in a cyclical downturn. In fact, there has been a two-year drought of funding for biotechnology firms and constrained spending for pharmaceutical R&D, offset only somewhat by reasonably healthy funding for academic research. During this transition period, we have moved from being a provider of "tools" to a provider of "solutions" for genomic, proteomic and cellular research. We also reassessed our R&D investment, allocating more investment into growing areas such as molecular pathology and clinical research. With the human genome mapped, the focus of scientific research has advanced to the next level -- understanding proteins and cells and their role in the health of the human body. Beckman Coulter has a number of products useful in all phases of proteomic research, including centrifuges, liquid handlers and spectrophotometers. However, a major bottleneck persists in separating and characterizing proteins in a sample. In May, the company started shipping a proprietary solution called the ProteomeLab PF 2D fractionation system, which simplifies and automates this key process in proteomics research. Our robotic automation and genetic analysis products were particularly affected by the downturn in the life sciences market. To combat the effects, we diversified our robotic automation customer base into growing segments such as forensics, biological agent testing and molecular pathology. At the same time, we introduced new products in centrifugation and genetic analysis to target the healthier academic research markets.

The star product area in the Biomedical Research Division was Specialty Testing, led by our successful foray into research flow cytometry with the Cytomics FC 500 series of flow cytometers.
We are automating more of the steps necessary to use this powerful cell analysis technology for disease and drug research. This product area grew more than 10% each quarter.

page 9

Beckman Coulter

2003 Annual Report

Creating the Canvas for 2004
With the continued rollout of new products introduced in 2003, along with several new entries in 2004, we are set to keep our core business growing in both sales and profitability. Beckman Coulter still has many opportunities to leverage its tests and technologies into new market segments. For example, the newly released GenomeLab SNPstream genotyping system has potential both in drug discovery applications and clinical research. And, our CEQ genetic analysis system, which has enjoyed much success in disease research labs, can move this year into clinical research applications. Our multi-year pursuit of high potential opportunities is also now paying dividends. Based on our own proprietary technology, we plan to introduce a dynamic new testing format called the A2 MicroArray, a medium density, multi-analyte testing format for protein research. And, after regulatory clearance, our investment in MHC Tetramers will also yield revenue from the patient care market with a product to monitor transplantation patients. Also in the high potential category is the rollout of our immunoassay strategy. To further the potential of the new UniCel DxI and SYNCHRON LXi systems, and to capture additional sales in the $5 billion immunoassay market, we signed four assay development agreements. One agreement, with Biosite, has already resulted in the introduction of a test for BNP (B-type natriuretic peptide), which is an indicator of congestive heart failure. In 2004, we are investing additional sales and marketing dollars to place as many systems as possible to generate the rich after-market test revenue.

All in all, our business is fit and focused. Our large, profitable after-market business in chemistry kits, supplies and service allows us to generate substantial free cash flow.
In 2004, our cash flow will likely be used to acquire new operating assets to facilitate growth in the business, repurchase additional stock and increase our dividend. Efficient execution of our plans in 2004 will require a dedicated executive to oversee the day-to-day operating activities from an integrated perspective. I am pleased with Scott Garrett's appointment as president and chief operating officer of the corporation. He has done an exceptional job running the Clinical Diagnostics Division since joining the company in 2002. Scott, backed by a tremendous staff of nearly 10,000 experienced and talented employees worldwide, is dedicated to the continued growth of this company. In this short space, I can only draw you the big picture of the company. I hope you will read through this annual report to gain further insight into our business and performance. As you delve deeper, I trust you will uncover the proud role we play in helping our customers draw out the information they need to improve the state of human health around the globe.

John P. Wareham Chairman and Chief Executive Officer January 29, 2004

