Letter to Stockholders

Dear Fellow Stockholders, Fiscal year 2004 was extremely challenging for the investment management business, as various regulatory bodies increased their scrutiny of specific firms and of the industry as a whole. Franklin Resources, Inc., was able to produce solid results for stockholders, despite the challenging environment. We are pleased to report that diluted earnings per share grew to $2.80 from $1.97 in the previous fiscal year. Market appreciation and net sales increased our assets by $61.3 billion, helping us reach assets under management of $361.9 billion. I am especially proud of how the people of Franklin Templeton approached the challenges of the year with determined persistence, a spirit of cooperation and a true commitment to protecting investors' interests. During the year, we reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that resolved the issues resulting from their investigation of market timing activity, and an agreement with the State of Massachusetts concerning one instance of market timing. In November, we announced a settlement agreement with the California Attorney General regarding its revenue sharing investigation, and as of the printing of this report (November 29, 2004), we continued to work with the SEC on resolving its investigation of this same issue. On January 1, 2004, Martin L. Flanagan and Gregory E. Johnson became co-CEOs. Our business continues to grow and prosper under their leadership, and I remain confident in their ability to execute a very thoughtfully planned strategy. I know that Marty and Greg would tell you that their success is enabled by all the employees of this company, and by the strong senior leadership team they have in place.

5

Letter to Stockholders

Their collaborative approach means that our company has a highly unified vision, and their expectation of accountability and performance means that everyone is driven to achieve results for our clients. In the pages that follow, Marty and Greg will tell you in their own words how they are thinking about the business right now, but first I would like to share a few of the year's highlights. I am especially excited about our growth this year, much of which occurred outside the United States. Assets under management in Italy, Hong Kong and India crossed the $1 billion, $2 billion and $4 billion marks, respectively. Assets in Switzerland and Japan crossed the $1 billion and $3 billion marks, respectively. Franklin Templeton Investments India became the largest private sector mutual fund group in India as of March 31, 2004. Total assets under management generated by business lines outside of the U.S. exceeded $87 billion as of year-end. As our client base broadens geographically, it also continues to broaden beyond the traditional retail mutual fund investor to encompass more and more institutional and high net-worth clients. We remain attentive to the specialized needs of these clients and continue to expand the investment choices available to them. To that end, on October 1, 2003, we completed the acquisition of Darby Overseas Investments, Ltd. and Darby Overseas Partners, L.P., a group specializing in emerging markets private equity and mezzanine funds. It is no easy task to meet the needs of a growing and diverse client population, but as I have told Franklin Templeton employees year after year, the investors' best interests must be at the center of everything we do. I find it especially gratifying when third parties recognize our commitment to and our success in this area--not just in the United States, but in places like Korea, where Morningstar Korea ranked

6

Franklin Templeton as the second best equity manager and third best fixed-income manager. We also received recognition in Switzerland, the UK, Germany, Austria, Taiwan and Canada. Our efforts to serve clients via the Internet have also proven especially successful. Franklintempleton.com was recognized for the fourth consecutive year as a "Top 10 Intermediary Web Site" by Kasina. DALBAR also ranked franklintempleton.com among the top five websites for both consumers and financial professionals in its most recent quarterly ranking of financial services websites. Most telling, perhaps, is what customers say about their confidence in our company. In a quarterly survey of shareholder satisfaction conducted by National Quality Review, a third-party customer service evaluator, 95% of respondents said that they would recommend Franklin Templeton Investments to others, and 92% rated their overall satisfaction a four or five (five representing "Completely Satisfied"). On behalf of everyone here at Franklin Templeton, I would like to thank you for your confidence. We remain committed to serving your best interests and to positioning our organization for continued success.

Sincerely,

CHARLES B. JOHNSON

Chairman

7

