LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 President and
Chief Executive Officer
Gregory E. Johnson
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
We are pleased to share with you the company’s 2012 annual report. During this fiscal year, Franklin Templeton Investments achieved significant results amid an uncertain macroeconomic environment. These results illustrate the value of the firm’s long-term perspective, the diversity of our global business and the hard work of our employees, whom we consider to be among the best in the industry.
Franklin Templeton’s time-tested investment disciplines have served us well for 65 years, across all market cycles. This year was no exception. Globally, more than 70% of the company’s long-term ranked assets were in the top two quartiles of their respective peer groups at fiscal year-end for total return for the three- year period, with more than 80% for the five-year and 10-year periods.1
Net income and earnings per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012, set all-time highs. Net income was $1.9 billion, and diluted earnings per share grew 4% to $8.95 from $8.62 in the previous fiscal year. Operating income remained strong at $2.5 billion.
At September 30, 2012, reported assets under management (AUM) also reached an all-time high of approximately $750 billion, compared to approximately $660 billion one year earlier. Market appreciation was a key driver of this 14% increase, along with strong investor interest in our income-oriented strategies.
Franklin Templeton’s mutual funds and other investment alternatives raised over $170 billion on a gross basis during the year—among the best results in the company’s history—reflecting our diversified mix of assets by investment strategy, client type and geographic region.
 4

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
We also continued to make progress on our strategic initiatives, including developing our solutions and alternatives capabilities, and positioning the firm for further international growth.
FOCUSING ON INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE
As always, our top priority is to achieve long-term investment excellence. Through active portfolio management, we strive to consistently produce superior long-term results for our clients worldwide. Our
global portfolio teams benefit from the support of our dedicated risk management specialists who are integrated into the investment selection process.
Notably, Franklin Templeton was again ranked number one for its funds’ 10-year performance this year in Barron’s annual review of US-registered mutual fund families.2 Franklin Templeton has earned this recognition in three of the past four years, a significant achievement for our investment groups.
Our investment professionals continue to drive this success. We build teams of talented and experienced portfolio managers and analysts who are true experts at what they do. Franklin Templeton’s 550-plus investment professionals based around the world average over 16 years of experience in the industry and more than 10 years with the firm.
Ingrained in our investment traditions is the importance of creating lasting wealth for our clients. Our long-term focus allows our portfolio managers to avoid the distractions of the latest news and remain true to their investment disciplines, even during periods of heightened market volatility or short-term shifts in market sentiment.
For example, in the first part of the fiscal year, our global fixed income strategies experienced short-term underperformance. However, the portfolio management team used this period to take advantage of market dislocations that were out of line with their long-range thesis. As a result,
Assets Under Management (AUM) in USD Billions
As of September 30
$750 $660
$645
  39
  45
 15
   39
  45
  15
   43
  39
 17
 $507 $523
  47
  33
  19
  52
  28
 19
1% 1% 1% 1% 1%
’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12
Asset Mix (%) Equity
Fixed Income Hybrid
Cash Management
      “I feel privileged to be part of a team that is passionate about investing, diligent, curious and has a high level of integrity.”
Heather Arnold
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, LONDON
  5

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  “I help the company understand the needs
of our customers in
one of the fastest-growing regions in the world.”
Hui Kheng Goh MARKETING, SINGAPORE
performance for these strategies has rebounded in a relatively short period of time.
Recent developments in the municipal bond market have illustrated another benefit of having a long-term, carefully researched perspective. Our municipal bond department’s 35 years of experience and deep-rooted expertise told them that dire predictions of high default rates in 2011 were extremely unlikely to occur. When such predictions failed to materialize and investors recognized the benefit of the only tax-exempt asset class, our tax-free funds experienced a rebound with almost $5 billion in net new flows in fiscal year 2012. Our long- term focus has helped us achieve
a 30% share of the US tax-free income market in terms of AUM as of September 30, 2012.3
Investors have been heavily weighted toward fixed income for several years, despite historically low interest rates and the looming potential for inflation. However, we believe a return to equity investing is inevitable and prudent. Franklin Templeton is striving to be ahead of the curve by actively promoting the importance of diversification, as well as the strength of our equity and hybrid products.
To this end, the company recently launched the next phase of its “2020 Vision” series with the “Time to Take Stock” campaign. The goal is to help financial advisors and their clients assess their current situation. The campaign also shows investors how they can rebuild their portfolios to
help reach their future goals, including simple, actionable steps to increase exposure to equities.
One of our core strategic initiatives this year was to expand our alternative investment capabilities. The quest for non-correlated assets
is driving institutional investors, as well as individuals, to the alternatives market and represents an opportunity for growth. In an effort to meet evolving investor needs, we continue to expand our multi-asset and alternative strategies lineup. In September 2012, the company announced that it had agreed to acquire a majority stake in K2 Advisors Holdings LLC, a leading, independent, fund of hedge funds solutions provider. K2’s competitive track record, vision for growth and conservative risk management make it a strong fit for Franklin Templeton. The acquisition was completed in November.
CREATING ENDURING CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
Doing what is right for investors and continually earning their trust have always been central to our mission. This time-tested approach has been integral to building strong customer relationships.
In fact, a 2012 study conducted by
the Financial Times found that trustworthiness is the most important attribute when financial advisors choose a firm to manage their clients’ assets. In this study, Franklin Templeton received the highest score among
  6

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
large US asset management companies from advisors who associated our brand with trustworthiness.4
Currently, we have over 220,000 financial professional relationships worldwide, and it takes a concerted effort to communicate effectively with such a geographically diverse group. But by making it a priority to add science to the art of selling, we have worked to reinvent distribution, as technology has become a significant factor in building strong relationships with financial advisors and clients. We have a terrific global advisory services group that we support with the best analytics and enhanced digital communications.
The firm continues to roll out redesigned and rebranded country and regional websites to foster
a more consistent look and feel while providing expanded functionality for local teams to customize content for their stakeholders. A total of
17 websites were launched this fiscal year, including redesigned websites
for Italy, Japan and the UK, as well as brand-new websites for Malaysia and Romania.
As mobile communication has become increasingly important, we have enhanced our digital presence on smartphones and tablets to extend our relationships and strengthen engagement. In March 2012, we launched the Franklin Templeton app for iPad® on the App StoreSM, which provides a unique, highly interactive way for on-the-go US financial advisors and investors to quickly access fund information.5 The launch also increases our connection with the younger generation of advisors and investors. Furthermore, we expanded our presence on social media sites, most notably in India where the local Facebook page already has over 300,000 followers.
As important as technology and social media are, they do not replace person-to-person interaction. We were pleased to see that Franklin Templeton’s US internal wholesaler
team was recognized as one of the industry’s best at providing service and support, according to an advisor survey by Cogent Research.6 In Canada, DALBAR ranked Franklin Templeton number one for customer service among advisor-distributed firms for the seventh consecutive year.7
GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE WITH LOCAL EXPERTISETM
Our success over the past 65 years has been built on a foundation
of solid long-term investment performance, product innovation and exceptional customer service. Today, Franklin Templeton is a diversified business that spans the globe, with
a presence on six continents, offices in 35 countries, and customers in over 150 countries.
We have continued to benefit from strong interest from institutional clients, with fiscal year 2012 marking one of the best years ever for our institutional business. International institutional clients showed a broad interest in equity strategies, managed
  “I strive to make every customer a life-long customer.”
Sandeep Singh
COUNTRY HEAD, MALAYSIA
  7

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 Direct Reports to the Chief Executive Officer (left to right):
Kenneth A. Lewis Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer
Donald F. Reed
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. (Canada)
Craig S. Tyle
Executive Vice President General Counsel
Gregory E. Johnson President
Chief Executive Officer
Jennifer M. Johnson Executive Vice President Chief Operating Officer
John M. Lusk Executive Vice President Investment Management
William Y. Yun Executive Vice President Alternative Strategies
Vijay C. Advani Executive Vice President Global Advisory Services
both locally and globally. In addition to our securing mandates in more traditional strategies, we were successful in winning new institutional client accounts investing with our local asset managers in Canada, India, Latin America and Malaysia.
Our flagship cross-border group of funds, Franklin Templeton Investment Funds (domiciled in Luxembourg), reached $142 billion in assets as of September 30, 2012, an increase of approximately 9% from the previous year, which maintained our ranking as the largest individual retail cross- border fund umbrella.8 It has been an important part of our international growth and an area of ongoing focus.
Product innovation continues to propel our business, and we aim to thoughtfully create investment
strategies that will meet investors’ long-term objectives. Local funds remain a priority given the universal investor phenomenon known as “home-country bias.” Addressing that bias was a strong driver in our 2011 acquisitions of Balanced Equity Management in Australia and Rensburg Fund Management in the UK. Significant progress was made during the year toward the integration of these two groups while preserving their independent investment management approach.
Additional international product development efforts this year included offering a broader range of products in China, building an onshore fund range in Taiwan and expanding the retail fund lineup in South Africa. Also, Franklin Templeton launched FTIF Franklin Brazil Opportunities
 8

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
Fund, leveraging our local asset management presence in Brazil and the firm’s global resources to invest in timely opportunities from across the Brazilian equity and fixed income markets.
Globally, the overall result of regulatory, legislative and tax changes is expected to have a tremendous impact on the investment management industry and our organization in the years ahead. While the global financial crisis peaked several years ago, it is only now that many of the resulting regulatory responses are coming to
be implemented. As a firm, we will continue to allocate resources to enable us to adapt to these changes, some of which may create new opportunities.
PROVEN FINANCIAL STRENGTH
AND STABILITY
Franklin Templeton’s financial strength and stability are hallmarks of our organization. We strive to operate our business with prudence and fiscal responsibility.
The strength of our balance sheet gives us the ability to invest in long-term growth projects and to seed new funds. It also allows us to return a substantial portion
of our earnings to stockholders through stock repurchases and cash dividends.
Over the course of the year, the company returned almost $1.5 billion to shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and dividends. During fiscal year 2012, Franklin Resources’ board of directors announced
a $2.00 per share special dividend in December 2011, and also increased the regular cash dividend by 8%. The regular cash dividend has increased annually since its commencement
in 1981.
In response to volatile market conditions early in the fiscal year, we issued a challenge to business leaders to closely manage expenses. Overall, the company was able to reduce spending by midyear, demonstrating the quick- to-act mentality of our employees and the flexibility of our operating model.
AUM by Region
As of September 30, 2012
United States . . . . . .66%
Europe, the Middle
East and Africa . . . .16%
    Asia-Pacific . . . Canada . . . . . . . . Latin America
AUM by Client Type
As of September 30, 2012
Retail . . . . . . . . . . Institutional . . . High Net Worth
. . . . .10% . . . . . 5% . . . . . 3%
. . . . .76% . . . . .22% . . . . . 2%
        “I partner with colleagues across the globe to bring our products and services to customers in new and emerging markets.”
Michael Jadalla MARKETING, DUBAI
  9

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  “I make sure we have the tools and technology to deliver an exceptional experience to our customers across the globe.”
Priscilla Moyer TECHNOLOGY & OPERATIONS, UNITED STATES
 THE MOST IMPORTANT ASSET— OUR PEOPLE
On this page and throughout this report, you will see glimpses of what makes our success possible—namely, our talented employees. What continues to define our employees
is their professionalism and their commitment to a common culture. They embrace our core values: putting clients first, building relationships, achieving quality results and working with integrity.
This year, we established a new tradition of formally recognizing our employees who have worked at least 20 years in the organization. Over 500 dedicated global employees with this distinction have invested their careers to build this organization.
LOOKING FORWARD TO 2013
As we enter 2013 and continue to navigate the global recovery, it is important to remember that the
investment management industry offers tremendous opportunities
for those well-positioned firms with the right strategy. We believe our strong long-term investment performance, combined with our broad product offering and globally diversified business, positions us well for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Thank you for your ongoing support and the trust you have placed in us.
Sincerely,
Gregory E. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer Franklin Resources, Inc.
 1. Sources: AUM measured in the peer group rankings represents 89% of our total AUM as of 9/30/12. The peer group rankings are sourced from Lipper, Morningstar or eVestment in each fund’s market and were based on an absolute ranking of returns as of 9/30/12. For products with multiple share classes, rankings for the primary share class are applied to the entire product. Private equity, certain privately offered emerging market and real estate funds and cash management are not included. Certain other funds and products were also excluded because of limited peer group data. Past performance cannot predict or guarantee future results.
2. Source: Barron’s, 2/4/12. For the 1-, 5- and 10-year periods ended 12/31/11, Franklin Templeton ranked 30 out of 58, 9 out of53and1outof45.
3. Source: Investment Company Institute, 9/30/12. Includes US-registered, long-term, open-end funds sold through the non- proprietary distribution channel.
4. Source: Ignites.com, 1/26/12. Survey of 241 financial advisors conducted by the Financial Times Global Customer & Market Insights Team, measuring the standing and profile of 21 large and well-known US asset management companies.
5. Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
6. Source: Press release, “Mutual Fund Wholesaler Quality IndexTM Rankings Announced,” 10/18/11. Cogent Research polled 1,643 retail investment advisors on five aspects of their relationship with internal and external wholesalers, including business-building ideas, problem resolution and support, commitment to helping advisors succeed, integrity and honesty, and depth/breadth of product knowledge.
7. Source: DALBAR, Inc., 9/30/12. DALBAR’s Service Quality Measurement program provides an annual ranking of the level of telephone service being provided by various financial services firms. These rankings are based on four detailed criteria including the representative’s expertise, professionalism, the level of accommodation and the level of sales effectiveness during the interaction. 8. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company, 9/30/12. Includes open-end retail funds sold outside of the US.
Investors should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a summary prospectus and/or prospectus, which contains this and other information, for any US-registered Franklin Templeton fund, investors should talk to their financial advisors or call Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc. at (800) DIAL BEN ® or (800) 342-5236. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
 10
