 Building enduring Brands
     4
brown-forman
tOdaY truly dwarfs the company i joined nearly 40 years ago. In statistical terms important to you, our share- holders, we have grown our net income from around $12 million to $400 million. We have suc- ceeded in moving our company from one whose norm was being highly leveraged to one whose routinely strong balance sheet is a source of pride. And, because we have succeeded in getting our assets to work ever harder for you, we have pro- duced cash flows which have enabled our earnings to increase from $0.05 per share in 1968 to $3.22 a share today: more than a 60-fold increase.
¥¥¥
Numbers alone are insufficient to understand the depth of our progress. We have evolved from a com- pany that struggled to afford hiring great managers to a company now populated with a multitude of them. We have evolved from a company whose employees were almost exclusively American to one whose employees are citizens of almost all the major countries of the world. We have evolved from a company that operated mostly on instinct and rules of thumb into one of the most thought- ful, talented, and professional organizations of comparable size you can find anywhere.
¥¥¥
As we made this evolution, we have tried to codify our operating philosophy based both on enduring values and on learning from our recent decadesÕ experiences.
¥ We continue to be passionate about produc- ing high-quality products and promoting our brands responsibly;
¥ We remain dedicated to achieving excellence and continuously improving all we do;
¥ We continue to seek out people of honesty and integrity who respect one another in all our relationships;
¥ We remain committed to safeguarding the environment and enhancing the communities where we live, work, and do business; and
¥ We continue to benefit from the valuable sup- port of our long-term shareholders, especially members of the Brown family.
¥¥¥
In the three-plus years that Paul Varga and his senior leadership team have been at the helm of the company, we have furthered our progress in each of these areas while achieving praise- worthy underlying earnings growth. You can see, therefore, why I believe the enormous confidence I have in the wisdom of the leadership that will guide this company in the future is well placed. And I know our Board of Directors will carry on in an equally positive manner with the guidance of our prospective Presiding Chairman, Garvin Brown IV.
Sincerely yours,
Owsley BrOwn ii, Chairman
 Paul C. varga, Chairman >
