 This year’s
Vision — is an apt descriptor of Brown-Forman. The intent is to convey that our company is blessed with the values, tradi- tions, and know-how derived from decades of experience and family ownership, while also possessing the creative spirit and growth mindset that is so vital to enduring success. I can think of no finer example of “Deep Roots” and “Dynamic Vision” than our own Jack Daniel’s brand, which continues to propel our company forward at the same time that it celebrates its own 150th anniversary.
FISCAL YEAR 2016
OUR UNDERLYING GROWTH STORY CONTINUES –
Building on so many years of excellent progress, this past year was another rewarding year for Brown-Forman. And the story of fiscal 2016 was not unlike recent years.
We grew net sales 5% (-2% as reported) and operating income 8% (49% as reported), with both of these metrics ahead of our industry competitive set. Our reported results
annual
report
theme — Deep
Roots, Dynamic
were again hurt by the strong dollar, but those same results did benefit significantly from a one-time gain on the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca.
Brown-Forman was propelled once again by our portfolio of premium American Whiskeys, with the Jack Daniel’s trade- mark continuing to be the primary driver. The Jack Daniel’s family performance continued to benefit from innovation as Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey and Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire contributed nicely to growth, and reached 1.9 million cases in total volumes. Gentleman Jack, Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, and Sonoma-Cutrer continued to post excellent results, and our Casa Herradura tequila portfolio had perhaps its best year yet since becoming part of the Brown-Forman family nearly a decade ago.
We continued to benefit from our balanced geographic diversification. While fiscal 2016 was a more challenging year for our emerging markets business and travel retail channel, the United States and other developed markets delivered consistently solid growth, helping to pick up some of the slack.
June 28, 2016
DEAR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS, –
Paul C. Varga Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
   10/11
  
    Brown-Forman’s Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) was 23%, the highest in a decade. Our excellent ROIC is emblem- atic of the company’s capital efficiency and organic growth emphasis. Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for the year was a solid 8%. The company’s TSRs over the 5-year (+18%) and 10-year (+12%) horizons remain well above our industry, the S&P 500, and Consumer Staples.
While fiscal 2016 results were similar in many ways to prior years, you should not interpret that they were easily attained. We operate in an intensely competitive industry that is exposed to a dizzying array of economic, social, and regulatory influ- ences. Rest assured, the Brown-Forman management team is constantly making adjustments that we believe will ensure continued success.
INVESTING TODAY FOR TOMORROW’S GROWTH
–
In addition to delivering solid short-term results in fiscal 2016, I believe this past year will be remembered for the work we undertook to position the company for success in 2025 and beyond. While we have always taken the long view of our busi- ness (somewhat by necessity, given the aging cycles for many of our products), I believe that the last 12 months have been even more exemplary of Brown-Forman’s long-term orientation.
The acquisition of GlenDronach, BenRiach, and Glenglas- saugh single malt Scotches, the investment in Slane Irish Whiskey, and the creation of Coopers’ Craft Bourbon all transpired in the last year. When considered alongside the disposition of Southern Comfort and Tuaca liqueurs, we again demonstrated a willingness to sacrifice some short-term sales and profits for the benefit of improved rates of growth and superior value creation over the longer term.
This long-term view is also evident through our continuing capital investments behind Jack Daniel’s, Woodford Reserve, and Old Forester. These investments will expand production capacity and enhance our hospitality platforms as we plan for greater consumption and additional visitors to our brand homeplaces in the years ahead.
This current period of investment for Brown-Forman is reminiscent of similar occasions in our recent history when we made meaningful changes to benefit our long-term future. Our geographic expansion of the early 1990s certainly comes to mind, as do our dispositions of consumer durables in the mid-2000s and the sale of our popular-priced wines to enable a stronger focus on premium spirits. Similar to today, these prior moves directed the company toward the very best opportunities for growth and value creation over the foresee- able future.
5-YEAR TOTAL
SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
–
based on compound annual growth rate
 BFB
Consumer Staples Campari Diageo S&P 500 Competitive Set Pernod Remy
               0% 5%
10% 15% 20%
*Source: FactSet, as of April 30, 2016, in local currency, assuming dividends reinvested. Note – the Competitive set is a weighted average based upon each competitor’s LTM sales.
10-YEAR TOTAL
SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
–
based on compound annual growth rate
 BFB
Consumer Staples Diageo Campari Competitive Set Remy S&P 500 Pernod
            0% 5% 10% 15%
 In addition to delivering solid results in fiscal 2016, I believe this past year will be remembered for the work we undertook to position the company for success in 2025 and beyond.
      
     Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey sold 12.3 million cases in fiscal 2016.
12.3 MILLION CASES
Our commitment to corporate responsibility is intrinsically linked to our values, guiding our decisions about the business and the way we do it.
A FUTURE AS BRIGHT AS OUR PAST
–
I am often asked to discuss the company’s prospects for the future. Stakeholders of Brown-Forman appreciate our combi- nation of high margins, high returns, organic growth, strong capital stewardship, and acceptable risk tolerance. Of these five, the sustainability of our growth is the most probed by followers of the company. They wonder, “Can we keep it going,
and if so, for how long?”
My response will sometimes reference our 10-year Total
Shareholder Return. Since past performance is no guarantee of future performance, my audience usually wants more proof. I offer this by citing my belief in our brands, their long runways for growth as evidenced by their relatively low market shares, and the quality of both our people and our culture (these last two being the most essential ingredients to our company’s enduring success).
Our super- and ultra- premium whiskey brands grew net sales by double digits in fiscal 2016.*
Old Forester grew net sales
  1.2 MILLION CASES
   by 47% (48% as
s reported).
 47
In recent years, curiosity in the United States has naturally centered on the resurgence (and sustainability) of the American Whiskey category. The category momentum is observable by studying industry metrics, by looking at any restaurant’s back bar, or by listening to someone order an Old Forester or Gentleman Jack at a bar.
Bourbons and American Whiskeys are on a roll of late. And while this is a source of both momentum and competition for Brown-Forman, the category’s growth, in my view, is deci- sively more of an opportunity than a threat. Regardless of how one views this particular point, it is important to remember that Brown-Forman had exceptional success prior to American Whiskey’s surge—and I believe we will continue to succeed even if the category momentum slows at some point down the road. It’s my personal belief, however, that the category growth can continue well into the future (if for no other reason than the fact that Brown-Forman is its leader and we intend to do our very best to grow our brands).
To be convinced that American Whiskey can continue the roll it has been on, it’s necessary to understand why it enjoys the momentum it does today. While it would be easier to understand if there were a singular “silver bullet” explana- tion, a comprehensive consideration yields many factors that, in combination, are some of the most likely contributors to today’s American Whiskey boom.
To start, on a broader level, today’s consumers are increas- ingly seeking out brands that are authentic and real. As part of this, they often appreciate things that are down-to-earth, unpretentious, humble, folksy, and sometimes rugged.
Evidence of this can be observed in the beer business (craft beers), the soft drink business (old-time sodas), the apparel
 %
   For the Kentucky 1000 Derby, Old Forester
Mint Julep offered
more than 1,000
In 2015, Newsweek magazine named Brown-Forman the third “greenest” U.S. beverage company.
RD 11 3
*Super/Ultra-premium whiskey brands include the Woodford Reserve family, Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel, Gentleman Jack, Sinatra Select, No. 27 Gold, and Collingwood.
  vouchers for rides with Yellow Cab in nine locations.
Total company-led charitable cash contributions in 2016 approached $11 million.
FREE RIDES
  $ MILLION
GREENEST
   12/13
     EST 1870

    business (where more substantive materials like flannel or rough-hewn designs are more prominent), and even in our own personal appearances (as heavy beards are far more commonplace).
In addition to this desire for authenticity is a longing for a simpler, less hectic time than we typically experience today. As a result, things that have “retro” or “throwback” appeal are attractive to today’s consumer. Consider vinyl records, the “Mad Men” television series, and even Old Forester as such examples. Important to this is having a real history and the interesting stories that support it. Today, it’s pretty cool to cel- ebrate a 150th anniversary or to have lasted through a couple of World Wars or, in the case of Old Forester, to have survived the outright prohibition of your industry.
Provenance is also playing an important role. When we are introduced to another person, we often ask them, “Where are you from?” The same is increasingly true of brands. And it seems the smaller the locale the better. Reflecting the longing for a simpler life, rural towns, town squares, and neighbor- hoods are more hip today than big cities or suburbia.
Paramount to American Whiskey’s appeal has been a growing interest by consumers in how (and by whom) things are made. Bourbon has always been well-crafted, and when consumers decide to learn more about their brands, bourbon’s story as well as its easygoing hospitality fit beautifully with their newfound curiosity. How nice that America’s whiskey distilleries will open their front doors and welcome guests to observe their production operations and hear their stories. The fact that visitors seem to love the experience does not surprise me. Visiting Woodford Reserve or Jack Daniel’s Distillery sounds a lot more fun to me than touring the manufacturing facility of my favorite ketchup or cereal brand.
As a person who has worked my entire adult life in the American Whiskey business, I can honestly say that I have been waiting three decades for some things to become cool— like flannel and ball caps, overalls and beards, and small towns and old-time virtues. And guess what? It is happening.
I also believe that our increasingly chaotic lives have played a role in American Whiskey’s appeal. The realities and threat of terrorism alone have made life more stressful. Additionally, technological advances have enabled a world that is “on call” and over-stimulated, far beyond what our brains and bodies have been conditioned to absorb. We struggle to unplug and when we do, we are woeful in our attempts to truly relax for a sustained period.
As a result of this stress, the world decided it needed a real drink — and bourbon is it.
AN EXCELLENT BUSINESS –
as of April 30, 2016
 30%
    20%
 10%
 Consumer
BFB
 0%
Staples
Competitive Set
 S&P 500
  0% 15%
OPERATING MARGIN
Source: Company information & Factset for the indices and Competitive Set, which is based upon
weighted average operating income for Diageo, Pernod, Campari, and Remy.
*Return on invested capital is defined as the sum of net income (excluding the gain on the sale of Southern
Comfort and Tuaca) and after-tax interest expense, divided by average invested capital. Invested capital equals assets less liabilities, excluding interest-bearing debt.
Robust and flavorful on the palate, yet accessible and ver- satile, American Whiskey is not too challenging of an acquired taste for the experimental drinker. And, of added benefit for consumers, it mixes as easily as it goes down straight. It’s a real drink that you can actually enjoy drinking.
So, American Whiskey possesses appealing traits such as authenticity, history, craftsmanship, hospitality, unpretentious- ness, humility, great taste, and versatility. And most of the world’s more than 7 billion people have never even tried it — yet.
Is American Whiskey here to stay? I believe it is, and at Brown-Forman, we are certainly going to do our part to ensure that it remains. And in doing so, we will strive to prove that these timeless attributes indeed stand the test of time.
In closing, let me again thank our valued employees and partners across the world for another year of excellent prog- ress. Their actions make Brown-Forman a place with Deep Roots and Dynamic Vision. I also thank you, our shareholders, for your continuous support of the company.
Sincerely,
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 28, 2016
    ROIC*
30%
