  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
  08
JUNE 26, 2018
The theme of this year’s annual report, Icons of American Whiskey, aims to highlight our leading American Whiskey brands and the leadership roles that they play in one of the most attractive categories in the distilled spirits industry today. Because of trademarks like Jack Daniel’s, Woodford Reserve, and Old Forester, Brown-Forman is fortunate to be the global leader of the Premium American Whiskey category and we aspire to build on that position in the years ahead.
Since the writing of this letter coincides with the recent announcement of my retirement from Brown-Forman at calendar year end, this marks my final annual report letter to you. Instead of recapping the prior twelve months in some detail as has been my norm, I thought I might share a few reflections from the last fifteen years or so about the company. In doing so, I hope to give you a continued sense of optimism about Brown-Forman going forward.
In opting to take a longer-term view with this year’s letter, it is not because I want to shift your attention away from our short-term results. Quite the contrary. Brown-Forman had an excellent fiscal year 2018 and our fiscal year 2019 plans aim to continue the momentum. For those who would enjoy a detailed look at fiscal year 2018, you should find sufficient information provided by a combination of this annual report, the proxy statement that accompanies it, and our year-end earnings release.
As I’ve noted many times, it has been our ambition to perform consistently well across the short, mid, and long term. Aided by a stellar 53% total shareholder return (TSR) in fiscal year 2018, Brown-Forman ranked at the very top relative to our competitive benchmarks on a 1-, 5-, and 10-year basis. Of particular note is the consistency of the company’s 3-, 5-, and 10-year TSRs, which were 18%, 17%, and 17%, respectively.
Paul C. Varga, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
What ingredients are required to produce consistent results such as these? Limiting myself to a mere five ingredients, here is one man’s point of view...
ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
Over the years, we have consistently attempted to improve our company’s long-term financial profile by creating, acquiring, and/or selling brands. When this occurred, the metrics that we prioritized were Operating Margin, Return on Invested Capital (ROIC), and Growth in Underlying Net Sales. The additions of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire, the Casa Herradura Tequila brands, the BenRiach Single Malt Scotch brands, and Slane Irish Whiskey, paired with the dispositions of Lenox, Hartmann, the popular-priced wine brands, and Southern Comfort, stand as good examples of our consistent portfolio reshaping. I feel we’ve made smart portfolio judgments over the years and today our premium-skewed portfolio remains poised for considerable growth in the years ahead.
 
 SUPERB BRAND BUILDING
Having a nice stable of trademarks does not automatically translate to enduring value creation. The brands have to be built each and every day. This exercise requires steady doses of investment and creativity, as well as a deep understand- ing of a brand’s consumer and trade dynamics. To enable our brand building, we have steadily invested in furthering our company’s Route to Consumer (RTC) around the world, which has given us more direct access to the consumer and trade. We’ve also long known the importance of product quality and I believe our global production colleagues have consistently “put it in the bottle.” Brown-Forman’s brand building capabil- ity is on vivid display today via our work on the Jack Daniel’s, Woodford Reserve, Herradura, Sonoma-Cutrer, Slane, and Old Forester trademarks, to highlight but a few.
EXCELLENT CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT
This is an area where I feel the com- pany has particularly excelled over the years. We have regularly prioritized reinvestment in the business and this is most visible today through the cap- ital programs recently completed or underway at Jack Daniel’s, Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, Slane, and Brown-Forman Cooperage. I believe that properly balancing risk/reward and having a long-term view are both paramount to Brown-Forman’s capital deployment success. Given the relatively
high multiples paid for acquisitions in our industry, patience and discipline are also beneficial qualities. We looked at countless acquisition opportunities over the last 15 years, but only chose to act on a few. Looking back now, I can say that some of the best decisions we made were decisions not to acquire certain brands we had considered, opting instead to repurchase our own stock or to supplement our consistent dividend program. I feel we’ve been very good stewards of the company’s capital, and our 20% ROIC today is one such indi- cator of that.
A STRONG GOVERNANCE SYSTEM
I believe that the triad of the Brown fam- ily, the Brown-Forman Board of Directors, and the company’s management combine to form a rock-solid governance system. The controlling ownership and construc- tive engagement by the Brown family are a decided advantage for Brown-Forman as the family enables our independence and encourages our long-term orienta- tion. The Board regularly encourages and challenges management on topics such as strategy, performance, capital deployment, and corporate responsi- bility while expertly representing the company’s shareholders. In addition to stewarding the company’s financial and strategic success, the Board and family’s oversight, as controlling shareholders, has set the tone for the company’s excel- lent record on financial responsibility, litigation avoidance, compliance, alcohol
09
       The brands have to be built each and every day.

   BROWN-FORMAN EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
From left, top row: Alejandro A. Alvarez, Senior Vice President, Chief Production Officer / Lawson E. Whiting, Chief Operating Officer / Jane C. Morreau, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer / Mark I. McCallum, Executive Vice President and President, Jack Daniel’s Brands / Michael J. Keyes, Senior Vice President and President, North America Region / Paul C. Varga, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer / John V. Hayes, Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Brown-Forman Brands / Ralph E. de Chabert, Senior Vice President, Chief Diversity Officer / Lisa P. Steiner, Senior Vice President, Chief of Staff
From left, bottom row: Thomas Hinrichs, Senior Vice President and President, Europe, North Asia, and ANZSEA / Michael A. Masick, Vice President, Director Corporate Strategy and Business Development / Jill A. Jones, Former Executive Vice President and President, North America, CCSA, IMEA, and Global Travel Retail / Kirsten M. Hawley, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer / Matthew E. Hamel, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
 10
led by our American Whiskey portfolio. With Lawson and Garvin Brown IV atop the company’s strong governance system for many years to come, Brown-Forman’s stakeholders have good reason to be optimistic about the company’s future.
So, there you have it—one man’s syn- opsis of why Brown-Forman has excelled over so many years (and why it will continue to do so). And to be clear, these advantageous attributes took root long before I had the privilege to become the company’s CEO. I feel so blessed and fortunate to have had the opportunity to leave even a small imprint on this very special place as it passes through time enriching the lives of so many. That opportunity was given to me by two people whom I consider to be Icons of American Whiskey of the highest form, Owsley Brown II and Bill Street. I will for- ever be indebted to them for setting the company (and me) on a course that has been truly remarkable and immensely rewarding. I am equally indebted to Garvin and the Brown family, our Board of Directors, and to all of my colleagues across our Brown-Forman community. Thank you for making the company the success that it is today, and thanks as well to you, our valued shareholders, for your steady support over these last fifteen years.
With sincere appreciation,
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 26, 2018
 responsibility, environmental sustainabil- ity, corporate philanthropy, and diversity and inclusion. As the company nears its 150th anniversary in the year 2020, shareholders can rest assured that a highly professional system of governance is in place at Brown-Forman.
GREAT PEOPLE WORKING IN A GREAT CULTURE
This is perhaps the most important ingre- dient of all. The other four ingredients I’ve cited simply do not exist unless there are highly capable people working in an environment that allows them to thrive. And Brown-Forman is such a place. My parents (and my upbringing generally) taught me to be good to other people by showing them respect and kindness. How fortunate for me that at the age of
twenty-three I found Brown-Forman, a place where politeness, civility, respect and compassion are on regular display. I’ve come to believe that the surest path to greatness is through countless acts of goodness. To experience Brown-Forman is to experience daily goodness, and the repetition of this is what makes Brown- Forman a great company in my view.
Speaking of great people working in a great culture, Brown-Forman will be led by Lawson Whiting starting in 2019, and I can attest to you that he is an exemplary choice to be CEO. He has the experience, smarts, and values to lead the company to even greater heights. He shares my and the board’s belief that an enormous growth opportunity remains for Brown-Forman around the world,
 