 EXCEPTIONAL
 YEAR
    Dear Brown-Forman Shareholders,
The theme of this year’s annual report—Exceptional Spirit—is a phrase that communicates two important beliefs we have about our company.
First, it conveys our belief that Brown-Forman’s brands have been extraordinarily well made since George Garvin Brown founded the company in 1870 with an assurance of Old Forester’s quality. Throughout the company’s history, this commitment to quality has been a vital ingredient in Brown-Forman’s long- standing success, and it remains a critical differentiator today as bourbons and American whiskeys enjoy category momentum and consumer interest not seen since 1970.
Second, this year’s theme also describes the unique combi- nation of traits that make Brown-Forman the special place we believe it to be. What are some of these traits?
+ The Brown family’s controlling ownership, which inspires the length of our view, our commitment to independence, and the values evident in Brown-Forman’s culture.
+ A focused portfolio of brands led by the one and only Jack Daniel’s trademark.
+ Our geographic breadth, which simultaneously diversifies risk and provides an enormous global consumer marketplace for our pursuit of sustainable growth.
+ Our tremendous track record of financial performance, which compares favorably to the benchmarks within our industry and the broader equity markets.
+ And perhaps most important, the diverse group of people across the world who are committed to Brown-Forman’s endur- ing success, something we refer to as “Building Forever.”
We believe these qualities, along- side the quality of our products, are the foundation of Brown-Forman’s Exceptional Spirit.
EXCEPTIONAL RESULTS
We look at our results from a variety
of perspectives to ensure that we
are measuring ourselves compre-
hensively. We regularly analyze and
report our performance along multi-
ple dimensions: quantitatively and
qualitatively, short-term and long-term, reported and underly- ing, top-line and bottom-line, and on an absolute and relative basis. I am pleased to report that fiscal 2015 was another year of comprehensive and exceptional progress for Brown-Forman.
In fiscal 2015, the company’s growth in net sales of 6% (4% as reported) and operating income of 9% (6% as reported) again significantly outpaced our industry competitive set, which on average grew underlying operating income in the very low single digits by our estimation. A strong relative performance in any period is cause for celebration at Brown-Forman, but we are even more proud of the consistency of our absolute and rela- tive performance. Over the last four fiscal years, the company’s underlying operating income has grown almost 50%, which we estimate to be two-and-a-half times the rate of growth of our industry competitive set over the same period.
Similar to many other U.S.-based companies that export their products around the world, our reported results were softened by the U.S. dollar’s strong appreciation during the fiscal year. The
       Paul C. Varga
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer June 23, 2015
    
  adverse effects of foreign exchange neg- atively impacted our earnings-per-share growth by seven percentage points, and we anticipate that at the dollar’s current level, foreign exchange will again nega- tively impact the company’s reported earnings in fiscal 2016. We believe that these currency headwinds were a major contributing factor to our total shareholder return of 2% during fiscal 2015, trailing our benchmarks and European-based competitors. Because annual fluctuations can occur, we focus on longer time hori- zons when creating our strategies and measuring our results. As you can see in the accompanying charts, Brown-Forman’s three-year and ten-year performance met- rics are top tier.
EXCEPTIONAL FOCUS — OUR PORTFOLIO
At a time when consumers around the world are clamoring for authentic American whis- key, we feel fortunate to have one of the best whiskey portfolios in the world, anchored by the iconic Jack Daniel’s trademark. Brown- Forman’s patient approach and commitment to American whiskey becomes apparent when you consider that for the 40 years in the United States from 1970 to 2010, the category was declining as consumer tastes moved toward white spirits. Today, American whiskey accounts for roughly 60% of our total volumes. And while Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey is our largest brand, with a volume of 12 million cases in
fiscal 2015, our super-premium and above brands are becoming meaningful contrib- utors to our growth. Woodford Reserve’s family of brands, Gentleman Jack, and Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel collectively crossed one million cases this fiscal year and are growing net sales by 16% (15% as reported). These brands, as well as Old Forester, which grew net sales 35% (38% as reported), have the history, heritage, and authenticity that position them well to address the desires of the world’s growing legion of American whiskey advocates.
Innovation has been a meaningful con- tributor to our growth over the last few years, including Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, which grew net sales 28% globally (27% as reported)
 during its fourth
year in the market.
In fiscal 2015, we
tested our second
flavor extension of
the trademark, Jack
Daniel’s Tennessee
Fire. The brand is
crafted by blending
Jack’s original red-
hot cinnamon liqueur with Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. Early reception from the trade and consumers has been quite encouraging, performing above Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey at similar points in that brand’s introduction. We are excited to have launched the brand nationwide in the United States this past spring, and we will be testing it in a limited manner
Consumers around the world are clamoring for authentic American whiskey, and we feel fortunate to have the leading portfolio.
  10/11

   outside of the United States in fiscal 2016. Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey has been particularly adept at bringing in new consumers and capturing new drink- ing occasions, and we anticipate that Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire will do the same.
EXCEPTIONAL GEOGRAPHIC BREADTH
Our results in fiscal 2015 were exception- ally well balanced geographically, which we believe helps insulate us from the inev- itable slowdowns and setbacks that occur in individual markets over time.
The United States, our largest and most important market, delivered strong and accelerating growth in the year. In fact, our 8% net sales growth (10% as reported) allowed us to deliver the fourth straight year of market share gains in the United States. Growth was led by the Jack Daniel’s family of brands, with net sales up 9% (11% as reported), but also included over 30% growth from Woodford Reserve and Old Forester (33% and 38% as reported, respectively).
Developed markets outside of the United States were somewhat mixed this past year, but still grew net sales 4% (-1% as reported). Results were powered by the United Kingdom, France, and Canada, while Germany and Australia experienced slight declines. While our net sales growth was disappointing relative to what we have achieved in prior years, we believe it’s still ahead of that of our peer group.
Brown-Forman’s emerging market net sales grew 9% (0% as reported), results we feel are excellent in light of some eco- nomic softness in key countries such as Russia and Brazil. Jack Daniel’s grew at an impressive 19% (7% as reported) rate in emerging markets, and while market shares remain low, consumer interest in premium American whiskey is on the rise.
EXCEPTIONAL QUALITATIVE PROGRESS
Because our company’s highest pur- pose is to “enrich the experience of life,” we have very long-term ambitions and
evaluate Brown-Forman’s progress in a broad way. In addition to pursuing strong financial results each year, we also strive to demonstrate ways that we are positively impacting our stakeholders and society at large. During fiscal 2015, we advanced our long-term strategy that provides a foundation for future growth. As part of that, we plan to continue to demonstrate exceptional standards of corporate social responsibility. Along those lines, Brown- Forman was recognized in fiscal 2015 by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for our climate change leadership in set- ting a science-based, aggressive target on absolute greenhouse gas emissions. Also, for the fifth year in a row, Brown-Forman scored a perfect 100 on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index, which continues to raise the bar on LGBT employment justice issues. And in attending to our own employee culture, we once again reported very high levels of employee engagement around the world in 2015, maintaining an enviable status as a Global Best Employer.
BFB
S&P 500
Consumer Staples
Pernod Campari Competitive Set Diageo Remy
-10%
BFB
Diageo Competitive Set Pernod Campari Consumer Staples Remy S&P 500
3-YEAR TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
based on compound annual growth rate
10-YEAR TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
based on compound annual growth rate
                       0%
10%
20%
0% 10% 20%
*Source: FactSet, as of April 30, 2015, in local currency, assuming dividends reinvested.
Note – The Competitive Set is a weighted average based upon each competitor’s last 12 months’ sales.
*Source: FactSet, as of April 30, 2015, in local currency, assuming dividends reinvested.
Note – The Competitive Set is a weighted average based upon each competitor’s last 12 months’ sales.

  12%
9%
6%
3%
25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0%
COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE
as of April 30, 2015
RETURN ON AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL*
12/13
as of April 30, 2015
                                  0%
35 -Year
06
07 08
09 10
11 12
13 14 15
  25 -Year
Net Sales Operating Income Diluted EPS
15 -Year
10-Year
5 -Year
   EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY
Brown-Forman has been a superb model of consistency, deliv- ering strong top-line and bottom-line growth across multiple time frames, as seen from the accompanying chart. We enjoy the benefits of working in a very attractive global industry that has strong defensive and offensive characteristics. With Brown- Forman’s position within the industry, we have historically enjoyed high margins, high returns on average invested capital, and consistent growth—three characteristics that make for an excellent business.
Fortunately, we have one of the best brand portfolios in the business, and we believe we are still early in realizing our global growth potential. Interestingly, our growth has been so strong that we are experiencing what we refer to as a “high-class problem.” In recent years, we have needed to step up our capital investment to meet our brand growth expectations over the coming decades. Brown-Forman today is in the midst of a once-in-a-generation capital investment cycle across multiple areas, including distilling capacity, barrel-making operations, warehouses, and homeplace investments.
In addition to investing in our organic growth, and in the absence of available, attractive acquisitions, we are able to more aggressively return capital to shareholders through the combina- tion of ongoing dividend and share repurchase programs. Over the last decade, we have returned $4.3 billion to shareholders,
including $2.1 billion over the last three years. As part of this, we have grown our dividend at an 8% compound annual growth rate over the last 30 years.
EXCEPTIONAL SPIRIT
In closing, and with an exceptional spirit of appreciation, let me thank our employees around the world for their continued hard work and excellent results. Because of their exceptional spirit, we feel we are wonderfully positioned for continuous comprehen- sive progress for Brown-Forman. I also want to thank the Brown family and all of our stakeholders for their continued support of Brown-Forman. Your long-term commitment and constructive engagement allow us to create and execute the strategies nec- essary to deliver the exceptional results I’m so pleased to share with you today.
Sincerely,
Paul C. Varga
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 23, 2015
   *We define return on average invested capital as the sum of net income and after-tax interest expense, divided by average invested capital. Average invested capital equals assets less liabilities, excluding interest-bearing debt, and is calculated using the average of the most recent 13 month-end balances. After-tax interest expense equals interest expense multiplied by one, minus our effective tax rate.
