TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
     Owsley Brown II
Dear Stockholders:
Last year was marked by unusual business challenges and extraordinary events. Continuing industry consolidation, the rapid growth of flavored malt beverages, an overabundance of wine in the global market and, most significantly, the tragic events of September 11 combined to make fiscal 2002 a very difficult year. Brown-Forman adjusted well to the changing business conditions, however, and enjoyed some significant successes. We also took steps to improve our operations and to help ensure prosperity in the future.
FISCAL 2002
Earnings per share for the fiscal year were $3.33, down 2% from the previous year. On a constant exchange basis, and adjusting for a change in accounting related to the amortization of goodwill (FAS 142), as well as non-recurring costs of implementing a series of business improvement initiatives announced in July 2001, earnings per share were up 2% over the previous year.
SOLID FINANCIAL POSITION
In these challenging economic times, investors continue to be attracted to companies with strong cash flows, a reputation for integrity, and conservative accounting practices - attributes we believe contributed to the strong performance of Brown-Forman’s stock last year. Our business is highly cash generative, allowing us to make investments in our brands, facilities, and people. In fiscal year 2002, cash flow from operations was $250 million. After capital expenditures and dividends, Brown-Forman’s free cash flow was approximately $85 million. This solid financial position permits us to make opportunistic acquisitions and maintain the flexibility of a conservative balance sheet. At the end of the fiscal year, our net debt position was less than $100 million and our shareholders’ equity was $1.3 billion.
WINE & SPIRITS
For the year, Wine and Spirits revenue and operating income were both up 3%. On a constant exchange basis, revenues for the segment increased 4% and operating income was up a stronger 7%.
Here are some of the highlights of our beverage brands during the past year.
• For the tenth consecutive year, Jack Daniel’s continued to grow around the world, as worldwide depletions increased 2.5%. The brand grew 6% in markets outside the U.S., led by strong growth in the U.K., Spain, Italy, and Korea. In the U.S., Jack
Daniel's depletions were essentially flat, largely reflecting a slowdown in sales on-premise.
• Southern Comfort enjoyed a good year, achieving record worldwide gross profits. The repositioning of this brand as the “Spirit of New Orleans” appears to have been effective, as depletions were up 2% in the U.S. Internationally, results were mixed, as strength in most of
Western Europe was offset by weaker trends in Asia and duty free markets.
• Our super premium vodka, Finlandia, remains an exciting opportunity for the company. The brand continued to show growth last year, with comparable depletions up nicely. We believe that Finlandia is well situated to take advantage of its position as
one of the leading imported vodka brands in the world.
• Our wine volumes were up this year, particularly for Bolla, Fetzer, and Korbel, although a very competitive pricing environment has reduced margins in the wine business. Wine has grown to be a significant part of our total business. Ten years ago, our wines contributed gross profit of less than $50 million;
in fiscal year 2002, they had depletions of over seven million cases and produced gross prof it of over $150 million.
   1

 • We obtained the U.S. marketing and distribution rights for two brands last year - Appleton Estate Jamaica Rums and
Amarula, a South African cream liqueur.
• In addition to these accomplishments, I’m pleased to tell you about our newest product, Jack Daniel’s Original Hard Cola, which
we will sell in the U.S. with our partner,
Miller Brewing Company. Jack Daniel’s Original Hard Cola will be the first major cola flavored malt beverage
in the U.S., differentiating it from the clear, citrus
flavored products in the category. Because of the Jack Daniel’s name, the product’s great taste, and its unique cola positioning, we believe it will have more masculine appeal than other malt flavored beverages, while also attracting additional women to the Jack Daniel's franchise. Although the sales rollout won’t begin until early July, we are optimistic that Jack Daniel’s Original Hard Cola will be another successful line extension of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands.
CONSUMER DURABLES
While we believe the events of September 11 tempered the growth of our Wine and Spirits business in the U.S., they had a much more profound impact on our Consumer Durables segment. Sales were down 3% during fiscal year 2002 and gross profit declined 7%. In
particular, orders from department stores were significantly lower than the previous year and have yet to fully recover. The financial performance of Hartmann was weak, as a severe slowdown in traveling after September 11 had a very negative impact on sales of luggage products. However, Lenox’s direct-to-consumer sales grew at a double- digit rate, and this channel continues to be a major source of profit growth for Consumer Durables.
For the full year, operating income for the Consumer Durables segment was $17 million, down $30 million compared to the previous year. Results include $17 million of non-recurring costs, primarily to close three manufacturing facilities. After adjusting for these costs, as well as for the benefit of adopting FAS 142, the underlying business was down about $18 million, or 39%.
DISTRIBUTION STRATEGY
For many years, our beverage divisions have chosen their international distributors on a country-by-country basis. We have always felt that it made the most sense to select the best distributor for each market and let that distributor use its local expertise to sell our brands.
Employing that philosophy, we renewed our distribution contract with Suntory in Japan during fiscal 2002. In addition to joint ownership of our Australian distributor, we recently expanded our relationship with Allied-Domecq in much of Central and Eastern Europe. We have also made other constructive changes in countries such as South Africa, Russia, and Taiwan.
In the United States, we formed an entity with Bacardi that contemplates the joint appointment of brokers to represent both companies’ brands in control states. It also envisions the possibility in the future of joint appointment of distributors in open states. In the fast-changing distribution environment of the U.S., it is important to be able to act quickly as opportunities arise, and we feel that this arrangement will help us remain one of the most important wine and spirits suppliers in our home market.
We also recently announced that effective August 1, Brown-Forman's distribution contract with Diageo in the United Kingdom will end, and we will begin selling directly in that market via a cost-sharing arrangement
     2
We have taken a number of difficult steps to improve our Consumer Durables’ competitive and cost positions for next year. The business is now better positioned for growth, and we anticipate a strong earnings rebound for this segment during fiscal year 2003.

 with Bacardi. By sharing the cost of the Bacardi sales force and administrative systems, we will significantly lower distribution expense in our second largest market. Brown-Forman and Bacardi have complementary brand portfolios, and together the two companies' brands will represent a potent combination in this very important market.
IN APPRECIATION
E. Peter Rutledge, a 39-year veteran of Brown-Forman who had most recently served as executive vice president of our
beverage business, retired in fiscal 2002 after an illustrious career. Some of Pete’s most valuable contributions came during his tenure as chief executive officer of Brown-Forman’s international division, when he built our export business into a very significant contributor to company profits. More recently, he directed a number of strategic projects for the company, including the restoration of the Labrot & Graham Distillery. On behalf of all of us at Brown-Forman, I extend our deep appreciation to Pete for his many years
of outstanding leadership.
OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE
Assuming the tentative U.S. economic recovery does not falter, we anticipate earnings per share growth of 9% to 12%
in fiscal 2003. This includes an estimated $0.08 per share in additional restructuring costs to complete our business improvement initiatives and also anticipates strong reinvestment behind our brands. On a long- term basis, it is our goal to achieve high single-digit, or low double-digit, earnings per share growth.
In closing, let me state that Brown-Forman remains intensely focused on creating long- term, sustainable value for all shareholders. Although fiscal year 2002 was full of unexpected changes, we believe the strength of our brands and our people make Brown- Forman’s prospects for success very attractive.
The next pages in this annual report are organized to show you more about our brands - because we believe successful brands produce healthy profits for companies and their shareholders. We hope that you will help us in strengthening our brands by promoting them among your friends and colleagues.
I thank all of our employees, our shareholders, and our many business partners throughout the world for your support and for your help in building each of our brands.
Sincerely yours,
Owsley Brown II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 21, 2002
   3
