Brown-Forman 2004 Annual Report
Page 1
BROWN-FORMAN — IN GOOD COMPANY WITH
STRONG LEADERSHIP
am pleased to report that Brown-Forman Corporation had another outstanding year in fiscal 2004, with earnings per share increasing 16% to $2.11. During this past year, we reached record levels of sales, gross profit, operating income,
and earnings per share, while simultaneously reducing our debt and increasing overall levels of brand-building investments to help ensure our continued prosperity.
OWSLEY BROWN II
Chairman and Chief Executive O≈cer
Our global beverage business, led by Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey and Southern Comfort, continued to be the main source of the company’s profit growth. In addition, benefits from stronger foreign currencies and a modest rebound in the performance of our wine brands contributed to the overall earnings growth. Partially offsetting this solid profit growth was the cost of a legal settlement with Diageo over the distribution of Jack Daniel’s in the United Kingdom and a decline in earnings from our Consumer Durables division, which continues to struggle in a challenging environment.
     
The theme of this year’s Annual Report to Stockholders is “In Good Company.” I believe that the two most important characteristics that make Brown-Forman an outstanding company are our world-class brands and an experienced and talented leadership team. Combine these characteristics with a deep commitment to unsurpassed growth in brand equity, earn- ings, and total shareholder value, and Brown-Forman is truly an exceptional company. I hope that by reading this year’s report, you will develop a deeper understanding of how and why this company has been so successful and why we are confident that we will continue to grow in the future.
Fiscal 2004 was a year of management evolution for Brown- Forman. On October 1, 2003, William M. Street retired as president of Brown-Forman Corporation after over 40 years of exemplary service to the company.
From the time he started his career
as a sales representative in Florida,
to helping establish our first import
division, then ultimately dealing with
critical issues as president of our
company, Bill always conducted
himself with the utmost integrity. For
a generation, Bill has been at the heart of forging new corpo- rate strategies and helping the company adapt to the ever- changing competitive landscape by keeping our focus on building our brands and developing our people. And, importantly, Bill helped to create an environment where those around him thrived and developed into our new leaders.
One of Bill’s important legacies at Brown-Forman was his mentoring of Paul Varga, the new president and chief executive officer of Brown-Forman Beverages, our largest segment. Paul, who has been with Brown-Forman for over 17 years, brings a new and
exciting perspective
to his role as leader
of our Beverage busi-
ness and as the
newest member of
our Board of Directors.
Paul not only has a
keen strategic mind
and superb leadership
skills, but also has extensive brand wisdom and a determination to ensure that the company works on the most productive issues for the long-term benefit of our shareholders.
Jim Bareuther became the chief operating officer of our Beverage segment, overseeing all of our wine and spirits business. He has over 30 years of experience in the industry, most recently as president of our spirits business in the Americas region, which he helped lead for the past nine years. We are also fortunate to have seasoned executives running important operating groups, including: Don Berg, president of Spirits Americas; Andrew Smith, president of our European, African and Eurasian region; Stuart Beck, president of the Asia Pacific region; David Dearie, president of our Wine business; and Jim Chiles, president of Brown-Forman Distillery Company.
Brown-Forman 2004 Annual Report
Page 2
STRONG LEADERSHIP
     Paul Varga, president and chief executive o≈cer, Brown-Forman Beverages, and James Bareuther, executive vice president and chief operating o≈cer
   William M. Street, director and former president, Brown-Forman Corporation
 
Alongside our geographic presidents are some new faces in brand leadership, including Mark McCallum, chief marketing officer for our spirits brands. Mark joined Brown-Forman in July 2003 with more than 20 years of experience in marketing, advertising, and brand building in both domestic and interna- tional markets. He will be a great asset as we continue to develop and refine our strong brand-building culture across the globe. We have also strengthened our business leadership by creating global general manager roles for our brands and brand groups to ensure that each is focused on the best growth opportunities and the right strategic initiatives.
Our strong corporate leadership continues with a quartet of outstanding individuals with a combined 55 years of experience at Brown-Forman. Phoebe Wood continues her critical role as Brown-Forman’s chief financial officer and its lead contact with the investment community. In recognizing her extensive leadership
skills and valued counsel, she was also appointed vice chairman of Lenox. Michael Crutcher has served as the company’s general counsel and secre- tary of the Board since 1989. Last
year, he was named vice chairman of Brown-Forman Corporation and was given additional responsibilities in industry
relations, civic activities, and overseeing the expanded regulatory demands created by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the New York Stock Exchange. Jim Welch was also named vice chairman of the company. Along with his continuing duties as head of human resources, he has accepted responsibility for the company’s strategic planning activities and is an active leader on the Board of Lenox. Senior Vice President Lois Mateus, a 22-year veteran with Brown-Forman, continues to lead the company’s corporate communications and services functions. She has also been increasingly focused on overseeing the development and appeal of our brand home- places while also managing Brown-Forman’s community and
civic involvement efforts.
The executive management team is made up of some of the
best strategic, marketing, finance, and operational minds in the business. Although each member of our team has individual objectives for his or her specific operating area, I can assure you that the group as a whole is intensely focused on one over- arching goal – the generation of sustained and superior share- holder returns.
I would also like to acknowledge the contributions of Mike Cheek, who recently moved into a part-time role for Brown-
Brown-Forman 2004 Annual Report
Page 3
     Jim Welch, vice chairman, and Lois Mateus, senior vice president
   Phoebe Wood, executive vice president and chief financial o≈cer, and Michael Crutcher, vice chairman, general counsel and secretary
 
Brown-Forman 2004 Annual Report
Page 4
STRONG LEADERSHIP
  Forman, as well as thank him for the leadership that he provided over the past 11 years. His energy and enthusiasm helped lead our spirits business to the fine position that it is in today and we will always be grateful for his contributions to the company.
C O N S U M E R D U R A B L E S The environment for the tabletop, collectibles, and luggage categories did not improve over the past year, and the financial results were disappointing. To help us respond to this situation, in
January 2004, we appointed Jay
Hanauer as the chief executive
officer of Lenox, Incorporated. Jay
served as president of Brown-
Forman Distillery Company for the
past eight years, where he formed
and led an excellent team that
consistently created and implemented innovative ways to both improve our product quality and control manufacturing costs. We believe that Jay’s demonstrated leadership skills and cre- ative approaches to businesses in transition will greatly benefit the Lenox organization. Before assuming his role as CEO, Jay led a comprehensive review of Lenox and identified a number of major opportunities to help return the business to good
health. Based on this review, Jay and his team developed a series of specific action plans and are already implementing many of them. Although this industry certainly faces many challenges, we are optimistic that new leadership and programs will return this business to the levels of profitability enjoyed in the past.
DIVIDEND INCREASE & STOCK SPLIT Given the solid outlook for increasing profits and cash flow, combined with last year’s legislation regarding more favorable tax treatment of dividends, your Board of Directors increased the annual dividend 13.3% to 85 cents per share for calendar 2004. In addition, we completed a 2-for-1 stock split in January 2004. You may find it interesting that Brown-Forman has split its stock on four different occasions since 1980 – every share that you held in 1980 is the equivalent of 18 shares today.
The remainder of this year’s annual report will focus on our brands and the people responsible for their growth around the world. I encourage you to read through the timeline included in the financial section of this annual report. I believe you will find it to be an interesting retrospective look at how Brown-Forman has evolved and prospered during the past 134 years.
Thank you for your continued support of Brown-Forman.
   JamesD.Hanauer,chief executive o≈cer, Lenox, Incorporated
 SINCERELY YOURS,
OWSLEY BROWN II
Chairman and Chief Executive O≈cer
June22,2004
 