 ABOUT GENERAL CABLE
General Cable, a leading wire and cable manufacturer, serves customers around the world through its network of sales offices, distribution centers and manufacturing facilities. The company is a producer
of high-quality aluminum, copper and fiber optic wire and cable and system solutions for the energy, construction, industrial, specialty and communications markets. General Cable maintains leading market positions principally due to its breadth of products, customer service, strong brand recognition, advanced technology and Lean manufacturing tools.
SELECTED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(In millions except per share data)
2 015 Net Sales $ 4,225.1 Operating Income $ 20.6 Operating Margin 0.5% Adjusted Operating Income $ 179.0 II Adjusted Operating Margin 4.2% Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ (124.2)
Earnings (loss) per Common Share from continuing operations–Basic $ (2.32) Earnings (loss) per Common Share from continuing operations–
$ $
$
$
$
$ $
2014 Change
5,389.0 -22% (246.5)
-4.6%
154.8 16%
2.9% (572.8)
(11.74)
(11.74) 0.57 48.8
          Assuming Dilution
Adjusted Earnings per Common Share–Assuming Dilution Weighted Average Common Shares–Assuming Dilution
$ (2.32) $ 1.01 48.9
   1,090 1,045
934
METAL POUNDS SOLD BY YEAR
(in millions lbs)
$179 $152 $155
ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME
(in millions $)
$199 $133
$38
         13*
14*
15*
13
14
15
13
14
15
   * Reflects metal pounds sold for core operations in North America, Europe and Latin America (Ex-Venezuela)
OPERATING CASH FLOWS (in millions $)
GENERAL CABLE 2016
THERE’S A TRANSFORMATION UNDERWAY AT GENERAL CABLE. IT’S A FUNDAMENTAL SHIFT IN ATTITUDE, EXPECTATIONS AND APPROACH. IT’S A MULTI-YEAR PROCESS OF RAPID, PROFOUND, FAR-REACHING CHANGE TO BECOME THE COMPANY AND WORKPLACE WE KNOW WE CAN BE. IT STARTS RIGHT NOW.
1
 general cable annual report
general cable annual report

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
WE ASPIRE TO BECOME A TOP-PERFORMING COMPANY IN OUR INDUSTRY AND A FULFILLING PLACE TO WORK. TO ACHIEVE THIS, WE ARE NOW BEGINNING THE TRANSFORMATION OF GENERAL CABLE INTO A FOCUSED, INNOVATIVE, GROWING ENTERPRISE WITH AN INDUSTRY- LEADING COST STRUCTURE AND A HIGH-PERFORMANCE CULTURE. THIS TRANSFORMATION BUILDS ON THE STRONG EXECUTION OF SIMPLIFICATION AND RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES THAT BEGAN IN 2014. THERE IS MUCH TO DO, BUT
2 WE HAVE THE STRENGTH, CAPABILITIES AND COMMITMENT TO GET IT DONE.
2015: THE TRANSFORMATION BEGINS
Throughout General Cable’s long and storied history, there have been periods when the company reset its strategy and direction in response to opportunities for value creation. Our 2015 marked the strong beginning of just such a period.
We defined a clear strategic roadmap to become the company we know we can be: an efficient, innovation-focused, customer- centered, growing industry leader. We moved efficiently and with real purpose from analysis and planning to execution, successfully completing the roadmap and launching its implementation.
We will look back on 2015 as the year we began the creation of a new General Cable. We believe our strategy is the right one and we're already executing against it well, with early progress in key areas.
OUR FOUR-POINT STRATEGIC ROADMAP
Our strategic roadmap capitalizes on General Cable’s areas of greatest strength—market leadership in our core strategic operations in key market segments of North America, Latin America and Europe; our longstanding channels to market; the breadth and innovation potential of our product lines; our substantial operating scale; and most important, a team that wants to win.
Our new roadmap has four principal elements: portfolio optimization, focused growth and alignment, an industry-leading cost structure and a spirited performance culture. In the first element, we will continue to optimize our portfolio around key criteria that include market position, growth and innovation potential, scale, and the ability to meet key financial targets. In the second, we will strengthen our growth and innovation capabilities and customer focus in order to achieve profitable, sustainable growth in our core markets.
In the third element of our strategic roadmap, we will drive industry-leading cost efficiency through strategic investments in our manufacturing facilities and our supply chain. The objective: to reduce our costs, improve our scale and efficiencies, and become a more nimble, streamlined company.
In the fourth and most essential element, we will cultivate a high-performance culture. This new culture will, first and above all, uphold the highest ethical standards. It will foster an
ROADMAP TO
THE NEW GENERAL CABLE: FOUR POINTS OF FOCUS
FOCUS GROWTH AND 3 INVESTMENT IN STRONG
MARKET POSITIONS
Optimize our portfolio by focusing on innovation and investing in areas of strength in order to accelerate growth.
   general cable annual report
general cable annual report

 4
environment where our people are motivated and engaged, have a powerful sense of ownership and accountability for our goals, and have real confidence in their ability—individually and in teams—to truly make a difference in unlocking the value of General Cable.
By implementing our roadmap over the next three to four years, we expect to achieve sustainable growth with leading margins and returns in the markets we serve.
PROGRESS: THE FIRST STEPS IN OUR JOURNEY
We made significant progress in 2015, and I am very pleased to say that we are a stronger company today than one year ago. We achieved this progress in the face of significant challenges in our external environment that include metal cost volatility, lower demand in certain areas of our markets and unfavorable currency impacts. How did we achieve this progress? By executing with discipline and urgency.
We generated restructuring savings of $36 million for 2015, and we’re on track to achieve our annual savings target of $80 to $100 million in 2016. We generated $96 million of cash for the full year in North America, Latin America and Europe. We reduced net debt in 2015 by $220 million from where we were at the end of 2014, and brought net leverage down to 3.8x from 4.7x during this same timeframe. Our divestiture program realized $176 million
ALIGN ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE AND CAPABILITIES
Structure our organization with an external focus on markets and customers rather than regions and product lines.
in proceeds with more to come; most recently, we signed a definitive agreement to sell our operations in Zambia.
During 2015, we substantially completed our strategic roadmap and began to execute against it in the fourth quarter. In North America, we announced another manufacturing plant closure and the relocation of assets across multiple plants to increase scale and efficiencies. In Latin America, we announced further plant consolidation in Central America, building on the previously announced consolidation actions in Brazil and Colombia. In Europe, we announced workforce and other cost reductions in Germany, and workforce reductions and further rationalization of low-value products in France.
PRIORITIES FOR 2016
We expect 2016 to be a year of intense focus, accelerated execution and increasing momentum toward our longer-term goals.
We laid substantial groundwork in the second half of 2015. We carefully evaluated our businesses against strategic and financial criteria. These criteria included market position, scale and cost position; alignment with attractive market drivers; opportunities for innovation and value creation; and the ability to meet certain metrics such as growth, sustainable margins and return on invested capital. We also completed an analysis of product profitability and identified opportunities to further reduce complexity by rationalizing low-volume and low-margin products.
5
      DRIVE LEADING COST EFFICIENCY
Drive leading cost efficiency through strategic investments in manufacturing, supply chain, procurement and Lean Six Sigma.
general cable annual report
general cable annual report

In 2016, we will leverage the results of evaluations and analyses from 2015 to accelerate execution of the strategic roadmap. Portfolio optimization actions include the improvement or divestiture of certain businesses that currently are not meeting our criteria, and the rationalization of low-volume and low-margin products that today add complexity and cost to our operations while contributing little value.
In the area of focused growth, we will be working to build our 6 strategic growth process based on service and product
innovation. Cost and efficiency actions currently in progress include continuing to streamline our manufacturing footprint and delivering more savings from our operating efficiency initiatives. We are also initiating a multi-faceted supply chain optimization project to reduce raw material and logistics costs.
Finally, we will be hard at work implementing our culture initiatives to increase the motivation, engagement and alignment of our people. These initiatives are designed to embed the right values and behaviors in each and every one of our people— spirited and dedicated to top performance, committed to the highest standards of ethics and compliance, and with a shared dedication to achieving our company objectives together.
AN INDUSTRY WITH STRONG LONG-TERM POTENTIAL
The majority of our end markets have solid and attractive long- term fundamentals. The growth drivers include increasing power demand; the need for grid reliability improvement, growth and investment in renewable energy sources; non-residential construction growth; and an increasing demand for communications bandwidth and connectivity. We are well positioned to capitalize with increasing effectiveness on these drivers as we progress in our transformation.
OUR KEY TO SUCCESS: INNOVATION
General Cable has a long and well-documented history of being an innovator in the industry. It is vitally important to simplify our portfolio, reduce operational complexity, and successfully pursue improved returns in North America, Latin America and Europe. But it is innovation that will be the real differentiator.
In our view, innovation will be the critical driver of future success for General Cable. We intend to strengthen our focus on product innovation in the wire and cable industry by leveraging advances in surface and materials sciences and applications, including those from other industries. We plan to develop further innovation in our services by increasing our collaboration with key customers. And we’ll continue to enhance our operational innovation through advances in machine productivity, material flows and supply chain opportunities.
7
   CULTIVATE A HIGH- PERFORMANCE CULTURE
Create a high- performance culture with a consistent set of values and behaviors across our global organization.
general cable annual report
general cable annual report

 8
THE TRANSFORMATION STARTS NOW
We plan to do more than improve our performance. We intend to win.
Winning strategies are built on strengths, and General Cable has many strengths to build upon. We have leading positions
in key markets, a broad product portfolio with strong innovation potential, substantial scale and most important, we have some of the most talented, dedicated and hardworking people in
the world.
We want to thank our 11,000 team members, our customers and supplier partners, our shareholders and our Board of Directors for their support and confidence as we begin our transformation. Transformation is hard work—we have much work to do and many areas where we must improve substantially—but the strategic roadmap clearly defines our path forward.
We’ve faced many challenges over the past few years. We’re
a battle-hardened group, and we are ready to do what it takes. Our passion, talent and willingness to work hard will power
us forward.
We’re excited to be on this journey, and we’re looking forward to reporting on our progress in the months and years ahead.
  MICHAEL T. MCDONNELL
President and Chief Executive Officer
JOHN E. WELSH, III Non-Executive Chairman
   POWERING OUR JOURNEY FORWARD.
9
 general cable annual report
general cable annual report
