DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2014 marked a fundamental and important shift in the strategy of General Cable. We took decisive action to simplify, strengthen and reposition the company for the future. We are focused on lowering the cost base in our core operations via our restructuring program and simplifying our global operations by divesting our manufacturing operations in Asia Pacific and Africa. We had a strong finish to the year, exceeding our fourth quarter cash flow targets and entering 2015 with strong liquidity. We are confident in the future of General Cable and believe these initiatives launched in 2014 will be the foundation for improved capital returns and sustainable success.
PERSISTENT MARKET CHALLENGES REQUIRED BOLD ACTION
The wire and cable industry has been navigating an uneven and lengthy global economic recovery for several years, far different than a “normal” business cycle. These challenges have been compounded by continued copper, aluminum and currency volatility and, more recently, lower crude oil prices.
Our performance has lagged our expectations during this period, and our Board and Operating Committee, working closely with our financial advisor, conducted an extensive review of our strategic
general cable annual report 1

options to determine the best path forward. We concluded that the best way to maximize value in the current global environment is to take bold action to simplify our portfolio, reduce operational complexity and lower our cost base as we focus on delivering improved return on invested capital.
RESTRUCTURING GENERAL CABLE FOR IMPROVED PERFORMANCE AND RETURNS
This year we announced and implemented a restructuring program focused principally on our core operations, including North America, Latin America and Europe. The program is focused on closing or selling underperforming assets and consolidating or realigning other facilities.
We also announced a divestiture plan to simplify our global portfolio by exiting our manufacturing operations in Asia Pacific and Africa in order to further sharpen our focus on core operations. Our objective is to optimize our core assets and drive productivity while retaining a meaningful presence in key developing economies.
We now have the following reportable segments: North America, Latin America, Europe (all representing our core operations) and
2 general cable annual report

Asia Pacific & Africa (the assets we intend to divest). This structure aligns with our portfolio simplification strategy and further enhances the visibility to our core operations.
RAPID, SUBSTANTIAL PROGRESS IN 2014
We acted decisively in 2014 to execute our restructuring and simplification strategy, taking substantial steps forward in our vision to return General Cable to performance levels our Board, Operating Committee, employees and shareholders expect. Key highlights from the year include:
- We announced substantially all planned initiatives under our restructuring program as we target $75 million of annual savings. These actions are expected to principally benefit our core operation comprised of North America, Latin America and Europe.
- We completed the sale of the Company’s interest in the Philippines for cash proceeds of $67 million, which we applied toward the reduction of debt. This was a significant initial step in simplifying the company’s portfolio and reducing operational complexity.
- We finished 2014 by exceeding our cash flow targets for the fourth quarter through efficient working capital management, particularly inventory.
general cable annual report 3

- We entered 2015 with substantial liquidity to fund the business with $425 million of availability under our North American and European credit facility and $120 million of liquidity throughout Latin America as of December 31, 2014.
- We continued to execute in our submarine turnkey project business as we achieved significant project milestones in 2014.
- We received IndustryWeek's 2014 Best Plants in North America Award – this time at our facility in Marion, Indiana. Since 2001, 14 of our 20 North American plants have been selected as finalists in the Best Plants competition, and 11 of those finalists have gone on to achieve the elite title of one of the Best Plants in North America.
- We appointed Ned Hall to serve as an independent director of the company until he stands for election at the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Mr. Hall brings a 25-year track record of operations management and achievement in power generation, transmission and distribution companies to the Board.
- We announced our plan to add another operations-experienced independent director to augment our current Board and support management.
- We commenced a wide-ranging search to identify the next CEO of General Cable.
4 general cable annual report

A STRONGER, MORE FOCUSED GENERAL CABLE, MOVING FORWARD WITH CONFIDENCE
As the result of our strategic initiatives and key acquisitions in 2012, North America will represent the majority of our business as we move forward. We are well positioned in North America, where we maintain a market leading position, economies of scale, long-standing customer relationships and technical expertise. We are maintaining a meaningful presence in the developing economies of Latin America, where we are a market leader in many of our end markets. In Europe, we believe we are making the right structural changes to drive higher performance and better returns. Europe is the center of know-how in high-voltage cables, submarine cable systems and micro sheath fiber optic cables. Overall, we are an industry leader in our served markets and will continue to be an important strategic partner for our customers,
who reward service, breadth of product, innovation and quality.
We are confident in our strategy, competitiveness and ability to create shareholder value. Our culture of continuous improvement centers on the contributions of our highly engaged employees, who are sharing ideas and best practices across our portfolio of businesses.
general cable annual report 5

As One Company, we are applying Lean manufacturing tools and process refinements to reduce scrap, energy consumption and raw material usage in pursuit of manufacturing excellence. We are continuously focusing on improving our cost position through enhanced efficiency, throughput and quality. These strengths will take us forward as will our Wired as One culture – focusing on doing the right thing, always.
Sincerely,
GREGORY B. KENNY JOHN E. WELSH, III
President and Chief Executive Officer Nonexecutive Chairman
  6 general cable annual report
