LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
To Our Shareholders
Over the past 10 years we have transformed General Cable from a U.S.-centric business focused on communi- cations and construction cable to a global enterprise with a product range and geographic diversity second to none. We now have 45 manufacturing facilities in 22 countries and sell our wire and cable products throughout the world. Two-thirds of our business comes from outside the United States, and we participate in nearly every major wire and cable market.
In 2007 we demonstrated our ability to perform as we transform, delivering record revenues and earnings for our shareholders while completing four strategic acquisitions and expanding internal investment in higher- growth products to improve our ability to serve faster-growing economies and markets.
Generating Record Results
Net sales in 2007 were up $874 million to more than $4.6 billion. We achieved this increase largely through strategic acquisitions and our participation in several key markets, such as:
• Global exploration and extraction of energy resources
• Generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, including alternative energy sources
• Global infrastructure and construction growth
Electric utility cable sales were up 22%, and electrical industrial infrastructure cable sales grew 36%.
Overall, communications product sales were up nearly 11%, despite a continuing decline in North American outside plant telecommunications cable demand.
Operating earnings increased $130 million, or 55%, to $366 million during the year. Adjusted EBITDA was up $150 million, or 52%, to $436 million. On the strength of those results, our share price rose 68% to close the year at $73.28.
4

 gregory b. kenny president and
chief executive officer
5
john e. welsh iii nonexecutive chairman

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Generating Strategic Momentum
In 2007 we took a giant leap forward in our vision to become a leading global player in the wire and cable industry with the acquisition of Phelps Dodge International Corporation (PDIC). PDIC itself is a global company, with 19 manufacturing locations including three minority positions, selling electric utility and electrical infrastructure products into 45 countries. When we completed this transaction, we estimated that this business would add approximately $1.4 billion in revenues at current metal prices and be 40 to 50 cents per share accretive to earnings in its first full year as part of General Cable.
We have been actively looking to expand into many developing economies of the world for a long time, and this acquisition greatly accelerates our progress. With the addition of PDIC and its outstanding platform of assets and management, General Cable is pushing deeper into developing economies as well as introducing our combined Company to areas of the world where we have not historically participated in a meaningful way. An early return on this investment came in the form of recently awarded contracts that will more than double our presence in the Middle East over the next year.
The integration of PDIC into General Cable has been seamless, aided considerably by PDIC’s history as a stand-alone division of a major U.S. company. As a result, our management team has been able to focus on higher-value synergistic activities rather than on integration efforts alone.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to expand into new markets using PDIC as a launching pad to some of the highest-growth regions of the world. And going forward, the addition of PDIC will help reduce our reliance on U.S. markets to less than 35% of revenues.
The PDIC transaction came on the heels of our acquisition of Norddeutsche Seekabelwerke GmbH, well known as NSW, located in Nordenham, Germany. We saw these assets and the outstanding global technical reputation of NSW as the ideal platform to enter two new markets for us: global submarine power cable and submarine fiber optic communications systems.
6

49% North America 39%
Actual 2007 Revenues
Proforma 2007 Revenues
(General Cable & PDIC combined)
9% Latin America, Sub-Saharan 28% Africa, Mideast / Asia-Pacific
During the year, we began an investment plan to design and manufacture submarine cables for transmis- sion and distribution of electricity, with particular focus on the emerging wind farm markets and the ever- deeper-water requirements of offshore exploration and production platforms. With energy cable expertise from our Silec operations in France, combined with submarine cable manufacturing and installation expertise from NSW, we have already developed a line of products that is quickly gaining recognition in the marketplace. In fact, we recently announced a more than $30 million contract to supply cables to the first wind farm to be located in the North Sea, with installation occurring over the next 18 months.
We are also expanding the capabilities of NSW’s core submarine fiber optic communications business to include long-haul repeatered lengths. In partnership with a premier repeater technology company we have developed cables to meet the rigorous demands of the submarine environment. Together, we are working on a significant long-haul submarine fiber optic communications link which is currently in sea trials. We believe the global submarine power cable and submarine fiber optic communications systems markets will be important growth drivers for several years.
In addition to the PDIC and NSW acquisitions, we also expanded our market presence in India and China in 2007. In India, we acquired a power cable company to serve one of the world’s fastest-growing markets for energy and electrical infrastructure cables. In China, we purchased an automotive and industrial cable products business to provide a trusted, reliable source of specialty cable to some of the world’s largest original equipment manufacturers.
We also introduced new products for the global oil, gas and wind farm markets, and effectively trans- ferred proprietary high-voltage overhead utility cable technology developed in North America to our European operations for application in their local markets. We continued to stretch the boundaries of networking cable performance. To meet the high-speed bandwidth needs of global communications networks, we developed innovative, patented designs for enhanced Category and 10 Gigabit data communications
7
42% Europe and 33% Northern Africa
 
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
cable. In addition we created a joint venture for the development and commercialization of superconducting cables for specialty applications in power transformers and generators. We also made investments to main- tain our edge in compounding and material science technologies. Behind each of these achievements is our global research and development capability, which we count on to remain at the forefront of our industry with new products, innovative designs, advanced materials and a continuous effort to reduce cost and waste in the manufacturing process.
Financially, in a year of credit market turmoil, we successfully completed three significant credit transac- tions. First, we issued $325 million of high-yield bonds that allowed us to call our $285 million of high-yield bonds at a net interest savings of about 200 basis points. The new bonds included a variable tranche, allowing us the flexibility to pay down a portion of our debt as the business generates cash. Second, we issued $475 million of convertible notes at a 1% coupon to partially fund the PDIC transaction. And finally, we were able to raise the limit of our Asset Backed Loan (ABL) by $100 million. These transactions were initiated in support of our global expansion and internal investment goals and were made possible in a difficult credit market by the strength of our business.
Generating Organizational Agility
With the completion of the PDIC acquisition, we announced the creation of a five-member global Operating Committee. By combining local leadership and global responsibilities, this structure allows us to better leverage one of our longstanding competitive advantages: the agility of a small company combined with the power and strength of a large company. We achieve this flexibility through global communication, shared resources, quicker decisions with better information, faster responses to changing market conditions, and immediate dissemination of best practices and solutions. Each executive on the Operating Committee is charged with the collective benefit of the Company rather than only his own silo of responsibility. It’s working. Already we are
8

benefiting in areas such as product development, technology transfer, commercial opportunities, purchasing, capital investment and new market opportunities.
Generating Long-Term Opportunity
Over the past couple of years, we have been investing to position our Company to benefit from many global developments that we are confident will provide opportunity for us over the next decade. Two major themes stand out.
First, alternative energy is beginning to take center stage in the global arena, and “green jobs” are now part of the U.S. political dialogue. Countries are identifying new sources of power generation in a world that has experienced tremendous increases in oil prices, at a time when new deposits of fossil fuels are becoming more difficult to find. There is mounting political pressure in countries around the world to improve energy security and to use cleaner fuels to lower carbon emissions. Many countries are initiating targets for the amount of electricity generated by renewable technologies. Given that terrestrial and offshore wind power is the most developed technology and is becoming increasingly competitive on an economic basis, it should account for a disproportionate amount of the growth in this market. Alternative energy mandates are occurring all over the world, including Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and North and South America. We see tremendous opportunity to participate in a meaningful way, given our global footprint and experience.
Second, developing countries are keenly aware that the electrical grid and power generation are key enablers of economic growth and social development. This is particularly evident in nations with abun- dant natural resources that are now reinvesting in their infrastructures to attract new business, grow their economies and take more active roles in the global economy. Recently in South Africa we saw a major utility company resort to rolling blackouts because it could not keep up with strong economic development coupled with the energy needs of a growing middle class. According to a leading energy analyst, Africa’s electricity
9

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
supply industry is expected to require a total investment of $563 billion over the next 20 years to meet growing demand. We see this type of trend occurring in South America, China, India and the Middle East, and we have positioned our Company to benefit from these trends.
Generating Success
We redefine our future every day through the decisions we make and the actions we take, especially in the areas of energy infrastructure, developing economies and investing for profitable growth internally and through acquisition. We approach the future with confidence that our position in the $150 billion wire and cable industry is stronger than ever and that our human and productive assets provide an outstanding platform for diversified growth.
At the core of our ability to act on long-term opportunities, there are nearly 12,000 associates who drive our success through hard work, persistence, vision, dedication, attention to detail and taking care of our customers. Our job is to give them the opportunity to excel and the tools to do the job. Toward that end, we made great strides in 2007, and we look forward to reporting on our associates’ many successes in 2008.
  gregory b. kenny
president and chief executive officer
john e. welsh iii nonexecutive chairman
10
