TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
After more than two years of unprecedented volume and price declines, we saw the beginning of a market reversal in late 2003. Inefficient capacity continues to leave the industry, consolidation among competitors is increasing and demand appears to have bottomed out in virtually all our markets.
In previous annual reports, we stated that an economic slowdown in North America and Europe was not the sole cause of General Cable’s business performance issues. Rather, three microeconomic factors drove wire and cable demand to depart significantly from a historic long-term correlation to GNP growth:
• Lingering effects of deregulation and decreasing ability of telephone companies to earn a return on their infrastructure investment.
• Cash constraints at electric utilities—many of which invested heavily outside their core franchises in distribution and transmission—coupled with a legislative environment that does not encourage investment in the power grid.
• Extraordinary decline in industrial and information technology spending by corporations in North America and Europe in the face of excess capacity, global uncertainty, poor earnings and redeployment of assets to Asia.

OUTPERFORMED A DOWN MARKET.
We held unit volume approximately equal with the prior year. A focus on niche markets, key customers, integration of logistics with those customers and a steady stream of new products helped us grow overall marketshare.
IMPROVED ADJUSTED EBITDA 11%.
Despite declining prices, our operating performance grew stronger, largely as a result of our aggressive Lean and Six Sigma initiatives—our war on waste—in the factory, in the supply chain and in selling and administration.
DROVE CASH OUT OF THE BUSINESS.
We increased our inventory turns by one full turn, a 25% improvement, as we accelerated our customer integration programs and reduced order-to- delivery cycle times.
INVESTED IN THE FUTURE THROUGH ASSOCIATE TRAINING.
At the end of 2003, we had certified 40 Blackbelts and 120 Greenbelts. The annualized savings these associates delivered to the bottom line exceeded $4.6 million. Our plan is to increase our elite LeanSigma force of associates by 60 Blackbelts and 125 Greenbelts in 2004.
CREATED AN EVEN SAFER WORKPLACE.
We closed the year with an OSHA Recordable Incident Rate of 2.7. This
key metric for safety performance is 60% better than the average for both the wire and cable industry and U.S. manufacturing as a whole. Our out- standing performance not only ensures a safe work environment for our associates, it also enhances our manufacturing productivity and reduces our manufacturing costs as we benefit from increased throughput and lower workers’ compensation claims and medical costs.
JOINED THE MANUFACTURING ELITE.
IndustryWeek named our Altoona, Pennsylvania automotive products facility one of the Top 10 Best Manufacturing Plants in North America. Other winners included some of the most admired manufacturing companies in the country.

Where We Are Headed
LOOKING INSIDE.
We will continue to mind the store internally. Our war on waste will accelerate with the goal to further reduce our non-metal costs, more than offsetting wage, benefit and other inflationary pressures. With cost leadership, we are in control of our destiny.
We will carefully select business partners with the goal of full integration and expanding joint share of the market.
We will maintain our commitment to training, providing the tools for our associates to make good decisions independently. We will continue to identify our associates’ talents and build on what they do best.
We will continue to educate our workforce on health-related issues. In a global economy, rapidly rising U.S. healthcare costs represent a competitive disadvantage. Greater associate cost sharing and education on effective use of the healthcare system are critical to our future.
LOOKING OUTSIDE.
With recovery underway, we believe General Cable will benefit from increased volume because our business model, both in our plants and backroom operations, is highly scaleable. We also believe that after years of real price decline, margins will begin to improve as utilization rises in
the industry, in part due to the retirement of inefficient or excess capacity. Under this scenario, the Company will ultimately be able to bank the benefits of our Lean projects and post more attractive returns for our investors.
Significant strategic opportunities exist for General Cable within the $60 billion worldwide wire and cable industry. These opportunities stem from failed business models and capital structures, as well as competitors’ seeking to focus on their primary strengths and recover capital from non-core operations.

Today, wire and cable spending is starting to rebound, particularly in North America, which generates approximately 70% of our total revenues. Although we are delighted with the nascent recovery in our end-markets and growing position at key customers, we now face another challenge: rapidly rising prices for copper and aluminum, the primary raw materials in cable.
Over the past year, the price of copper has nearly doubled, while that of aluminum has increased 25%. Worldwide, we purchase about 600 million pounds of these metals annually. Although we have announced numerous price increases, the lag in recovering the costs of these and other rapidly escalating raw materials has more than offset the positive impact of improving volumes and lower manufacturing costs achieved through our internal war on waste.
As has happened before, the market will eventually find supply/demand equilibrium, and metals pricing will stabilize. This stability will allow us to more fully recover higher metal prices and thereby realize the improvements in our cost and market position in our bottom line.
Major Accomplishments in 2003
We are proud of our efforts during the year to aggressively identify and pursue opportunities to build General Cable into a better company for our customers, our associates and our shareholders. Highlights of these accomplishments include:
REFINANCED THE COMPANY.
We de-leveraged General Cable’s balance sheet, extended debt maturities, added significant liquidity and increased financial flexibility. As a result of our November refinancing, our leverage—our total debt divided by our past 12 months’ adjusted EBITDA—dropped from 6.0 times at September 30, 2003 to 3.9 times at December 31, 2003. We now also have ample liquidity, with undrawn borrowing capacity of $147.6 million at year-end 2003 and no significant scheduled debt maturities until 2008.

We believe that over the long-term, the global market for energy cables
will grow at a rate greater than GNP as the power grid is upgraded after years of underinvestment. We will invest in new energy products, services and geographic markets either through internal development or acquisition. Any acquisitions will be accretive to earnings from the outset.
We will seek joint venture and alliance opportunities that leverage comple- mentary engineering, selling and manufacturing skills and market access. Increasingly, our competitors, as well as companies whose goods and services relate to wire and cable, are defining areas of core competency and outsourcing non-critical functions.
We will explore opportunities in the less-developed world. General Cable brings to the table a global reputation as a manufacturer of quality products, access to customers with worldwide scope and industry-leading technology and manufacturing process expertise.
We will pursue consolidation opportunities in all our businesses in all geog- raphies. We will act when the financial return is extremely attractive and brings strong industrially based synergies.
STAYING POWER.
We have weathered an estimated 40% decline in our North American markets and a 15% to 20% decline in Europe. The inevitable result of marketshare battles and competitor business failures is fresh opportunity for the well organized and focused. We believe the confluence of rising demand, reduced manufacturing capacity and a strong business model will lead to improved returns for our shareholders as the hard work of our associates under very demanding conditions reaps dividends.
GREGORY B. KENNY JOHN E. WELSH, III
President and Chief Executive Officer Nonexecutive Chairman
  