General Cable 4 Annual Report
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Wire and cable has always been a tough business. Some years ago, despite our industry’s uncompromising demands, we reaffirmed General Cable’s singular focus on what we know best: wire and cable.
  gregory b. kenny
president and chief executive officer
john e. welsh, iii nonexecutive chairman

General Cable 5 Annual Report
Our industry is characterized by complex manufacturing, extensive distribution and
global competitive factors, giving the best in the business the opportunity to strive for optimal performance each day. We transform basic raw materials such as copper, aluminum, petrochemicals and steel into highly engineered wire and cable products that are used in nearly every facet of the global economy. Raw materials account for approximately 75% of the conversion cost of our products and a single processing mistake can create a great deal
of scrap. Finished cable reels can weigh upwards of 20,000 pounds and must be delivered on-time, often to difficult-to-reach job sites where highly qualified installers are tackling complex projects that require just-in-time logistics. For almost half of our business,
market prices are set on a daily, weekly, or perhaps, monthly basis. In most product areas, we manufacture to anticipated demand rather than a backlog. With open specifications for most products, competition comes from everywhere and price as well as availability is always important. To be successful, we must not only achieve our customers’ pricing objectives,
but also differentiate ourselves in their eyes in terms of quality, service and performance.
Our goal is to globalize the business in what has traditionally been a highly fragmented regional or local industry. We see plenty of opportunity to differentiate ourselves in a huge global market with products critical to society’s fabric—light, heat, control and communication. We deem geographic and product breadth as critical to weathering economic cycles, particularly in developing countries where we have the ability to leverage

Capital Expenditures
Average Monthly High and Low Copper Comex Prices
Metal-Adjusted Revenues by Segment
(as percentage)
70%
60%
50%
40%
30% L 20%
H $4.0 $3.5 $3.0 $2.5 $2.0 $1.5 $1.0
$2.50 $2.25 $2.00 $1.75 $1.50 $1.25 $1.00
General Cable 6 Annual Report
our 150 years of know-how and One Company approach. We see the opportunity to get better each day through leveraged learning and continuous improvement among our 46 manufacturing locations and nearly 13,000 associates. Lastly, we are betting that societal investment in infrastructure, over the long-term, will be important to global economic development and prosperity.
2008 in Review
We are in the midst of a deep recession and a cycle of asset re-pricing. Our two largest geographic markets, the United States and Spain, experienced severe economic difficulties, with the United States officially entering recession near the end of 2007 and Spain’s construction sector all but coming to a stop. We hoped this period would never come. Nevertheless, we have been preparing for it for years. We have a culture that celebrates a continuous war-on-waste, utilizing the Lean Six Sigma toolset; extraordinary product and geographic diversity; the right capital structure; working capital efficiency; a One Company business model that allows everyone, irrespective of nationality, to contribute to our success; and a continuous global exchange of best practices in safety, talent development,
(per pound)
(in billions)
     H
H
        L
                           L
           North America
Europe & North Africa
Rest of World
10% 000
2006 2007 2008
2006 2007 2008
2006
2007
2008
North America
Europe Rest of & North World
Africa
      
General Cable 7 Annual Report
technology, purchasing, engineering, manufacturing and customer development. The Company was able to leverage these strengths and deliver many successes in 2008, as we:
— Maintained one of the best safety records in the industry
— Grew revenues and earnings, improved the Company’s net leverage ratio
and generated more than $225 million of cash ow from operating activities
— Acquired majority ownership positions in Algeria and the Philippines with each
business delivering more than $100 million in annual revenues
— Entered the multi-billion dollar repeatered submarine fiber optic communications
market, which has increased the Company’s addressable submarine communications
market by six-fold
— Introduced a groundbreaking 10 Gigabit cable solution, GenSPEED® 10 MTPTM
Category 6A Cable, featuring the patent-pending Mosaic CrossblockTM technology, which effectively places General Cable at the forefront of the twisted pair copper networking cable technology spectrum
— Entered the offshore power market with particular emphasis on the offshore wind farm and deep-water oil and gas exploration and production markets
— Earned recognition by FORTUNE Magazine as one of the 100 Fastest Growing Companies for the second year in a row
Shareholders, however, were not rewarded in the equity market for these successes. With equity price multiples severely contracting and infrastructure-focused companies in great disfavor, the Company’s common share price fell precipitously through the second half of 2008 to end the year at $17.69. While disappointed, we are not discouraged. In fact,
several members of our management team took the opportunity to purchase additional shares. And in October 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase common shares on the open market over a one-year period.

General Cable 8 Annual Report
Financial Results
Metal-adjusted revenues grew to $6.2 billion in 2008 from $4.6 billion in 2007. While monthly price movements in copper and aluminum during 2008 were quite volatile, copper and aluminum price averages for the year were close to 2007 levels. Foreign exchange
rates were also volatile throughout the year, resulting in favorable year-over-year foreign currency translation benefits in the first half of the year and unfavorable translation adjustments as well as emerging market foreign currency transaction losses in the
second half of the year.
The Company generated more than $225 million of cash ow in 2008 from operating activities for the second year in a row. During the year, the Company:
— Invested $218 million in internal growth opportunities, particularly for new products
including submarine energy cable for the offshore wind power and deep-water oil and gas markets, submarine repeatered fiber optic communications cables and extra-high- voltage energy cable
— Invested more than $50 million for a strategic joint venture in Algeria and to increase our investment in Phelps Dodge Philippines from 40% to 60%
— Repurchased one million shares (nearly 2%) of General Cable common stock on the open market during the fourth quarter for a total of $11.65 million, or an average of $11.65 a share, as part of a $100 million, one-year program authorized by the Board
of Directors
Even with these actions during the year, the Company was able to achieve an improvement in net debt to adjusted EBITDA (net leverage ratio) from 2.5 times at the end of 2007 to 2.2 times at the end of 2008 and an adjusted EBITDA to net interest coverage exceeding 9 times.

                                                                                                                                                                                General Cable 9 Annual Report
One Company and a Culture of Continuous Improvement
Our vision is to have a seamless and exible organization where purposeful knowledge and resource sharing within and across geographies is a natural part of what we do every day. With our One Company philosophy and culture of continuous improvement, we have many opportunities to further leverage these strengths around the world. Equally, we strive to have one face to our global customers with all commercial, technical, manufacturing and business ethnicities working together to meet our customers’ needs. We will continue reaching to achieve this vision. While this is difficult, it is critical to our future. Our competitors will have a tough hurdle to clear in trying to replicate our organizational capabilities.
Strategic Imperatives for 2009
General Cable has always been a careful steward of our shareholders’ capital. The environment today demands even greater diligence. The capital structure that we have put in place over the last several years has given us the exibility to look into new markets and either acquire, invest in new capacity, or quietly take a market position by exporting products from one of our 46 manufacturing facilities in 23 countries. Investors should
2006
49% United States 19% Spain
11% France
07% Canada
02% Portugal 12% All Other
Percentage of Net Revenues by Country
2007
42% United States 18% Spain
12% France
05% Canada
03% Portugal 20% All Other
2008
31% United States 12% Spain
09% France
05% Brazil
05% Canada
04% Venezuela
03% Thailand
03% South Africa
03% United Arab Emirates 02% Portugal
02% Algeria 21% All Other
   
General Cable 10 Annual Report
expect that we will continue down this path as we seek to invest in companies or regions where others see great doubt or uncertainty. Additionally, we will stay on the offensive in terms of continuous internal improvement. That is part of our DNA as a Company. In short, we are in a period of discontinuous opportunity with an operating platform of proven worth and value. We know that demand will not fall forever. In some sense, this is the time we have been preparing for.
We continue to focus on long-term trends that we believe will transcend this period of economic turmoil. These trends include: increasing populations and wealth in emerging economies; governmental drive for energy independence, security and renewable energy mandates; new communication networks; and the scarcity of new commodity deposits.
While 2009 will not be easy, we believe General Cable is a stronger Company today than at any time in its history. We are firm believers that if you have laid the proper groundwork and have the right toolset, adversity can be a source of great opportunity. We have the right people, the right culture, the right products and we are serving the right markets. We will continue to think long-term while quietly adjusting to the current environment.
gregory b. kenny john e. welsh, iii president and chief executive officer nonexecutive chairman
  