GENERAL CABLE 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

DEAR FELLOW

SHAREHOLDERS
General Cable delivered another year of adjusted operating income growth in 2013. We enhanced our operating and talent management systems and continued to build our global One Company culture. We entered 2014 well positioned for late-cycle recoveries in energy, infrastructure and construction activity around the world.

GREGORY B. KENNY President and Chief Executive Officer JOHN E. WELSH, III Non-executive Chairman

THIS IS OUR YEAR IN REVIEW

STRONG PROGRESS AND MOMENTUM IN 2013
In the face of continued low demand, metal cost headwinds, and economic and geopolitical uncertainty, we strengthened our foundation and generated positive momentum to end the year. Our employees' continuous focus on key priorities-- safety, quality, manufacturing and logistics, cost control, acquisition integration, customer service,
2

Our product portfolio in North America is one of the broadest in the industry, nearly 60 percent of which is aluminum conductor based. More than 18 percent of our products sold in the region today have been refreshed or launched over the last three years-- a testament to the innovative work of our engineers and employees. ROW Our view of the long-term growth opportunities in these markets is unchanged. We continue to see significant potential to grow revenues and profits as countries invest in energy and communication infrastructure as well as construction-related spending. In 2013, we accelerated the implementation of Lean initiatives focused on waste, entitlement capacity and customer service. We began marketing highervalue-add specialized products through cross-selling initiatives. We have deployed our operational and commercial expertise globally to launch turnaround plans focused on improving the returns on our investments in Brazil, India, Mexico, Peru and South Africa. We remain confident in our ability to deliver improvement and will closely monitor our progress. We are also closely monitoring the geopolitical situation in Thailand and the foreign currency control system in Venezuela.

and working capital management--enabled us to make important progress in 2013. Our 2012 acquisitions and project-oriented businesses performed well in 2013. We shipped near-recordhigh volume of aerial transmission cables in North America and Brazil, and also ended the year with a third consecutive quarter of stable results in our submarine energy turnkey project business in Europe. Overall, we generated adjusted operating income growth for the fourth consecutive year and the foundations are in place to build on this in 2014. North America Our acquisitions of Alcan Cable and Prestolite Wire performed above the original investment case in 2013. These businesses brought us market-leading positions in aluminum electric utility and construction cables, as well as hightemperature anti-abrasion transportation products. We are substantially complete with the integration of both acquisitions--we are pleased with the synergies achieved and outstanding cultural fit.

GENERAL CABLE 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Europe Our performance in 2013 reflected the removal of significant costs over the past several years and the continuing improvement in the cross-utilization of our seven continental manufacturing facilities in this segment. We implemented a product-matrix management system, which is enabling us to better allocate resources. Equally important and encouraging was the growth of our oil and gas and communications products, as well as the continuing stability of our submarine energy and underground power turnkey project businesses.

 - We increased General Cable's senior secured  credit facility to $1.0 billion, extended its  maturity to 2018 and incorporated certain  of our company's European assets to create  a global credit facility, further enhancing our  liquidity and financial flexibility.  - We launched asset optimization and productivity  plans aimed at enhancing returns both in  developed and emerging markets. Part of these  plans included the turnaround and stabilization  of our submarine turnkey project business in  Europe, the announced closure of manufacturing  facilities in North America, and the launch of  commercial and operational turnaround plans  in ROW greenfield investments.  - We received an INDUSTRYWEEK Best Plants  Award at our manufacturing facility in  Jackson, Tennessee. We continued to reinforce our shared corporate values across the company in 2013 as we build our One Company global culture. Our Global Councils and newly created global roles in manufacturing, technology, supply chain, communications products and commercial sales are facilitating the sharing of best practices while improving daily execution and management of working capital.
3

2013 HIGHLIGHTS
 - We delivered global unit volume growth of  14 percent year over year, principally due to  the performance of our 2012 acquisitions,  aerial transmission projects and a growing  construction products business.  - Demand for aerial transmission cables in  North America and Brazil reached near-record  highs in 2013, as measured in metal pounds sold.  - Adjusted operating income increased to  $264 million in 2013, the fourth consecutive  year of growth.

THIS IS OUR YEAR IN REVIEW

$5.50

$3.90

$4.50

$3.70

$3.50
Avg $3.61

$3.50

$2.50

Avg $4.01

Avg $3.34

$3.30

$1.50

$3.10

$1.50
2011 2012 2013

$2.90
JAN 13 FEB 13 MAR 13 APR 13 MAY 13 JUN 13 JUL 13 AUG 13 SEP 13 OCT 13 NOV 13 DEC 13

4
$1.60 $1.40

THREE-YEAR COPPER PRICE ­ HIGH/LOW (COMEX Daily Close)

2013 DAILY COPPER PRICE (COMEX Daily Close)

$1.10

$1.05 $1.20 $1.00 $0.80 $0.60 $0.90 $0.40 $0.20
2011 2012 2013
Avg $1.16 Avg $1.02 Avg $0.95

$1.00

$0.95

$0.85
JAN 13 FEB 13 MAR 13 APR 13 MAY 13 JUN 13 JUL 13 AUG 13 SEP 13 OCT 13 NOV 13 DEC 13

THREE-YEAR ALUMINUM PRICE­HIGH/LOW (U.S. Midwest Premium)

2013 DAILY ALUMINUM PRICE (U.S. Midwest Premium)

Over the past three years, copper and aluminum prices have traded as high as $4.62 and $1.35 and as low as $3.03 and $0.87, respectively. Since 2011, the average market prices of copper

and aluminum have declined 17 percent and 18 percent, respectively. This has been a persistent headwind to our operating results, measuring in the tens of millions of dollars annually.

GENERAL CABLE 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

ACCELERATING ASSET OPTIMIZATION AND PRODUCTIVITY IMPROVEMENT
Faced with slow global demand growth, excess capacity and the short-term burden of declining metal cost inputs, the wire and cable industry has focused on consolidation and capacity rationalization over the past several years. General Cable has been an active participant in this trend. Overall, we remain confident in the intermediate From 2005 to 2011, we acquired 14 businesses in key product categories and geographies around the world. In 2012, we acquired four more strategic assets with locations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Colombia and China, which collectively performed at or above the investment case in 2013 and had return on capital employed higher than the base business. On the other hand, we recently announced the permanent closure of two electric utility and one electronics manufacturing facilities in North America. These actions, coupled with our ongoing Lean initiatives over the past several years, have improved our cost position in each of our end markets around the world while preserving our ability to capture the upside. Now, we are further expanding initiatives to enhance operating performance and returns through asset optimization and increased productivity across our global enterprise. and long-term demand growth drivers in our key end markets. Our portfolio, which includes industryleading positions around the world, is well aligned with long-term growth fundamentals in energy, infrastructure and construction investment in developed and emerging markets alike.
5

In developed markets, our evaluation of the potential consolidation of certain production lines and facilities continues. In emerging markets, we are closely monitoring the rate of improvement in turnaround programs in progress at our greenfield investments.

BALANCED CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT: COMMITTED TO SHAREHOLDERS
We launched a comprehensive shareholder capital return program in 2013, implementing a quarterly dividend and retaining the flexibility to return cash to shareholders through our share repurchase authorization.

THIS IS OUR YEAR IN REVIEW

In 2013, we returned a total of $55 million to our shareholders through an $0.18 per share, or $9 million, quarterly dividend--$36 million stated annually--and the repurchase of $19 million of our common shares, or one percent of total outstanding shares. This represents a payout ratio stated as a percentage of adjusted net income of approximately 63 percent for 2013. While we continue to monitor opportunities in an industry under stress in many
6

We want to thank our employees, shareholders and Board of Directors for their ongoing commitment to General Cable. We would also like to express our great appreciation for the sustaining loyalty of our customers, channel partners and suppliers. We made significant progress building our One Company global culture and reinforcing our values and compliance programs in 2013. We are confident that our strong focus on asset optimization and productivity improvements at General Cable over the coming year will further enhance our ability to capitalize on opportunities across all of our three segments. We look forward to recapping our achievements in 2014.

markets, we are committed to disciplined capital deployment and are employing a highly selective approach to acquisitions while keeping capital spending levels below depreciation.

WELL POSITIONED FOR OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD
Sincerely, Over the past 15 years, we have moved from a U.S.-centric business largely dependent upon one rapidly declining product line (telephone cable) to a diversified global leader in wire and cable products and systems. This was complex and difficult work, and it was not without its challenges along the way. We have overcome those challenges and remain confident in our ability to continuously improve across all segments. Today, our principal focus is on daily execution, working capital management, cash generation and return on capital employed.
JOHN E. WELSH, III Non-executive Chairman GREGORY B. KENNY President and Chief Executive Officer

