September 2016 Dear Fellow Shareholders, YOU.POWERED. This is the new tagline for the Briggs & Stratton brand that we launched earlier this year for our customers, employees and business partners. It reflects what we are and have always been - a brand and a company that helps empower people to achieve by helping them overcome challenges, make progress, improve and ultimately accomplish their goals. These words also are how I would sum up our fiscal year. While fiscal 2016 was not without its challenges, we made substantial progress in executing our strategy, which continues to develop Briggs & Stratton into an even better company. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Our financial results reflected many of the macro-economic factors impacting the global economy, as well as the influence of weather patterns that occurred during the spring selling season. Although our adjusted earnings per share were lower in 2016 when compared to 2015, there were areas of solid improvement in our business. Our Products adjusted segment income increased $2.7 million compared to last year despite lower sales of $16.4 million. The improvement in segment income was even more dramatic when you consider the impact the substantial decline in the oil and gas markets had on our job site business. Compared to 2015, adjusted operating results in our job site business declined by $10.9 million, caused by the downturn in oil drilling activity. This means the operating results of the other areas comprising this segment, primarily turf and residential products, improved by $13.6 million, which is on top of the improvement we achieved in fiscal 2015. The improvement is a direct result of the restructuring actions that we implemented over the last two years and the continued focus on higher value, higher margin products. Our commercial turf business had another record year, reflecting the impact of continued innovation and a more robust housing market for high-end and multi-family homes, properties/owners that often-times will hire a contractor for landscape maintenance. Our Engines adjusted segment income declined by $8.8 million on a sales decline of $66.1 million. The European lawn and garden market had the greatest impact on the decline, as weak economic conditions across the region, coupled with cold weather throughout most of the spring, caused a significant decline in shipments. We have seen improvement in the European weather after our year-end so we are encouraged that the season is improving. The U.S. market also was weaker than we anticipated due to a "choppy" housing recovery and a cool spring in the northern U.S. We view the housing market as "choppy" given that high-end and multi-family housing has seen solid improvement; however, starter and step-up homes have continued to be weak. Over the last several years, data has shown that household formations are occurring later in life for millennials than previous generations and that when they form a household, they are more likely to rent than own. Some have interpreted this as a shift in the desire to own a home, yet surveys indicate most still expect to own a home at some point. We believe increased student loans, coupled with more stringent lending practices have delayed first-time home buyers from entering the market. Plus, there appears to be a shortage of starter homes, as builders focus more on higher-end houses. This notion of a "choppy" housing market is reflected in our business. Industry shipments

significant pipeline of new products. At the same time, we don't want to lose sight of the need to focus on keeping costs low and eliminating waste. We have a strong cost-focused culture that continues to permeate throughout our organization. Over the last few years, we have focused on expanding lean methods to our office and administrative functions. To that end, we are investing in an upgrade to our SAP system that will allow us to streamline our processes and make it easy to do business with us. Finally, we want to make our strong parts distribution network into a superior global support network. Historically, we have had a solid parts distribution and training network comprised of dealers and distributors who provide support for our offerings throughout the world. We are working to make this even better. This past year, our domestic parts distributors completed their consolidation to form Power Distributors, LLC (PD). As part of this consolidation, we increased our equity stake in PD. With PD's nationwide reach and efficient operation, we believe we can do a better job of providing support for users of power equipment. At the same time, we are investing in digital tools that provide enhanced support by providing users with expert advice and knowhow to get the job done right. OUTLOOK I hope you can see the work we have done over the last several years is paying off. We have established a foundation of innovation and creating new opportunities for the future, while at the same time keeping in place what has made Briggs & Stratton great for many years. As for fiscal 2017, it is difficult to predict with any certainty what will happen with the global economy. We have taken what we consider to be a realistic approach to economic and industry growth estimates given the level of uncertainty that exists, while continuing to invest in areas that are important to our future growth. We will continue to take a disciplined approach in using our cash to (1) invest in our business; (2) execute acquisitions that help us accelerate our strategy; and (3) return cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. You can expect us to continue to innovate in all areas of our business to strengthen our position as an industry leader. You also will see us continue to diversify our business with a focus on commercial-oriented products, channel and geographic expansion. CLOSING COMMENTS Once again, I would like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and communities in which we operate for their ongoing support that is so very important to our success. And, I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your support and confidence in our team. I hope you are as excited as I am about the future of our great company.

Todd J. Teske Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

