September 2015 Dear Fellow Shareholders, Fiscal 2015 was a year of many achievements in the face of a challenging and volatile global macroeconomic environment. We improved our financial results significantly, completed two acquisitions to help us in the execution of our strategy, continued to deliver innovation to our customers, all while restructuring certain parts of our business. This was against a backdrop of foreign currency headwinds and slow economic growth around the world. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Our financial performance was markedly improved from fiscal 2014. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.42 compared to $0.82 last year, an increase of 73%. Revenues were $1.895 billion in 2015 compared to $1.859 billion in 2014, about a 2% increase. We improved adjusted segment income in each of our segments with the Engines segment improving to $93.9 million compared to $81.8 million last year. Our Products segment generated adjusted segment income of $7.0 million compared to a loss of $16.0 million last year. This improved financial performance reflects the success we have had executing our strategy. In the Engines segment we are driving innovation with all of our customer segments and growing in the commercial engine market. In our Products segment we are focusing on higher margin products, introducing innovation and right-sizing our footprint and infrastructure. In both segments, geographic expansion is an important part of our strategy. Our international sales increased 3% year-over-year despite very challenging market conditions. STRATEGIC ACTIONS Consistent with prior years, we have three elements of our strategy: · Grow the profitability of our engine business · Invest and grow in higher margin and margin expanding areas · Expand geographically

We have made progress in each of these areas this past year. As discussed below, innovation continues to play a key role across our business. We also continue to strengthen our value proposition in the areas of power application solutions and superior global support network while actively pursuing lower cost across our business. We have made substantial progress in executing the restructuring program that we announced in July 2014. Our team has transitioned production from the McDonough, Georgia facility to our plants in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin and Munnsville, New York. Plant moves are inherently risky but our team has performed very well. The restructuring program has allowed us to focus on higher value, higher margin products which is showing in the profit improvement achieved by our Products Group. We are completing the restructuring program and we expect to see the remaining benefits in our fiscal 2016 financial results. As for acquisitions, we were active in our Products segment this past year. We acquired two companies, AllmandTM and Billy Goat® Industries, Inc. The acquisition of Allmand, which makes light towers, industrial heaters and arrow boards, fits nicely as an adjacency to our existing business allowing us to serve markets in which we have historically not participated. Further, Allmand now has better access to international markets and more technology than it did prior to the acquisition, allowing us to create value through our existing infrastructure. Similarly, Billy Goat, which makes specialty turf equipment such as aerators, sod cutters, and power rakes, complements our commercial turf business to help landscapers get the job done. We will continue to pursue acquisitions as one of the enablers of our strategy.

We have executed our strategy while returning capital of over $272 million through dividends and share repurchases over the last five years. Plus, we have maintained a strong balance sheet to fund future growth. INNOVATION As you may recall, 2014 was a seminal year for new product introductions and we carried that through in 2015. Some of the introductions in 2015 were: EXi SeriesTM Engines These engines are the first to power a walkbehind lawn mower that never needs an oil change. We designed this engine from the ground up to create the easiest to maintain engine while delivering superior performance. Our research showed that users wanted a low maintenance engine and we delivered. InStart® Lithium-Ion Electric Start Engine As I have discussed in past letters, easy starting is very important to users. This year we launched the InStart® system that uses a lithium-ion battery to allow for push button starting of the engine. Battery start systems have been around for awhile, however, the batteries are historically leadacid based which take several hours to charge and typically fail over a few years. Our InStart system is powered by Lithium-Ion which charges in minutes and lasts substantially longer than lead-acid technology. DirectPowerTM Installation Technology This innovation allows for the fastest, most affordable home generator installation in the industry. The installation cost of a generator system can easily run in the thousands of dollars. Our research shows that homeowners often don't purchase a unit as the total cost is perceived to be unaffordable. With DirectPowerTM, we have reduced installation cost by up to 60%, making it much more attractive to homeowners to install a backup power system.

SnowShredderTM Serrated Auger Technology The SnowShredderTM is used on a single-stage snow thrower to chop, grind, and throw snow. In depth ethnographic studies with our endusers showed that they want the power of a dual-stage machine with the handling of a singlestage machine. The issue with most single-stage snow throwers is their inability to get through packed snow and ice, especially at the end of the driveway after the plow cleared the street. The SnowShredder solves this issue with its fourteen individual serrated surfaces to provide superior snow/ice removal. 810cc EFI VanguardTM engine Last year I reported that we launched our new 810cc VanguardTM engine with a carbureted fuel delivery system. This year we went a step further and introduced electronic fuel injection (EFI) on this engine. Not only does EFI deliver industry leading fuel efficiency, it also delivers optimum power for zero turn radius mowers. These are just a few of the many innovations introduced in fiscal 2015. Our team has done a great job of bringing to market new and innovative solutions. OUTLOOK The actions we have taken over the last several years have positioned us very well for the future. At the same time, we are operating in a challenging economic environment. While the U.S. economy is improving, albeit at a slow pace, the international markets prove to be challenging. The vast majority of our products are made in the U.S. with many of these products exported outside of the country exposing us to foreign exchange fluctuations. The foreign currency markets are proving to be a near term headwind given the significant strengthening of the dollar over the past year. We are managing the impact of these headwinds. At the same time we are seeing

improvements in the U.S. housing market which should have a positive impact on our business. And, we continue to see opportunities in our commercial engines and products. Historically, we have not had as strong a position in commercial offerings as we have had in our consumer/ residential products. We continue to focus on commercial type products and expect to continue the gains we have seen over the last few years. CLOSING COMMENTS I would like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and communities in which we operate for their continued support. Your help is critical to our success. I would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence. Your support has allowed our team to focus on executing our strategy in an ever changing economic environment. I am very excited and encouraged about the future of our great company.

Todd J. Teske Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

