September 2, 2013 Dear Fellow Shareholders, Fiscal 2013 was an unusual year on many fronts, yet it was a very productive year in the execution of our strategy. We did make progress in executing our strategy as we introduced many new, innovative products featuring our latest innovations and made significant investments in the emerging markets to further diversify our business geographically. Although I really do not like talking about how the weather impacts our business, it does explain a lot about our financial results. Later I will discuss how we are diversifying our business to help temper the weather impact. Weather Impact As we entered the fiscal year, I was very concerned about the impact of drought in the United States that we experienced last fiscal year. It was the worst drought in decades and, aside from impacting 2012, created significant uncertainty going into the 2013 lawn and garden season. The concern turned out to be well founded as we proceeded through an early winter season that produced little accumulating snowfall which had an adverse effect on the snow thrower market. Then, in late winter/ early spring the snow finally arrived; too late for the channel to move snow throwers but early enough to dramatically improve drought conditions. Unfortunately, it was a very cool spring and, despite the moisture, the grass didn't grow. This delayed the season by over four weeks, a significant delay considering the bulk of the selling season is just 12-16 weeks. The story was very much the same in Europe with a delayed start to the selling season of over six weeks on top of a weak economic environment. Our Australian operation had a very difficult year due to unusually dry conditions in the populated regions. This caused the market to be down more than 20% and had a very strong impact on our profitability in the Australasian region. Superstorm Sandy also occurred during our fiscal year. This storm, the strongest in years to impact the eastern U.S., created tremendous devastation with millions of households and businesses experiencing power outages. We were able to respond immediately to the impacted areas with portable generators. After recovery efforts were well underway, we saw strong demand for standby generators. This demand continued through much of the fiscal year. The impact of this storm was significant and I am very proud of our team that helped get those impacted what they desperately needed. As you can tell, this was a very active weather season that heavily impacted our business. So let me turn to our financial performance. Financial Performance Our adjusted net income fell 22% from fiscal 2012 on a sales decline of almost 10%. About one-half of the sales decline was caused by our decision last fiscal year to no longer sell mowing equipment to mass retailers. As a reminder, there are many others that serve the mass mower market better than us. Accordingly, we decided to focus on selling engines to those better suited to serve this part of the market. The remaining sales decline was driven by a combination of the adverse weather

conditions discussed above and the desire of many in the industry to control and, in many cases, reduce inventories. Following suit, we took down production to control our inventories which had a significant, adverse impact on our profitability due to the fixed costs in our factories that were spread over fewer units of production. During the year we did have several special items that impacted our financial results. These items included restructuring charges, a litigation settlement and a charge for intangible asset impairments in our product business. The intangible asset impairments resulted from a combination of factors, predominantly driven by a slower than anticipated recovery of the North America lawn and garden market. Notwithstanding the charge, we believe our products business has a bright future. We have improved this business substantially over the last few years resulting in a more focused business that is poised to grow. As for our restructuring efforts, the team continues to do a good job of executing the programs and we are seeing substantial savings that offset the decline in sales experienced during the year. Our Strategy Despite the market headwinds, we made a lot of progress in executing our strategy during 2013. Let me touch on a few examples: Grow the profitability of our engine business ­ We continue to transition our small vertical shaft engine line-up to our E SeriesTM platform that provides easier starting in a more compact design while providing the power needed to get the job done. We also continue to invest in our larger engines used in residential and commercial applications. Many new engines and features will be introduced in fiscal 2014 and beyond. Of course, we continue to drive productivity and cost savings through our lean processes in our plants and our engineering operations, further improving profitability. Invest and grow in higher margin and margin expanding areas ­ Innovation is key. 2013 was a watershed year as we introduced a significant number of innovative products and value adding features. In the U.S. alone we introduced 40 new lawn and garden products. Some of the more significant launches included a complete renewal of the Simplicity ® line of tractors, including the first of its kind, Simplicity ® lawn tractor with independent suspension and the reintroduction of our iconic Snapper ® rear engine rider. These new products accounted for 40% of our sales to dealers during the year. We also introduced several commercial style mowers under the Ferris® and Snapper Pro® brands which resulted in continued strong growth in our commercial mower business. Standby generators continue to show strong growth especially in light of the hurricane activity that took place during the year. Homeowners realize that power outages are disruptive to their lifestyle and peace of mind. During the year we continued investing in this category and launched several new products and features under the General Electric and Briggs & Stratton brands. We also introduced InfohubTM, a wireless monitor that allows homeowners to receive text and email alerts when their generator needs repair or maintenance so it's always ready for operation when utility power goes down. This innovative accessory provides peace of mind to homeowners through real time information about their generator. We continue to invest in product development, marketing and enhancing the sales process to grow this product category.

Expand geographically in underserved markets ­ Geographic expansion was a significant focus during fiscal 2013. Our acquisition of Branco® in Brazil came with a great management team, solid distribution and extensive product lines. This acquisition not only gives us a stronger base of business in Brazil but will allow for further expansion in Latin America, a key region for us. We continue to invest in our distribution networks in Southeast Asia, Central and Eastern Europe and Russia as well. As I have indicated in the past, a key metric for us is the split between US/International revenue. This split remained the same between years at a 70/30 percent mix. The weakness in Europe and Australia negatively impacted this ratio, however our investments in the emerging regions had a very favorable impact. This measure is important to our company as we are striving for geographic and product line diversification so that weather events impacting one region do not have as dramatic an impact as we experienced the last two years. The Future The actions that we have taken over the last few years have positioned us well for the future. As always, we will continue to focus on reducing costs, having quality product offerings, on-time delivery and solid after-sale service. Those are key principles to our operating model. Now we are also increasing the flow of innovative products and service offerings that are attractive to end users. We believe that 2013 was the start of that increased flow to the market. New product introductions in our categories are never fast enough but the work we have done over the past few years allows us to continue to offer more in 2014. Our new product pipeline is robust and exciting. Also, our investments continue in our international distribution network and it is developing very nicely. While the global economy continues to be quite uncertain, we are in a much better position today to deal with this uncertainty while capitalizing on opportunities. Closing Comments 2013 marks the 105th anniversary of Briggs & Stratton. Over this period the Briggs & Stratton team has been flexible to adapt to changes in the world, diligent in execution, and courageous in making tough decisions. These attributes exist to this day at Briggs & Stratton as we continue to execute our strategy and manage the company for the long-term. I would like to thank our customers, employees, suppliers and the communities in which they operate for all that they do for our company. The continued support of these stakeholders allow us to continue to execute strategy. Finally, I would like to thank our shareholders for their trust and continued confidence in our business. I appreciate the support that you have given us as we have made many of the changes necessary for us to execute our strategy. Although we can't control the overall market conditions in which we operate, we are working diligently to control what we can to enhance shareholder value in the long-term. I believe Briggs & Stratton has a very bright future.

Todd J. Teske Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

