2 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 To Our Stockholders
  Chad C. Deaton
2008 was a successful year for Baker Hughes, at the high point of the current business cycle.
Baker Hughes achieved record reve- nues and profits as we invested in global growth and added new capabilities to serve our customers. As 2008 began, energy demand was strong, commodity prices were escalating, and our customers’ exploration and production activity was increasing. This positive trend continued until mid-year, when oil prices peaked at $145 per barrel, then began to fall rap- idly. During the second half of the year, the financial crisis and a slowing world economy led to a precipitous drop in energy prices and the most rapid and most dramatic downturn in upstream activity since the mid-1980s.
North American activity was stronger than expected in 2008. Natural gas- directed drilling was up slightly for the year, driven by relatively low gas storage levels, higher natural gas prices, and increased horizontal drilling in the uncon- ventional shale gas basins. Oil-directed drilling was up 38% compared to 2007 in response to rising crude prices in the first half of the year. The U.S. rig count peaked in September at 2,031 active rigs, the highest level since 1985, then dropped 17% by end of the year. Baker Hughes benefited from our strength in technology and services for horizontal well projects, which have declined less rapidly than proj- ects involving vertical or directional wells.
Outside North America, most areas saw steady increases in exploration and produc- tion activity through the first half of the year, contributing to our strong results.
By the third quarter, oil companies of all sizes and types were impacted by the short supply of credit, slowing economy,
and drastically lower oil and natural gas prices. Even the economic engines of China and India slowed. In response, OPEC announced production cuts in an effort to prop up oil prices. By the end of the year, the fundamentals of the market had eroded, making the outlook for 2009 uncertain.
Despite these shifts in the market, Baker Hughes continued to build for future growth with ongoing investment in technology, people and infrastructure. We also took a critical step toward improving our ability to create value from our cus- tomers’ hydrocarbon reservoirs through the acquisition of two leading consulting firms and the formation of our new Res- ervoir Technology and Consulting Group.
During the year, our regional organiza- tion structure grew stronger and our local management teams worked more closely together to provide multi-product solu- tions for our clients and drive efficiencies throughout the organization. Through this effort, we have strengthened our position in most key markets around the world.
Record Financial Results
In 2008, Baker Hughes revenues increased 14% to $11.86 billion, from $10.43 billion in 2007. The company’s 2008 net income rose 9%, reaching $1.64 billion or $5.30 per diluted share, from $1.51 billion or $4.73 per diluted share in 2007.
Net income for 2008 included a pre- tax gain of $28 million (approximately $18 million after-tax or $0.06 per diluted share) from the sale in the first quarter of the Completion and Production segment’s Surface Safety Systems product line. Net income also included a net charge of
$62 million ($40 million after-tax or
 This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These fore- casts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in ”Risk Factors“ and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2008. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
 
2008 Annual Report 3
 2008 was a successful year for Baker Hughes, at the high point of the current business cycle. Baker Hughes achieved record revenues and profits as we invested in global growth and added new capabilities to serve our customers.
 $0.13 per diluted share), related to the settlement of litigation with ReedHycalog in the second quarter. Results also included an impairment on auction rate securities of $25 million after tax ($0.08 per diluted share).
To support future growth, our capital expenditure was $1.30 billion in 2008, compared to $1.13 billion in 2007. The 2008 capital investment included $184 mil- lion for expansion of our engineering and manufacturing facilities, and our service infrastructure. Depreciation and amortiza- tion expense in 2008 was $637 million compared to $521 million in 2007.
In 2008, we built additional infrastruc- ture including our Center for Technology Innovation in Houston and our Middle East Asia Pacific Region Headquarters and Education Center in Dubai, as well as new operations centers in Brazil, Argentina, Malaysia, China, Ecuador, Texas, Wyoming and California.
At year’s end, debt had increased $1.25 billion to $2.33 billion, and cash and short-term investments increased $901 million to $1.96 billion compared to 2007. The company issued $1.25 billion in long-term debt and repaid approximately $500 million in commercial paper in the fourth quarter 2008, then repaid $525 mil- lion of maturing long-term debt in the first quarter of 2009.
Baker Hughes repurchased 9 million shares of common stock in 2008 at an average price of $68.12 per share for a total of $627 million. At the end of 2008, the company had authorization remaining to repurchase approximately $1.2 billion in common stock.
Results by Segment
For the year 2008, Drilling and Evalua- tion segment revenue was $6.05 billion, up 14% from $5.29 billion in 2007, and operating profit before tax of $1.4 billion was flat compared to 2007. The fastest growing Drilling and Evaluation product lines were directional drilling, logging- while-drilling, and drill bits, reflecting our strength in horizontal drilling. The pre-tax operating margin for 2008 was 23% compared to 26% for 2007.
Completion and Production segment revenue was $5.82 billion in 2008, up 13% from $5.14 billion in 2007, and operating profit before tax increased 15% to $1.28 billion in 2008 from $1.11 billion in 2007. The fastest growing Completion and Production product lines were our specialty chemical and artificial lift divi- sions, which focus on the producing well market and were less affected by the decline in rig activity in the second half of the year. The segment’s pre-tax operating margin for both 2008 and 2007 was 22%.
Impact of Two Major Hurricanes
Two major hurricanes, Gustav and Ike, struck the Gulf of Mexico in 2008, disrupting offshore activity and affecting Baker Hughes’ business along the Gulf of Mexico. Particularly in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike, Baker Hughes employees did an exemplary job of quickly bringing the company’s facilities back into opera- tion while supporting recovery in their communities.
We estimate that the combined nega- tive impact of the two storms in the third quarter alone was $78 million in revenue and $50 million in profit before tax or $0.11 per share.
Reservoir Technology Group
While Baker Hughes possesses a
full range of technologies directed at the reservoir, we believe that we can create additional value for our customers by expanding our expertise beyond the well- bore to the reservoir. In 2008, we formed the Reservoir Technology and Consulting Group to help fill this gap. In April, we acquired Gaffney Cline & Associates (GCA) and GeoMechanics International (GMI). These two firms bring reservoir skills and knowledge to strengthen Baker Hughes in this key area. By enhancing our capabilities in reservoir engineering, reser- voir characterization and geomechanics, we are better able to apply our wellbore related technologies to advance reservoir performance by optimizing recovery from entire fields. We intend to expand our Reservoir Technology and Consulting Group through organic growth and acquisitions.
 
   Baker Hughes horizontal well technology makes it possible for operators to effi- ciently develop unconventional gas reserves. Our AutoTrakTM rotary steerable system and advanced LWD technology help place long horizontal wells accu- rately within gas-bearing shales. Our FracPointTM completion system enables cost-effective staged fracturing opera- tions that maximize productivity.
     
2008 Annual Report 5
 We took a critical step toward improving our ability to create value from our customers’ hydrocarbon reservoirs through the acquisition of two leading consulting firms and the formation of our new Reservoir Technology and Consulting Group.
 While GCA and GMI continue to work as independent consulting firms, they are collaborating with our product line divi- sions to improve the performance of our technologies and find new applications for their products and services. For exam- ple, GCA reservoir engineering experts collaborated with GMI geomechanics scientists and Baker Oil Tools completion system designers to develop a new com- pletion strategy in a large oil field in Alge- ria that is prone to early water production. The new Baker Hughes solution will enable the customer to develop the field economi- cally and improve ultimate oil recovery.
GMI also has provided important tech- nical insights to improve the performance of many Baker Hughes services, including directional well placement, well stability management and sand control comple- tions. GMI’s new 3D-Geomechanics model extends the range of geomechanical anal- ysis to include entire fields and should enhance reservoir modeling and help optimize production.
Investment in Technology
We remain committed to being a leading technology innovator in the oil- field service industry. In 2008, Baker Hughes increased its investment in research and engineering to $426 million, up 15% from $372 million in 2007. More than 60% of this investment was for proj- ects to develop new technology.
Our ongoing investment in technology development has enabled Baker Hughes to introduce products and services that differentiate us in the market place with core competencies in horizontal well tech- nologies, deepwater operations, harsh environment reservoirs and mature field production optimization.
We also have invested in our research and engineering capabilities. Our new Center for Technology Innovation (CTI) began operating in 2008 to develop reser- voir, completion and production technolo- gies, with emphasis on deepwater, high temperature/high pressure, and sand con- trol applications. On a 14-acre campus in Houston, the CTI consists of 209,000 sq ft of research and engineering space. It includes research laboratories, extreme
high pressure/high temperature test facili- ties, a visualization center, offices and advanced machining and rapid prototyp- ing shops. Approximately 600 scientists, application engineers and laboratory tech- nicians are conducting research, engineer- ing, development and testing at the CTI.
New testing facilities at our artificial lift engineering facility in Claremore, Okla- homa, are already working to extend the operating range of electric submersible pumping systems. Four separate flow loops evaluate pumping system perfor- mance in handling high solids, high vis- cosity, high temperature and high gas-content fluids at flow rates up to 28,000 barrels per day.
We also have made ongoing invest- ments to improve our Celle Technology Center in Germany and enhance our efforts in developing new drilling and evaluation technology. We are currently constructing a new engineering building to accommodate 300 engineers, which will include a prototype lab, a flow loop and a reliability testing area.
In addition, to directly support local customer requirements, we have begun planning regional technology centers to be located in Brazil and Saudi Arabia.
North America
In 2008, North America remained our largest region, with revenues of $5.18 bil- lion up 17% from $4.44 billion in 2007. Operating profit before tax increased 9% to $1.29 billion from $1.18 billion in 2007. The pre-tax operating margin for 2008 was 25% compared to 27% in 2007.
In 2008, Baker Hughes was a leading horizontal drilling and completion supplier in the active unconventional gas basins, including the Barnett, Haynesville, Fayette- ville and Woodford shale plays and the Bakken oil play in the Williston Basin. Dur- ing the year we made local acquisitions and expanded our infrastructure in the northeastern United States to service growing demand in the Marcellus shale basin. We applied our advanced horizon- tal drilling technology, including our QuantecTM PDC drill bits, our AutoTrakTM system and reservoir navigation services. Our FracPointTM completion system has
North America Revenues 2006–2008, by Quarter (In millions)
$1,600 $1,400 $1,200 $1,000
$800 $600 $400 $200
$0
                     2006 2007 2008
 
6 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 The Latin America region was the fastest-growing area
for Baker Hughes in 2008 with a 25% increase in revenues. Our drilling and evaluation product lines geared up to support deepwater horizontal well projects in Brazil, where our drilling fluids and artificial lift divisions also made significant gains.
 Latin America Revenues 2006–2008, by Quarter (In millions)
$0
2006 2007 2008
enabled efficient, staged fracturing opera- tions on more than 520 wells to date.
Offshore, Baker Hughes continued its technical leadership in deepwater drilling fluids, applying its constant rheology syn- thetic base fluid systems on rigs operating in more than 5,000 ft of water. Our direc- tional drilling and LWD services achieved a record of outstanding reliability in the Gulf of Mexico, accumulating more than 15 miles of drilling for one customer without a failure.
Our completions product line also achieved technology successes in the Gulf of Mexico in 2008, including awards for high pressure/high temperature safety valves for deepwater projects, casing exits for re-entry wells from the Matterhorn platform, and installing large-diameter service packers at a record depth of nearly 24,000 ft.
Our artificial lift and specialty chemical product lines achieved strong gains in North America as operators sought to maximize production. In addition to gain- ing new large-scale service agreements to provide electric submersible pumps for entire onshore fields, we provided innova- tive ESP systems to boost production from subsea wells. Our high temperature electric submersible pumping systems improved performance on geothermal wells in Cali- fornia and also in Germany.
Our chemical division provided certi- fied flow assurance solutions for deepwa- ter facilities in the Gulf of Mexico, helped operators improve production by remov- ing deposition and water from oil and gas wells, and provided drag reduction addi- tives to improve flow through pipelines. Our pipeline inspection unit introduced a unique service to measure the effective- ness of cathodic protection programs.
The industrial chemical group provided products and services to enable refiners to process lower-quality, opportunity crudes.
In Canada, Baker Hughes provided chemical services, completion tools and high temperature electric submersible pumping systems for oil sands and Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage projects.
Latin America
The Latin America region was the fastest-growing area for Baker Hughes in 2008. Latin America revenues increased 25% to $1.13 billion from $903 million in 2007. Operating profit before tax reached $213 million in 2008, which was 22% higher than in 2007. Pretax operating margin was 19% in both 2008 and 2007. Brazil, Colombia and Mexico presented the biggest growth opportunities during the year.
In Brazil, our drilling and evaluation product lines geared up to support deep- water horizontal well projects for Petro- bras, applying a full suite of advanced rotary steerable and LWD technology. We opened a new operations base in Macaé to support this activity. Our drilling fluids division won a major contract with Petro- bras to supply half of that customer’s total offshore drilling fluid needs. Our artificial lift division won major orders in Brazil from Petrobras and other international oil companies, including variable speed drives and ESP systems. Our subsea pumping systems also were used to boost produc- tion from the deepwater Jubarte, Espa- darte and Golfinho fields. Our chemical services division was recognized for its successful treatment program on the Espadarte Floating Production, Storage and Offloading (FPSO) vessel, addressing oil/water separation, bacteria, corrosion and scale.
In Colombia, Baker Hughes managed two successful integrated operations proj- ects for a local operator, while providing drill bits, directional drilling, drilling fluids and wireline logging services. We also began work on a demanding Through Tubing Rotary Drilling (TTRD) re-entry pro- gram for an international oil company. During the year, our drilling fluids division expanded its operations in the country. Our artificial lift division strengthened its position as the leading electric submers- ible pumping (ESP) system supplier and provided innovative high-horsepower sur- face pumping solutions for a major water flood project.
Baker Hughes made strides to increase its share in Mexico by providing a variety of completions and intervention systems.
$350 $300 $250 $200 $150 $100
$50
                     
   Baker Hughes deepwater technology includes drill bits, drilling and LWD sys- tems, and drilling fluids optimized for difficult applications like drilling through salt. A full range of completion technol- ogies enable sustained, well productivity. Our chemical services and subsea booster systems assure reliable, high flow from deepwater wells.
     
   Baker Hughes has unique capabilities in delivering systems for harsh environment wells with high temperatures and pres- sures. Our Center for Technology Innova- tion is focused on new technology and materials for HPHT, deepwater and sand control applications. The laboratory cell shown here can test equipment at 700°F and 40,000 psi.
     
2008 Annual Report 9
 Baker Hughes remains committed to being a leading technology innovator in the oilfield service industry.
In 2008, we increased our investment in research and engineering to $426 million, up 15% from 2007. More than 60% of this investment was for projects to develop new technology.
 Our completions group applied its EQUAL- IZERTM inflow control device to increase oil production from a horizontal well in the Cantarell field. In mid-year, Pemex awarded Baker Hughes a major integrated project for the drilling and completion of 15 wells in its Marine Region. The project is sched- uled to begin during the first half of 2009.
Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian
Revenue in our Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian region grew 10% to $3.39 billion in 2008 from $3.08 billion in 2007. Operating profit before tax increased 7% to $735 million in 2008 from $685 million in 2007. Pretax operating margin was 22% for both 2008 and 2007.
During the year, activity in the Norwe- gian North Sea held steady, and Baker Hughes maintained its strong relationship with StatoilHydro. We set new drilling records using integrated systems and installed Intelligent Well SystemsTM for
this customer in three subsea wells. Baker Hughes also gained a major five-year con- tract with BP Norway for directional drill- ing, fluids, completions and wireline logging services.
Activity suffered in the U.K. sector, as smaller operators were impacted by the financial crisis and declining oil prices. Opportunities still exist in the mature North Sea fields for our technology and services directed at optimizing production.
Baker Hughes’ business in North Africa increased as we managed a six-rig inte- grated operations project in Algeria, while providing a full range of drilling, evalua- tion and completion services in fields throughout the country. We increased our presence in Libya, performing wireline logging services, installing permanent monitoring instruments, and obtaining a significant order for 2.4 million feet of cable for ESP systems.
Business in West Africa continued to grow. In Angola, we delivered integrated drilling services including drill bits, rotary steerable systems and LWD services to several clients and gained drill bit market share in Cabinda. Our permanent moni- toring group installed equipment in its 100th well in the Kizomba field during
the year. Activity increased in Congo,
and Baker Hughes participated by provid- ing ESP systems, liner hangers, and well remediation services. We performed com- pletion and pumping services on a deep- water well off Ghana. Although activity in Nigeria was dampened in the second half by weather and project-related delays, Baker Hughes is preparing a new facility to service the country’s deepwater market.
After a strong first half, oilfield activity in Russia declined significantly in the wake of the credit crisis and lower oil prices. Earlier in the year, Baker Hughes set extended reach drilling records from Sakh- alin Island, and increased its capabilities to service ESP systems, gaining a significant order from a national oil company. Our completions group introduced its EQUAL- IZERTM system in the Vankor field in East- ern Siberia, and we gained business in wireline logging and specialty chemicals. By the end of the year, the Russian oilfield was significantly impacted by the global economic slowdown. Baker Hughes believes that, because of Russia’s huge reserve base, the market for oilfield ser- vices in the country has great long-term potential. We will continue to position ourselves for growth in Russia by adding facilities and developing our local staff.
Middle East, Asia Pacific
In the Middle East, Asia Pacific region, revenue increased 8% to $2.17 billion in 2008 from $2.01 billion in 2007. Operat- ing profit of $443 million was 6% lower than the $470 million recorded in 2007. Pretax operating margin for 2008 was 20% compared to 23% for 2007.
Early in the year, Baker Hughes held the grand opening of a major new facility in Dubai, which serves as an important resource for the company’s business in the Middle East and the entire Eastern Hemisphere. The facility includes our regional headquarters, an operations hub, an education center and a screen manu- facturing plant.
Saudi Arabia accounted for the largest portion of our business in the Middle East in 2008. Baker Hughes continued its lead- ership in PDC drill bits with the introduc- tion of the new QuantecTM bit line to the
$1,000 $900 $800 $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 $0
Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian Revenues
2006–2008, by Quarter
(In millions)
2006 2007 2008
                        
10 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 The fastest growing Completion and Production product lines in 2008 were our specialty chemical and artificial lift divisions, which focus on the producing well market and were less affected by the decline in rig activity in the sec- ond half of the year.
 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
Middle East, Asia Pacific Revenues 2006–2008, by Quarter (In millions)
2006 2007
kingdom. We continued to provide direc- tional drilling and LWD services for hori- zontal wells, and developed and introduced a new 4-3/4” magnetic reso- nance LWD service in conjunction with Saudi Aramco. Our borehole seismic group also was active in the country, per- forming its largest deployment to date of its Borehole StreamerTM digital system.
In the United Arab Emirates, our direc- tional drilling group set drilling records for Dubai Petroleum as part of a three-year contract awarded during the year. Our completions group received a contract for 150 reactive element packers for develop- ment projects throughout the U.A.E., and our artificial lift division delivered dual ESP systems for four subsea wells offshore Abu Dhabi.
Other Middle East highlights included our growing fluids and artificial lift busi- nesses in Kuwait, multilateral and large- diameter completions in Qatar, and a long-term artificial lift contract in Oman.
In China, our directional drilling and LWD service enabled Devon Energy to successfully complete a 58-well program in the South China Sea. Our fluids tech- nology also contributed to a successful extended reach drilling campaign in the same offshore basin. In Bohai Bay, we applied advanced directional drilling, gyro-MWD, coring and multilateral com- pletion technology on several projects for international operators. Our UltraMaxTM TriconeTM bits were used onshore China to improved drilling efficiency for a national oil company.
In Australia, our directional drilling division re-entered the market as our wireline logging group provided services on a deepwater exploration well and logged a high pressure/high temperature well on land. Our fluids division helped
a customer drill its first “zero discharge” offshore well, and rapidly deployed 27 liq- uid mud plant tanks to support another client’s carbon sequestration demonstra- tion project.
Investing in People
Baker Hughes added approximately 4,000 people to its workforce in 2008 as we responded to growing activity in the first half of the year. However, by early 2009 we implemented targeted staff reductions, which were necessary to adapt to the deteriorating market. Never- theless, we remain committed to a diverse and highly skilled workforce that matches the diversity of our customers. We are focused on bringing more women into the company in roles of responsibility. Even during the downturn, we plan to continue our college recruiting efforts and our train- ing of young engineers to attract and develop the future leaders of our company.
Compliance
Since April 2007, when we entered into a Consent Judgment with the Securi- ties and Exchange Commission and a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the Department of Justice covering FCPA violations that occurred before 2002, we have worked with an indepen- dent monitor to upgrade and enhance compliance activities within the company. The DPA is expected to expire in April 2009, and we will continue to work with the monitor into 2010.
Over the past several years Baker Hughes has made significant progress in developing and reinforcing a corporate culture based on integrity and perfor- mance, which requires all employees to conduct our business in a completely compliant manner.
While compliance is every employee’s responsibility, we have established a pro- fessional Ethics and Compliance group within our legal department to guide and implement our compliance program under the direction of the Audit/Ethics commit- tee of the Board of Directors, our General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and our independent monitor. Baker Hughes remains committed to a rigorous, long- term compliance program.
General McCall Retires from Board
General James F. McCall will retire from our Board of Directors in April 2009. General McCall has served on our board
                   2008
 
    To help oil and gas companies maximize recovery from mature fields, Baker Hughes electric submersible pumping systems are engineered to run reliably in harsh downhole environments. Intelli- gent Well Systems adjust flow patterns in response to changing reservoir condi- tions. Surface pumping units enable water flooding for enhanced recovery. Engineered chemical services help con- trol many problems, from corrosion to oil/water separation.
      
12 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 Baker Hughes is well positioned to build for the future during a temporary slowdown in activity. While many companies in our industry face a shortage of capital, our strong balance sheet gives us financial flexibility to pursue opportunities, including potential acquisitions, as we continue to invest in growth.
  The Baker Hughes executive management team includes (left to right): Martin S. Craig- head, Vice President and Group President, Drilling and Evaluation; Peter A. Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; David H. Barr, Vice President and Group President, Completion and Production; Chad C. Deaton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Derek Mathieson, Vice President and Chief Technology and Marketing Officer; Didier Charreton, Vice President, Human Resources; and Alan R. Crain, Senior Vice President and General Counsel.
for 12 years. He has served as chairman of the Audit/Ethics Committee, and most recently he was a member of the Audit/ Ethics and Governance Committees.
We have appreciated his wise counsel to Baker Hughes and wish him a happy retirement.
Outlook
The Outlook for 2009 has weakened and remains uncertain. The deepening global recession, lower oil and natural gas prices, and reduced access to credit are negatively impacting customer spending in every region. Many international oil companies have trimmed their exploration plans, shifting priority to production and development spending. In North America, operators have reduced their budgets in response to an oversupplied natural gas market. We expect the average North America rig count to decline 25% to 30% in 2009. Outside North America,
we expect a drop of 10% to 15% in
the average rig count for the year.
The depth and duration of the
cycle remain uncertain. Recovery of the upstream industry will largely depend
on the condition of the global economy. In the long term, significantly higher exploration and development activity
will be needed to offset production declines and ultimately grow energy sup- plies. As the economy recovers, demand for our technology and service will recover in parallel.
Baker Hughes is well positioned to build for the future during a temporary slowdown in activity. While many compa- nies in our industry face a shortage of capital, our strong balance sheet, which enabled us to successfully issue a large bond offering in the fourth quarter of 2008, gives us financial flexibility to pursue opportunities, including potential acquisi- tions. We will continue to invest in research and engineering, employee development, reservoir-related capabilities and infrastruc- ture, particularly in the Eastern Hemi- sphere, so that we will emerge from this cycle a stronger, global competitor.
At the same time, we will continue to be responsible stewards of our stockhold- ers’ money. We are monitoring short-term activity and will adjust our capital spend- ing as the market dictates. We also expect to reduce our working capital require- ments through improved efficiencies across our supply chain.
In closing, I would like to thank our stockholders and customers for their con- fidence in Baker Hughes in a record year in 2008 and now in more difficult times.
We also need to recognize the contri- butions of our employees. Over its long history, Baker Hughes has successfully managed many business cycles because of the ingenuity, hard work and dedica- tion of our people. We count on their support in continuing this tradition.
Sincerely,
Chad C. Deaton Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  