 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
In 2003, Baker Hughes continued to execute on several fundamental strategies including a focus on the oilfield, a commit- ment to Best-in-Class products and ser- vices, and financial and capital discipline. As a result, we increased revenue and maintained operating profit despite cau- tious investment by our customers, shifting markets and strong competition.
During the year, the Baker Hughes senior management team developed and refined a long term strategy for the com- pany, which enhanced and validated the company’s strategic direction. We also pro- gressed toward building our high perfor- mance culture by continuing to reinforce the central role of our Core Values in the way we do business.
Revenues were up 8% for the year at $5.3 billion, compared to $4.9 billion in 2002. Operating profit after tax (before non- operational charges) was $330.2 million in 2003, up from $316.4 million in 2002. See the “Selected Financial Highlights” for rec- onciliation of operating profit after tax to income from continuing operations.
We recorded after tax charges totaling $105.9 million related to our 30% minority interest in our WesternGeco seismic ven- ture for the impairment of its seismic library
and rationalization of its seismic fleet.
We also recorded an after tax charge of $45.3 million to reduce the carrying value of our equity investment in WesternGeco.
After these charges and other adjust- ments, net income was $128.9 million, compared to $168.9 million in 2002.
2003 Market Activity
Even though oil and natural gas prices were relatively high throughout 2003, our customers invested cautiously due in part to the conflict in the Middle East and ongoing concern about the global econ- omy. Both factors contributed to uncer- tainty regarding the sustainability of these high prices. However, prices showed stay- ing power and the worldwide rotary rig count ended the year up 19%, with most of the increase coming from land rigs drilling for gas in North America. Drilling activity in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea – historically two of Baker Hughes’ strongest markets – declined dur- ing the year as deepwater projects were delayed and major operators in the U.K. and Norway focused on opportunities out- side these areas.
Oilfield Highlights
Total Oilfield revenue grew 8% during the year, and our oilfield divisions achieved
  This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Michael E. Wiley, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “sched- uled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to iden- tify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2003. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organi- zations or relationships.
 2 | Baker Hughes Incorporated
 
2003 Annual Report | 3
  >>>Leading in Service
a combined 14.2% operating margin (operating profit before tax as a percent- age of revenue), the result of product line focus, cost management and new product introductions in a competitive market. The contribution to our revenue from products introduced within the last three years con- tinues to be significant, an indication that the market has validated our strategic commitment to Best-in-Class technology. This trend is evident in all our divisions.
Hughes Christensen had one of its best years with strong revenue growth based on continued leadership in Tricone® drill bits and the ongoing, highly successful launch of the GenesisTM PDC drill bit line. Custom-engineered Genesis bits set drilling
“Our Reservoir Characterization Instrument SM service saves rig time and delivers quality information to our clients,” says Bob Gordon, Product Line Manager, Baker Atlas. “Enhancements to this leading service helped us gain deepwater business in Brazil, the North Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico.”
performance records in production basins throughout the world. Hughes Christensen worked with our INTEQ division to develop specific Genesis bit designs to optimize performance on the AutoTrak® rotary steer- able system and other new drilling systems developed by INTEQ. Hughes Christensen’s reductions in manufacturing cycle times and inventories also contributed to achiev- ing the best margin performance of all
our divisions.
 
  >>>Leading in Technology
“Hughes Christensen’s Genesis TM PDC drill bits have set drilling performance records in oilfields throughout the world,” says Mark Dykstra, Ph.D., Diamond Product Manager. “One success factor is our leading engineering process that designs the right drill bit for each application.”
Baker Atlas had its best year ever in revenues and margins thanks in part to successful new technology commercializa- tion, steady pricing discipline, new market penetration, and building a consistent global brand. During 2003, Baker Atlas introduced enhancements to its Reservoir Characterization InstrumentSM service that helped gain important deepwater business in Brazil, the North Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico. The division launched the FOCUS system, a high-efficiency, premium technol- ogy for land-based logging, and formed VSFusion, a joint venture with Compagnie
Générale de Géophysique (CGG), for borehole seismic processing. Baker Atlas implemented a Global Product Initiative to help field operations achieve their objectives for pricing and asset utilization. In addition, Baker Atlas began opera- tions in Chile, India, Equatorial Guinea and Morocco.
In a record year for revenues and prof- its, Centrilift had outstanding perfor- mance in every major operating region, adding to its artificial lift product line and extending the application of its electric submersible pumps (ESPs). With Centrilift’s emphasis on increasing oil production rates, the division’s performance in North America benefited from sustained high commodity prices. In addition, the divi- sion’s Latin American operations overcame challenging conditions in Venezuela and
  4 | Baker Hughes Incorporated
 
2003 Annual Report | 5
 Argentina to achieve strong financial results. Centrilift revenue grew throughout the Eastern Hemisphere with strong per- formance in Russia and significant growth in the Middle East, China and Australia.
Sales of the division’s LIFTEQTM progress- ing cavity pumps reached significant levels in 2003 with installation of both electric submersible and rod driven systems in hundreds of wells with abrasive and vis- cous crude. In the Gulf of Mexico, North Sea and Australia, Centrilift installed ESP systems to enhance production from off- shore platforms and subsea wells, which previously would have employed gas
lift completions.
Baker Petrolite achieved new mile- stones in 2003, most notably an all-time high revenue performance. The division continued to be a leading provider of engi- neered solutions and innovative chemical programs to control corrosion, scale, paraf- fin and hydrates in oil and gas wells, pro- duction facilities, pipelines and refineries. For the first time ever, Baker Petrolite’s rev- enues outside the United States exceeded domestic revenues as a result of its inter- national expansion strategy. International specialty chemical markets continue to pre- sent opportunities for growth in all phases of our customers’ operations – upstream, midstream and downstream. Baker Petrolite’s “EXCELerate Create and Capture Value” initiative has improved margins by instilling pricing focus across all product and service lines.
The division’s Pipeline Management Group (PMG) added “smart-pig” in-line inspection capabilities by acquiring the Cornerstone Pipeline Inspection Group (CPIG). This new service strengthens
PMG’s offering of pipeline integrity services to the world’s aging pipeline systems.
INTEQ had a challenging year in 2003. While revenues grew 6%, margins were impacted by declining activity in the high- end North Sea and Gulf of Mexico regions where INTEQ has historically had healthy revenues. Startup costs associated with introducing new logging-while-drilling (LWD) technology also hurt results for the year. Despite these setbacks, INTEQ made important achievements in 2003. The AutoTrak® rotary steerable drilling system reached a cumulative 8.5 million feet of hole drilled, and the new AutoTrak G3 sys- tem was complemented by the APLS-EliteSM nuclear and Acoustic Properties eXplorerSM LWD systems in an integrated drilling/for- mation evaluation bottomhole assembly. INTEQ applied this complete system suc- cessfully in the North Sea, West Africa and deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The VertiTrak® vertical drilling system also found wide customer acceptance, with successful operations in Canada, Europe, Latin America and Russia.
INTEQ Drilling Fluids expanded its Fluids Environmental Service, strengthening its waste management capabilities. INTEQ Drilling Fluids also conducted deepwater operations on significant projects in the Gulf of Mexico, Europe, West Africa and Asia.
Baker Oil Tools revenues increased 2% in 2003. Declines in the premium North Sea and Gulf of Mexico markets and intense competition for well completions prevented margin improvement. Baker Oil Tools made gains in expandable comple- tions with deployment of EXPressTM Expandable Sand Control Systems and the introduction of a proprietary adjustable
Return on Assets
2001–2003, by Quarter (Annualized operating profit after tax, divided by long-term assets)
16% 14% 12% 10%
8% 6% 4% 2%
0% 2001 2002 2003
                       
 Revenue per Employee
2001–2003, by Quarter (In thousands)
$45
$40
$35
$30
swage expansion system. Baker Oil
Tools also deployed a variety of Intelligent Well Systems® including an all-electric InChargeTM system for a national oil com- pany in Brazil’s deepwater Campos Basin, a hydraulic InForceTM system in a subsea well in the Gulf of Mexico, and an InForceTM sys- tem, combined with a LIFTEQTM ESPCP from Centrilift, in a multilateral well in Oman. Based on these successes, Baker Oil Tools was awarded the intelligent well system development contract for a major deepwa- ter project in the Gulf of Mexico.
Baker Oil Tools also gained market share in deepwater and high pressure/high tem- perature completions in the Gulf of Mexico, Canada, Egypt and Venezuela, and contin- ued to set records for horizontal sand con- trol completions in Norway and the U.K.
High Performance Culture
For the past three years we have
been building a high performance culture within Baker Hughes based on our Core Values and Keys to Success. By fostering a culture that shares these values, we believe we can create sustainable competitive advantage. Our Core Values are Integrity, Teamwork, Performance and Learning. Integrity is our first Core Value, and we continue our commitment to ensure integrity remains the cornerstone of our individual and corporate actions. We are committed to the highest principles of transparent corporate governance, and
to compliance with all laws and regula- tions. Baker Hughes has numerous pro- grams to help our employees worldwide develop a more thorough understanding of our Business Code of Conduct, the requirements of our Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act Policy, and our system of internal controls.
Long Term Strategy
An important accomplishment in 2003 was the development of a long term strategic framework for Baker Hughes, aimed at creating value for stockholders throughout the business cycle and growing faster while achieving superior margins compared to our major competitors.
As we developed the framework, we confirmed our strategic focus on the oil- field and on our product-line-focused organization, which delivers Best-in-Class products and services across a broad spec- trum of oilfield markets. Our executive team also identified three core competen- cies that will reinforce our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. These include: product development, commercialization and life cycle management; manufacturing and product quality; and service quality.
Our strategic framework acknowledges the ongoing shift of oilfield investment away from traditional North American and North Sea markets to more challenging areas with brighter prospects for our Best- in-Class products and services, primarily in the Eastern Hemisphere. In addition, we have renewed our commitment to serving our national oil company customers as they utilize our technology and services in developing significant new reserves and optimizing production from older fields.
Oilfield Focus
The recent disposition of the remaining operating division of our former Process segment further increased Baker Hughes’ focus on the oilfield services market.
$55
$50
                    2001 2002 2003
 6 | Baker Hughes Incorporated
 
>>>Leading in Reliability and
Performance
2003 Annual Report | 7
   The sale of BIRD Machine to Group Andritz of Austria, completed in January 2004, makes Baker Hughes the only major ser- vice company with such a concentrated oilfield focus.
Financial Flexibility
Baker Hughes continued to maintain its financial flexibility in 2003 by exercising capital discipline and cost control. Since 1999, we have reduced debt by $1.4 bil- lion, and at the end of 2003 our debt-to- capitalization ratio was 31%. Cash flow from operations enabled us to retire debt, pay dividends, repurchase stock and make acquisitions in 2003.
We use Baker Value Added, our mea- sure of returns relative to our cost of
“Centrilift’s leading performance in challenging applications is based on our excel- lence in ESP system design, manufacturing, testing and installation,” say Janislene Ferreira, Applications Engineer and Eugene Bespalov, Business Development Manager. “This success helped us win important contracts to supply ESP systems for subsea and deepwater projects.”
capital, to evaluate equipment and project investments, and we continue to look for ways to improve performance through opportunities that lower costs, reduce capacity, or increase our ability to obtain fair prices.
Outlook
Looking ahead, we expect another year of growth in 2004 with an increase of 5–7% in worldwide exploration and

 production investment. We anticipate another good year for North American land drilling targeted at natural gas, while off- shore activity in the Gulf of Mexico should remain relatively flat. International activity is expected to increase 5–7% for the year.
We are prepared to leverage any oppor- tunities that 2004 may offer. As an enter- prise, Baker Hughes shares a common high-performance culture, and is aligned to execute our long-range strategy. Our six operating divisions will provide Best-in- Class technology, serving our traditional markets and new ones, while delivering unmatched value for our customers.
Andy Szescila Retires
At the end of 2003, Andrew J. Szescila, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, retired after 33 years with the company. He began his distinguished career as a field engineer, and later served as president of three different operating divisions. His broad knowledge and experi- ence were instrumental in establishing the company’s Best-in-Class position. We thank Andy for his leadership and dedication, and wish him an enjoyable retirement.
Rod Clark named President & COO
In February 2004, James R. “Rod” Clark was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Baker Hughes Incorporated. Rod is a person who embod- ies our Core Values, has great breadth and depth of experience and has a track record of superior performance and leadership. He joined Baker Hughes in 2001 as President of Baker Petrolite. Since August of last year, Rod has served as Vice President of Marketing and Technology. During his 25 years of industry experience, he was President of Sperry-Sun, a Halliburton company, and held financial, operational and leadership positions with FMC Corporation, Schlumberger, and Grace Energy Corporation.
Richard Kinder’s Service
Richard D. Kinder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kinder Morgan, Inc. and Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, LP, will retire from our Board of Directors effective April 28, 2004. Rich joined the Baker Hughes board in 1994, and has been a member of our Finance Committee and chairman of our Compensation Committee. We would like to thank him for his service to Baker Hughes.
Finally, I would like to thank our cus- tomers for selecting Baker Hughes, our stockholders for recognizing the strength of our business and investing in it, and our employees for their commitment that has made Baker Hughes a leader in our industry.
Michael E. Wiley, Chairman and CEO
   Alan R. Crain, Jr., Vice President and General Counsel; Steve Finley, Senior Vice President – Finance
and Administration and Chief Financial Officer; Rod Clark, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael E. Wiley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Nakanishi, Vice President, Human Resources.
 8 | Baker Hughes Incorporated
 