 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
After years of growth, 2015 was an increasingly challenging year marked by retrenchment, recalibration, transition and transformation in the global oil and gas industry as the sector wrestled with the impact of a supply-demand imbalance causing oil prices to drop to seven-year lows by the end of the year.
 Martin Craighead
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
As a result of these industry dynamics, customer activity and spending declined significantly throughout 2015, which was reflected in the 46% decline in the global rig count since the fourth quarter of 2014. While
the decline in the North American market was most severe, this has truly been a global downturn.
The entire oilfield services industry was negatively affected by these spending cuts as the customer community increasingly focused on reducing
costs and preserving cash flow. This environment likewise had a negative impact on our results as Baker Hughes reported a revenue decline of 36% to $15.7 billion in 2015 compared to 2014. On a GAAP basis, Baker Hughes reported a net loss for 2015 of $2 billion ($4.49 per diluted share),
versus net income of $1.7 billion ($3.92 per diluted share) in 2014.
Given the difficult market conditions throughout 2015, we took significant actions to align our business and cost structure with the market environment,
while ensuring that the company’s competitive position remained strong. We also incurred merger-related costs as we worked to close our pending business combination with Halliburton and plan for a successful integration. Excluding these one-time charges, adjusted net loss (a non- GAAP measure) for 2015 was $209 million ($0.48 per diluted share).
Knowing that the market environment was fluid and would remain challenging throughout the year,
we managed the company with a quarter-to-quarter focus, adapting to the rapidly changing environment. In short, we focused on controlling those factors within our control, such as efficiently managing our cost structure, strengthening our cash performance and balance sheet, improving
capital discipline, and delivering innovative solutions and outstanding performance to our customers.
In spite of the revenue headwinds, we were able to contain losses by taking actions to reduce costs companywide,

 in every phase of our business. The most difficult decisions have been the significant workforce reductions that were required to adjust our cost structure to be
in line with revenue opportunities and profitability objectives. Yet, I am pleased that our workforce has remained engaged, focused on customers, committed
to achieving our business and financial objectives, and steadfast in its dedication to compliance and safety.
One of the ways in which I can see this collective engagement and dedication is through our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) performance. In this area, 2015 was a record year for Baker Hughes
with 146 “Perfect HSE Days” in which we had no injuries, environmental releases or vehicle accidents. Considering the many potential distractions our employees face, I am heartened by this performance and we are focused on continuing this trend in 2016.
While we are working diligently to improve profitability, to comply with the merger agreement with Halliburton and in preparation for the combined Baker Hughes/ Halliburton entity we have retained certain costs,
which in the fourth quarter of 2015 exceeded 300 basis points, or in excess of ($0.16) earnings-per-share impact. This is the right approach to ensure that the proposed combination has the best foundation for success.
In addition to reducing costs, one of our biggest priorities in 2015 was to continue to strengthen our balance sheet–in particular, our cash performance–and we made significant progress in this area. We generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow* during the year, and that total would have been $1.7 billion when you consider the approximately $450 million in restructuring payments we made during the year. This compares to $1.6 billion of free cash flow in 2014.
 The LEAP adaptive production system
*Free cash flow is defined as net cash flows provided by operating activities less disbursements for capital expenditures plus proceeds from disposal of assets.

 One of the drivers of our free cash flow performance resulted from our reduction in capital spending from $1.8 billion in 2014 to $1 billion in 2015, a 46% reduction, as we scrutinized investments to ensure the best possible return and alignment with market opportunities, while continuing to make sure we are competitively well-positioned for the long term. This diligent focus on spending will continue in 2016.
The outcome we achieved on cash performance
is the result of our cost reduction initiatives, commitment to capital discipline and solid progress on initiatives to improve working capital, and these efforts will remain priorities in the year ahead.
Even with this disciplined approach to spending, our product pipeline remained robust in 2015. We introduced more than 200 new products last year, with revenue generated from these products exceeding $900 million in comparison to 2014’s record-setting $1 billion. When you consider that operators have reduced spending industry-wide by about 50% compared to 2014, the magnitude of this accomplishment becomes apparent.
Being the technology enthusiast that I am, I could probably spend an entire letter talking about our products. But, for the sake of brevity, I will highlight four from 2015.
The LEAPTM adaptive production system was installed in December 2015 and is delivering 300% greater oil production and 200% greater natural gas production at the first field trial compared to the previous artificial lift solution. The downhole system consists of a positive displacement pump, which can be installed
to sit deeper in a well than traditional rod pumps, a submersible linear electromagnetically actuated motor, which drives the pump and eliminates the need for
the long rod string (a primary source of failure in rod
lift systems), and a sensor, which provides pressure and temperature data to help ensure the highest level of production optimization and system longevity.
CENesis PHASETM multiphase encapsulated production solution helps operators avoid production interruptions in unconventional wells. Designed to separate natural gas from the oil stream before it can enter an electrical submersible pumping (ESP) system, the solution mitigates production downtime and potential ESP performance issues, which can ultimately improve reserve recovery.
FATHOMTM XT SUBSEA 525 inhibitor helps control asphaltene deposition in deepwater wells, providing better flow assurance and reducing remediation costs by minimizing the risk of blockages in production lines and equipment. This product can help prevent deposits inside pumps and pipes that create serious production issues such as plugged flow lines and clogged equipment, reducing the need to stop operations and perform costly procedures to get production back online at acceptable levels.
SPECTRETM disintegrating frac plug is the first in the industry to completely disintegrate downhole after fracturing, enabling increased efficiency and maximized flexibility in plug-and-perf completions. The plug offers the same flexible stage placement as traditional plugs, but its ability to completely disintegrate downhole results in accelerated completion times, and lower costs and risks. It also leaves behind an unobstructed fullbore production inside diameter for maximum flow area and simplified access.
These commercial advancements demonstrate our capabilities in helping our customers solve their
most complex challenges. As you would expect, with market conditions being what they are, our customers

 understandably are trying to maximize as much oil and gas production as possible from their existing assets at the lowest possible cost. In helping our customers meet these objectives, for example, Baker Hughes
is fortunate to be able to offer an outstanding value proposition with our Artificial Lift and Production Chemicals product lines. These are very good and strategic businesses to have in this type of market environment.
Likewise, there are some markets globally that are more stable and resilient than others. We will continue to focus our efforts in these areas in the near term while remaining prepared to capitalize when the broader market recovers and demand improves for a broader range of services, and in more parts of the world.
As to when that recovery will occur, it remains tough to say. History tells us that it will do so, and I firmly believe that. However, there are too many variables–ranging from geopolitical dynamics to economic growth concerns in key markets–to predict when supply and demand
will normalize. If commodity prices remain in the same range as we have seen during the early months of 2016, we could see global rig counts decline by another 30% this year on top of last year’s decline. Therefore, we will continue to focus in the near term on cash generation and improving profitability by efficiently managing costs and opportunistically seeking revenue opportunities.
I remain confident that we will meet these challenges head on. Not only because of Baker Hughes’ outstanding products and capabilities but because
of the experience of an engaged management team that has been through these down cycles before
and is once again responding to the challenge.
Finally, one of our biggest areas of focus in 2015, which continues in 2016, has been our efforts to complete
the Halliburton transaction. Undoubtedly, you are also aware of the lawsuit by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), filed in April 2016, to block the combination. The companies believe that the DOJ has reached the wrong conclusion in its assessment of the transaction and intend to vigorously contest this action.
As we continue to work toward closing the transaction, I remain proud of the efforts of the entire Baker Hughes team in supporting the regulatory review process in jurisdictions around the world and working on the integration plans.
In closing, while 2015 was extremely challenging for the industry and those challenges are continuing this year,
I feel very optimistic about the path forward–for our company and for our industry. I want to emphasize that
our company’s Purpose–Enabling safe, affordable energy, improving people’s lives–is more relevant today than it ever has been. Our commitment to this Purpose is unwavering.
Martin Craighead
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 