        letter to shareholders from the ceo
        Martin Craighead
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    2014 revenue
by segment
     north america 49% latin america 9% europe / africa / russia caspian 18% middle east / asia pacific 18% industrial services 6%
         to our shareholders
In so many ways, 2014 was a pivotal
year for Baker Hughes. We delivered record financial performance, including double- digit revenue growth, increased margins, and the highest free cash flow in the history of this company. We returned $600 million to shareholders via a share buyback program and we increased the dividend
to 64 from 60 cents per share.
We accelerated product development and introduced a number
of game-changing new technologies that are entirely reshaping the economics of our industry. We also set a higher bar for health
and safety, and we continue to position Baker Hughes as the industry’s champion for sustainability. And we punctuated the year by negotiating the largest business combination transaction in the history of the oilfield services industry with Halliburton.
    3
 
       Efficient Well Construction.
Redefining technical limits
  We’re certainly pleased with these outcomes and we know that they’re critical milestones on our path.
We also know that they’re built
on something that can’t be measured on a balance sheet. It’s a new energy.
At the heart of this new energy
is our understanding that our role, both in our industry and on
the world stage, has expanded
far beyond that of being simply
a service provider.
Today, working interdependently with our customers and our commu- nities, we make energy available
to the world, safely and affordably, so that lives are transformed and prosperity thrives. We believe in this purpose so strongly that we have formalized it and made it part of
our culture.
Our purpose shapes our strategy, which is focused on creating value not only for our customers,
our industry, and our shareholders, but also for worldwide energy consumers.
In 2014, we leveraged our strength in technology innovation and our global supply chain to deliver differ- entiating new products and services designed to solve our customers’ most pressing challenges by trans- forming their workflows around:
Efficient well construction Optimized well production Improved ultimate recovery
To deliver on this strategy, we considered new possibilities, challenged traditional thinking, and committed to achieving positive outcomes.
We put muscle behind innovation, making a step change in the pace of commercialization.
We relentlessly focused on execution, managing our business more efficiently. And, more
important, we did it the right way – by simultaneously improving
the sustainability of our industry.
As always, we maintained our
focus on financial results, and were encouraged by improvements in our operating margins and returns on capital. We know, however,
that we have more work to do
in these areas.
In all, the outcome of these strategies was approximately 60% growth in earnings per share
over the prior year, and another successful chapter in the proud history of Baker Hughes.
earnings from technology
The need to improve the economics of energy production led us to commercialize more than 160 new products – or one new product every 55 hours!
       4
 
        Technologies within their first 12 months of commercialization earned more than $1 billion in revenue – a 20% increase over 2013 results and a testament to the “operationalizing innovation” process we pioneered during the year.
The outcomes of the process reflect some of the industry’s most ground- breaking, and Baker Hughes’ most lucrative, technologies and solutions:
The SHADOWTM frac plug leverages our strengths in
both completion systems and materials science to eliminate the need for milling out plugs following well completions.
In 2014, sales for the SHADOWTM frac plug grew exponentially quarter to quarter.
The FASTrakTM logging-while- drilling fluid analysis and sampling service – the world’s only commercially available service of its type – saw strong demand in exploration markets and was deployed in 13 countries.
The ProductionWaveTM flexible production solution, which came to market in 2013 at exactly
the right time at the right price point, has now been deployed
in approximately 5,000 wells
– primarily in North America, but with a growing number of installations in international markets. Its success helped to make artificial lift our fastest- growing business in 2014.
earnings from execution
Beyond technology, our operating segments delivered strong growth and increased margins from
a relentless focus on execution.
In North America, we saw the positive outcome of a multi-year plan to transform our pressure pumping business. We modernized our supply chain. We deployed new technologies that improved wellsite efficiencies. And we pursued more contracts with larger, more efficient customers. In the fourth quarter, this plan paid off, with margins in our U.S. pressure pumping business at their highest levels in three years.
We also recognize that our high-technology product offerings are well suited to deepwater operations, where service reliability is paramount. During the year,
we expanded our share of well construction business, with significant contract awards in Brazil, Norway, Angola, and the Middle East.
At the same time, we made some hard decisions about businesses that weren’t generating satisfactory returns.
In Iraq, our decision to demobilize on a major contract contributed to better margins in our Middle East/Asia Pacific region. Shutting down our onshore operations
in Libya and reorganizing our North
  Optimized Well Production.
Building on our portfolio and commercializing new solutions
         5
 
        Improved Ultimate Recovery.
Bringing the strength of our reservoir and geoscience expertise
    Africa geomarket delivered the highest fourth-quarter margins for that geomarket since its formation five years ago. In Venezuela, we made changes to our business model to reduce working capital exposure.
We also grew our industrial segment and increased our capabilities through the acquisition of a complementary pipeline services business. In alignment with our strategy to help customers optimize production, Baker Hughes
has established a differentiating and very unique position in the midstream space, with capabilities in process and pipeline services, and downstream chemicals.
Our Subsea Production Alliance with Aker Solutions, which couples Aker’s strengths in subsea production and processing systems with our expertise in well comple- tions and artificial lift technology, became fully operational and began to develop integrated in-well
and subsea production solutions.
value from sustainability
Without a doubt, our most critical statistics are the ones around safety. I’m proud to report that
the HSE innovations we put in place in 2014 earned us our best safety performance in the company’s history, with fewer recordable injuries and fewer vehicle accidents.
Our “Perfect HSE Day” initiative continued to gain traction, as
we reached a total of 92 perfect days for the year – 40 more than the previous year.
But no measure of success in the program can offset the loss of life. In 2014, we lost three Baker Hughes colleagues in work-related vehicle accidents. These losses have led us to sharpen our focus on compliance and training,
and to concentrate all the more on achieving a “Perfect HSE Year.” It is simply our responsibility.
It is also our responsibility to understand our role as environ- mental stewards. We believe that we have a duty to provide the
    6
 
        total adjusted net income per share
2012 – 2014 By quaRteR
diluted
total revenue
2012 – 2014 By quaRteR
in Millions
                        $ 1.50 1.25 1.00 0.75 0.50 0.25
$ 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
                         2012 2013 2014
2012 2013
2014
   public with the information it wants and deserves. As part of our ongoing commitment to operating in a transparent and responsible way, we became the first company in the industry to disclose
the composition of our hydraulic fracturing fluids.
Environmental stewardship and social responsibility are a part of our culture, and we are committed to the ongoing expansion of envi- ronmental and sustainable practices across our operations. This dedication earned Baker Hughes the highest rating of any public company in the energy sector in Newsweek’s 2014 Green Rankings.
halliburton agreement
Late in 2014, we announced a
merger agreement between Baker Hughes and Halliburton. The pending merger, when closed, will bring our stockholders a meaningful premium to the trading price of Baker Hughes common stock on November 17, 2014 (the day the merger was announced) in the short term; and the long-term opportunity to own a valuable share in a larger, highly capable global combined company.
By combining two great companies that have delivered cutting-edge solutions to customers in the worldwide oil and gas industry for more than a century, we will
create a new world of opportunities to advance the development of technologies for our customers.
We envision a combined company capable of achieving opportunities that neither company would
have realized as effectively – or
as quickly – on its own, all while creating exciting new opportunities for employees.
looking ahead
Two thousand fourteen was also pivotal from a macro perspective. Late in the year, commodity prices began to fall, and we could see
the early rumblings of an industry downturn ahead.
We’ve been through rapidly evolving market conditions before, and
we know that the key to success
is to act swiftly and decisively.
We plan to leverage the talents and fresh perspectives of Kimberly Ross, who joined the executive team as chief financial officer, and Andrew Esparza, our new chief human resources officer, as we navigate the coming year. We also welcome Greg Brenneman and Bill Easter, both of whom joined the board of directors in 2014.
Although 2015 is going to be a challenging year for our industry, Baker Hughes is well-positioned both financially and strategically. Our plan is to remain so by proactively adapting to changing market conditions and by rapidly aligning our cost structure
with near-term activity levels.
We have already taken several deliberate steps to ensure this alignment, making the difficult decisions to close several facilities
across the world and to reduce our global workforce by approximately 7,000. We will continue to monitor market conditions closely and adjust quickly, never losing our focus
on delivering safe, reliable service.
Longer term, the outlook for our industry is strong. The world’s demand for energy will continue to climb and the methods of supplying it to the world will continue
to grow in complexity, requiring greater service intensity and more advanced technology.
Baker Hughes remains dedicated to relentlessly pursuing positive outcomes for the coming year and beyond.
Martin Craighead
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      7
 