tO OuR StOckhOldeRS
 Chad C. Deaton
in 2007, Baker hughes is celebrating a century of innovation and service to the oil and gas industry. Since 1907, when R. c. Baker invented a casing shoe that increased efficiency and reliability for early wildcatters, our engineers and scientists have served the industry by solving prob- lems for customers. today, Baker hughes carries on the tradition of Mr. Baker, howard hughes, Sr. and our other oil service pioneers whose creativity deliv- ered technology innovations that have helped our customers find, develop and produce oil and gas around the world.
Breakthrough technologies from Baker hughes and its predecessors include the first roller cone and Pdc drill bits, oil- field demulsifiers, controlled directional drilling, bullet perforating, production packers, neutron logging techniques, measurement-while-drilling, rotary steer- able drilling systems, and many other significant advances.
Baker hughes technologies have helped the industry evolve from wooden derricks drilling shallow, vertical wells to technically advanced activity in which floating platforms – with half-million dollar plus day rates – drill complex multilateral wells in some of the world’s harshest environments. today’s clients have a more urgent need than ever for the technology and reliability that Baker hughes products and services deliver.
Over the past century our organiza- tion has grown in both capability and scope. early in the 20th century our pre- decessor companies were primarily manu- facturers selling products to oil companies and drilling contractors. in the 1930s, oilfield services became a critical part of the energy industry, and their importance has increased with the sophistication of technology. the result of many acquisi- tions, today’s Baker hughes includes
leading technology in more than 50 prod- uct sectors in drilling, evaluation, comple- tion and production disciplines.
during its 100 years, Baker hughes has become a truly global company. We trace our roots to the early oilfields of california and texas, and over the cen- tury our products and services have been applied virtually everywhere that oil and gas are found. today, the company oper- ates in more than 90 countries. We are a diverse team, comprised of 34,600 men and women from more than 100 nation- alities. Sixty-four percent of our business takes place outside the united States, and we are building our capabilities in grow- ing markets around the world.
What will the wells of the future look like? as the industry targets more complex geologies, wells will be drilled in deeper water, and equipment will perform in more hostile environments. new technol- ogies will be applied to maximize recov- ery from both new and mature fields. tomorrow’s wells will be intelligent sys- tems that will adapt to changing condi- tions over the life of the reservoir. Baker hughes will play a leading role in making this exciting future a reality.
Record Year
in 2006, Baker hughes achieved record revenue and operating income. the com- pany as a whole had the highest profit margins in it’s history, reflecting stronger pricing in a year of high activity. all divi- sions set records for revenue and pre- tax profit. Revenue increased 26% and operating earnings per diluted share, a non-gaaP measure, increased 60% compared to 2005 results.
Baker hughes revenues were $9.03 bil- lion in 2006, compared to $7.19 billion in 2005. Operating earnings were $1.36 bil- lion or $4.10 per diluted share in 2006,
 | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

compared to $874 million or $2.56 per diluted share in 2005.
in the second quarter, the company recorded a non-operational, pre-tax gain of $1.74 billion ($1.04 billion after tax) on the sale of our 30% interest in Westerngeco, our seismic joint venture with Schlumberger limited, to Schlumberger for $2.4 billion in cash. including this gain, net income for 2006 was $2.42 billion or $7.27 per diluted share.
Our drilling and evaluation seg- ment reported record revenue and record operating margins of 27%. drilling and evaluation revenue was $4.66 billion for 2006, compared to $3.69 billion in 2005. Strong growth and incremental margins at inteQ and hughes christensen drove these results.
Our completion and Production seg- ment also had record revenue in 2006, with record operating margins of 22%. completion and Production revenue was $4.37 billion for 2006, compared to $3.49 billion in 2005.
in 2006, Baker Value added (BVa), our measure of stockholder wealth cre- ated, was nearly double the BVa for 2005. all operating divisions were BVa positive for the year.
Our strong results have given us unprecedented financial flexibility. today, we have the financial strength to invest in organic growth, make targeted acqui- sitions to improve our geographic foot- print and technology base, and return cash in excess of our needs to our stock- holders through dividends and repur- chases of our stock.
capital investment of $922 million in 2006 was almost double the amount spent in 2005. More than two-thirds of this investment was devoted to rental tools in global operations, one-quarter was used to expand manufacturing capacity, and the balance was used to build new facilities and to support our international expansion.
Baker hughes also repurchased
24.3 million shares of common stock in 2006, at an average price of $76.50 for a total of $1.86 billion. as of december 31, 2006, the company had authorization remaining to repurchase $345.5 million in common stock. On december 31, 2006, Baker hughes had 319.9 million shares outstanding and $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments.
Implementing our Strategy
in 2006, we extended the time hori- zon of our long Range Planning process to five years from three, to encourage a more strategic approach to building the company’s future. We reaffirmed our Strategic Framework to achieve our objective of building on our strengths
as a leader in oilfield services by focusing on financial performance, technology, reliability and execution, global presence, and people working in a high perfor- mance culture.
during the year, we continued to rein- force our high Performance culture based on the four core Values of integrity, teamwork, Performance and learning. these principles of the high Performance culture have been communicated and
In 006, Baker Hughes achieved record revenue and operating income. The com- pany as a whole had the highest profit margins in its history, reflecting stronger pricing in a year of high activity.
 This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in ”Risk Factors“ and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2006. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
2006 AnnuAl RepoRt | 

 4 | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

 1907
 In July 1907, R.C. Baker, a 34 year-old inventor and
entrepreneur in Coalinga, California, patented a cement- ing casing shoe that enabled drillers to efficiently cement casing in oil wells. This innovation launched the business that would become Baker Oil Tools and Baker Hughes Incorporated.
 1909
In 1908, Howard Hughes, Sr. and his partner Walter Sharp, built the first
two-cone bit, designed to enable rotary drilling in harder, deeper forma- tions, and tested it successfully in Goose Creek, Texas. In 1909, the Sharp & Hughes bit was granted a U.S. patent, and the partners
1911
formed the Sharp-Hughes Tool Company in Houston, Texas. After Walter Sharp died in 1912, Mr. Hughes purchased Sharp’s half of the business. The company was renamed Hughes Tool Company
in 1915.
  In December 1911, William Sidney Barnickel discovered a
chemical agent, a sulfate of iron, that could efficiently sepa- rate oil from water. In 1913 he applied this chemical to recover 56,000 barrels of oil from the oil/water mixture in the waste pits at the Caddo field in Oklahoma. Mr. Barnickel
patented his invention in 1914, outfitted a factory in
St. Louis, and sold the first two barrels of Tret-O-Lite®
demulsifier on November 17, 1917. On that day, the company that would become Baker Petrolite had begun commercial operations.

 1918
 In 1918, Mr. Baker became a manufac-
turer when he bought a machine shop in Coalinga, California. The shop had three employees and its entire floor space was only 3,400 square feet. The shop manufac- tured Baker Casing Shoes, Dump Bailers, Clean-Out Bailers and Cement Retainers, as well as other equipment that the com- pany had been licensed to produce.
 1929
1924
In 1924, Melvin DeGroote joined Tretolite as chief research
chemist. During his career, the company’s laboratory conducted more than a half million experiments on more than 93,000 compounds. By the time he retired from Petrolite in 1960,
DeGroote had earned 963 U.S. patents, making him the most prolific inventor of his era.
 In 1929, H. John Eastman introduced “controlled
directional drilling” in Huntington Beach, Califor- nia, using whipstocks and magnetic survey instru- ments to deflect the drill pipe from shore-based rigs to reach oil deposits offshore. In 1934, Eastman gained notoriety, and respect for directional drilling techniques, when he drilled the world’s first relief well to control a blowout in Conroe, Texas. INTEQ carries on the leadership in directional drilling established by the original Eastman Oilwell
Survey Company.

  adopted throughout the organization. Ongoing reinforcement of the corporate culture is critical, especially as we add new employees. Baker hughes increased its work- force by more than 5,500 people in 2006.
communicating and embracing a set of core Values is not enough to build a high Performance culture. consistent processes and actions also are required. in 2006, we implemented a new perfor- mance management system, which will be deployed across the enterprise in 2007. this system will reinforce our practice of setting management objectives through performance contracts and will implement a more stringent “pay for performance” policy to reward top performers.
in 2006, Baker hughes also reinforced its efforts to build and sustain a safety culture, maintaining high standards for health, safety and the environment. On a global basis, Baker hughes improved its total Recordable incident Rate by 23% compared to 2005, and reduced the more serious lost work time injuries by 40%. We are proud of this accomplish- ment, and are striving to improve our record in other important safety measures, especially in preventable vehicle accidents which were reduced by 2% in 2006. Safety in every aspect of our jobs is an ongoing commitment at Baker hughes.
also part of our culture is our Best-in- class ethics and compliance program. as Baker hughes grows its business, it
is committed to doing so ethically and
in strict accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. this commitment to integrity is actively overseen by our Board of directors, aggressively pro- moted by all levels of management and consistently reinforced by contrac- tual agreements with agents, consul- tants, distributors, contractors and others. We communicate compliance
information regularly and are constantly enhancing our ethics and compliance program, with special emphasis on compliance education and auditing.
We have significantly reduced the use of agents, aggressively implemented a legal compliance audit process, actively advertised our Business ethics help line and enlarged our regular compliance reporting procedures.
employee development also supports our high Performance culture. during 2006, Baker hughes hired more than 900 graduates with technical degrees, and we launched new programs to develop their skills. the leadership excellence and development (lead) program is designed to prepare engi- neers for leadership roles by immersing them in the Baker hughes culture, and providing them with management, supervisory and financial training. after completion of the initial lead course, these men and women return to their respective divisions for training in speci- fic technical disciplines.
the two-level cornerstone program for supervisors and managers is another example of employee development at Baker hughes. cornerstone sessions are taught by Baker hughes managers and executives to provide an overview of corporate and division functions, with the goal of improving their understanding of the company, its strategy, structure and processes.
For our senior managers, Baker hughes continued its relationship
with thunderbird university in Phoenix, with our leadership institute programs emphasizing international business strat- egies. to date, almost 400 Baker hughes executives have participated in the pro- gram. in 2006, a second, more advanced
In 006, INTEQ introduced its latest auto- mated drilling device, the TruTrakTM system. This new system, which combines pad steering technology, a high perfor- mance downhole motor, and a measure- ment-while-drilling system, was deployed for land-based directional drilling in North America. In 006, new products contri- buted % of Baker Hughes’ revenue.
$1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0
North America Revenues 2004–2006, by Quarter
(In millions)
        2004 2005 2006
2006 AnnuAl RepoRt | 5

 6 | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

 1932
 In 1932, Bill Lane and Walt Wells invented bullet
gun perforating and formed the Lane Wells Com- pany in Vernon, California. They performed their first job on Union Oil’s La Merced #17 well in Los Angeles. The company that would become Baker Atlas grew quickly and added other wireline services. In 1948, a Lane Wells crew performed the company’s 100,000th job on La Merced #17, the site of the first perforating run.
 1942
1933
Over the decades, Hughes Tool Company has continu-
ally improved roller cone bit technology. In 1933, the first Tricone® bit went commercial. In 1948, Hughes bits incorporated hydraulic jets to improve drilling perfor-
mance. In 1951, tungsten carbide inserts were introduced for drilling hard rock. In 1969, Hughes bits featured journal
bearings for the first time, and in 1987 they incorporated metal bearing seals, greatly improving bit life.
 In 1942, Baker Oil Tools introduced the Model D
Packer, which enabled multiple completions in the same well. The design was driven, in part, by the shortage of steel during World War II. The Model D Packer is still sold today.

 1943
 During World War II, Baker Oil Tools
began dual operations to help the war
effort, dividing its plant between oilfield
and defense manufacturing. In 1943, the
company earned the Army-Navy “E”
Flag for its wartime contributions.
Meanwhile, the Hughes Tool Company
established the Hughes Gun Plant in
Dickinson, Texas, to manufacture large bore guns, and Lane Wells
Company also joined the war effort by producing electrical components for munitions.
 1944
In 1944, Frank and George Christensen founded the Christensen
Diamond Products company in Salt Lake City, Utah, and in 1946 introduced diamond core bits to the mining industry. By 1952, they were manufacturing natural diamond bits for drilling oil and gas wells in hard formations. In 1960, the firm introduced impreg- nated diamond bits for drilling abrasive rock. The two men were unrelated and had met when they were teammates on the Detroit Lions football team.
1949
 In 1949 Oil Base Inc. (OBI) introduced BLACK
MAGIC® SFT (Sacked Fishing Tool), a drilling fluid additive designed to free stuck pipe. The product was an immediate success and is still in use today. OBI was acquired by Hughes Tool in 1979, and BLACK MAGIC became a Milpark product line in 1987. It is now marketed by Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids.

 course was launched to further develop the executive team.
the most important aspect of a high Performance culture is a strong, diverse workforce comprised of individuals from all the countries where we do business. We also strive to provide global opportu- nities for our employees so they can develop as managers and leaders who can work in any part of our organization.
Global Presence
Our operations structure comprised of four regions was put in place in 2005. during 2006, this structure proved to be effective at moving decision-making auth- ority closer to operations, and helping our divisions to work together in developing and implementing regional strategies.
north american operations continued to be strong in 2006, with total revenue of $4.0 billion, up 31% from $3.05 billion in 2005, as the industry increased its drill- ing activity targeted primarily for natural gas. higher commodity prices and rising rig rates increased the value created by our technology, and the shortage of peo- ple and equipment also led to price in- creases. all Baker hughes divisions had revenue gains in the gulf coast area, despite flattening of the offshore rig count. in the mid-continent region, drill- ing and completion activity in Oklahoma and north texas created strong markets for a full range of Baker hughes products and services. natural gas drilling also drove high activity levels in the Rocky Mountains and canada. Baker Petrolite and centrilift also gained new business in canada’s growing oil sands market.
Revenue in the Middle east asia Pacific region increased 23% to $1.73 billion in 2006 compared to $1.41 billion in 2005.
the rotary rig count in Saudi arabia increased 76% during 2006, and Baker hughes supported the national oil com- pany’s horizontal well development pro- grams with comprehensive drilling services including fluids, drill bits, rotary steerable systems, logging-while-drilling services, and completion systems featuring the eQualiZeRTM inflow control device. Our revenue in Saudi arabia has quadrupled since 2004. to support continued growth, Baker hughes has invested in new infra- structure in Saudi arabia and appointed a vice president as the senior company executive within the country.
to support Middle east operations, inteQ established a BeacOn remote operations center, which enables senior engineers and coordinators to support complex field service, like geosteering, from a central location. By the end of 2006, 28 rigs in Saudi arabia were connected to the BeacOn center.
new contracts in india were the result of a focused effort to establish infrastructure and strong customer relationships there.
in the europe africa Russia caspian region, revenue of $2.47 billion was up 23% from $2.01 billion in 2005. Baker hughes activity in both the norwegian and uk sectors of the north Sea increased with growing operations to maximize recovery from maturing fields. Oil com- pany customers applied advanced Baker hughes technology to drill complex horizontal wells and complete them
with Baker hughes systems, including eQualiZeRTM inflow control devices, intel- ligent well systems, and high-pressure, high-temperature equipment.
to address the significant growth opportunities in the Russian market,
Remote advisory centers are playing an increasingly important role in Baker Hughes’ operations. At our BEACON centers, drilling and evaluation experts can access directional and formation data in real time and advise rig site personnel to optimize performance. Our BEACON center in Saudi Arabia supports opera- tions on 8 rigs.
$250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000
$50,000 $0
Latin America Revenues 2004–2006, by Quarter
(In millions)
       2004 2005 2006
2006 AnnuAl RepoRt | 7

 8 | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

 1957
 In 1957, Christensen Diamond Products opened
its manufacturing plant in Celle, Germany. At
first, the facility made diamond core heads and
drill bits, and soon began producing stabilizers,
drilling jars and other equipment. In 1976, the
Celle engineering and manufacturing team intro-
duced the Navi-Drill® line of downhole drilling motors. Today, the Celle Technology Center is Baker Hughes’ leading research and engineering facility in the Eastern Hemisphere.
 1959
In 1959, the first Centrilift electrical submersible pump (ESP) was manufactured
by Byron Jackson Pumps and installed in a California well. In the same year, parent company Borg Warner moved manufacturing operations
to Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 1980, Hughes Tool Company purchased Centrilift, and the Claremore, Oklahoma plant was opened the
same year. Also in 1980, Centrilift purchased Submerg- ible Oil Services and gained variable speed drive
technology. With the addition of its cable plant in 1983, Centrilift took design and manufacturing
control over all major ESP components.
 1963
 In 1963, Lane Wells introduced the Neutron
Lifetime Log service, which could detect oil
through well casing, initiating the line of Baker
Atlas pulsed-neutron instruments. Beginning in
1948, Well Surveys Inc. physicist Arthur You-
mans led the team of engineers and scientists to
develop this technology. The highly complex
instrument included a miniaturized particle generator and sensors to detect and analyze sub-atomic particles. Youmans went on to become Vice President of Research and Engineer- ing for Dresser Atlas.

  1972
In 1972, Christensen Diamond Products tested the first polycrys-
talline diamond compact (PDC) drill bit. With cutters made of synthetic diamonds, the PDC bit had no moving parts and cut rock with a shearing action that increased the rate of penetration compared to roller cone bits drilling in the same formation. Christensen PDC bits were commercialized in 1975.
 1976
In 1976, Baker Oil Tools established an autonomous division to specialize in
sand control technology and service. Early innovations included Bakerweld® wire wrap and pre-pack screens, skid-mounted pumping systems, and a vari- ety of gravel packing tools. The Beta system, introduced in 1980, enabled one-trip gravel pack operations. In 1988, Baker performed the first horizon- tal gravel pack completions. The company also introduced the EXCLUDERTM wire mesh screen in 1994 and the EQUALIZERTM inflow control device for
horizontal wells in 1997.
 1977
Baker Hughes has long been an innovative leader in environmentally
acceptable water-based fluids that also deliver drilling efficiency. In 1977, predecessor company Newpark Drilling Fluids introduced NEW-DRILL® fluid, the first polymer mud system. In 1994, INTEQ Fluids commercialized the AQUA-DRILLTM system, which applied novel glycol chemistry, and in 1996 it introduced ALPLEX® additive using aluminum chemistry. In 2004, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids introduced the PERFORMAXTM high perfor- mance water-based mud, a significant advance over previous systems.

 Baker hughes reorganized operations under a single executive who was named President, Baker hughes Russia, inc., reporting to Baker hughes’ President and cOO. We are investing in new facilities and are expanding our employee base in the country. in 2006, Baker hughes reve- nues grew more than 40% in Russia, as we gained new business with key local operators. Baker hughes also continued to provide advanced technology and services to help a super major drill sev- eral record extended reach wells from Sakhalin island.
in africa, Baker hughes increased act- ivities in angola and algeria, particularly in drilling and evaluation services. Baker Oil tools deployed its modular pumping units to equatorial guinea to begin its multi-well frac-packing completion project.
in nigeria, we established a country management structure with all Baker hughes division activities reporting to
a single country director. given the diffi- cult operating conditions in nigeria, this structure provides a better capability to allocate resources, work with govern- ment officials and control risk.
Our latin america operations had $827 million in revenue, an increase of 15% from $717 million in 2005. in Brazil, inteQ was awarded a major contract from Petrobras valued at over $500 mil- lion for three years, to provide directional drilling and logging-while-drilling services. this business will enable Baker hughes to increase its presence in Brazil and to support a wide range of technologies and services. also in Brazil, centrilift introduced subsea pumping systems
for deepwater applications.
Technology Drives Results
2006 was another strong year for introducing new Baker hughes products
and services. Revenue from products and services introduced commercially within the last three years was $1.9 billion in 2006, up 32% compared to 2005.
in the drilling and evaluation segment, hughes christensen continued to advance drill bit technology with its eZ SteerTM and genesis® ZX Pdc bits designed for direc- tional drilling and harder formation drilling respectively. the division also introduced its new MaxlifeTM line of tricone® bits, tar- geted at land-drilling applications. these innovations helped hughes christensen maintain its leading position in drill bit technology and service.
inteQ continued deployment of its autotrak® X-treme® rotary steerable sys- tem, incorporating a modular downhole motor to enable complex well profiles and extended reach drilling through harder formations. this new system achieved notable successes in the north Sea, Middle east and india. inteQ also continued to deploy its complete line
of logging-while-drilling technology, including new formation pressure test- ing, imaging, and deep-reading resistivity systems. in addition, inteQ introduced the trutrakTM drilling system to efficiently drill land-based directional wells, with initial runs in Oklahoma and canada.
Baker atlas introduced new Reservoir characterization instrument® services incorporating straddle packers from Baker Oil tools and enhanced fluid analysis technology to conduct “mini- dSts” that enable oil companies to test formations without the expense and potential environmental impact of full scale drill stem tests. Baker atlas contin- ued to commercialize its Magnetic Resonance explorerSM service with 2d analysis that provides unique ability to determine fluid type and volume in res- ervoir rock. the new gasViewSM service
During 006, INTEQ continued to deploy its new suite of logging-while-drilling technologies to provide customers with real-time data to evaluate the formation, improve drilling efficiency, and more accu- rately place wells within the reservoir.
 $800,000 $700,000 $600,000 $500,000 $400,000 $300,000 $200,000 $100,000
$0
Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian Revenues 2004–2006, by Quarter
(In millions)
           2004 2005 2006
2006 AnnuAl RepoRt | 9

 0 | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

 1978
In 1929, Cicero C. Brown organized Brown Oil Tools, and in 1937 he patented the first liner
hanger. Liner hangers enable drillers to lengthen their casing strings without having the liner pipe extend all the way to the surface. This saves capital cost and reduces weight borne by off- shore platforms. Hughes Tool Company acquired Brown Oil Tools in 1978. Today, Baker Oil Tools is the industry leader in
 liner hanger technology.
1978
In 1978, Teleco Oilfield Services commercialized the first Measurement-While-Drilling
(MWD) system. Formed in Meriden, Connecticut by a team of aerospace engineers, Teleco developed a downhole directional survey system that could transmit its readings to the surface on pressure pulses carried by the drilling mud. This innovation saved time for offshore rigs by eliminating the need for single shot surveys and wireline steer-
ing tools. Teleco was acquired by Baker Hughes in 1992 and
merged into the new INTEQ division.
 1984
 In 1984, Norton Christensen introduced the industry’s first steerable motor system,
which combined a downhole motor, an MWD system and PDC bits to help opera- tors improve the efficiency and accuracy of directional drilling. For the first time, drillers could control well paths to closely match their planned trajectories. Steer- able motors would enable horizontal drilling, a core service provided by INTEQ.
1985
 In 1983, Texas Eastern formed a lateral drilling group to market
short-radius horizontal drilling. This technology was transferred
to Eastman Whipstock in 1984, when Texas Eastern acquired
Eastman’s parent company. In 1985, Norton Christensen
drilled the first medium-radius horizontal well in the Austin
Chalk, using specialized steerable motors. In 1986, the two
companies were combined to form Eastman Christensen. The
new company had a unique combination of service and technology that enabled it to become the industry’s leading proponent of horizontal drilling.

 1987
 In 1987, Baker International Corporation and Hughes Tool
Company merged to form Baker Hughes Incorporated. The
new company combined the long traditions of two oilfield ser- vice leaders and could offer customers a wide range of technologies for drilling, completion
and production. Twenty years later, Baker Hughes is a stronger company with an even broader portfolio.
In 1997, INTEQ introduced the AutoTrak® Rotary Closed- 1997
Loop Drilling System, the first commercial rotary steerable system. Developed with the help of Eni-Agip, the AutoTrak system includes an automated steering unit that is integrated with the logging-while-drilling system. The AutoTrak system is highly effective for precise well placement within the reser- voir and for extended reach and complex profile horizontal wells. To date, the AutoTrak system has been used to drill more than 20 million feet of hole.
 2005
Baker Hughes innovations in formation pressure testing and fluid sampling are the result of
the combined expertise of Baker Atlas, INTEQ and Baker Oil Tools. In 1997, Baker Atlas introduced the first wireline-conveyed Reservoir Characterization Instrument® (RCI) service
 for measuring formation pressure, and acquiring reservoir fluid samples. Lessons learned on the RCI® system helped launch INTEQ’s Tes- TrakTM Logging-While-Drilling pressure tester in 2005. In
2006, Baker Atlas applied straddle packer technol- ogy from Baker Oil Tools to provide “mini-
DST” tests using the RCI service.

 was introduced in the Middle east to help identify and measure gas content in cased holes.
Baker hughes drilling Fluids built on earlier success of its PeRFORMaXTM high performance water based mud system by deploying it in the Middle east, West africa and South america. the drilling fluids group also had successful applica- tions in the Middle east of its MaX- BRidgeSM additive to prevent loss of drilling fluids in fractured formations.
Baker hughes drilling Fluids also had a significant technological success in the deepwater gulf of Mexico by providing its dynamic kill drillingSM system, advantageSM engineering software, and SYn-teQ® drilling fluids on chevron’s Jack discovery wells, drilled in 6,900 feet of water.
in the completion and Production seg- ment, Baker Oil tools helped customers maximize production from horizontal wells in norway and Saudi arabia with completion systems that include its eQualiZeRTM inflow control device, eXcludeRTM screens and MpasTM open- hole packers. a Baker Oil tools all-elec- tric intelligent well system completed three years of trouble-free operation in
a Brazilian offshore well. the division also installed intelligent completions in a well at a water depth of 8,000 ft. in the gulf of Mexico, and in a trilateral horizontal well in Saudi arabia.
Baker Petrolite reinforced its leader- ship in oil/water separation chemicals by reintroducing its tretolite® brand to help market its full line of demulsifier products. Baker Petrolite also delivered innovative solutions for dewatering gas wells in the u.S. Rocky Mountains and for processing heavy oil extracted from the canadian oil sands, through both oil mining and Steam assisted gravity drainage (Sagd) operations.
centrilift introduced improvements
to its electrical submersible pumping (eSP) systems to enhance performance
in abrasive, higher temperature, and high gas-content wells. centrilift also has developed eSP systems for use in canada’s Sagd operations. additionally, centrilift introduced eSP technology for subsea wells to help move oil through flow lines to distant platforms and Floating Produc- tion and Storage Operation (FPSO) units.
in 2006, the ProductionQuest business unit was formed to provide products and services for production optimization in both new and existing wells. ProductionQuest services include well monitoring using electronic and fiber optic gauges, chemical automation systems to remotely manage treatment of producing wells, and intelligent pro- duction systems that incorporate comple- tion, pumping and chemical technology from other Baker hughes divisions. during the year, ProductionQuest engi- neers also conducted field optimization studies to help oil companies maximize hydrocarbon recovery.
to support technology innovation, Baker hughes invested $339 million in research and engineering, 64% of which was devoted to new product development. We also began construc- tion on the new center for technology innovation (cti) in houston, which will be devoted to developing advanced technology for completion and produc- tion. Scheduled to begin operating in early 2008, the cti will include the industry’s most advanced systems for testing equipment under high pressures and high temperatures.
Baker Oil Tools sand control technology created value for customers in 006 by enabling them to efficiently produce from long horizontal well branches. Deployed as part of engineered completion systems, the EQUALIZERTM inflow control device delays water coning and maximizes oil recovery.
$600,000 $500,000 $400,000 $300,000 $200,000 $100,000
$0
Middle East, Asia Pacific Revenues 2004–2006, by Quarter
(In millions)
2004 2005 2006
        2006 AnnuAl RepoRt | 

 Peter A. Ragauss, Sr. V.P. and CFO; Chad C. Deaton, Chairman and CEO; James R. Clark, President and COO; Alan R. Crain, Jr., Sr. V.P. and General Counsel; and Didier Charreton, V.P. Human Resources.
Outlook
We continue to be optimistic about the long-term prospects for robust growth in our markets. We are making the investments in people, technology and infrastructure necessary to support sustained international growth. long- term contracts and customer spending plans are expected to support interna- tional revenue growth rates of 17-19% in 2007 compared to 2006.
in north america the near-term out- look for natural gas directed drilling is more uncertain as a result of relatively high natural gas storage levels. We expect that our customers will make their deci- sions regarding spending at the end of the winter natural gas withdrawal season.
the need to invest in people and training to meet current and anticipated demand has slowed profitability growth somewhat in the near term. We con- tinue to redeploy people and tools to the markets offering the best return
for our investment.
New Board Member
i would like to welcome Pierre h. Jungels, cBe, to our board of directors. dr. Jungels’ experience as a european executive of a london-based oil com- pany operating internationally will serve Baker hughes well as we pursue our global strategy.
in 2006, Baker hughes also appointed a new cFO. Peter a. Ragauss, who joined the company after 19 years at BP and other energy companies, has already helped shape Bhi’s long-term vision.
in closing, i would like to congratu- late Baker hughes employees for their record performance in 2006, a year in which they set high goals and exceeded them. i also would like to express appre- ciation to our customers around the world for their confidence in Baker hughes, and to our stockholders for their continued investment.
Sincerely,
chad c. deaton,
chairman and chief executive Officer
  | BAkeR HugHes IncoRpoRAted

Baker Hughes Incorporated
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders April 26, 2007
To THe STockHolderS of BAker HugHeS INcorporATed:
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of Baker Hughes Incorporated (“Company” or “Baker Hughes”) will be held at the Plaza Banquet Room located at 2777 Allen Parkway, Houston, Texas on Thursday, April 26, 2007, at 9:00 a.m., Central Daylight Time, for the purpose of considering and voting on:
1. Election of twelve directors;
2. Ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2007;
3. Proposal to amend the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“Restated Certificate”) to adopt simple majority voting provisions in the Restated Certificate; and
4. Such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any reconvened meeting after an adjournment thereof.
The Board of Directors has fixed March 1, 2007 as the record date for determining the stockholders of the Company entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting and any reconvened meeting after an adjournment thereof, and only holders of Common Stock of the Company of record at the close of business on that date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, that meeting or a reconvened meeting after an adjournment.
You are invited to attend the meeting in person. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting personally, please complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy, and return it as soon as possible in the enclosed postage prepaid envelope. You may revoke your proxy any time prior to its exercise, and you may attend the meeting and vote in person, even if you have previously returned your proxy. In some cases, you may be able to exercise your proxy by telephone or by the Internet. Please refer to the Proxy Statement for further information on telephone and Internet voting.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Sandra E. Alford Corporate Secretary
 Houston, Texas March 12, 2007
To ASSure Your repreSeNTATIoN AT THe MeeTINg, pleASe SIgN, dATe ANd reTurN Your proXY AS proMpTlY AS poSSIBle. AN eNVelope, WHIcH reQuIreS No poSTAge If MAIled IN THe uNITed STATeS, IS eNcloSed for THIS purpoSe.
