Baker Hughes Incorporated
  2
NEW TECHNOLOGY REVENUE Commercialized in last three years 2000–2002
25% 20% 15% 10%
5% 0%
           2000 2001 2002
Letter to Stockholders
Our consistent strategic focus served Baker Hughes well in 2002. Market condi- tions during the year proved to be even more difficult than anticipated, as the eco- nomic recovery was disappointing, and exploration and development activity did not rebound as expected. By maintaining focus on our ongoing strategies, Baker Hughes achieved performance differen- tially better than our competitors. While I expect 2003 to bring an improved market, the magnitude and timing of the improve- ment remains uncertain. We will continue to exploit genuine opportunities that exist for Baker Hughes in any market.
Our financial condition continued to improve in 2002, as we repaid debt and accumulated cash. In a year when the average worldwide rig count was down 19%, Baker Hughes‘ revenues declined by only 2% from the prior year. We also achieved oilfield margins of 14.9% for the year, indicative of our product line focus, cost management, and market share strength.
Operating profit after tax was
$309.3 million in 2002, down 35% from $472.7 million, excluding goodwill amorti- zation in 2001. Total revenues were down 2% for the year at $5,020.4 million, com- pared to $5,139.6 million in 2001. Oilfield revenue was $4,901.5 million in 2002, down 2% from $5,001.9 million in 2001.
Process revenues were $118.9 million in 2002, down 14% from $137.7 million in 2001.
Baker Hughes Incorporated recorded pre-tax charges of approximately $90 mil- lion in the fourth quarter of 2002, as
a result of our seismic joint venture WesternGeco’s write-down in the value
of its multiclient library, closure of its land- based seismic operations in the U.S. lower 48 states and Canada, and reduction of its marine seismic fleet. We continue to own 30% of this leader in the seismic industry. Focus on strategies For the past two
and a half years, Baker Hughes has con- centrated on executing a few basic strate- gies, which kept us on course in 2002 and will continue to set the direction for 2003 and beyond.
Oilfield Focus To sustain a leading posi- tion in the industry we know best, Baker Hughes concentrates on the oilfield serv- ices business and on products and services for oil and gas wells.
Baker Hughes increased its oilfield focus in November 2002 by successfully completing the sale of EIMCO Process Equipment to Groupe Laperriere & Verreault, Inc., of Montreal, Canada for $48.9 million, subject to post-closing adjustments. With this divestiture, and the 2001 sale of the majority interest
of our process-related production and refining process business, Bird Machine is Baker Hughes’ only remaining non-oilfield operating unit.
  This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Michael E. Wiley, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “sched- uled,” “plan,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts
may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed
in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2002. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organi- zations or relationships.
 Indonesia
 A Baker Atlas wireline unit logs a well in Indonesia. During 2002, Baker Hughes compa- nies scored successes in the Asia Pacific region by introducing expand- able completions and rotary steerable sys- tems, and by winning major contracts to sup- ply electric submersible pump systems.
   
Baker Hughes‘ oilfield operations con- sist of six strong product line divisions that focus on key areas of the oilfield service business. With this organization, our divi- sional engineering and manufacturing teams can focus on developing and provid- ing best-in-class products, and our field operations managers can focus on deliver- ing best-in-class services to their customers. We believe this focus is a competitive advantage that enables us to outperform competitors on a product-line level and helps us to be leaders in almost every product line.
While our operating divisions con- centrate on specific product lines, key resources, such as capital and technology funding, are allocated from a corporate perspective.
Baker Hughes makes technology investments using our Technology Road
Map (TRM) process. The TRM assesses each division‘s product portfolio and technology programs to assure they are aligned with current and future client needs and the company‘s long-range strat- egy, and identifies research projects to receive corporate funding. Our divisions also use a rigorous Product Development Management process to make sure that each new product not only meets a cus- tomer need, but also has the potential to earn an adequate return on investment. High Performance Culture During 2002, Baker Hughes continued developing a high performance culture based on our Core Values of Integrity, Teamwork, Performance and Learning, as well as our Keys to Suc- cess. Applying these principles, employees know that each person can make a differ- ence in creating Baker Hughes‘ future.
 Baker Atlas Reservoir Characterization Instru- mentSM (RCI) service enables oil companies to acquire formation fluid samples and reduce the need for expensive well testing. The RCI service and other new technologies have gained Baker Atlas a major share of the deepwater wireline logging market.
 2002 Annual Report
 3

Baker Hughes Incorporated
 4
I have made it clear to our executives, managers and employees, that unques- tioned Integrity is the foundation for our individual and corporate actions. Honesty, openness and compliance are required in all our business dealings. Through ongoing programs for legal education and financial controls, BHI employees worldwide have
a more thorough understanding of the Baker Hughes Business Code of Conduct, the requirements of our Foreign Corrupt Practices Act policy, and our system of internal controls.
In October 2002, Standard and Poors ranked Baker Hughes as one of the three
best S&P 500 companies in terms of over- all disclosure of financial information in our annual report and proxy statement.
To support the company‘s Performance, executives and managers throughout the enterprise have aligned their priorities with company objectives through their annual Performance Contracts and incentive pay programs.
At the field operations level, all of our divisions have initiated flawless execution programs in various forms. Our customers choose our products for the most demand- ing applications and expect them to perform because our brand is built on performance
In 2002, Baker Oil Tools deployed its first InForceTM Intelligent Well System (IWS) in the Gulf of Mexico and incorpo- rated an IWS comple- tion in an Indonesian multilateral well. IWS technology enables oil companies to remotely monitor conditions in
a producing well and control flow to correct problems without costly interventions.
  
and reliability. From my experience as a customer and from talking to our cus- tomers today, I know that reliability and performance are key to their selection of contractors.
Our enterprise-wide commitment to Health, Safety and the Environment (HS&E) recognizes and rewards outstanding safety performances, and our HS&E record has steadily improved. Over the past five years our total recordable incident rate per 200,000 manhours, a common HS&E metric, has fallen 74%.
In 2002, Baker Hughes launched a “Measure and Compare” marketing cam- paign that encourages customers to com- pare the performance gained from using our products and services to results deliv- ered by our competitors. We are confident that we will gain market share as more customers “measure and compare”.
Baker Hughes, as never before, is gain- ing leverage from Teamwork across divi- sions. An initiative sponsored by operations vice presidents from all six divisions has established regional teams in seven major regional markets around the world. As a result, we are realizing the power of shar- ing technology, sales strategies, infrastruc- ture, and human resources across business units. Hughes Christensen and INTEQ team together to offer OASIS high performance drilling services, and Baker Atlas and Baker Petrolite have joined forces in our Pipeline Management Group.
Learning is the Core Value that helps us grow as individuals and as a company. In 2002, we increased both our non-technical and technical training programs. More than 1,000 training courses were conducted at the Baker Hughes Education Center during the year, and instructor-led courses have been supplemented by many online train- ing programs. Our emphasis on training and personal development have better
prepared our employees to provide supe- rior customer service in the future.
New Technology We maintain high levels of relative performance by developing new technology. In 2002, every division intro- duced new, best-in-class technologies
that save customers time, increase their reserves, increase productivity, and/or improve their HS&E performance.
INTEQ leveraged more than 6.5 million feet of drilling experience with the Auto- Trak® rotary steerable system to introduce the third-generation AutoTrak G3 system with more advanced measurement-while- drilling components and improved reliability. These features enable its deployment to more remote areas. Also in 2002, INTEQ introduced its improved APLSTM Elite poros- ity logging module and the new APXTM acoustic logging system. These new systems combine with the AutoTrak G3 tool to form an integrated, “steerable quad-combo” drilling and formation evaluation assembly.
Also during the year, INTEQ improved customer drilling efficiency by introducing high performance Navi-Drill® X-tremeTM drilling motors, which combined with Hughes Christensen bits to outperform all competitors off Canada‘s East Coast and in the Middle East. INTEQ also brought to market a smaller version of its VertiTrakTM straight hole drilling system and set per- formance records while drilling deep gas wells in the foothills of Western Canada.
With the acquisition of Apollo Ser- vices, INTEQ has launched a new Fluids Environmental Service to address customer needs for drilling mud systems and waste management services that comply with environmental regulations. This new serv- ice, along with added completion fluids offerings, makes INTEQ a full-service drilling fluids company.
Worldwide success of the Hughes Christensen GenesisTM PDC diamond bit
RETURN ON ASSETS
2000–2002, by Quarter
16% 14% 12% 10%
8% 6% 4% 2% 0%
                       2000 2001 2002
 Norway
  At onshore data centers in Houston
and Stavanger, Norway, INTEQ reservoir naviga- tion experts can control offshore operations
to guide AutoTrak® drilling/LWD assemblies to achieve optimum well placement within the reservoir. Customer engineers can monitor the same real-time data sets simultaneously.
 2002 Annual Report
  5

Baker Hughes Incorporated
   6
REVENUE PER EMPLOYEE
2000–2002, by Quarter (In thousands)
$55
$50
$45
$40
$35
$30
                    2000 2001 2002
line has helped the division regain its lead- ership in the diamond drill bit market. The Genesis process combines new technical features with a team-based design process to create a customized drill bit for each application. Genesis bits have gained an average performance improvement of 50% over competitive bits.
In addition, the new HedgehogTM drill bit has greatly improved drilling perform- ance in harder formations, such as those in Algeria and Oman, expanding the mar- ket for impregnated diamond technology and commanding premium prices.
Baker Atlas has built on earlier suc- cesses with its Reservoir Characterization InstrumentSM formation fluid sampling service, adding Sample ViewSM downhole analysis and single-phase tanks to develop a superior, differentiated service.
Baker Atlas also continued the intro- duction of its 3DExplorerSM resistivity service for evaluating laminated pay zones to find easily bypassed reserves. The division also began pre-commercial operation of its new EARTHImagerSM service that provides well- bore images in oil-based drilling muds.
Baker Oil Tools continued its leader- ship in completions with several important innovations. The division introduced expandable completions systems – including durable sand control screens, expandable packers, and expandable liner hangers – on three wells offshore Indonesia.
Baker Oil Tools also installed its first InForceTM Intelligent Well SystemTM in the Gulf of Mexico, and provided an InForce system as part of a multilateral completion in an Indonesian well. Other multilateral well advancements included HookHangerTM completions in China, Siberia, Alaska,
and the Middle East, and the introduction of FORMationTM Junction technology to new markets in West Africa, Venezuela, and Saudi Arabia.
Baker Oil Tools also created value for deepwater operators with High Pressure- High Temperature (HPHT) completions, NeptuneTM subsurface safety valves,
and remotely operated “disappearing plug” technology.
Baker Petrolite continued its leader- ship in deepwater flow assurance with its FATHOMTM program of chemical solutions to control corrosion, asphaltene, paraffin, and hydrates in deepwater wells and flow lines. The new HI-M-PACTTM anti- agglomerate hydrate inhibitor delivered operating cost savings and increased production on a number of deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
Centrilift advanced rotating artificial lift technology by installing more than
100 LIFTEQTM electric submersible pro- gressive cavity pumps. The division also extended the application range of ESP systems to replace gas lift completions on offshore wells, to provide long-life comple- tions on subsea wells, and to prevent water coning in onshore wells in Venezuela. Other Centrilift innovations include a new variable speed controller, downhole pump monitoring sensors, and improved systems for dewatering coalbed methane.
Growth Opportunities In addition to introducing new products, Baker Hughes
is growing by entering new markets. For example, in 2002, Baker Hughes signed
a significant agreement with the Russian oil company, Sibneft OA, to provide a full range of services in Western Siberia and establish operations bases there with the capability of supporting multiple projects. Previously, Baker Hughes had limited its participation in the Russian market to product sales.
Baker Petrolite is building on its strength as a specialty chemicals leader
in North America to increase its interna- tional business. The division also launched an internal performance program called
Gulf of
 Mexico
 Pride North America
In 2002, Baker Hughes contributed to the suc- cess of deepwater proj- ects in the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil, West Africa, and offshore Canada. Advanced drilling systems, envi- ronmentally friendly drilling fluids, efficient formation evaluation services, premium com- pletions systems and leading flow assurance programs from Baker Hughes enabled oil companies to find
and develop deep- water reserves.
  
EXCELerate to improve profitability by cre- ating and capturing value, and differentiat- ing its specialty chemical offering through engineered solutions and services.
Baker Hughes has targeted the “critical well” market, which is characterized by deep water, extreme well depths, high operating costs, and challenging environ- ments. This is a growing market segment as operators look for large discoveries. All of our divisions are well positioned to exploit opportunities presented by critical wells.
For example, Baker Atlas has increased its market share in deepwater fields through continued technology investments in differentiating, higher-end tools. Their technology and excellent wellsite service have gained growing acceptance from super-majors who operate in deep water.
Baker Atlas‘ market share in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico has grown from almost nothing in 1998 to 30% in 2002. Suc- cesses on projects in West Africa and Brazil have added to this momentum.
Baker Hughes also is capitalizing on growth opportunities by combining and leveraging internal resources into new products or services. The new Pipeline Management Group is one example. It builds on Baker Atlas‘ experience in per- forming tethered pipeline inspections and Baker Petrolite‘s expertise at assessing pipeline system integrity and controlling corrosion with chemical programs. The timing is right for this business as new government regulations are requiring that thousands of miles of pipelines in the United States be inspected to verify their integrity.
 In Canada, INTEQ field service personnel pre- pare a VertiTrakTM drilling system for operation on a deep gas well. Devel- oped with ENI-Agip S.p.A., the automated system keeps wells ver- tical in difficult forma- tions, improves drilling efficiency, and reduces operating costs. Verti- Trak systems were deployed successfully
in Canada, Russia, Italy, Argentina, and the United States during 2002.
 2002 Annual Report
   7

Baker Hughes Incorporated
8
Financial Flexibility and Discipline
Over the past two years, Baker Hughes has worked hard to restore financial discipline and flexibility. We have reduced debt by $1.4 billion from peak levels in 2000. Our debt to total capitalization ratio is now 31%. With such relatively low debt levels, Baker Hughes has the flexibility to pursue various strategic options, including internal and external investment opportunities. In September 2002, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up
to $275 million worth of company shares. During the third and fourth quarter, we used approximately $49.1 million of this authorized amount to purchase and retire 1.8 million shares.
Financial discipline is part of the Baker Hughes culture throughout the organiza- tion. We conduct quarterly performance reviews with each division to discuss financial results, the market environment, product development, internal controls and pricing. We are especially determined to exercise pricing discipline so that we receive fair compensation for our products and services in keeping with the value provided to our customers.
We also exercise financial discipline when allocating capital. Major projects are consolidated and ranked according to each project’s merits and the performance of the sponsoring division. Investments
at Baker Hughes target growth areas
that promise required returns. Our capital
expenditures, about equal to deprecia- tion in 2002, have primarily been devoted to rental tools and manufacturing effi- ciency improvements.
Outlook The year 2003 holds many of the same uncertainties of 2002. Doubts about the economy and the potential for war in the Middle East have impacted exploration and production spending deci- sions. We expect North American drilling in 2003 to increase 10–15% compared to 2002, as gas drilling resumes. Depending on world events, international activity in 2003 could be up as much as 5% com- pared to 2002. Overall, we expect world- wide exploration and production spending in 2003 to increase about 4–6% from 2002 levels.
Regardless of market conditions, Baker Hughes will continue to set aggres- sive goals and strive to be the premier oilfield service company. We will act with integrity, maintain our strategic focus, introduce new technology, deliver reliable performance, and strive for fair prices, while enhancing our ability to service
our customers.
Finally, I would like to thank our stockholders for their confidence in Baker Hughes as an investment, our customers for their ongoing business, and our employees for the dedication to perform- ance that held our course steady through a difficult year.
Michael E. Wiley
Chairman, President and CEO
  Greg Nakanishi, Vice President, Human Resources; Steve Finley, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Alan R. Crain, Jr., Vice President and General Counsel; Michael E. Wiley, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Szescila, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
   