2 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 To Our Stockholders
 Chad C. Deaton
In the fourth year of the current growth cycle, Baker Hughes achieved record reve- nues, exceeding $10 billion for the first time, while also earning its highest annual operat- ing profit. We are pleased with the progress we have made in growing our business in key geographic markets, particularly in the East- ern Hemisphere, which contributed $879 mil- lion in incremental revenue during the year. At the same time, market growth in North America slowed as natural gas inventories reached record high levels and changes in
the Canadian royalty structure discouraged drilling activity.
In 2008, we will continue to grow glob- ally. To drive growth in 2007, we invested in infrastructure at our technology centers and in operations facilities in emerging markets;
in technology, through increased Research & Engineering spending and capital expendi- tures for rental equipment; and in people, both through recruiting and development programs.
We also understand the need to optimize our organization for improved profitability in an increasingly competitive market.
Record Financial Results
Baker Hughes had revenues of $10.4 billion in 2007, up from $9.03 billion in 2006. Our operating profit was $1.514 billion or $4.73 per diluted share, compared to $1.363 billion or $4.10 per diluted share in 2006.
For the full year in 2007, the company’s net income was $1.514 billion or $4.73 per diluted share, compared to $2.419 billion or $7.27 per diluted share in 2006, which included a $1.035 billion after tax gain from the sale of our 30% interest in the Western Geco seismic business to Schlumberger Ltd.
Capital investment of $1.127 billion in 2007 was up 22% from $922 million in 2006. Of the total investment, 49% was devoted
to rental tools and equipment in global oper- ations, 12% was used to build new facilities as part of our worldwide expansion, and 39% was spent on expanding engineering and manufacturing capacity.
Baker Hughes also repurchased 6.4 mil- lion shares of common stock in 2007, at
an average price of $81.25, for a total of $521.5 million. At the end of 2007, the company had authorization remaining to repurchase approximately $824.0 million
in common stock. On December 31, 2007, Baker Hughes had 315.4 million shares out- standing and $1.054 billion in cash and short-term investments.
Segment Results
Drilling and Evaluation revenues were $5,293 million in 2007, up 14% from
$4,661 million in 2006. Operating profits before tax of $1,396 million in 2007 were 12% higher than the $1,242 million for
this segment in 2006. Highest growth was achieved by the directional drilling, logging- while-drilling and wireline logging product lines at INTEQ and formation evaluation prod- uct line at Baker Atlas. Drilling and Evaluation segment pre-tax operating margin was 26% for 2007 and 27% in 2006.
Completion and Production revenues grew by 18% to $5,135 million in 2007 from $4,367 million in 2006. The segment’s oper- ating profits in 2007 were $1,112 million, up 18% from $942 million in 2006. The pre-tax operating margin for both 2007 and 2006 was 22%. Growth in the Completion and Production segment is consistent with the industry’s increased emphasis on maximizing recovery from oil and natural gas reservoirs. Our completions and electrical submersible pump (ESP) product lines at Baker Oil Tools and Centrilift, respectively, had the highest growth rates, while the specialty chemical business at Baker Petrolite also achieved steady gains. The ProductionQuest production optimization business unit, which was formed in 2006, achieved solid revenue growth in 2007.
Regional Performance
In 2007, Baker Hughes continued to implement our strategy of increasing our presence and growing our business in key countries where the long-term growth poten- tial is the highest. In 2005, we organized our operations into four geographic regions to
 
have a consistent approach in each market across our product lines and to place decision- making authority closer to our customers. This organization, in combination with our signifi- cant investments in infrastructure, equipment and people, resulted in significant growth in our targeted markets.
Latin America
Revenues in the Latin America region, which includes Mexico, Central and South America, increased 20% in 2007 to $990 mil- lion from $827 million in 2006.
Increased business in Brazil, where reve- nues were up 65% for the year, was the most important factor in the region’s growth during the year. A significant project to provide high- end directional drilling and logging-while- drilling services to Petrobras in its Marlim
Sul and Roncador deepwater fields started
up during the year. To support this activity, Baker Hughes built a new, larger facility at the Macaé service base, invested in field equipment and hired and trained 134 local engineers and technicians.
Also in Brazil, Centrilift has applied its advanced ESP subsea booster system tech- nology to help Petrobras produce efficiently from its Jubarte, Espadarte and Golfinho deepwater fields.
Baker Hughes also gained business in Colombia through increased industry activity and Mexico through increased market share. Revenue in Venezuela was up slightly during the year even though international oil com- panies were re-evaluating their positions
in the country in light of contract revisions imposed by the government and the national oil company.
Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian
Revenue in the Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian (EARC) region was $3,066 million for 2007, up 24% from $2,473 million
in 2006. While the North Sea and other Euro- pean markets still accounted for about 50% of the region’s revenues during the year, a major contributor in the region’s growth dur- ing the year was an 80% increase in revenue in Russia.
In late 2006, Baker Hughes placed all its operations in Russia under the leadership of
a senior Baker Hughes executive in the role
of President, Baker Hughes Russia. Though it was a departure from the Baker Hughes divi- sional business model, the country manage- ment structure was considered the most effective way for us to operate in the Russian market. To support the new organization, Baker Hughes increased its investment in facil- ities, equipment and people in Russia. Subse- quently, Baker Hughes has provided services for all the major Russian production asso- ciations and national companies, including Gazprom and Rosneft, as well as interna- tional companies operating in the country.
During the year, Baker Hughes gained integrated project management business, serving a national oil company on nine rigs with sidetracking services using drill bits, directional drilling and measurement-while- drilling technology, as well as casing exit
and completion equipment and services.
Our Russian operations also received orders for INTEQ directional drilling services, sand control completions, and Centrilift ESP sys- tems for horizontal wells in the newly devel- oped Vankor field in Eastern Siberia. Our production optimization experts from Baker Oil Tools and ProductionQuest installed two Intelligent Well Systems in the Valdelp field in Western Siberia. Hughes Christensen began servicing a drill bit management program for TNK-BP’s Orenburg, Nyagan and Samotlor business units. The Russian wireline logging and perforating business grew rapidly in Western Siberia and from Sakhalin Island, with services conducted both by Baker Atlas and our ONGF subsidiary. In addition, Baker Petrolite gained production chemical business in Siberia and in the Arctic region.
In Astrakhan in southern Siberia, Baker Hughes Russia helped Gazprom and its drilling subsidiary Burgas drill a well below 13,000 feet, through difficult formations where vertical drilling is extremely challeng- ing. Baker Hughes provided integrated opera- tions on the project, which included INTEQ’s VertiTrakTM vertical drilling system, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids PERFORMAXTM and
This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter
to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be sub- stantially different from actual results, which are affected
by many factors, including those listed in ”Risk Factors“ and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condi- tion and Results of Operations” contained in Items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incor- porated for its year ended December 31, 2007. The use
of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are
not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
2007 Annual Report 3
 Baker Hughes achieved record revenues, exceeding $10 billion for the first time, while also earning its highest annual operating profit. We are pleased with the progress we have made in growing our business in key geographic markets, which contributed $879 million in incre- mental revenue during the year.
  
4 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 Latin America»
INTEQ expanded operations significantly in Brazil as it began operations on a major deepwater directional drilling and LWD contract. INTEQ is drilling and evalu- ating complex horizontal wells using AutoTrakTM rotary steerable systems and advanced measure- ments like the TesTrakTM formation pressure tester.
  Centrilift demonstrated that its ESP technology can create value in sub- sea applications with the successful startup of booster systems in three of Brazil’s deep- water fields.
 Deepwater activity in Brazil contributed to Baker Hughes growth in Latin America.
  
PENETREXTM mud systems, and Hughes Christensen’s GenesisTM ZX technology PDC drill bits.
Finally, INTEQ helped Exxon Neftegas Lim- ited drill the world’s longest Extended Reach Drilling (ERD) well from Sakhalin Island, using the AutoTrak system and a full range of log- ging-while-drilling services to reach a total depth of 37,014 feet. In early 2008, INTEQ helped ExxonMobil break this record with an extended reach well of 38,322 feet, and Baker Oil Tools installed a record-length liner to complete the well.
Baker Hughes also made gains in Africa during 2007, with significant growth in Alge- ria, Libya, Equatorial Guinea and Angola. In Algeria, INTEQ gained a six-rig integrated ser- vice contract to provide well engineering, as well as tools and services in a new gas field in the southwestern region of Algeria. In Libya, Baker Hughes gained market share by provid- ing products and services to serve the emerg- ing exploration market while helping Libyan oil companies maximize production from mature fields. In Equatorial Guinea, Baker Oil Tools performed more than 50 frac pack well completions using its Modular Stimulation Vessel technology.
In Angola, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids scored a significant success by providing MICRO-WASHTM remediation fluid to signfi- cantly restore productivity from two deep- water wells where oil based drilling fluids had impeded flow from the reservoir. This technol- ogy has strong prospects for 2008 as its use in additional wells is planned in West Africa and the Middle East.
Middle East, Asia Pacific
Baker Hughes‘ revenues in the Middle East, Asia Pacific (MEAP) region increased 17% during the year, reaching $2,015 mil- lion, up from $1,729 million in 2006. This growth was paced by activity in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, China, India and Malaysia.
We are excited about opportunities to expand our business in the Middle East, and our focus on this market showed positive results in 2007.
Saudi Arabia has been leading growth for Baker Hughes in the Middle East, with activity increasing rapidly and revenue nearly tripling since 2005. Baker Hughes technology has enabled Saudi Aramco to pursue an aggres- sive strategy of applying horizontal wells to achieve “maximum reservoir contact” and maximize production from new and existing fields. Our drill bit technology, rotary steerable systems, logging-while-drilling, remote oper- ations centers and high performance fluid systems have been applied on up to 30 rigs simultaneously in the Kingdom.
Baker Oil Tools has applied a wide range of completion equipment in Saudi Arabia, including Intelligent Well Systems in multilat- eral wells and high-pressure, high-temperature completion strings for deep gas wells. Our EQUALIZERTM inflow control device for horizon- tal wells has been installed in nearly 200 miles of horizontal hole in the country, helping max- imize oil recovery and limit water production.
In Qatar, revenues increased 58% from 2006, as Baker Hughes applied drilling, for- mation evaluation and completion technolo- gies to help develop the country’s significant natural gas reserves.
In China, Baker Hughes provided technol- ogy and service for extended reach drilling and sand control completions for both inter- national and national oil companies offshore in Bohai Bay and the South China Sea. Suc- cess on these ongoing projects helped Baker Hughes gain work onshore for a national
oil company. Excellent performance in geo- steering a horizontal well in the Jidong field helped establish an agreement to provide ongoing services in the area. INTEQ also introduced its VertiTrakTM vertical drilling sys- tem to drill difficult formations onshore China.
Baker Hughes‘ business in India increased 29% in 2007 compared to 2006, as our oper- ations serviced ONGC, Reliance and other operators in deepwater markets.
In Malaysia, revenues climbed 86% from 2006 as we provided drilling fluids to deep- water rigs, INTEQ began a 50-well directional drilling project for Talisman Malaysia, Baker Atlas delivered high-end logging services, and
$300 $250 $200 $150 $100
$50 $0
Latin America Revenues
2005–2007, by Quarter (In millions)
2005 2006 2007
2007 Annual Report 5
 Drilling and Evaluation revenues were up 14% in 2007 compared to 2006, and operating profits were 12% higher as pre-tax operating margins averaged 26% for the year. Highest growth was achieved by the directional drilling, logging-while-drilling and wireline logging product lines.
                         
6 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 Completion and Production revenues grew 18% and the segment’s operating profits also were up 18% from 2006. Rapid growth in the Completion and Production segment is consistent with the industry’s increased emphasis on maximizing recovery from oil and natural
gas reservoirs.
$900 $800 $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian Revenues
2005–2007, by Quarter (In millions)
ProductionQuest installed fiber optic well monitoring systems in two wells for the national oil company.
North America
North America remains our largest region. Revenues of $4,358 million in 2007 were up 9% compared to $4,000 million in 2006.
The average North America rotary rig count was essentially flat from 2006 to 2007 at 2,111 rigs. While the total U.S. rig count was up 7%, the average offshore rig count dropped 19% year to year, ending the year at 64 rigs. Historically high gas storage levels slowed the growth in natural gas-directed drilling, while high oil prices prompted an increase in drilling for oil.
Baker Hughes participated in unconven- tional gas development activities by drilling and completing horizontal wells in the Barnett and Woodford shale plays in North Texas and Oklahoma. Business for Baker Petrolite and Centrilift was generally strong throughout North America as demand for their production- related products and services grew despite a flat rig count. In the Rocky Mountains, Baker Petrolite foamer treatments and Centrilift pump technology were utilized to remove water from gas wells to enable them to produce efficiently.
In the Gulf of Mexico, Baker Hughes participated in the deepwater market with a wide range of services. Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids introduced its new RHEO-LOGICTM synthetic based system on wells as deep as 29,500 feet. Baker Oil Tools installed several Intelligent Well Systems including five at water depths greater than 8,000 feet. Centrilift provided ESP systems for subsea boosters and riser lift systems in waters up
to 8,960 feet deep.
Development drilling activity in Canada dropped significantly in 2007, as the Alberta government imposed higher royalties and the average rig count fell 27% from 2006 levels. In response, Baker Hughes adjusted its oper- ating structure and staffing levels, and relo- cated key personnel to other markets, while preserving our ability to respond when activity
rebounds. Baker Petrolite’s business in the Canadian tar sands grew as the division provided chemicals and services for Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) and oil mining operations.
Investing in Infrastructure
As a leading global service company, Baker Hughes recognizes the need to invest for growth in three areas: infrastructure, tech- nology and people.
We are investing in our infrastructure to establish and reinforce our global presence and to support our engineering and manufac- turing programs.
In 2007, we invested $130 million in
new and upgraded facilities. During the year, we added or expanded 25 operations facilities in 12 countries, including a major support base in Macaé, Brazil. In Dubai, we recently opened a new complex that includes our Middle East, Asia Pacific region headquarters, our Eastern Hemisphere Education Center, a Middle East operations office and repair facil- ity, and a well screen manufacturing plant.
We also have completed the first phase
of our Center for Technology Innovation in Houston, a world-class facility focused on the development of completion and production technologies. The center has unique capabili- ties for testing well completion components at extremely high pressures and temperatures. During the year, we also expanded our tech- nology center in Celle, Germany and added manufacturing capacity for our completions product lines in the United States.
Our investment in infrastructure will continue through 2008 as we build our global platform for accelerated growth in 2009 and beyond.
Investing in Technology
As a key element in our growth strategy, we also increased our investment in technol- ogy during the year. Research and Engineer- ing (R&E) spending in 2007 was $372 million, up 10% from $339 million in 2006. More than 60% of R&E activity was directed at new product development. Baker Hughes teams also conducted joint research projects
                         2005 2006 2007
 
2007 Annual Report 7
 Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian »
INTEQ helped Exxon Neftegaz Limited set the world record for the deepest extended reach well, drilling a hole with a measured depth of more than seven miles from the Yastreb rig on Sakhalin Island, Russia. On the Sakhalin I project, Baker Hughes has drilled 13 of the world’s 15 longest extended reach wells.
  Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids applied its MICRO-WASHTM reme- diation fluid to restore significant oil produc- tion from two dam- aged wells in Angola.
 A Baker Atlas logging crew arrives on location in Siberia.
  
8 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 Middle East and Asia Pacific »
Baker Oil Tools
has installed nearly 200 miles of horizontal completions using
TM EQUALIZER systems
in Saudi Arabia, assuring consistent production over long horizontal wells.
  INTEQ has provided advanced directional drilling services and Baker Oil Tools has delivered sand control completions on hundreds of wells in China’s Bohai Bay and South China Sea. Hughes Christensen drill bits have set drilling records offshore China and have helped Baker Hughes penetrate the competitive onshore market.
 INTEQ began a large directional drilling project offshore Malaysia in 2007.
   
with major customers, including Shell, BP, StatoilHydro, Chevron, Eni and Saudi Aramco.
Of our total capital expenditures of $1.127 billion in 2007, $443 million was devoted to field equipment to upgrade and expand our ability to serve our customers. For example, we added new small-diameter rotary steerable systems for slimhole horizon- tal wells, advanced formation imaging and logging-while-drilling systems, new wireline logging systems and modular pumping units for gravel pack completions.
We continue to seek acquisitions to expand our technology portfolio, especially in the areas of reservoir analysis and produc- tion management.
Investing in People
Baker Hughes‘ workforce grew rapidly in 2006, adding 5,500 employees in an effort to take advantage of new market opportunities. In 2007, the company continued to recruit and hire employees, but at a slower pace, so that we added 1,200 employees to the com- pany by year end.
In 2006 and 2007, we have made a con- siderable investment in training and develop- ing these new employees. In addition to expanded classroom and online training for virtually every technical discipline, we invested in programs to identify and develop young leaders. Our Engineering Development Pro- gram, a two-week program for newly hired engineers, had conducted 34 sessions by
year end, instructing 680 graduates from
42 countries about the oil and gas industry and Baker Hughes. Of the total, 13% were female engineers; we are working to increase the number of women in our technical work force. Our Cornerstone programs for supervi- sors and managers have involved more than 1,600 employees in leadership and manage- ment training during 2007.
Baker Hughes also has established a technical career ladder for engineers and scientists who want to pursue careers as individual contributors in their fields. This program is designed to develop and retain creative minds whose contributions are critical to the company’s future.
In 2007, we also implemented a consis- tent, web-enabled performance management system across the enterprise to provide a for- mal approach to creating and maintaining a high performance culture.
Our succession planning process, estab- lished in 2004, proved effective at filling key positions during the year, including a group president and three division presidents. We also named 10 operations and marketing vice presidents at the divisions, including two women.
Settlement with DOJ and SEC
In April 2007, Baker Hughes reached parallel settlements with the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to resolve the investigations, disclosed in 2002 and 2003, into Baker Hughes’ operations in Angola, Kazakhstan and Nigeria. The total payments to settle these investigations
were $44.1 million, for which the company recorded a reserve in the fourth quarter
of 2006.
The company entered into a Consent Judgment with the SEC and a Deferred Prose- cution Agreement with the DOJ, under which the government will not further prosecute the company for these activities if the company meets the condition of the agreement for two years. The company has hired an independent monitor to oversee its compliance activities for a three-year period.
Since the commencement of these investi- gations in 2002, Baker Hughes has cooper- ated fully with the SEC and DOJ. We con- ducted our own rigorous investigation and
we have openly shared our findings with these agencies. The acts which resulted in these enforcement actions were contrary to our Core Values, our policies and our expecta- tions for ethical behavior. The company has terminated employees and commercial agents that it believes were directly involved. In addi- tion, we have further strengthened the com- pliance culture within the company by making extensive improvements and enhancements to our compliance program.
Middle East, Asia Pacific Revenues
2005–2007, by Quarter (In millions)
$600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
2007 Annual Report 9
 In 2007, Baker Hughes continued to implement our strategy of increas- ing our presence and growing our business in key countries where the long-term growth potential is the highest. Our regional organization and our investments in infrastructure, equipment and people resulted in significant growth in our targeted markets.
                        2005 2006 2007
 
10 Baker Hughes Incorporated
 Most industry forecasts project that the world’s hydrocarbon demand will grow by more than 50% in the next 20 years. To satisfy this grow- ing energy need, oil and gas companies will require the innovation and technologies from companies like Baker Hughes to meet the tech- nical challenges of finding and producing hydrocarbons from new and existing reservoirs.
$1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0
North America Revenues
2005–2007, by Quarter (In millions)
2005 2006
The significant steps we have taken over the past few years to strengthen our global compliance program will play an important role in reinforcing this company’s strong reputation for integrity and ethical behavior.
For example, all management employees and employees working in financial roles have undergone required training regarding busi- ness ethics and legal compliance, with partic- ular emphasis on meeting the requirements of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).
In addition, we launched a global “Completely Compliant” campaign to remind all Baker Hughes employees of their obligation to com- ply with all policies, laws and health, safety and environmental requirements.
Now that we have settled the investiga- tions with the DOJ and SEC, we are able to pursue acquisitions, and refocus on imple- menting our strategy for growth and profit- ability. At the same time, the Deferred Prosecution Agreement and the costs associ- ated with the independent monitor and rigor- ous compliance program will have an ongoing impact on our business.
Optimizing the Organization
The Baker Hughes business model has been based on strong product line divisions focused on providing specific products and services to our customers. In 2005, we enhanced this approach by establishing two segments and by aligning our global opera- tions into four consistent regions with man- agement teams closer to our customers. In 2007, we took several other steps to optimize the organization to improve bottom-line results and sustain growth.
To strengthen management visibility over global operations, I asked our Group Presi- dents, David Barr and Martin Craighead, to each take financial responsibility for two of our operating regions in addition to oversee- ing their product line segments. David will provide leadership for the Middle East, Asia Pacific region and the Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian region and will office in Dubai for six months of each year. Martin will lead the North America and Latin America regions.
Our finance function was reorganized
so that division finance vice presidents now report directly to the chief financial officer instead of the business unit presidents to improve efficiency and consistency and to enhance our ability to comply with account- ing regulations.
After a six-month evaluation, we restruc- tured our Human Resources organization to provide stronger direction from the corporate center and to shift resources to support region operations.
Late in the year, we named a new presi- dent for our ProductionQuest business unit and expanded its production optimization role to include responsibility for integrated services. Previously, our integrated operations and project management group was focused primarily on well construction activities. With our customers’ increasing emphasis on max- imizing recovery from existing fields, there
is a growing demand for production-related project management, as well.
In 2008, we will balance our investment
in growth with a renewed effort at cost man- agement, keeping a tight reign on administra- tive costs and discretionary spending. We will manage our headcount to match activity, and we will continue to develop our local work force internationally to control costs and to increase our local content in countries where we do business. We expect our Eastern Hemi- sphere Education Center in Dubai to have a strong positive impact by improving our ability to train and develop employees from emerg- ing markets.
Outlook
Looking ahead, the global fundamentals for the upstream oil and gas industry remain strong. Most industry forecasts project that the world’s hydrocarbon demand will grow
by more than 50% in the next 20 years. To satisfy this growing energy need, oil and gas companies will increase their spending on exploration, development and production. They will require the innovation and technolo- gies from companies like Baker Hughes to meet the technical challenges of finding and
                        2007
 
obtaining new contracts for its FATHOM
TM
Mexico and providing innovative FOAMTM solutions for dewatering gas wells in the Rocky Mountains. In Canada, Baker Petrolite pursued the tar sands market with treatments used during oil mining and SAGD operations.
2007 Annual Report 11
   North America »
Baker Petrolite made steady gains in North America,
Baker Oil Tools Intelli- gent Well Systems helped a major inde- pendent produce oil efficiently from five wells in more than 8,000 feet of water in the Gulf of Mexico.
deep- water flow assurance programs in the Gulf of
   INTEQ introduced new coiled tubing drilling technology for re-entry drilling in Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle.

12 Baker Hughes Incorporated
  The Baker Hughes executive management team includes (left to right): David H. Barr, Vice President and
Group President, Completion and Production; Peter A. Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Chad C. Deaton, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Alan R. Crain, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; Didier Charreton, Vice President, Human Resources; and Martin S. Craighead, Vice President and Group President, Drilling and Evaluation.
producing hydrocarbons from new and existing reservoirs.
While the long-term projections for E&P spending are strong, we expect the growth rate to moderate this year. In North America, for example, we expect a modest increase in activity in 2008 as strong drilling activity has brought natural gas production growth roughly into balance with demand growth. In this environment, we expect our Comple- tion and Production segment to benefit, as customers seek to optimize production. We expect North America activity to pick up
in 2009.
Outside of North America, we expect our revenues to increase in the low to mid-teens in 2008, as international operators develop reserves in the Middle East, Russia, Africa and Asia.
We expect deepwater drilling activity
to remain flat at least until 2009, when the first new deepwater rigs will begin entering the market.
Facing a somewhat slower anticipated overall growth rate in 2008, we will continue to work to attain pricing in keeping with the
value we create for our customers. Managing costs will be another priority in 2008, with the objective of maintaining acceptable mar- gins as we continue to invest in growth.
James R. Clark Retires
Baker Hughes President and Chief Operat- ing Officer James R. “Rod” Clark retired from the company on January 31, 2008. I want to personally thank Rod for his significant contri- bution to Baker Hughes.
Opportunities for Growth
In conclusion, I believe that 2008 will
be a year of transition for the oilfield service industry. After a year of moderate growth, we expect activity to accelerate. Global hydrocar- bon demand will continue to increase as known oil and gas reserves decline, so oil and gas companies will need to find new fields and maximize production from existing assets. Many new offshore rigs, under construction today, will be delivered over the next few years, enabling growth in deepwater markets. All of this points to strong prospects for this industry for many years to come. With this opportunity in mind, Baker Hughes will con- tinue to invest in infrastructure, technology and people to service the growing demand
in 2009 and well past the end of the decade.
Sincerely,
Chad C. Deaton Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  