 To Our Stockholders
2004 was a strong year in which Baker Hughes delivered record revenues and operating profits. We continued to provide Best-in-Class products and services in a growing oilfield market, and we introduced new technologies that helped customers improve their exploration and production programs. At the same time, we main- tained capital discipline and our emphasis on achieving returns that exceed our cost of capital. Building for the future, we increased our focus on oilfield services, advanced our high performance culture, and began implementing our long-term Strategic Framework.
During the year, the worldwide rig count rose to its highest level since 1986, as prices for oil and natural gas reached historic highs. In 2004, Baker Hughes’ business grew faster than drilling activity. Revenues of $6.1 billion were up 16.2% from the prior year, while the worldwide rotary rig count rose 10.1%. Operating
profit after tax was $528.2 million in 2004, up 61.0% from $328.0 million (excluding non-operational charges) in 2003. (See
the “Selected Financial Highlights” for reconciliation of operating profit after tax to income from continuing operations.) Our oilfield operating margins, excluding WesternGeco, were 16.9% in 2004, up from 14.4% in the prior year, reflecting higher demand and stronger pricing.
Despite strong commodity prices in 2004, several factors restrained upstream activity. These included a disciplined capital approach by large integrated customers, strikes in Norway, strikes and political dis- ruption in Nigeria, and hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico. Activity fell in the North Sea and did not increase significantly in the Gulf of Mexico. Both are important markets for Baker Hughes.
Oilfield Focus
During the year, we completed the divestiture of our remaining non-oilfield operations. In January 2004, we closed on the sale of BIRD Machine to Group Andritz of Austria. In March, we sold our remain- ing interest in Petreco International to Cooper Cameron Corporation. And in September, we sold Baker Hughes Mining Tools to Atlas Copco North America, Inc.
Operations Highlights
During 2004, all seven Baker Hughes product line divisions increased revenues, margins and operating profits, and
 4 Baker Hughes Incorporated
This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking state- ments within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed
in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2004. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.

 New Baker Hughes technologies improved drilling performance in 2004. Here, at Hughes Christensen, technicians prepare the drilling simulator to test a new Genesis® XT PDC drill bit under downhole conditions.
2004 Annual Report 5

 In 2004, Baker Hughes deployed several innovative technologies for formation evaluation. Here, tech- nicians assemble an INTEQ Acoustic Properties eXplorerSM logging-while-drilling system, developed using Baker Atlas wireline technology.
6 Baker Hughes Incorporated

improved their return on capital compared to 2003.
In 2004, Centrilift again delivered a record year for revenues and profitability. Strong oil and gas prices drove worldwide demand for electric submersible pumps (ESPs), while growth in the Eastern Hemi- sphere made the largest contribution. To support the growing business in Russia and the Middle East, Centrilift commissioned new ESP service centers in Western Siberia and Dubai. The division also established North American manufacturing capabilities for its growing LifteqTM progressing cavity pump line.
Baker Petrolite’s revenues increased 14.7%, with growth in all product lines. The oilfield chemical business grew world- wide as customers strived to optimize mature field production. Baker Petrolite established a venture with Sonangol, the National Oil Company in Angola. The divi- sion’s pipeline management group had strong demand for its FLO® drag reducing agents and enhanced its pipeline integrity business, adding new technology to the CPIGTM in-line inspection offering. Baker Petrolite’s EXCALIBURTM metals removal technology enabled refining customers to process low-grade “opportunity” crudes, and its TOLADTM Silver Shield fuel additive helped gasoline marketers reduce sulfur in fuel and avoid damage to vehicles. Throughout the year, the division was able to offset rising material costs through improved manufacturing efficiency and price increases.
INTEQ delivered solid performance
in 2004 with record revenues and a
strong improvement in profitability.
With industry-leading experience, the AutoTrak® rotary steerable system has now
drilled more than 10 million feet. INTEQ
expanded its AutoTrak fleet with the first
commercial applications of its 4-3/4” and
3-1/8” rotary closed loop systems. INTEQ
also deployed new formation evaluation
technology, including its Acoustic Proper-
ties eXplorerSM system and TesTrakSM forma-
tion pressure tester. These new Logging
While Drilling (LWD) systems were run in
conjunction with the AutoTrak system in
high-profile wells in the North Sea and
West Africa, and were recognized with
Return on Assets
2002–2004, by Quarter (Annualized Operating Profit After Tax, Divided by Total Assets)
12% 10%
 Spotlight on New Technology Awards at 8%
the 2004 Offshore Technology Conference. 6%
          During 2004, the drilling fluids product line was separated from INTEQ to form a stand-alone division, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids. The new division is focused on providing drilling and completions fluids and services, as well as drilling fluids environmental services. During the year, the division successfully launched its PERFORMAXTM water-based drilling fluid, which is designed to enhance drilling performance while meeting strict environ- mental requirements. The division also demonstrated its leadership in deepwater operations by providing SYN-TEQ® CF syn- thetic emulsion fluids, fluids engineering software, and dynamic kill drilling services.
Hughes Christensen had a record year in revenues and profits. In 2004, the divi- sion set a goal of drilling “further, faster” than competitors with each of its bits. The company maintained its position as the leader in PDC and Tricone® drill bits with the introduction of new technology. New Genesis® XT PDC bits, with enhanced cut- ters and other design improvements, set records for penetration rates and bit life during the year. Hughes Christensen’s new Mini-MXTM bits extended the performance
4%
2%
0%
2002 2003 2004
   2004 Annual Report 7

 $65 $60 $55 $50 $45 $40 $35 $30
Revenue per Employee
2002–2004, by Quarter (In thousands)
2002 2003 2004
advantages of metal-sealed bearings to slim-hole wells. The unique HedgeHogTM impregnated diamond bit line continued to improve drilling performance in Algeria and other areas with hard and abrasive rock. The division also had its initial successful runs with the EZ-CaseTM bit for drilling
well liners into place in problem forma- tions. Hughes Christensen’s performance was strong in all geographic areas, with exceptional growth in the Middle East.
Baker Oil Tools’ revenues increased 16.4% in 2004. During the year, the divi- sion successfully installed the first inte- grated multilateral, intelligent well and sand control completion system in Norway, and it set horizontal gravel pack records
in a deepwater well in the U.K. In Egypt, Baker Oil Tools provided high pressure/high temperature completion systems in a deep- water field, and ran its first expandable liner extension to isolate a gas zone. The division also introduced new techniques to sidetrack wells to renew their productivity. These innovations included through-tubing casing exit systems for exotic alloys and underbalanced operations, and the Path- MakerTM mill to drill through casing and into the formation, which Baker Oil Tools co-developed with Hughes Christensen.
Baker Altas had an exceptional year in 2004, building upon prior success by intro- ducing new technologies and expanding into new markets. The new Magnetic Resonance ExplorerSM service uses next- generation NMR technology to evaluate rock formations and the fluids they con- tain. The EARTH ImagerSM service acquires high resolution borehole images in oil- based mud to help clients understand the stratigraphic layers along the well. The new Predator XPSM perforating system improves
productivity by penetrating deeply into the formation. And the new WellLinkSM Livewire service uses the Internet to deliver wellbore data to clients so they can make better decisions, faster. Baker Atlas also began new service operations in Equatorial Guinea, India, Kazakhstan and Russia dur- ing the year.
Corporate Culture
I have been impressed with the company’s commitment to building a
High Performance Culture, particularly its dedication to integrity and compliance. Baker Hughes remains committed to the highest ethical standards in all that we do, and we will continue to abide by applica- ble laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which we do business.
Over the past year, we have devoted significant resources to review our business practices and procedures as part of our certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe that transparency is an essential element in any successful cor- porate governance program, and we have made it integral to ours.
Financial Flexibility
During the year, Baker Hughes contin- ued to strengthen its balance sheet. We retired $350 million in debt that matured in the second quarter. As a result, the com- pany has reduced debt by over $1.7 billion from peak levels in 2000. Our total debt- to-capitalization ratio now stands at 23%, providing the company significant financial flexibility to pursue its strategic initiatives and to leverage opportunities that may arise in our industry.
We continue to exercise discipline in the evaluation of our capital projects. Significant
                   8
Baker Hughes Incorporated

 Baker Hughes completion systems were installed on major deepwater projects in 2004. Here, Baker Oil Tools field service representatives prepare a large-diameter service packer to be run in a deep- water well.
2004 Annual Report 9

 Seated: (l-r) Chad C. Deaton, Chairman and CEO; Alan R. Crain, Jr., V.P. and General Counsel. Standing: (l-r) Greg Nakanishi, V.P. Human Resources; James R. Clark, President and COO; G. Stephen Finley, Sr. V.P. Finance and Administration and CFO.
opportunities across the enterprise compete for funding and are ranked on the basis of risk-adjusted return. Through our Product Development Management process, we evaluate all potential new products both for their technical merit and for their ability to generate ade- quate returns.
Because the oilfield service business is cyclical, it is prone to periods of overcapac- ity, making it difficult to obtain fair pricing in relation to the value we create for our clients. We will continue to exercise cau- tion in adding capacity, and will do so
only when needed to meet long-term market demand.
Outlook
Although we see oil prices moderat- ing from the high levels seen in 2004, we expect worldwide oil demand to continue to increase 2-3% this year. In addition,
we expect our clients to increase their upstream spending programs by 9-12% in 2005.
Demand for natural gas will continue to support relatively high levels of land-based drilling in North America. We also expect higher levels of activity in the Gulf of Mexico as deepwater development pro- ceeds and in the North Sea where inde- pendents are ramping up operations. We expect total international activity to be up 9-11% in 2005.
Overall, we are optimistic about 2005. Baker Hughes is well-positioned to capital- ize on opportunities wherever they arise.
Mike Wiley Retires
Michael E. Wiley retired from his position as Chairman and CEO of Baker Hughes on October 25, 2004. Mike came to Baker Hughes with a unique vision, and under his direction the company adopted our Core Values and developed the long- term strategies that set the course for the company. We thank Mike for his wise counsel, his dedication and his strong leadership. We wish him the best in his future endeavors.
In closing, I would like to thank our customers and our employees for making 2004 a year of record success for Baker Hughes. This organization is a strong tech- nology leader, whose success is driven by professionals who are dedicated to our customers. I am proud to be part of Baker Hughes, and I look forward to the chal- lenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Chad C. Deaton
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 10 Baker Hughes Incorporated
