2 Baker Hughes Incorporated
to ouR StockholdeRS
  2009 was an important year of transition for Baker Hughes. In a difficult market, we made several strategic moves to enhance our ability to compete on a global scale and fully participate in the most significant opportuni- ties in our industry over the next decade.
During the year, we reorganized to be more responsive to our customers, relocating operational leadership from our existing offices to 32 region and geomarket offices around the world. We created enterprise- wide marketing, technology and supply chain organizations to focus on key market segments, optimize our product portfolio, accelerate the pace of product introduction, and improve our operational efficiency. We also reached agreement to acquire BJ Services Company, a provider of pressure pumping and other oilfield services. BJ Services will add significant capabilities in pressure pump- ing and stimulation, closing a significant gap in our technology portfolio.
In 2009, the world faced the worst global recession since the Great Depression and demand for energy fell in step with the decline in economic activity. Capital spend- ing by our customers, as measured by the Barclays Capital Spending Survey, declined 15% in 2009 compared to 2008. The aver- age U.S. active rotary rig count of 1,090 in 2009 was down 42%, from 1,879 rigs in 2008, and the average international rig count of 997 was down 8% for the year.
Baker Hughes revenues of $9.66 billion in 2009 were down 19% from $11.86 bil- lion in 2008. Net income was $421 million
Chad C. Deaton Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
or $1.36 per diluted share compared to $1.64 billion or $5.30 per diluted share in 2008. North America revenues declined 31% and revenues outside of North America fell 9% in 2009 compared to 2008.
The year ended with a bit of good news. Worldwide revenue increased 9% sequen- tially in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2009 as activity increased
in all geographic regions.
Net income for 2009 was impacted by
charges of $250 million before tax ($0.55 per diluted share), including $138 million associated with reorganization and sever- ance, $18 million in acquisition-related costs, and an increase of $94 million to our allow- ance for doubtful accounts, as many of our domestic and international customers strug- gled in the challenging economic conditions of 2009. Our operating profit margin for
the year was impacted by the lower activity levels, significant price erosion, and the extra costs we carried to ensure a smooth organi- zational transition. Given the progress we have made on our transformation, these additional costs should largely be behind
us as we enter 2010.
During 2009, debt decreased $533 mil-
lion to $1.80 billion, and cash and short- term investments decreased $360 million to $1.60 billion as compared to 2008. Capital expenditures were $1.09 billion, depreciation and amortization expense was $711 million and dividend payments were $185 million
in 2009.
Strategic Direction
For the past several years, Baker Hughes has invested significantly in people, infra- structure and technology. These investments served as the foundation for the next set of strategic actions designed to help us increase market share and achieve long-term profit- able growth. We communicated this strategy to our organization with the visual aid of a simple pyramid, as depicted on the inside cover of this annual report.
In brief, increasing market share and achieving long-term profitable growth requires Baker Hughes to pursue two related enterprise strategies: continue to build global capabilities to serve our customers around the world, and deploy customized local solu- tions to meet our customers’ needs in each geographic market.
We further identified three imperatives that are critical to the implementation of these strategies. First, improve our customer focus, so we can better understand our customers and proactively meet their needs. Second, achieve operational effectiveness and improve our overall cost position. Third, optimize our existing technology portfolio and fill strategic gaps, including our reser- voir engineering capabilities and pressure pumping services. To implement these imper- atives, we launched a number of initiatives, including a major reorganization and tar- geted acquisitions.
 This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “estimate”, “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including the pending BJ Services acqui- sition, and those listed in ”Risk Factors“ and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2009. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.

 Improve Customer Focus: Moving to a Geomarket Model
Our first imperative is to improve cus- tomer focus, and that means getting closer to our customers. The reorganization we implemented in May was based on moving from a portfolio-managed company with all the leadership in the southern United States, to a geomarket organization with Eastern and Western Hemispheres, nine presidents in regions around the world, and 23 geomarket managing directors on the ground in all the major markets.
The geographic organization improves customer focus in a number of ways. By locating senior management within the geo- markets, decision-making authority is closer to our customers and decisions can be made at “customer speed”. By organizing the prod- uct line field operations into geomarket oper- ating units, we have improved our ability
to deliver multi-product solutions specifically tailored to meet local requirements.
Over the last three years, we made a determined and successful effort to hire local talent to constitute the largest share of our regional management, and we are developing other employees so they can fill leadership roles at the geomarket, region and hemisphere levels. In addition, we have placed nationals in executive roles within each of the regions and have attracted senior executives from other companies, including companies outside of the oilfield services industry, to fill some of these positions.
Moscow Paris
Calgary
Houston
London
This more-focused market approach is giving us the granular view we need to establish the right expert teams, drive the right market-based technology needs, and develop the right infrastructure in the right places around the world.
Achieve Operational Excellence: Improving Supply Chain and Administrative Functions
With operations in more than 90 coun- tries, we know that managing our supply chain effectively is one of the single largest opportunities for improving execution and reducing costs; in fact, we estimate that we can save as much as $300 million over several years through implementation of enterprise supply chain strategies.
We formed our Global Supply Chain and Manufacturing organization in 2009 so that we could achieve synergies from combining our product line manufacturing capabilities. The new organization leverages our global footprint of manufacturing facilities, suppliers and logistics expertise. Optimizing our supply chain will be an important area of focus in 2010 and beyond.
As part of our cost reduction efforts, we are also targeting $50 million in annual savings through outsourcing specific shared services functions in 2010, and we are making improvements in our information technology infrastructure.
In a difficult market, we made several strategic moves to enhance our
ability to compete on a global scale and fully participate in the most significant opportunities in our industry over the next decade.
Rio de Janeiro
Regional Headquarters
Geomarket Headquarters
Dubai
Kuala Lumpur
2009 Annual Report 3

4 Baker Hughes Incorporated
  Our research and development and technology centers, including the Celle Technology Center (in Germany) and Center for Technology and Innovation (in Houston), play a vital role in developing the market leading technologies necessary to meet future needs of
our customers.
    Research
Optimize the Product Portfolio: Promoting Market-Driven Solutions
In restructuring the company, we did not want to lose sight of the many benefits of focusing on products. We elected to maintain product line teams responsible
for research and development and for effi- ciently delivering products and services to the geomarkets.
Our Products and Technology organization is comprised of three product centers which are grouped to enable technical synergies and the development of broad, multi-product line customer solutions. The Drilling & Evalu- ation product center focuses on drill bits, drilling systems, and logging-while-drilling and wireline products and services for forma- tion evaluation. The Completion & Produc- tion product center develops well completion technologies and artificial lift systems, and the Fluids & Chemicals product center deliv- ers drilling fluids and production chemicals.
Innovation
We also took bold steps in 2008 and 2009 to cultivate a strong reservoir capability within Baker Hughes, acquiring Gaffney, Cline and Associates; GeoMechanics Interna- tional; Helix (now Baker) RDS; and Epic Consulting to form the Reservoir Technology Consulting (RTC) group. Today, RTC boasts nearly 400 seasoned industry professionals with backgrounds in petrophysics, geology, geomechanics and geophysics, and offers
a range of expertise from field evaluation
to completion and production. This team’s global activities connect directly to Baker Hughes’ services for oil and gas wells,
and present significant opportunities to increase business.
The Products and Technology team is also responsible for our technology and product centers, our global marketing functions, and our product and service reliability initiatives. Our technology and product centers com- prise our global technology network, linking
Reliability
 Our technology and product centers comprise our global technology network, linking central research and development with commercial applications.

2009 Annual Report 5
   central research and development with com- mercial applications. In 2010, we will begin construction of two regional technology cen- ters located in Brazil and Saudi Arabia. These centers will focus on commercialization of technical solutions which span our portfolio and address the specific challenges faced
by our customers in Latin America and the Middle East. The global marketing team bridges the geographic and product line organizations to develop and deliver market strategies and the reliability team is respon- sible for quality in manufacturing and for reliable execution in the field.
BJ Services Merger
In addition to building our reservoir cap- abilities throughout 2009, we announced a proposed merger with BJ Services Company. This transaction will bring pressure pumping and stimulation capabilities to the company, in addition to a number of other comple- mentary technologies.
BJ Services’ capabilities in cementing, coiled tubing, hydraulic fracturing and off- shore pressure pumping will advance Baker Hughes’ competitive position in all of our strategic market segments, particularly in unconventional gas and deepwater projects, which have the highest potential for growth in the next decade.
Pressure pumping is an important com- ponent of many integrated operations proj- ects, and we have partnered with BJ Services
By locating senior authority is closer “customer speed”.
on such projects in the past. With the com- bination of Baker Hughes and BJ Services, we can compete on an equal footing with companies that already have this capability. Pressure pumping is also a key service in deepwater projects, which require fracturing, cementing and gravel packing services, and combining capabilities with BJ Services will make Baker Hughes a leader in this area.
BJ Services also is a leader in shale frac- turing technology and services in North America, and has operating bases in most of the key shale basins. Significant opportunities exist for Baker Hughes and BJ Services to integrate their respective technologies.
Compliance
Over the past several years, our employ- ees have undertaken a broad range of com- pliance initiatives that focus on our Core Values of Integrity, Teamwork, Performance and Learning. These initiatives are at the heart of how we work every day, and I commend and thank all employees for their efforts in this regard.
While compliance remains every employ- ee’s responsibility, we have established a professional Ethics and Compliance group within our legal department to guide and implement our compliance program under the direction of the Audit & Ethics commit- tee of the Board of Directors, our General Counsel and our Chief Compliance Officer.
Our new geographical model gives Baker Hughes tremendous opportunities to drive standardized and rationalized processes and to improve our operational efficiencies in supply chain and manufacturing activities.
Opportunities and Outlook
Looking forward, Baker Hughes will focus on a number of areas which provide opportunities for long-term growth, includ- ing relationships with national oil compa- nies, development of unconventional gas reservoirs, and deepwater exploration
and production.
National oil companies control more than eighty percent of the world’s hydrocarbon reserves and each national oil company has unique requirements. Our geomarket organ- ization allows us to tailor our product and technology capabilities and local content programs to meet each national oil com- pany’s needs.
Within North America, the unconven- tional gas fields present the greatest oppor- tunity for oilfield service companies. With the pending addition of BJ Services, Baker Hughes can compete with a full breadth of products and services for each of these opportunities.
In 2009, in anticipation of a burgeoning deepwater exploration and production mar- ket, we formed a geomarket organization specifically focused on Gulf of Mexico cus- tomers. In addition, we increased our pres- ence in Brazil by investing in new facilities, adding to our local workforce and signing a technology agreement with Petrobras. We also expanded our operations in West Africa, adding new facilities in Angola and Nigeria. We are well positioned to increase our share of products, technology and ser- vices for this critical market.
 management within the geomarkets, decision-making to our customers and decisions can be made at

 6 Baker Hughes Incorporated
Baker Hughes is committed to hiring local talent within our regions, and to developing that talent to fill leadership roles at the geomarket, region and hemisphere levels.
Horn River
Shale Gas Plays
Mancos Hermosa
Antrim
New Albany
Athabasca-Peace River-Cold Lake Bakken
Cody
Gammon
Hilliard-Baxter-Mancos
Excello
Fayetteville Woodford-
Mulky Pierre Woodford
Lewis
Bend
Barnett
Barnett- Woodford
Pearsall-Eagle Ford
Chattanooga
Caney Haynesville
Eagle Ford
Floyd- Neal
Conasauga
Looking forward, gas-directed drilling in North America is gradually increasing, and we believe this trend will likely con- tinue through 2010. However, strength of the unconventional gas business is depen- dent on continued improvement in supply and demand fundamentals and natural gas prices.
Internationally, we believe that customer spending reached its low point in the third quarter of 2009. Forecasts for increasing economic growth – particularly in China,
India and the Middle East – combined with modest spare production capacity, are sup- porting higher oil prices and laying the foundation for increased spending in 2010.
In the long term, significantly higher exploration and development activity will be needed to offset production declines and ultimately grow energy supplies. As the worldwide economy recovers, demand for our technologies and services will increase. With our new customer-focused organiza- tion and our strategic actions, which include the planned merger with BJ Services, we believe that we are emerging from this cycle a stronger global competitor.
In closing, I thank our stockholders and customers for their confidence in Baker Hughes as we took bold steps to transform our company in 2009.
I also recognize the contributions of our employees, who have worked hard to serve our customers while adopting a new organi- zation and business model that will enable long-term growth and profitability.
Sincerely,
Chad C. Deaton
Chairman, President and CEO
With our new customer-focused organization and our strategic actions, which include the planned merger with BJ Services, we believe that we are emerging from this cycle a stronger global competitor.
Devonian-Marcellus-Utica
