LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2012 was a year in which Baker Hughes demonstrated that by investing in the right technologies in the right geographies, we are anticipating our customers' needs and delivering integrated solutions to materially improve ultimate recovery.
While 2013 is certain to bring its own unique challenges, we are bullish that the thirst for energy will continue rising as the world's population keeps growing and global living standards improve. We see tremendous opportunity for Baker Hughes to help meet that demand for energy, and the brightest opportunities will come from deep water, especially in the Gulf of Mexico, and from unconventional resource developments. In fact, one of our newest products, the AutoTrakTM Curve rotary steerable drilling system­specifically designed for horizontal drilling in shales­delivered phenomenal success for Baker Hughes in 2012 by drilling 3 million feet (914,400 meters) in the onshore U.S. in less then two years since being launched. Several other new products for unconventionals also had stellar performance: Baker Hughes TalonTM and KymeraTM drill bits and our FracPointTM multizone hydraulic fracturing completion system. The well-documented oversupply of hydraulic fracturing horsepower in the U.S. and Canada clearly impacted our Pressure Pumping product line results this year. While we expect many of the capacity and logistical challenges to remain for the short term, we believe we have made significant improvements in this product line and will emerge stronger when balance returns to the market. Baker Hughes made the decision to retool this business by taking a differential approach to technology development and addressing supply chain and logistics issues to generate better margins. As a result, we're seeing improvements in this product line, and we expect the trend to continue. Early in 2012 we opened our 11th global technology center in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, to focus on the rapidly expanding unconventional market in the Middle East. We expect that center to complement our alignment with customers who most value reliable, efficient, and integrated solutions to the challenges of unconventionals.

Martin Craighead, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chad C. Deaton, Executive Chairman of the Board

2

An integral part of our success in breakthrough innovations is due to our ongoing investment in research and development. Our 2012 investment of nearly $500 million was dedicated to strengthening our core competencies in Drill Bits, Drilling Services, Completions, and Artificial Lift technologies, and in developing solutions for the unconventional, deepwater, and high-pressure/high-temperature oil and gas frontiers. Our technology investments warrant a long-term view and a commitment to stay the course throughout the business cycle. One outcome of that investment is taking place at our Center for Technology Innovation (CTI) in Houston, where our experts are collaborating across disciplines to unlock the key to monobore completions that are integrated with intelligent production systems for the ultra-deepwater, frontier wells in the Gulf of Mexico. Among our successes this year is our record on health, safety, and environmental initiatives. Highlights include reducing injuries among short-service employees, which is particularly meaningful for our field operations. We also placed a great deal of emphasis on transportation and driver safety, and showed improvement in these areas as well. However, we cannot be satisfied until every employee arrives home safely at the end of the day. To offer an end-to-end customer experience, Baker Hughes delivered industry-leading environmental initiatives in 2012, especially in hydraulic fracturing technology. Our emphasis on transparency, cleaner fluids, and a reduced on-site footprint enables us to bring a full suite of environmentally safe and compliant solutions to customers worldwide. For example, we recently designed, tested, and commercialized new bifuel engines for our fleets that leverage technology to drive efficiency while simultaneously generating environmental gains. We also recognize that our ability to tackle the world's toughest oil and gas challenges depends on our success in recruiting, retaining, and developing diverse new talent. Baker Hughes' ability to recruit and retain top-notch employees has been extraordinarily successful.

2012 Revenue by Segment
Industrial Services and Other Middle East, Asia Pacific
2010­2012, by Quarter
$1.40 $1.20

6%

North America

Total Adjusted Net Income per Share (Diluted) 15%

Europe, $1.00 Africa, Russia Caspian
$0.80 $0.60 $0.40 $0.20 0

51% 17% 11%
Latin America
2010 2011 2012

Midd Asia

Euro Afri Russia Casp

Total Revenue (in millions)
2010­2012, by Quarter
$6,000 $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000 0

2010

2011

2012

Total Adjusted Net Income per Share (Diluted)
2010­2012, by Quarter
$1.40 $1.20 $1.00 $0.80 $0.60 $0.40 $0.20 0

2010

2011

2012

3

From our network of global research and technology centers to our partnerships with the world's leading academics, universities, and technical schools, we've created thousands of new jobs, especially in North America, and we've attracted considerable new talent to our company, including more than 750 engineers and scientists globally. Another extension of the desire to bring diversity of thought to the table is evidenced by our widespread focus on diversity and inclusion. During 2012, we expanded our focus on inclusion by placing heightened emphasis on performance and talent management dialogue among all employees. We introduced an independent, neutral ombuds program to offer an additional outlet for U.S.-based employees to resolve myriad issues. In addition, we successfully added a diversity and inclusion module to our global management training programs. Twenty-four percent of the recent graduates in engineering, science, and technology positions recruited to Baker Hughes were women, and 20 percent of our employees in leadership and management positions are diverse­further evidence that our nationalization efforts around the globe are maturing. As we head into 2013, our priority is to relentlessly focus on the quality of our earnings and on improving total shareholder returns. In addition to continuing to improve our Pressure Pumping product line in North America, our outlook for International results continues to strengthen. Our investments in infrastructure and technology over the last few years have yielded significant efficiencies. Europe, especially Norway, looks particularly promising in the coming year as we deliver on our large, integrated Drilling Services contract in the North Sea. Sub Sahara Africa operations have continued to exceed customer expectations, and Baker Hughes is well positioned for growth on the East Coast of Africa to facilitate the industry's deepwater discoveries there.

4

We expanded our international presence with our entry into Iraq in 2012. And we believe our Integrated Operations approach in this resource-rich basin will be a meaningful contributor to our results in the long term. In closing, on behalf of the board of directors, we would like to acknowledge the service of our Lead Director, John Riley, who will retire effective April 25, 2013. John has been an influential voice in guiding Baker Hughes over the past 16 years, and we are grateful for his contributions. In addition, we welcomed a new board member early in 2012, Lynn Elsenhans. Lynn is a veteran energy executive, and we look forward to her contributions. We are very optimistic about what Baker Hughes will accomplish in 2013. We believe that now, more than ever, we are well connected to the opportunities that will enable us to deliver the smart technologies and flexible solutions our customers have come to expect from Baker Hughes.

For the past eight years, Chad has led Baker Hughes and has been instrumental in transforming this company into a global competitor. By investing in people, technology, and infrastructure, Chad laid the foundation for meaningful growth, and it is a privilege to now take up that legacy and build upon it for the future. On April 25, Chad will retire from Baker Hughes. On behalf of the Board of Directors and all employees, I would like to acknowledge our gratitude and appreciation for Chad's leadership and vision, and most importantly, his commitment to Baker Hughes' success.

As I prepare to retire from Baker Hughes, I would like to acknowledge the tremendous effort of our leadership team and all our employees to hold ourselves to the highest standards and deliver meaningful results for our customers. For me personally, it has been an honor and a privilege to represent this company and to proactively communicate our efforts to stakeholders and industry around the world. Going forward, Martin and I have spent the past two years planning a smooth transition to a new CEO, and as of April 25, Chairman of the Board. I am confident that we have the right leader in Martin to take Baker Hughes to the next level of performance.

Martin Craighead President and Chief Executive Officer

Chad C. Deaton Executive Chairman of the Board

5

