To Our Stockholders
I am pleased to report that 2005 was an outstanding year for Baker Hughes with record revenues and profits and exceptional growth in the price of our common stock. As worldwide energy pro- duction capacity barely kept pace with growing demand, drilling and production activity continued to increase. With our Strategic Framework in place, Baker Hughes took advantage of opportunities in this active market. We built on our strength in North America while accelerat- ing our growth in the Eastern Hemi- sphere. Our divisions continued to focus on Best-in-Class products and services, and they introduced new, differentiating technologies that created value for cus- tomers and contributed to strong financial results for the year.
Our People Delivered Results
Our more than 29,000 Baker Hughes employees deserve the credit for helping deliver such outstanding results in 2005. Through dedication and hard work, our people achieved record productivity and maintained high standards of safety, qual- ity and service. Our employees made the most of limited resources, and many of them worked extra hours and spent long rotations away from home. I thank our employees for their significant contribu- tions during the year.
Record Performance
Baker Hughes achieved record revenues and profits, as growth exceeded increases in the rig count. In last year’s report,
we projected that drilling activity would increase by 9–11% in 2005. In fact,
Chad C. Deaton, Chairman and CEO
Baker Hughes revenues grew 18% and earnings per diluted share were up 63%, as the average worldwide active rig count increased by 15%.
Revenues were $7.2 billion compared to $6.1 billion in 2004. Income from con- tinuing operations was $874 million in 2005, up 66% from $525 million in 2004. Our oilfield pre-tax operating margin, excluding the WesternGeco joint venture, reached an all time high of 20% in 2005, up from 17% in the prior year, the result of higher demand, greater pro- ductivity and stronger pricing.
Two Segments, Regional Alignment
During 2005, two positive steps aligned our organization to pursue growth opportunities.
First, we created two business segments by forming the Drilling and Evaluation segment (comprised of Hughes Christensen, INTEQ, Baker Atlas and Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids) and the Comple- tion and Production segment (comprised of Baker Oil Tools, Centrilift, Baker Petro- lite and our new Production Optimization business unit).
These two segments are organized around customer needs during distinct phases of oil and gas development. Within each segment, our divisions will focus on cross-divisional opportunities, sharpen their focus on customer relation- ships, develop Best-in-Class technologies, and work together to promote excellence in manufacturing and operations. The segment management will focus on the distinct strategic, technical and capital challenges faced within each segment.
With our Strategic Framework in place, Baker Hughes took advantage of opportunities in this active market. We built on our strength in North America while accelerating our growth in the Eastern Hemisphere. Our divisions continued to focus on Best-in-Class products and services, and they introduced new, differentiating technologies that created value for customers and contributed to strong financial results for the year.
    2 Baker Hughes Incorporated

Next, we aligned our global operations into four regions – North America; Latin America; Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian; and Middle East and Asia Pacific. Each division now has a vice president located in each region, who reports to the division president and is a member of a regional management council. We made this change to facilitate and strengthen our operations in all parts of the world, not only in business activity, but in the makeup of the company, with the goal of accelerating the development of an indi- genized management team.
The realigned organization – with two business segments and a consistent regional structure – supports our long- term strategy. It complements our Best-in-Class product-line focus while placing decision-makers closer to our global customers – particularly the national oil companies – in areas with the highest potential for growth.
Growth in All Regions
Our customers around the globe increased their exploration, development and production activity in 2005, and Baker Hughes revenues grew in all four of our operating regions.
North America
North American revenue increased 21% in 2005 compared to 2004. The average North American rig count was
up 18% for the year, driven by an increase in land rigs, primarily drilling
for natural gas. Horizontal drilling activity in North America also increased substan- tially compared to 2004, and the Canadian rig count ended the year at historically high levels. As a result, Baker Petrolite, Centrilift, Hughes Christensen, Baker Oil Tools and INTEQ all achieved record land- based revenue.
The average U.S. offshore rig count was down 4% in 2005, largely due to the year’s disastrous hurricane season. In the third quarter, Hurricane Dennis disrupted offshore activity, and Hurricanes Katrina and Rita caused extensive damage to our customers’ offshore drilling and produc- tion facilities. While the storms had a negative impact on third-quarter results – especially for Baker Atlas, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids, and Baker Oil Tools – Baker Hughes offshore U.S. revenues increased 12% for the year compared to 2004.
Latin America
Baker Hughes revenue in Latin America increased 15% in 2005 compared
to 2004, while the average rig count in the region was up by 9%. Gains were most significant in Ecuador, where Baker Oil Tools and Centrilift installed intelligent well systems and Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids conducted major projects; in Brazil, where Baker Atlas conducted deepwater logging services and INTEQ introduced advanced drilling systems; and in Argen- tina, where Centrilift won new ESP con- tracts and Hughes Christensen set
drilling records.
Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian
Revenues from Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian were up 14% in 2005 compared to 2004. Revenues from INTEQ, Baker Atlas and Hughes Christensen were up broadly throughout the region. In the North Sea, several divisions combined their capabilities to deliver technically complex wells for customers in the U.K., Norwegian and Danish sectors. Hughes Christensen benefited from export sales into Russia and the Caspian area. Reve- nues in Africa increased, based on strong activity in Angola, Nigeria, Algeria, and Mauritania. Although our business in
Demand for energy is growing rapidly,
paced by economic growth in developing Asia and China in particular. At the same time, producers are struggling to meet demand and rebuild excess production capacity. With very little excess capacity, energy prices will remain high and volatile, driving investment in new field development in the Middle East, Russia and West Africa.
 This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from Chairman Chad C. Deaton, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” “aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Baker Hughes’ expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in ”Risk Factors“ and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Baker Hughes Incorporated for its year ended December 31, 2005. The use of “Baker Hughes,” “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
2005 Annual Report 3

        35% 10% 15% 8% 9% 10% 6% 7%
$900 $800 $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
Russia was negatively impacted in 2005 by the nationalization of Yukos, we remain committed to expanding our pres- ence in this important market.
Middle East and Asia Pacific
Middle East and Asia Pacific revenues were up 20% in 2005 compared to 2004, driven by impressive gains in the Middle East. In Saudi Arabia, the company pro- vided a full range of drilling and comple- tion technology to support an aggressive horizontal well program. In Kuwait, Baker Atlas introduced the latest formation eval- uation technology, including the new Magnetic Resonance ExplorerSM and Earth ImagerSM services. In Qatar, Baker Hughes provided drilling systems, formation evalu- ation services, fluids, and completion sys- tems for the country’s high-volume
gas wells.
In China, INTEQ, Hughes Christensen, Baker Oil Tools and Centrilift contributed to successful multi-well offshore develop- ment projects for two Western operators in Bohai Bay. In addition, INTEQ intro- duced its VertiTrak® vertical drilling service to drill an onshore well for a Chinese oil company in the challenging geology of Northwest China.
Drilling and Evaluation Highlights
During its first full year as a stand-alone division, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids benefited from its product line focus, increasing revenues by 19% to reach record levels and obtained a double digit
Chart Sample
operating margin in the fourth quarter. Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids achieved this growth despite severe disruption of its Gulf of Mexico operations by the hurri- canes during the year. The division contin- ued to deploy its PERFORMAXTM high performance water-based mud system as an alternative to emulsion mud systems
in Saudi Arabia, Australia, Brazil, the Caspian Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, the division expanded its Fluids Environmental Services operation with a new facility in Louisiana.
Hughes Christensen sales grew 33% in 2005, achieving another record year in both revenues and profits. In 2005, Hughes Christensen continued to gain diamond bit market share by intro- ducing technical enhancements to its Genesis® product line. The division‘s dia- mond bit rental business benefited from increases in gas-directed drilling in the United States and Canada. Hughes Christensen maintained its leadership in Tricone® drill bit technology by introduc- ing three new lines for specific applica- tions. World Oil Magazine presented Hughes Christensen with the year’s “Best Drilling Technology Award” for
its EZ-CaseTM casing bit system.
INTEQ increased sales 21% and achieved record revenues and profitability in 2005, with strong activity in all regions. The division deployed its AutoTrak® and VertiTrak® drilling systems and X-Treme® motors into more geographic markets during the year. INTEQ also focused on
North America Revenues
2003–2005, by Quarter (In millions)
            4
Baker Hughes Incorporated
$0
2003 2004 2005

   North America
  Baker Hughes leveraged its traditional strength in North America by supporting increased natural gas development. Baker Hughes technology enabled customers to perform horizontal drilling and completion in Texas’ Barnett Shale play, drill verti- cally through the faulted zones of the Canadian foothills, and dewater both conventional gas and coalbed methane wells in the Rocky Mountains.
In North America, advancements from Centrilift have extended the range of ESP systems
to wells with harsh downhole conditions. Chemical automation systems offered by Production Optimization improved operat-
ing efficiency in remote fields. The VertiTrak® system and Genesis® PDC bits enabled efficient vertical drilling in Canada and Oklahoma.
   2005 Annual Report 5

   Latin America
  Baker Hughes increased its presence in Latin America with growing activity in Brazil, Ecuador, Colombia, and Argentina. In Brazil, Baker Hughes technology enabled drilling and completion of complex horizontal wells in deepwater fields. In Ecuador, the company installed its fourth Intelligent Well System, and supplied drilling fluids for a 30-well campaign.
In Latin America, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids delivered innovative mud systems from Colombia to Argentina. Baker Atlas provided advanced logging services for deepwater wells in Brazil. Baker Hughes divisions combined drilling, evaluation and completion tech- nologies to achieve high performance on land development projects in Venezuela, Ecuador, Colombia and Bolivia.
   6
Baker Hughes Incorporated

                35% 10% 15% 8% 9% 10% 6% 7%
enhancing its Logging-While-Drilling (LWD) product line by introducing new deep-reading resistivity technology, improving its imaging capability, and deploying more TesTrakTM formation pressure testing systems.
Baker Atlas revenues grew 17% (20% excluding a one-time intellectual property licensing fee in the fourth quar- ter of 2004) during another record year, in which the division differentiated itself with new technology and high-quality service. The division deployed its new Magnetic Resonance ExplorerSM and Earth ImagerSM services to key offshore markets like Brazil, West Africa and the Caspian Sea. Baker Atlas continued to build on its industry-leading Reservoir Characteriza- tion Instrument® service with new “mini- drill stem test” capabilities and data processing services.
Completion and Production Highlights
Baker Oil Tools revenues increased 15% with strong performance in the
Gulf of Mexico, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and West Africa. Demand for intelligent well systems increased during the year, and Baker Oil Tools installed new systems in Ecuador and off Eastern Canada’s Sable Island. The division installed more EQUALIZERTM horizontal well production systems in Norway, where more than 16,000 units are in place,
and built a strong track record in Saudi Arabia, where EQUALIZERTM equipment
is producing from nearly 20 miles of completion screen.
Centrilift revenues grew 8% in 2005, surpassing performance in 2004 that had included significant electrical submersible pump (ESP) system sales in Russia. The division had major installations come on line in China’s Bohai Bay during the year. Full-scale operations at new repair facili- ties in Siberia and Dubai also began in 2005. Centrilift introduced technical inno- vations to improve ESP performance in high gas content wells and in steam- flooded heavy oil fields. Centrilift also became a major supplier of ESP systems for dewatering wells to produce gas
from coalbed methane fields.
Baker Petrolite revenues increased
17%, with growth in both upstream and downstream product lines. The oilfield chemical business grew worldwide as cus- tomers strived to optimize mature field production. Growth areas in North Amer- ica included chemicals to treat heavy oil in Canada and to control corrosion and remove fluid from gas wells in the Rocky Mountains. Baker Petrolite also expanded international oilfield markets in Brazil, West Africa and the Middle East. Baker Petrolite’s downstream business also grew through sales of products and services to help refineries process “opportunity” crude oils and operate more reliably and more efficiently. The division also had strong demand for its FLO® drag reducing agents, particularly in Eastern Hemisphere
 Chart Sample
Latin America Revenues
2003–2005, by Quarter (In millions)
$250 $200 $150 $100
$50 $0
        2003 2004 2005
2005 Annual Report 7

        35% 10% 15% 8% 9% 10% 6% 7%
$600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
markets with limited pipeline capacity. The division’s pipeline integrity business expanded its base of operations to pro- vide engineering, cleaning and inspection services to customers in Europe and
Latin America.
Investing in Growth
We believe the next two to three years offer the prospect for significant growth for Baker Hughes. We are investing in equipment, people, and technology to take advantage of this market.
With strong demand and a robust pric- ing environment, Baker Hughes increased its capital budget for rental tools and related equipment to $478 million in 2005 from $348 million in 2004. We expect to increase capital spending in 2006 to $750 million – $780 million.
To address the need for additional skilled personnel, Baker Hughes is focused on hiring, training and retaining new employees. We have broadened our col- lege recruiting program to attract gradu- ates from leading technical universities in all the regions where we operate around the world. In 2006, we will enhance our development program for young engi- neers to train them in various Baker Hughes technologies and prepare them for future management roles.
We are building a new training center in Dubai that will begin providing a full range of training opportunities for employees from the Middle East and other areas of the Eastern Hemisphere beginning in 2007.
Chart Sample
Baker Hughes remains committed to aggressive technology investment. Research and Engineering budgets totaled $300 million in 2005, up 10% from 2004. More than 60% of these efforts were directed at developing new prod- ucts. In 2006, we plan to increase our investment in technology.
In June 2005, the Baker Atlas Russian Science Center began operation in Novisibirsk, Siberia. Approximately
25 Russian scientists now work at this facility, performing advanced research in the geosciences.
In December 2005, we approved
plans to build a new Center for Innovative Technology in Houston, where research engineers from our Completion and Production segment can concentrate on new technologies. We expect this center to accelerate development of new, inno- vative products and services that bring high value to our customers.
Baker Hughes also has actively pursued new technology capabilities through acquisitions.
In late 2005, we acquired Zeroth Technology Limited, which has developed proprietary expandable metal-to-metal sealing technology for packers and coiled tubing operations. This product line will enhance Baker Oil Tools‘ well interven- tion capabilities.
In 2004, we purchased the remaining interest in the Luna Energy fiber optic venture from Luna Technologies and in 2005 we acquired the remaining interest in the QuantX Wellbore Instrumentation venture from Expro International. In early
Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian Revenues 2003–2005, by Quarter
(In millions)
         8
Baker Hughes Incorporated
$0
2003 2004 2005

   Centrilift set ESP run-life records and began full-scale operation at its new repair facility in Siberia. In the Caspian Sea, Baker Atlas intro- duced advanced logging services. INTEQ and Hughes Christensen combined drilling systems, formation evaluation and PDC bit technologies to deliver complex wells in the North Sea, West Africa, Russia and the Caspian.
Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian
  With high oil and gas prices, Baker Hughes gained opportunities by helping improve production from the North Sea’s aging fields. The company also participated in major offshore projects along the West African coast, and pursued new business
in the Caspian Sea region. Notable Russian suc- cesses included record extended reach drilling from Sakhalin Island and the opening of a research center in Siberia.
    2005 Annual Report 9

   Middle East, Asia Pacific
  The Middle East, Asia Pacific region is the strongest example of the expansion of Eastern Hemisphere activity. The company’s investments in people and equipment have helped gain new business through- out the region. For example, in Saudi Arabia, Baker Hughes’ horizontal well technology is increasing oil production and reducing water cut, while improv- ing operating efficiency.
Baker Hughes employees delivered quality drilling, formation evaluation and comple- tion services throughout the Middle East, Asia Pacific region. Baker Hughes divisions teamed to conduct multi-well horizontal drilling and completion projects in China, India, Indonesia and the U.A.E. Centrilift pumping systems contributed to production efficiency in Kuwait, Oman, China and Australia.
   10
Baker Hughes Incorporated

                35% 10% 15% 8% 9% 10% 6% 7%
$450 $400 $350 $300 $250 $200 $150 $100
Chart Sample
Middle East, Asia Pacific Region Revenues
2003–2005, by Quarter (In millions)
$50 $0
2006, we acquired Nova Technology Corporation, a supplier of monitoring and chemical injection systems for subsea wells. All three of these technology units are part of our new Production Optimiza- tion business unit.
Baker Hughes formed Production Opti- mization in 2005 to meet the industry‘s need for efficient technologies that maxi- mize recovery from both new and mature fields. The business unit will combine existing Baker Hughes product lines with recently acquired and newly developed products. The unit’s goal is to provide intelligent production systems that moni- tor well performance and optimize hydro- carbon flow over the well’s life.
Financial Flexibility
Maintaining financial flexibility remains a key strategy at Baker Hughes.
We have achieved financial flexibility by applying our Baker Value Added (BVA) metric to assure that our investments achieve an adequate return. While we will continue to use BVA as a key factor in allocating capital, we are now in a strong position to make longer-term investments in new technologies and expand our pres- ence in geographic markets where we are under-represented.
With strong revenues and healthy cash flow, Baker Hughes continued to improve its balance sheet. During the year, we added $455 million in cash and short- term investments and reduced net debt to $314 million.
We also continued to focus on return to stockholders with a dividend increase and a stock repurchase program. In November 2005, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the regular quar- terly dividend to $0.13 per share from $0.115 per share. This was our first divi- dend increase since the formation of Baker Hughes in 1987. In 2005, the company repurchased approximately
1.7 million shares at a cost of $99 mil- lion. The company has authorization remaining to purchase approximately $401 million in stock.
Hurricane Response
The two major hurricanes that hit the Gulf Coast in 2005 had a devastating affect on thousands of people from Mis- sissippi to Texas. More than 700 employ- ees and their families were seriously affected, many losing their homes. Baker Hughes employees from around the world responded by donating money, supplies and time to provide relief. The company matched the significant financial contribu- tions made by employees and made a substantial donation to the American
Red Cross. I am extremely proud of our people. Their generosity made a significant positive impact on the lives of fellow employees who were affected by the storm.
Steve Finley Retires
At the end of March 2006 Steve Finley, Senior Vice President – Finance & Admin- istration and Chief Financial Officer, will
             2003 2004 2005
2005 Annual Report 11

retire from the company after 24 years with Baker Hughes. Steve has managed the implementation of our Baker Value Added metric, the development of our shared service organization and our implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will miss Steve’s experience, steady hand and thought-provoking leadership and wish him all the best
in his retirement.
Outlook
We agree with many industry experts that the current growth cycle is different from earlier market cycles. Demand for energy is growing rapidly, paced by eco- nomic growth in developing Asia and China in particular. At the same time, producers are struggling to meet demand and rebuild excess production capacity. With very little excess capacity, energy prices will remain high and volatile driving investment in new field development in the Middle East, Russia and West Africa. At the same time, oil and gas companies in North America and the North Sea are investing in mature fields and in gas fields
that could not be produced economically at lower commodity prices.
Worldwide, we expect our customers‘ exploration and production budgets to increase 17–21% in 2006. High activity levels are expected to continue for the next several years. In a sustained market like this one, Baker Hughes has a world of opportunities.
As we move ahead, Baker Hughes will grow by building on its strengths. We will continue to be the Best-in-Class company comprised of product-line focused divi- sions. Baker Hughes will be recognized increasingly as a technology innovator. We will live and work within a High Performance Culture based on our Core Values. And we will become an even more global company, with a diverse workforce and career opportunities for employees around the world.
Chad C. Deaton
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Alan R. Crain, Jr., V.P. and General Counsel; James R. Clark, President and COO; Chad C. Deaton, Chairman and CEO; G. Stephen Finley, Sr. V.P. – Finance and Administration and CFO; and Greg Nakanishi, V.P. Human Resources.
12 Baker Hughes Incorporated
