                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Who is Big Lots?
We’re a Community Retailer.
Big Lots is a community retailer, which means we’re dedicated to serving alongside you with friendly service, trustworthy value, and affordable solutions in every season and category — furniture, food, decor, and more! Our mission to “serve everyone like family” begins at home. That’s why each one of our product solutions is meant to
bring friends, family, and the community together with a price tag you’ll love!
JENNIFER, OUR CORE CUSTOMER
Jennifer may feel like it’s ordinary to serve others with gifts and acts of kindness, but at Big Lots, we depict her as an extraordinary woman: optimistic, generous, and someone who feels special because she is a part of a caring community devoted to something bigger than herself.
       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Friendly, Trustworthy, Community...core values focused on “doing the right thing.” Simple, straightforward, and honest family values which were at the center
of a transformative year at Big Lots.
                                                               2017 was very good for our Company, our associates, and our shareholders. We made substantive and lasting improvements to our merchandise assortments, business operations, and corporate culture, and we delivered financial results consistently equal to, or better than, our earnings guidance. In September 2017, we hosted an Investor & Analyst Conference detailing our expectations for the next three years. We discussed our Strategic Planning Process (SPP) and our strategy for repositioning our brand and shared a new store format aimed at elevating the shopping experience for “Jennifer,” our core customer. Our enhanced future brand identity and Store of the Future format were the culmination of nearly 18 months of diligent, focused effort responding to
a fundamental question: How does Big Lots remain relevant over the long term?
JENNIFER’S HIDDEN NEED AND
OUR GREATEST STRENGTH
Our journey started with an assessment as to why we exist as a Company (beyond just making money). Who is Big Lots? How are we different? And how do we intend to beat the stigma frequently associated with discount retail? To address these questions, we conducted extensive research and identified three different types of Jennifers crossing over traditional segments:
• Deal-drivenJenniferlookingforgreatvalues
• Home-focused Jennifer taking care of her
family and friends
• Cause-minded Jennifer wanting to give to
others for a greater purpose
Regardless of household income, all Jennifers share a “love of deals,” and deals help her meet her goals. We learned Jennifer struggles with home decor and decorating — for a variety of reasons — including a lack of budget and time.
But our most unique insight, one that is central
to making an emotional connection with her, is Jennifer wants to feel special ... and she feels
most special when serving others, whether it be family, friends, or the community. THIS is Jennifer’s hidden need.
Our analysis then turned inward with an objective review of the Company’s strengths, particularly in light of the strategic changes and noteworthy accomplishments over the past five years. We have worked diligently through the three pillars (Jennifer, Associates, Shareholders) of the SPP to improve all aspects of our business, including attracting, engaging, and developing the best and brightest talent in the industry.
And similar to previous years, we conducted
an Annual Engagement Survey of associates in 2017 to measure and understand our progress and identify new opportunities for improvement. Our scores and assessment suggest we continue to make significant strides toward the goal of being an employer of choice with associates and engagement levels which continue to rise and arewellabovetheretailnorms.Webelieveour culture, where everyone is family, is OUR greatest strength. It is who we are and how
we treat one another.
Big Lots, Inc. | 2017 Annual Report
     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        OUR NEW MISSION, VISION, VALUES
Imagine our excitement when research confirmed the close alignment between Jennifer and our strategic transformation. It spurred fresh thinking in the Company around our Mission, Vision, and Values — all with Jennifer in mind — and represents an opportunity to grow with her. Our previous Mission statement of Surprises in Every Aisle, Every Day served us well, but it is time to evolve and reposition Big Lots as a new kind of retailer — a community retailer.
Mission Statement
We Exist to Serve Everyone Like Family
This simple, passionate mission provides a better shopping experience for Jennifer, shows value and development for our associates, and creates growth for our shareholders.
Vision
Your Second Family
Our vision is to be known as your second family — a new kind of retailer where friendly service, trustworthy value, and investing in our community is always affordable.
Values
Core Values We Strive to be Known for
• Friendly:Createfunandinvitingexperiences
with friendly service, friendly environments, and friendly merchandise in a community retail store that's easy to navigate and shop.
• Trustworthy Value: Exceed her expectations every time with value she can trust and quality of merchandise we expect for our own families.
• Community: Serve people with respect and dignity — nationally, locally, and personally.
After redefining our Mission, Vision, Values, and the traits associated with them, we circled back to our initial questions:
How does Big Lots remain relevant over the long term?
A New Kind of Retailer
Big Lots is a new kind of retailer — a community retailer. We believe “serving everyone like family” begins at home, with merchandise meant to bring friends, family, and the
community together with a price tag our customers will love.
How are we different?
Brand Positioning
Statement
For Jennifer and those of
you who love serving others
and investing in causes
bigger than yourself, Big Lots
is your second family: a new
kind of retailer—a community
retailer—serving alongside
you with friendly service, trustworthy value, and affordable solutions in every season and category — furniture,food,decor,andmore.
How do we beat the retail stigma often associated with shopping discount stores?
We must consistently embed our core traits into everything we say and do. In many ways, we’re already doing it, but now our brand identity communicates our commitment to Jennifer and a passion to serve alongside her. We believe it’s simply stated in our new brand tagline: Serve Big. Save Lots.
 Big Lots, Inc. | 2017 Annual Report
    
                STORE OF THE FUTURE
Our goal with a new store concept is to bring these brand principles to life in a shopping experience that's fun and engaging for Jennifer. We want
to showcase our OWNABLE and WINNABLE merchandise categories of Furniture, Seasonal, Soft Home, Food, and Consumables, allowing us to stand out in a crowded, overstored retail environment.
The layout of the store is dramatically different from the traditional Big Lots by featuring Furniture front and center in the store with Seasonal and Home also at the front on either side. Pantry — which includes Food and Consumables — is located in the back of the store, but is clearly visible from the front of the store given the low-profile of
our Furniture assortment. The store entryway
is clean and free of product and advertising messages giving Jennifer plenty of room to enter the store and focus on her shopping plan. She
will feel welcomed with our friendly atmosphere, greeted by our “Hello” wall and signage with a softer, more friendly tone. The featured colors
are warm and inviting throughout the store. Responding to Jennifer's feedback, we’ve added more visual decorating options with furniture and home vignettes designed to highlight how our merchandise can furnish and decorate Jennifer’s home. Jennifer will find every aspect of the shopping experience to be easy and more pleasing, and we are very excited with how it showcases our new brand identity. The Store of the Future will be one of the largest investments in our Company’s history, and we estimate impacting nearly half of our stores over the next three years.
COMMUNITY
Doing the right thing is at the heart of our culture. We are inspired by Jennifer every day serving her family, friends, and her community. Early in the
development of the SPP, the Big Lots Foundation was established with a goal of strengthening
our philanthropic efforts and supporting the communities we serve. With the growth of our Big Lots Foundation, we serve nationally with
a focus on healthcare, housing , hunger, and education, assisting many different charitable causes including Nationwide Children’s Hospital, YWCA, Feeding America, the Mid-Ohio Food Bank, and the American Heart Association. We serve locally by investing in communities near our stores, distribution centers, and across the country. And we serve personally through our point-of-sale donation campaigns and through our associates who are encouraged to volunteer and who love to contribute to causes that are most important
to them.
ONE TEAM, ONE GOAL
We want to thank our associates in our stores, distribution centers, and the office here in Columbus. We are “One Team with One Goal”
and together we are redefining the future of
Big Lots as a new kind of community retailer — your second family. We also want to thank our shareholders for your support on behalf of the entire Big Lots organization, our Board of Directors, and our associates.
Sincerely,
Lisa M. Bachmann
Chief Merchandising & Operating Officer
Timothy A. Johnson
Chief Administrative Officer & Chief Financial Officer
       