                 Our team remained incredibly focused on our strategy and what was within our control, and drove operating profit growth and record results for our business.
    Steven S. Fishman Chairman, CEO and President
Dear Shareholders:
Last March, we outlined our Long-Range Plan. We detailed for you a three-year plan based on operating profit growth from within our existing fleet of stores. Fiscal 2007 was the first year of that plan, and we’re proud to say we surpassed our goals. In fact, 2007 also surpassed the expectations that we set for the second year of the plan. During the year, we improved our financial results, reinvested in our business, and continued to build the talent base of the organization for the future of our Company.
Let me start by sharing that we measure success by producing operating profit growth that is sustainable over the long-term—that’s the Big Lots way—no short-term gains or one-hit wonders. Despite a challenging macro environment for retailers, we did not overreact with crazy promotions for the sake of boosting comparable store sales. Our team remained incredibly focused on our strategy and what was within our control, and drove operating profit growth and record results for our business.
I want to give you a brief update on what turned out to be a record year for Big Lots:
— We continued to introduce more and more top quality brands like Cuisinart®, Broyhill®, Lego® and Olevia® to our stores, reinforcing our strategy of offering branded product at values you cannot find elsewhere.
  2007 Big Lots Annual Report
  
                  We continued to introduce more top quality brands like Cuisinart®, Broyhill®, Lego® and Olevia® to our stores.
—
—
—
—
—
We experienced better markup, actively worked with our vendors to increase the amount of pre-ticketed and pre-packed goods to lower labor costs, and continued to improve our inventory turnover.
Our store level and distribution center productivity measurements were at all-time highs and our transportation and healthcare initiatives saved millions of dollars that went straight to the bottom line.
We improved our operating profit rate by 140* basis points compared to last year due to comp store sales growth of 2% and significant leverage in SG&A expense.
We generated nearly $250 million of cash flow based on the strength of our operations and our diligent investment approach to inventory and capital expenditures.
We repurchased 30 million shares of stock, signaling confidence in our future while returning cash to our shareholders. Over the past 2 years, we have reinvested over $850 million in our share repurchase activities, with the majority of that investment coming from cash generated by the business.
 — Bottom line—we drove record EPS from continuing operations of $1.41* during 2007, a 40% increase over 2006 with this level of improvement viewed by many as one of the best performances in retail. And we did all of this while continuing to invest in our business.
— We completed our store retrofit program, totaling 70 stores principally in California. The retrofits enabled us to generate better sales, get more merchandise out on the selling floor, and move to a store layout that does a better job of allocating square footage to key categories that are relevant to the individual store. Including new stores and some tests in 2006, we have completed this process in
about 100 stores, and we will continue to invest in this type of activity where we see the opportunity for profitable growth.
— In 2007, we installed a new point-of-sale system in over half of our fleet, with the remaining stores to be completed in 2008. We believe this investment will increase productivity at checkout, enhance the customer experience, and aid us in making better purchasing, allocation and replenishment decisions.
— And in January 2008, we entered into a contract with SAP to improve our core IT infrastructure with the implementation of new financial and core merchandising systems. This is another multiyear project that invests in our business for the long term.
It’s clear that great companies find a way to consistently meet challenging expectations, developing a track record of reliability in the process. We focus on this at Big Lots. Since my first day here, we said we were going to manage this business for the long-term. That’s what we’ve done and will continue to do, even when the landscape is difficult. Over the last two years, we’ve examined almost every aspect of our business, from merchandising and merchandise processes to marketing, real estate and the cost structure of the business.
As we have worked to improve our business, we have made a couple of key observations. First, our concept can be successful in a wide variety of locations, regions and demographic markets.
* This item excludes the impact of certain proceeds in fiscal 2007. A reconciliation of the difference between GAAP and these non-GAAP financial measures is shown in the Financial Highlights section of this Annual Report to Shareholders.
  2007 Big Lots Annual Report

                Second, we have an opportunity to further educate shoppers about what distinguishes Big Lots from the competition. We are not a dollar store and we are not a discount store. We are the nation’s most dominant broadline closeout retailer. And our customer continues to tell us that they want great value.
As just one example of the success we can have by educating our shoppers, this year we offered a $50 Cuisinart® coffeemaker. We’ve never carried a $50 coffeemaker before, and it was a blowout—an absolute home run across all demographic store types, all regions of the country, and was clearly a value or treasure to our customers. This one example really drives home what our customer research continues to show, and that is price point does not seem to be an inhibiting factor provided the VALUE proposition is there. We believe it is important to distinguish ourselves with exciting deals like this and show the consumer why we are the best store for branded closeout merchandise.
As I travel the country visiting our stores, I’m sometimes asked, “Steve, have we hit the target?” My answer is always the same—“Never!” Change and reinventing yourself is a never-ending process.
When you are in retail, if you stand still...you get passed and left behind. You must have a team that is always adapting. Most important, when you serve a customer that knows value and is always looking for deals, you need an organization that never stops innovating. That’s the kind of enterprise we’re building at Big Lots. I’ve said on many occasions that great companies have great people. They attract talent, they retain talent and they give talented people the opportunity to excel. This doesn’t happen by accident.
It’s hard work, but it pays off.
We know we are still making our business better. We’re far from done. And we’re focused on the prize. Sincerely,
Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
    We focus on developing a track record of reliability at Big Lots.
   2007 Big Lots Annual Report
 