                 chairman’s letter
 STEVEN S. FISHMAN
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President
Dear Shareholders:
Let me begin by expressing how proud I am to be the new CEO of Big Lots. I joined the company in July 2005. During my first few weeks on the job, I spent a great deal of time learning and listening — not unusual activities for a new CEO. I also talked with hundreds of associates, company leaders, and customers during planning sessions and store visits.
What’s been clear to me from the beginning is that we have talented people and a strong niche in the retail marketplace. At the same time, we also have an incredible opportunity to transform Big Lots from a good company to a truly great one.
We deliberately set out looking at our business in new ways, challenging our assumptions about how we operate and what our customers expect. As I often remind our associates, retail constantly changes, and that’s the fun part about this business. We always have to challenge ourselves to make changes in order to
improve our results and drive shareholder value. And a new CEO — especially an optimistic one — can embrace change with an open mind.
WIN
In August we launched a new strategy called WIN, or What’s Important Now. WIN involves tactical plans to improve the financial performance of the business in the short and long term. Throughout 2005, development of the WIN strategy focused the leaders of the business on three key areas: operating expenses, real estate,
and merchandising.
The strategy involves three steps: Discovery, Testing, and Execution. We went through Discovery during my first six months. As a result of what we learned, we began doing some things differently. The following provides an overview of our actions involving our expense structure, real estate, and merchandising.
Operating expenses
Our overhead costs in relation to our sales were simply too high. It was critical for the future success of the business that we quickly reduce our cost structure. We began taking action in October and have already identified annual expense reductions of $30 to $35 million. We’ve cut millions of dollars from our budget in corporate overhead expenses. We reorganized our field operations structure, realigned positions to eliminate management redundancies, and are reducing the number of tasks and related payroll we are spending in our stores.
Real estate
Like every retailer, we constantly review the performance of our stores. Historically, we have closed or relocated approximately 30 to 40 stores per year. However, as part of our WIN strategy and in light of softening sales trends in 2004 and early 2005, we decided to perform a detailed review of every store in our fleet. As a result of our analysis, we accelerated the closing of an additional 85 closeout stores, bringing our total number of
closeout store closings to 131 for the year. This was a very proactive move to improve the long-term
fitness of our business without compromising our solid cash position. In addition to closing the
131 closeout stores, we made a decision to exit the stand-alone furniture business. While I
love the furniture business, I do not have the same affection for the stand-alone furniture
stores. We have a greater opportunity to improve sales in furniture departments
within our closeout stores while reducing the operating expenses and the inventory
committed to operating a stand-alone furniture business. In total, we closed 174
stores during 2005, which will improve our profitability in 2006 and beyond.
New store openings for the company have historically been very opportunistic, spreading across all parts of the country. Starting with 2006, we will implement a more market-specific strategy, opening stores selectively and tailoring the expense structure to match the market potential. As a result, new store growth will be minimal as we focus on our prime obsession: boosting sales and profits at existing stores.
  
                  Merchandising
One of the greatest challenges we have before us is to define and refine our merchandising strategy. I admit that merchandising has been my passion for many years. I started out as a merchant, and I often accompany our buyers on trips to market and at trade shows. Our business plan for 2006 begins with the same objective we start with every year — providing our customers with incredible brand-name deals at prices nobody can beat. Simultaneously, we will work hard to grow our profit margins by focusing on opportunities to improve our assortment, sales, productivity, and marketing.
The process to refine our merchandising strategy began with extensive research. During our Discovery phase, we studied current successes, received input from store managers and company leaders, and interviewed over 20,000 Big Lots customers.
We learned that Big Lots appeals to an extremely wide range of cost-conscious consumers. The majority of those surveyed have household incomes between $25,000 and $75,000, are married, and have children. About a third of them shop us at least once a month. But no matter their age, race, or income level, they all have one thing in common: They’re treasure hunters.
To our customers, Big Lots represents a unique opportunity to indulge their inner treasure hunter. It doesn’t matter if they’re looking for bottled water or a bedroom suite – it’s the thrill of finding brand-name merchandise that’s Stupid Cheap.TM
REINVENTING CLOSEOUTS
We’re aggressively pursuing new ideas and business relationships that will help us deliver even more of the great deals our customers know and love. Based on our research, we’ve launched the following key merchandising initiatives:
Buzz builders, basket builders, must-haves On average, our customers spend about $18 a trip. We have challenged ourselves to develop strategies to capture a greater share of our existing customers’ wallet or weekly spend. To achieve this goal, we are looking to build the value of the average basket through three specific merchandise categories: buzz builders, basket builders, and must-haves. Buzz builders are the WOW items that create excitement — the ones customers brag to their friends about (our famous-maker jeans at ridiculously low prices are a good example). These are primarily closeouts and once-in-a-lifetime deals. Basket builders
are impulse items that increase the average sale, such as seasonal merchandise and snacks. And last, must-haves are frequently purchased items we should always have in stock, such as pens, paper towels, and tissues. The brand may vary, but we’ll always offer a great deal.
Raise the ring This is another merchandising and pricing strategy aimed at increasing the value of our average basket. We’ll study the value of low-ticket items to our selling mix. In some categories, we’ll experiment with larger package sizes that can generate a slightly higher average ticket.
Engineered closeouts and captive labels Closeouts will always be the biggest part of our business. Often we acquire closeouts through package changes, canceled orders, discontinued items, or manufacturer
overruns. But many manufacturers have the ability to engineer closeouts just for Big Lots. We’re building relationships with major manufacturers to help us bring even more brand-name deals to
our customers. In January 2006, we held our first Big Lots Business Summit with over 100 executives from many of the nation’s leading companies to explore unique options we have
for working together.
We’re also starting to carry captive label brands, such as our Rival® dog food. Rival was a brand-name dog food made many years ago, and we control the
rights to the name. The prospects for expanding our engineered closeout and private label programs are very promising, and we hope to have more to
report on this front in the coming year.
 
                A SELLING ORGANIZATION
In the past, our approach has been, If you buy it, they will come. Today
our priorities are different. It’s not enough to focus solely on the buy-side
of closeouts. We are directing our energy on being a buying and selling organization. Going forward, every great “buy” will have multiple selling mechanisms — a mixture of in-store, online, and multimedia marketing that will communicate great value instantaneously.
Brand Names. Closeout Prices.® That’s our mantra. We will convey this message at every
sales touch-point. Our marketing activities will address print and broadcast advertising and,
most important, the in-store experience. Our research shows that the majority of our customers
come into Big Lots with no specific item in mind. They’re shopping just for the treasure hunt. That
means how we market inside our stores, how we present, and how well we execute across all merchandise
categories will be critical to growing our business. We’ll experiment with signage, color, and clearer sight lines
to help customers navigate the store and locate our great bargains. In February 2006, we launched a laboratory store to test a number of new marketing concepts and merchandise presentations. Our print circulars are undergoing a makeover too, and we’ll be tracking the distribution and effectiveness of our print advertising with a fresh eye. Also look for new TV commercials.
FULL STEAM AHEAD
Our team enters 2006 with incredible momentum. Our accomplishments are a testimony to the efforts of our
44,000 associates who accepted the challenge to pick up the pace. Business is everything but usual, and we are not afraid of change. In retail, it’s a necessity. We are literally changing the way closeouts are done. We’re not waiting for vendors to call us. We’re making decisions about the merchandise we want to carry — how we want to buy it, price it, market it, and distribute it efficiently. Every detail of our plan is designed to help us become a selling machine.
Testing of our strategies is already underway in a group of stores across the country and will continue through 2006. Our testing phase gives all of us a chance to see strategy in action. Some of our ideas will be home runs. Others may miss the mark, and frankly, that’s a good thing. If you never make a mistake, that means you’re not trying something new, different, and exciting.
Exciting things are clearly happening — new directions, new marketing, and new horizons of opportunity that make now the best time to be at Big Lots. The results of our testing in 2006 will lay the groundwork for refining our strategies and executing our successes in 2007. We will focus on the elements that are easily adaptable to our existing store prototypes and roll them out efficiently and cost-effectively.
WOW is the endgame. We like to call it the closeout moment. It’s not always easy getting there. It takes exceptional people with unrelenting determination and the drive to perform.
I believe in the Big Lots team. There will always be external forces that can impact our bottom line, from the national economy to intense competition and even weather. But there is one force that is more powerful, and that force is us. How we manage, how we work, how we look out for each other — these are the factors that will help separate a great company from the rest of the pack.
Our niche as the nation’s most dominant broadline closeout retailer is one of our most important assets. We are not a dollar store, and we are not a discount store. We are a company unlike any other, that goes where few other retailers can follow. And we are committed to working together to make our company bigger, better, and stronger in returning shareholder value.
Thank you for your support and confidence as we look forward to a great year. Sincerely,
Steve Fishman
Chairman, CEO, and President
   