DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
 “Do what you said you were going to do.” It seems like such a simple concept, and yet it’s so incredibly important in business, and in life
for that matter. It is the key to building credibility with others and developing accountability within an organization. And, it has been the foundation of everything we've done during my tenure at Big Lots.
Six years ago, we launched our “What’s Important Now” or WIN strategy... a multiyear plan to transform our company with an intense focus on improving merchandise, real estate, and operating expense levels.
I’ve consistently used this letter as an opportunity to provide an update on our journey. In essence, I’ve been holding our team accountable for what we said we were going to do.
We’ve come a long way since 2005, and by many measures, 2011 was another record year. Our success has led to job creation, investments for the future, significant financial gains, and returning cash to shareholders. Big Lots is becoming the company we want it to be. A company that grows by delivering value to our customers and shareholders... a company
agile enough to take advantage of international opportunities... and
a company that acts responsibly toward associates who are proud to work and grow here.
But the journey is far from over. In fact, you could say we’re just getting to the BIG ideas.
GROWTH IS THE KEY
Not many companies can say
it these days, but WE ARE IN A GROWTH MODE. We’re growing organically... we’re growing geographically... we’re growing organizationally... and often growth in one area leads to growth in another. Let me touch on some of the highlights from 2011:
Organic Growth: Our business has always been about the treasure hunt and the excitement that stems from what we have in our stores. Last year I noted the importance of “continual change” in retail and highlighted
the Consumables category as an example where we weren’t changing fast enough or presenting newness
or value.
As promised, we focused on
this category in 2011 and
made significant improvements which translated into meaningful sales growth. We changed the organization, adding new talent and new perspectives to our merchandising team. We expanded our vendor base by introducing several new, high-quality brands. We sharpened our product
offering with our Fresh FindsTM private label program and expansion of our international foods program. And we improved the in-store marketing and presentation of our products with our Wall of Values merchandise sets and Extreme Value pricing. These improvements resonated with consumers and generated shopping excitement.
   2011 BIG LOTS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT
Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
Our success has led to job creation, investments for the future, and significant financial gains.
  
 After years of doing what we said we were going to do, we're ideally positioned for the future.
  We made a number of other significant changes, often challenging paradigms that have been ingrained in our culture. For example – toys, a holiday season staple, were allocated less floor space and inventory this year. We correctly anticipated a shift in consumer buying trends toward electronics, the toys of a new age. These toys have screens and memory cards. They’re electronic gadgets that fascinate a tech-savvy generation and have a broad appeal with consumers of all ages. This merchandise shift created a buzz in our stores and enhanced our treasure hunt atmosphere.
After a lackluster first half, sales trends accelerated in the third and fourth quarters. In fact, with the exception of the planned decline in toys, all major categories generated comparable sales increases in the second half of the year.
During my visits to our stores, I see a merchandise assortment that continues to get stronger and more focused on value and brands. Special initiatives, like
our Friends & Family 20% off discount event, have been successful in introducing new consumers to Big Lots. And strategic shifts in merchandise, like our move to the new toy business, should have a lasting appeal with shoppers.
New Store Growth in the U.S.: We also increased our store footprint in the United States. After opening 80 new stores in 2010, we opened 92 new stores in 2011, including 25 in “A” locations — that is, close to top-line malls or “power strips” featuring a market’s best retailers and demographics. We also continued to close and relocate stores to better, higher traffic locations, ending 2011 with 1,451 stores — a 4% increase in square footage.
Overall, we have been quite encouraged by the progress and results from new stores. We have experienced success in high-population, high-rent areas as well as suburban and rural areas. In fact, many of our highest volume stores this holiday season were new stores opened in 2011. I continue to believe new stores are the best investment we can make for the future of this company.
Our store expansion has also created jobs... jobs in the stores, in our field organization, in our distribution
centers, and in our home office. These are good jobs with competitive wages and benefits — jobs that
offer the opportunity for future advancement within
the company. At a time when many retailers are eliminating jobs, pulling back, or shutting their doors altogether, we continue to grow, open new stores, and create meaningful employment opportunities. We have operations in all of the 48 contiguous states and capital available to support future growth.
Expansion into Canada: In July 2011, we also added Liquidation World, a Canadian company, to the Big Lots family. This acquisition enables us to extend our footprint into Canada for the first time in our company’s history.
In many ways, this expansion reminds me of “the early days” at Big Lots. We see an underserved customer
who is looking for Extreme Value. We recognize the need for a multiyear plan to transform Liquidation World, with an intense focus on hiring the right people, building inventory, and cleaning up the stores. A Canadian version of our WIN strategy... feels like déjà vu all
over again.
The early response has been exciting. Like many American shoppers, the Canadian consumer enjoys our high-quality merchandise at bargain prices. At times, the sell-through has exceeded our expectations. This gives us even more confidence in the longer-term potential of this acquisition. We believe it positions us for long-term growth and future shareholder value creation.
   
   YOU WIN WITH PEOPLE
Clearly, I feel good about our business. After years of doing what we said we were going to do, I think we’re ideally positioned for the future. That goes for our team as well. Each of the growth opportunities I’ve highlighted has created employment opportunities. We encourage our associates to grow with the organization and move into broader roles, and I estimate that as high as 80% of our new jobs or open positions in the merchant areas are now filled through internal movement or promotions.
To support future growth, we need a pipeline of talent... a workforce with the skill set and knowledge base to take on new challenges. We continue to invest heavily in a variety of associate training and development programs, including:
u Merchant In Training (MIT) Program — Over the last six years, we have recruited and developed our next generation of talented merchants, planners, and allocators. The program is expanding and is deeply ingrained in our culture.
u 1,000 Ways To Succeed — Store talent for the future is also extremely critical. Last year, we launched this new store management training program which pairs our best and brightest store managers with new managers to help them learn the ropes.
u BEST Program — A new competency-based talent development platform for our store organization, which we began piloting with assistant store managers this year. BEST will drive how we select, develop, and promote all levels of store management, building a pipeline of talent for the future.
u Leadership Institute — An intensive leadership development program for our district managers and district loss prevention managers.
We will continue to hire and develop the most talented individuals in the industry. I’ve always believed our people are our greatest asset, and this is true today more than ever.
A YEAR OF SIGNIFICANT MILESTONES
As I mentioned earlier, 2011 was a record year on many counts.
u We exceeded $5 billion in sales for the first time in our company history.
u We earned $2.99 per diluted share, the highest EPS in company history.
u We returned $359 million of cash to shareholders
by repurchasing approximately 11 million shares, or 15% of the Company’s shares, at an average share price of $32.79. Not bad considering where our share price finished the year.
u We became an international company by expanding into Canada.
u We invested more than ever in the training and development of our associates.
u We gave back to our community at unprecedented levels through a number of noteworthy causes. Our national Lots2GiveTM program has provided hundreds of thousands of dollars to struggling schools across America. We have a 17-year national partnership with Toys for Tots... and deep involvement with a local charity, the Furniture Bank of Central Ohio, which we support financially and with volunteer initiatives. But these are just a few examples. We are committed to giving back to the communities we serve and do so through a number of other programs in education, social services, and the arts.
These milestones were made possible by executing
a consistent, focused strategy, one that we’ve been executing for some time now. We remain clear in our purpose and passionate in our pursuit of being nothing less than the best, most exciting extreme value retailer.
On behalf of the entire Big Lots organization, our Board of Directors, and our over 37,000 associates, I thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
 Steven S. Fishman u Chairman, CEO and President 2011 BIG LOTS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT
  