We focused on a few
key initiatives as we grew our fleet
of stores profitably.
Dear Shareholders:
It’s hard for me to believe that over five
years have gone by since I first wrote to you
in my role as Big Lots’ Chief Executive
Officer. In that first letter, I told you that I saw
my job as rather straightforward. Essentially, it was about setting priorities so that you, our shareholders, would achieve the kind of return you expect from your investment. That statement was every bit as true this past year as it was back then.
Last year I said that in fiscal 2010, Big Lots would build upon the things that were working so well for us — namely, keeping our organization focused on a few key initiatives as we grew our fleet of stores profitably. I told you that Big Lots associates around the country were dedicated to delivering results and building the value of the company. I’m pleased to report that our organization delivered on those objectives and more, achieving our 4th consecutive year of record income and EPS from continuing operations. Specifically:
We remain in a growth mode. We expanded our footprint with the opening of 80 new stores and now have operations in all of the 48 contiguous states. Our new store sales and profitability exceeded our plans for 2010, which validates
to us that our growth strategy is working. In fact, new stores are likely the best investment we can be making right now for the future of the company.
We aggressively expanded our new “A” store strategy as 33 of our 80 new store openings were A-type locations. This strategy enables us to open stores in the strongest retail trade areas or “power strips” in a given market ... retail trade areas with better demographics (population density or household income), stronger retail brands surrounding us driving traffic to the center, and often times a customer base that we are not currently serving with our traditional locations. We believe we are attracting a meaningful number of new customers to our “A” store format — customers who may not have a Big Lots store in their normal shopping pattern. I feel particularly good about our direction in real estate and the sales volume we’re experiencing in our new locations.
We grew sales productivity and gross margin dollars. Our discretionary merchandise categories performed very
well ... categories like Furniture, Home, and Seasonal helped to further differentiate Big Lots from a crowded retail landscape. Interestingly enough, these categories are some of our higher ticket, or higher average item retail businesses, further reinforcing our motto that it is all about great quality and unmatched value. The customer responds to change and newness at great value — and in the retail business, if you are not continually changing and offering something different to the customer, you will fall behind. In certain of our businesses, namely Consumables, I don’t believe we have been changing fast enough or presenting enough newness and value ... so we have been working very hard and swiftly
      Big Lots, Inc. 2010 Annual Report
     
to reengineer our quality, value, and merchandise assortment to the customer. I am confident we will deliver a much-improved Consumables offering in 2011, and I am hopeful the business will respond accordingly.
We maintained our sharp focus on leveraging expenses, taking a thoughtful and strategic approach to managing our business in an uncertain post-recession environment. And the good news is we see opportunity to lower our expenses as a percent of sales for the foreseeable future as we remain devoted to operational discipline and accountability.
In terms of store operations, I believe our Ready for Business standards have led us to a better in-store shopping experience. We have recruited and developed a significant pool of new talent with a focus on improving the shopping experience and supporting future new store growth. I firmly believe we can never have enough talent or “bench strength” across the organization, especially in store operations given our new store growth plans for the future. Continuous improvement in this area will forever be the goal ... we will never be done.
From a marketing perspective, we’re now approaching eight million active Buzz Club Rewards® members, and the program continues to build. We’re busy testing different promotions with the goal of improving both the number of transactions
and the size of the basket with some of our most loyal customers.
Along the way, we continued to invest in our business ... investing nearly $110 million in stores, both new and existing, distribution centers, technology, and new enterprisewide systems, all with an eye toward supporting the company’s future growth. Bottom line: In 2010, we grew operating profit dollars and EPS and recorded our 4th consecutive record year of results. We generated $200 million of cash flow. We invested in our business and returned a large allocation of capital to you in the form of stock repurchases. We invested $342 million to repurchase 10.5 million shares, or 13% of the company, at an average price of less than $33 per share.
Maximizing Value
I came to Big Lots with a passion to lead the company on a long-term journey by taking a truly unique retail model and repositioning certain of its strategies with a vision of long-term, sustainable shareholder returns. A strategy is nothing more than a business word for “choices.” Whether you run a small business or a Fortune 500 company, if the choices you make are based on knowing your customers’ needs and leveraging your own unique strengths or niche, I believe you’ll succeed. During my tenure, we have remained incredibly consistent and focused on the Big Lots strategy. We have not veered or been tempted to become something we are not, and the results of the last 5 years have been pretty rewarding:
Grew EPS to $2.83 in fiscal 2010 from $0.14 in fiscal 2005
Grew operating profit dollars to $357 million in fiscal 2010 from $27 million in fiscal 2005
Generated cash flow of over $1.2 billion
Reinvested over $370 million in stores, systems, and infrastructure to support future growth
Returned over $1.2 billion to shareholders by repurchasing over 52 million shares, or nearly 45% of the company, at a weighted average price of less than $24 — a pretty wise investment considering where the stock was trading at the time of this letter.
A tremendous amount of progress and financial return have occurred, and there is no doubt that we are bringing to life our vision for Big Lots. The investments we have made and our strategic repositioning have worked, and with the support of 34,000+ associates across the country, we’re focused on building momentum for the future.
But I believe we are only just beginning, and Big Lots is in a good position to create value well into the future. Value can mean different things, depending on how you’re connected to the company.
              Big Lots, Inc. 2010 Annual Report
 
  It's all about great quality and unmatched value for our customers.
For our shareholders, it means continued execution of our strategies. We believe our business has a niche in the marketplace and a reason to exist, our strategies are working, and the opportunities to improve our financial performance are real and will depend largely on our own internal execution.
For our customers, it’s getting the best products for the best possible price and providing a pleasant shopping experience. We are investing in our Buzz Club Rewards® program to better understand our customer, and we are focused on improving the shopping experience and customer service aspects of our business.
For our associates, it’s having plenty of current and future opportunities. Over the last 5 years, our Merchant In Training (MIT) program has enabled us to recruit and develop the next generation of merchant talent. Today approximately 80% of our promotions in the merchandising ranks come from talent developed internally.
Store talent for the future is also extremely critical, which is why in 2010 we launched
1,000 Ways to Succeed. This new store management training program pairs our best
and brightest store managers with new managers to help them learn the ropes. Having
the next generation of new store management developed internally and ready to lead will
be crucial as our store growth plans begin to escalate to 90 to 100 new stores on an
annual basis.
    We also bring significant value to the communities we serve. Where we trade,
we serve through initiatives such as our Lots2Give program, our national 16-year partnership with Toys for Tots, our involvement with Feeding America, and dozens
of other programs supporting education, the arts, and social services. We also believe in making a difference here in our hometown of Columbus, Ohio, as evidenced by
our long-standing relationship with the Furniture Bank of Central Ohio. We are deeply committed to efforts that strengthen families and communities. Our legacy of community giving is also a differentiating factor in our ability to attract and retain top talent.
Our clear vision, balanced strategy, and thoughtful execution will help us continue to deliver the extreme value that is the hallmark of our brand. Thank you for your continued support.
Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
          