                                  Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
When I decided to join Big Lots nearly five years ago,
I looked at this business as any investor would. What was clear to me from the beginning was that we
had talented people and a strong niche in the retail marketplace. At the same time, we had an incredible opportunity to transform Big Lots from a good company to a world-class organization.
We set out looking at our business in new ways, challenging how we operate and our assumptions about what our customers expect. We cast aside a “business
as usual” approach, knowing that in retail if you are
not changing or reinventing your business constantly, you run the risk of losing ground with your customer.
We reviewed all aspects of our strategy and business processes. We worked diligently to test, learn, and develop a long-range plan for our business. We focused on creating shareholder value through programs to improve merchandising, marketing, and store-level performance, supplemented by diligent and strict expense control. We committed to healthy growth,
and we said we would not grow the store base until
we could assure you that we were doing so in a profitable manner. These strategies and disciplines are now deeply embedded in our culture and have served us well. We have grown our operating profit from $27 million in 2005 to over $325 million in 2009 — a year that will likely
go down as one of the most difficult environments in retail history. And along the way, we have generated nearly $1.2 billion of cash, the majority of which we have returned to you, our shareholders, in the form of share repurchase activity.
I am very proud of the team’s effort. During this past year, when the global recession took its toll on the market and economic news turned morning coffee bitter:
• We completed our 3rd consecutive year of record EPS performance, a span that now dates back
13 consecutive quarters.
• We generated record operating profit dollars of over $325 million.
• We grew our store base for the first time since 2004 by opening more stores in 2009 than we have in the last 3 years combined.
• We invested in new systems and put capital to work in our business and fleet of stores to enhance the customer experience.
• And, in a world where cash is king, we generated over $300 million in cash.
• Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $400 million of our common shares.
In the balance of this letter, I will detail some of the significant 2009 highlights, and also lay out for you some of our thoughts on the future and our plans for continuing to enhance shareholder value.
READY FOR GROWTH
Our business has generated a significant amount
of cash in recent years. My job as CEO is to ensure
we are investing your cash in the opportunities that
we expect to generate strong returns, whether that is in our existing concepts or new strategies. I have said on a number of occasions that we have “an open to receive” and would look at any opportunity to drive profitable growth and shareholder value. Looking forward to 2010 and beyond, we believe the best opportunity (internal or external) is to reinvest in our current locations and grow our fleet of stores profitably.
Clearly our business model has gotten stronger each year, and we are confident in our plans heading into 2010. Additionally, the difficulties experienced in the economy have taken their toll on retailers and the commercial real estate market. As a result, today
there are fewer retailers vying for locations and, in
our estimation, real estate prices are becoming more appropriately valued in the marketplace. The combination of our improved performance and a softer real estate market enabled us to move into a store
BIG LOTS, INC. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                       growth mode again in 2009. And the good news is we see that rate of growth accelerating in 2010 and future years. The soft real estate market also enabled us to make progress in lease renegotiations as stores came up for renewal with landlords who saw their retail vacancies soar during the recession. These renegotiations have helped us keep costs in check or rise at a lower rate than the lease would have otherwise indicated.
We were also very busy testing two specific, new real estate strategies in 2009: “A” locations and a smaller store strategy.
• The “A” location test started with 8 stores in higher than average income areas or in locations with a better cotenant mix or both. Our key learning was, with great value in merchandising, improved visual presentation, and higher in-store execution standards, we can perform very well
in “A” locations. We are moving forward aggressively on this strategy by planning to open approximately 30 “A” locations in 2010. We believe this could be
a very big win for the business by expanding our customer base and improving our overall level of brand awareness for the future.
• With our smaller store strategy test in 3 locations, the results to date have been somewhat mixed, and it is still too early to make a determination. We will make adjustments to this strategy in 2010 and continue to monitor the results. The idea remains intriguing to us and if successful, could open up a significant number of additional sites that we could consider for future growth.
I feel good about our direction in real estate, and I am confident it is the best investment we can be making right now for the future of the company. Going forward, store growth will be a principle priority for our team.
THE RIGHT STUFF
Like any retailer, merchandising and having the
“right stuff” for the customer is crucial to our success. Over the last 4 years, we have made a concerted
effort to merchandise the store with better quality product and more recognizable brand names. We have aggressively pursued new vendor relationships while enhancing the value proposition across our store. In fact, in the last 2 years, we have added well over 1,000 new vendors. With a deeper vendor base, the availability of deals and inventory at extreme value remains vibrant, and it’s the merchandising team’s job to make the tough choice on which item to choose and how many to buy.
I am proud of the merchant team and how well inventory was managed in 2009, which resulted in a record inventory turnover rate for this business.
Over the past 2 years, I believe that we have seen a permanent shift in customer demand toward greater value and saving money. We have encouraged our merchants to enhance our value proposition to be even more competitive in order to give our customers the kinds of savings they need during these challenging economic times. With better-planned and better- presented merchandise up and down our aisles, we have seen our customers respond and our average transaction size increase. From home and consumables to furniture, toys, electronics, and seasonal, we continue to offer our customers more brand names and better quality goods at unmatched prices.
CONNECTING WITH CUSTOMERS
Innovative programs to improve the customer experience as well as the shopability and appearance of our stores are key elements of our strategic plan. Specifically, in 2009, we launched our Ready for Business initiative across our entire fleet of over 1,360 stores. Ready for Business is a multiyear initiative focused on executing well-defined, chainwide standards that enhance the vitality of
our inventory and place a greater emphasis on the customer shopping experience.
Much like our efforts to control costs, we should always be challenging ourselves to get better on the sales floor. As an example, our Food Refresh Program was completed in 2009 and is part of our in-store strategy
to improve the shopability of the food department, one of the largest volume areas of our stores. This initiative focused on elevating cleanliness and presentation requirements, training associates who are responsible for this area, introducing new freshness guaranteed marketing and, in over half of our stores, investing capital in new fixtures.
In order to execute to a better, more consistent in-store standard, we have also been making a meaningful investment in our people and attracting new talent over the last year. Given our recent financial performance, we have become an employer of choice in the marketplace and have been able to recruit new talent at the store, district, and regional vice president levels. In 2009,
we launched our Leadership Institute — an intensive management development program for District Managers who were new to the organization or were being promoted from within the organization — to develop leaders for our future.
Technology remains an important strategic imperative at Big Lots, both to strengthen connections with our customers and to improve our processes. This year we launched our Buzz ClubTM Rewards Program. This effort

                  represents our first loyalty card program which will allow us to learn more about our customers’ buying habits, encourage more frequent visits, and/or potentially expand our customer base. We are encouraged about the progress to date and have enrolled well over 1.5 million members. Our data suggest these new Rewards members are spending more than double what the average customer spends, and in stores with the highest number of Rewards members, we are experiencing measurable increases
in transactions. In 2010, we will invest further in technology to provide us with the tools necessary to begin to directly market to our Rewards members based on their specific buying patterns and history. We see the Rewards program, along with our focus on improving the in-store shopping experience, as two key initiatives to growing transactions and expanding our current customer base.
Beyond our strategies, over 35,000 Big Lots
associates are dedicated to doing more to serve our customers. As part of our mission, we encourage every member of our team to develop strong bonds in the communities where we live and work. We will continue to be committed to making a difference to those we serve by stocking food banks, supporting volunteerism, and donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to schools, social service agencies, and local and
national charities.
INSPIRING PERFORMANCE
As CEO, it has been my personal mission to ensure that constant change remains a vital part of our culture. And I can assure you the spirit of innovation is alive and well at Big Lots.
Our ability to embrace change — to reinvent
ourselves — has been key to our success to date. We are passionate about accomplishment and accountability. Our desire to deliver outstanding performance is matched by a determination to respond to new realities. Our results demonstrate that Big Lots is a robust and growing business that is capable of performing in both good times and tough times. I am confident we are
well positioned as we begin 2010, and we have a solid business plan in place that balances the need for results today with a focus on tomorrow.
I have been with Big Lots coming up on 5 years this summer, and I firmly believe that heading into 2010 we are better positioned than at any other time in my tenure with the Company. Our merchandise content and the value message continue to grow stronger
and stronger, our stores have never looked better, inventories are flowing and well under control, and
we continue to find smart ways to leverage our cost structure without impacting the customer. For 2010,
we have provided financial guidance that forecasts
our 4th consecutive year of record EPS from continuing operations, accelerates store growth, generates significant cash flow, and will return a minimum of $150 million to shareholders in the form of share repurchase activity.
I feel very comfortable with how we have planned 2010; however, I am more excited when I think
about the opportunities for this business longer term. As a management team, we are focused on strategies and initiatives to drive continued growth over the next several years. Earlier this year, we communicated to the marketplace a view of the next three years ... 2010 through 2012. By 2012, we believe sales could exceed $5.5 billion with an operating profit rate
of 8% and EPS from continuing operations approaching $3.50 per diluted share. This model would generate $650 million to $700 million of cash while continuing to invest for the future and grow
our store base. Over the next 3 years alone, we expect to add a net of approximately 140 stores, which creates hundreds of opportunities for promotions for our best performers and potentially creates in the neighborhood of 4,000 to 5,000 jobs to do our part
to help the economy grow and improve the overall employment picture.
In my estimation, the future for this Company has never been brighter. Our model and execution continue to get stronger and stronger. We have entered into a growth mode which is the next phase of our evolution. And with the potential for a store base
of over 2,000 stores, I see this as a 9 or 10 billion dollar business, or nearly double the size that it is today.
On behalf of our Board of Directors, I would like
to thank you — our community of shareholders, customers, vendors, and suppliers — for your ongoing support. And to all of our associates and their families, I offer my deepest thanks and appreciation for the hard work and commitment you give to our company every day.
Sincerely,
Steven S. Fishman
Chairman, CEO and President
     BIG LOTS, INC. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
