TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: In 2000, we decided to make bold investments in our research and development. This was the centerpiece of our strategy to create a strong pipeline of products to sustain our growth through this decade and into the next. By the end of 2002, the payoff for this strategy was becoming more tangible: AMEVIVE® (alefacept) was about to be approved by the FDA for sale in the United States, ANTEGREN® (natalizumab) was well-advanced in Phase III trials for multiple sclerosis, and Crohn's disease and products were advancing in both clinical and pre-clinical development. In 2002, Biogen took major steps to defend its market strength, further its scientific leadership, broaden its revenue streams, sharpen its strategic focus, and increase its operational efficiency. In doing so, we have effectively laid the groundwork for a new era of growth and profitability. Revenues for fiscal year 2002 were nearly $1.2 billion, an increase of 10 percent over 2001. Net income for 2002 was $199 million, or $1.31 per share, including $0.28 per share of net non-operating or unusual charges. Excluding these charges, 2002 operating earnings were $242 million, or $1.59 operating earnings per share. While these numbers indicate a decline in earnings per share compared to 2001's $1.78 per share, much of the difference can be attributed to increased investments in research and development (R&D) and the launch of AMEVIVE.We should begin to reap the rewards for these investments in late 2003 with expanding margins.
DEFENDING OUR MARKET POSITION

To accelerate this positive momentum, we must defend our position as the worldwide leader in therapies for multiple sclerosis (MS). One way we're doing that is by continuing to invest in AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a), which in 2002 became the first $1 billion drug in multiple sclerosis. Despite the entry of new competition into the U.S. market, AVONEX remains the #1 prescribed treatment for MS worldwide, with over 120,000 patients. In fact, AVONEX leads its closest competitor in sales by a margin of almost 2 to 1. Our AVONEX franchise was further strengthened by three recent accomplishments. In May of 2002, as a result of a decision by the agency overseeing Medicare based on a law passed by Congress, AVONEX became the only MS therapy eligible for Medicare reimbursement. This represents an opportunity to treat between 4,000 and 8,000 patients over the next three years. Days later the European Medicines Agency approved AVONEX for use in the treatment of patients who are at high risk of developing clinically definite multiple sclerosis. Finally, in early 2003, the FDA approved the use of AVONEX to treat patients who have experienced their first MS attack, as indicated by brain scans that show abnormalities characteristic of MS. This means that AVONEX is now the only treatment approved for early use ­ after the first MS attack ­ in both Europe and the U.S.

FURTHERING OUR SCIENTIFIC LEADERSHIP

Of course, the surest way to maintain leadership in MS therapies is to be first to market with the next generation of treatments, which we fully intend to be ­ and here, too, we had positive news. ANTEGREN, the first in a new class of compounds known as selective adhesion molecule (SAM) inhibitors, is currently in Phase III clinical trials. Phase II clinical study results published in January of this year in the New England Journal of Medicine indicated that ANTEGREN reduced new inflammatory brain lesions by up to 93 percent in patients with relapsing forms of MS compared to a placebo.There was also a reduction of approximately 50 percent in the number of patients experiencing a relapse while being treated with ANTEGREN. An investigational study published in the same issue showed potentially promising results for ANTEGREN on disease remission and improved quality of life for patients with Crohn's disease. Because ANTEGREN uses a different mechanism of action than current therapies, it attacks MS differently, making it a potentially powerful complement to AVONEX. With the worldwide market for MS therapies expected to grow from approximately $2.5 billion in 2002 to $4 billion by 2006, Biogen is well-positioned to strengthen its scientific and market leadership.
BROADENING OUR REVENUE STREAMS

While ANTEGREN makes steady progress through the development process, AMEVIVE has already begun to contribute new revenue to Biogen, having been approved by the FDA in January of 2003 for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy. For the Biogen employees who have devoted their professional lives to researching and developing this breakthrough, the FDA's approval of AMEVIVE represents the culmination of 15 years of commitment and hard work. I congratulate them and the many people who were involved in the approval process for their outstanding efforts in bringing AMEVIVE to market. While the approval of AMEVIVE in the U.S. is exciting news for Biogen, it is even more thrilling for the millions of people who suffer from psoriasis. For many of them, AMEVIVE offers the opportunity to live their lives, perhaps for the first time, unconstrained by psoriasis or its treatment. As you'll read elsewhere in this report, AMEVIVE is already having a major impact on the quality of life of the psoriasis sufferers who participated in its clinical trials. Some patients have seen the benefit of these changes for months after therapy is completed. In addition, the unique mechanism of action of AMEVIVE may hold promise to treat a range of other T-cell mediated autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and scleroderma. In conjunction with our investigators, we continue to study use of AMEVIVE in these disease areas. There are 1.5 million people in the U.S. with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. If we achieve a modest market penetration of between 5 percent and 10 percent, we can expect to grow our AMEVIVE revenue to $500 million in 2005. Ultimately, we hope to develop AMEVIVE into a blockbuster in psoriasis and other T-cell mediated immune diseases.
S H A R P E N I N G O U R S T R AT E G I C F O C U S

While many of our efforts in 2002 were devoted to new products, we also made progress in sharpening our strategic focus. To maintain Biogen's scientific and market leadership, it is essential that we invest our energies and resources on the most promising therapeutic opportunities. After analyzing our core competencies, and the commercial opportunities before us, the management team and I determined that the interests of Biogen, its shareholders, and patients alike would be best served by pursuing a therapeutic franchise strategy with three areas of focus: neurology, with AVONEX and ANTEGREN; dermatology, with AMEVIVE and the LFA-1 antagonist IC747;, and rheumatology, with AMEVIVE, ANTEGREN, and numerous pipeline products. Our commercial intentions for the next few years will focus on these areas. We chose these three areas because Biogen has proven expertise and significant competitive strengths in all of them and many products under development. They are also areas where we believe our unique model of patient and physician education and support are an important competitive advantage.

Focusing primarily on these three areas offers several advantages to Biogen. By allowing us to concentrate our resources more effectively, we will be able to leverage our expertise better, bring promising new treatments to market faster, and market them more effectively. It will also enable us to be more agile and responsive to patient needs, as well as changes in the marketplace. In contrast to our nearer-term commercial focus, the development of innovative products requires a decade or more. In selecting our research focus areas of immunology, fibrosis, neurobiology and oncology, we challenged our researchers to look over the horizon and beyond. Over the next few decades, we expect to see exciting advances in immunology. This area has been a core strength for Biogen over the past 15 years, and we will continue to bolster our leadership in this area. Closely aligned with our research in immunology is our research in fibrotic diseases that are often the end result of chronic inflammatory processes caused by an immune system dysfunction.We have several programs with lead molecules in pre-clinical development. Neurodegenerative diseases, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease), chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, and peripheral neuropathies, are another area with tragic consequences for individuals and society. Biogen researchers began work on neurodegenerative diseases several years ago, and we remain excited about the prospects for pioneering treatments over the next several decades. Several years ago, we selected oncology as an area of focus.We believed we were well-positioned to make contributions in cancer research because of our strengths in biology. And, indeed, we developed some exciting product opportunities in only a few years. In an effort to expedite the delivery of significant therapies, we embarked on a collaboration with IDEC Pharmaceuticals to co-develop three oncology therapeutics from Biogen's early-stage development candidates. IDEC's position as a leader in the development and commercialization of oncology products will help move these unique therapies forward more rapidly. Above all, our collaboration with IDEC demonstrates once again the productivity of Biogen's discovery research and our passion to develop therapies that improve the quality of people's lives.
I N C R E A S I N G O U R O P E R AT I O N A L E F F I C I E N C Y

We expect our new strategic focus will also result in greater operational efficiency ­ lowering operating costs and reducing time to market. In addition, starting in 2003, we expect to begin reaping the benefits of having multiple products on the market: not only an additional revenue stream, but also increased manufacturing productivity. The net effect of all of these factors will be a greater ability to create sustainable value for you, our shareholders.
S E T T I N G N E W G R O W T H A N D P R O F I TA B I L I T Y G O A L S

Confident in our strategy and excited by the prospects of our new products, we have set a goal of reaching an average earnings growth rate of 20 percent over the next three years. We intend to achieve this goal by growing our revenues from nearly $1.2 billion to $2 billion and increasing net margin, as we reap the benefits of AMEVIVE sales and R&D expenses as a percentage of sales decrease modestly.
E M B A R K I N G O N N E W C O L L A B O R AT I O N S

While much of this growth will be organic and internally generated, our strategy also calls for the expansion of our neurology, dermatology, and rheumatology franchises through new commercial collaborations that leverage Biogen's global infrastructure ­ much as we have done with Elan Corporation in developing ANTEGREN, and ICOS Corporation with the LFA-1 antagonist IC747.
BUILDING FOR GROWTH

To accommodate our expected growth, we opened two new world-class facilities in North Carolina in 2002 ­ a $173 million, large-scale manufacturing plant (LSM) and a 150,000-square-foot laboratory and office building. The LSM, a 250,000-square-foot manufacturing facility with 120,000 liters of bioreactor capacity, was recently named a Project Excellence Award winner by California-based Fluor Corporation. It gives Biogen one of the largest biologic manufacturing capacities in the world and provides the flexibility to produce multiple products in our pipeline.

This project required over 2.5 million man-hours of construction to complete. I am proud to say that this was accomplished with an outstanding safety record. Strong environmental health and safety (EHS) practices are good business ­ and they protect our employees, communities and the environment. With that in mind, we've woven EHS programs and hazard-prevention activities into all aspects of our business.
CLOSING THOUGHTS

Many of our accomplishments in 2002 would not have come to pass without the vision and commitment of Jim Vincent, who stepped down as Biogen's Chairman of the Board in July. During his 16-year tenure with the company, Jim's sure and steady leadership helped transform Biogen into a $1 billion industry leader. As a result of his years of service, Biogen is well-prepared and fully equipped to advance to the next level as a multi-product, global biotechnology company. Biogen has entered 2003 re-energized by its accomplishments in 2002, sharply focused in its strategy, and poised for more aggressive, sustained growth. Our high degree of confidence and our palpable sense of excitement are, above all, testament to the quality of Biogen's science and its people. I'd like to thank everyone at Biogen ­ in particular, our research team and my management colleagues ­ for their outstanding work. I'd also like to thank you, our shareholders, because your support has made it all possible. Sincerely,

James C. Mullen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

