 $10.8B
In Revenue
+23%
Increase in non-GAAP earnings per share over 2014
To us, that means bringing new scientific understanding to diseases for which there are no or inadequate treatments, and creating novel medicines that benefit individuals afflicted with those diseases.
In 2015, we made great progress toward that goal as we accelerated development of several potentially transformative therapies, and refocused our organization on programs where we believe we can truly have an impact. We expanded the capabilities of our research and development organization by investing in breakthrough science, new technologies and platforms, and by bolstering our organization with some of
the world’s leading research scientists in the fields of neurology, gene therapy and neuroimmunology – pushing toward real treatments for previously intractable neurological conditions.
During the past year, we also redoubled our commercial efforts, expanded our global leadership in multiple sclerosis (MS), and saw more hemophilia patients switching to our therapies than any other.
Biogen revenues grew to $10.8 billion, representing an 11% increase over 2014, and we generated non-GAAP earnings per share of $17.01, a 23% increase over 2014.
At Biogen, we aspire to have the greatest impact on patients of any biotechnology company in the history of our industry.
BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
03
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
GEORGE A. SCANGOS, PH.D.
Chief Executive Officer
   
 04
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
Today, we have a healthy and growing commercial business and a deep and high-quality R&D pipeline. As we look to build the next Biogen, we believe we have set the course for a new phase of growth with a focus on next-generation treatments for MS and Alzheimer’s disease, as well as for additional neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases. We are tackling these diseases using cutting-edge neuroscience, and a variety of therapeutic approaches that include RNA-based drugs, gene therapy and gene editing.
The past five years were some of the most productive in our history, as we launched five new medicines. In 2016, we anticipate the introduction of three additional therapies to our portfolio, including ZINBRYTA for MS, and BENEPALI and FLIXABI, anti-TNF biosimilar treatments developed through our joint venture Samsung Bioepis.
We believe that our mid- to late-stage pipeline holds incredible promise. We now have numerous studies underway focused on areas where we have the potential to make a real impact for not just thousands but potentially millions of patients – slowing the progress of Alzheimer’s disease and
spinal muscular atrophy, and potentially repairing the damage caused by multiple sclerosis.
As we enter what we anticipate will be a transformative era in drug discovery and development, our commitment to groundbreaking research is expected to yield important results for patients. Our approach has risk, but our scientific expertise enables us to manage that risk through a better understanding of disease biology, a focus on genetically-validated targets, and the use of biomarkers and advanced imaging to evaluate whether compounds are having the desired biological effects. Combined, we believe these techniques significantly increase the possibility of success and potential returns for those who have invested in us.
We are building upon our unique expertise from two decades in MS to expand into new areas of neurodegeneration – Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). In the next few years, we hope to see therapies emerge for many of these conditions previously thought impossible to treat – continuing our ongoing commitment to solving some of the most challenging diseases in medicine.
 
 BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
05
 A HEALTHY AND EXPANDING COMMERCIAL PORTFOLIO
By nearly all measures, our commercial performance over the past five years has been impressive. Revenue has grown at a compounded rate of 21 percent over this period, and our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share – at a compounded rate of 30 percent – have outpaced revenue. This success has been driven by our industry-leading portfolio of MS products, which saw continued overall growth in 2015 with the introduction of TECFIDERA and PLEGRIDY in new markets around the world, and a sustained increase in prescribing as more doctors integrate these therapies into their practice.
Today, more than one in every three MS patients is treated with a Biogen product, a testament to our 20-year heritage in the market and the breadth of treatment options we offer.
In 2015, TECFIDERA’s revenue growth moderated due to a variety of factors. Yet with continued stable growth in the U.S., combined with adoption by patients in Europe, we expect to see TECFIDERA continuing to drive our global leadership in MS. TECFIDERA now is not only the most prescribed oral MS therapy worldwide; it is also the most prescribed of all MS therapies in Germany, France and the U.K. Overall, more than 170,000 patients have been treated with the therapy.
We are pleased with our continued leadership in the interferon space, which remains the therapy of choice of many patients with MS. PLEGRIDY has seen continued uptake with patients, who benefit from the efficacy and tolerability of an interferon with the convenience of once every two weeks dosing. Combined, AVONEX and PLEGRIDY contributed $3.0 billion in worldwide revenue.
TYSABRI generated revenue of $1.9 billion, as it remained the leading option for patients who require high-efficacy treatment. Nearly 10 years after approval, physicians continue to prescribe TYSABRI and we believe it is positioned well in an increasingly competitive market.
Today, more than one in every three MS patients is treated with a Biogen product, a testament to our 20-year heritage in the market and the breadth of treatment options that we offer.
 
 06
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
  In 2016, we expect to add to our growing MS portfolio. This includes the potential approval by regulatory authorities in the U.S. and EU of ZINBRYTA, our MS compound that we will market with AbbVie. We believe ZINBRYTA will be an important new option for relapsing MS patients looking to switch
to a higher-efficacy therapy.
In the U.S., ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX have become the leading switch-to products in hemophilia A and B, respectively, less than
18 months since launch. These products have generated more than a half-billion dollars of revenue in their first full year on the market in the U.S. In November 2015, the European Commission approved ELOCTA (the name
for ELOCTATE in Europe) for the treatment
of hemophilia A in Europe. We believe this approval will help contribute to growth in our hemophilia treatments this year as our collaboration partner, Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (SOBI) commercializes ELOCTA in additional markets.
    PATIENT
 PHILIP W.
Multiple Sclerosis
A diehard baseball fan, Capt. Philip W. tries to never miss seeing his hometown Cardinals play. It is a passion he shares with his son, Dennis, who frequently accompanies him to games.
As an Air Force officer, he first aributed his MS symptoms to jet lag following a long trip. When diagnosed six months later, he decided to focus on life on the ground, teaching aeronautics at a local high school.
His positive aitude and determination have helped him overcome everyday challenges –
and he lives by a mantra of “modification and moderation,” as he helps others as a volunteer at his local National Multiple Sclerosis Society chapter, and his Omega Psi Phi fraternity center.
This story reflects the personal experiences of one person, and is not intended to imply any therapeutic benefit, results or experiences with Biogen products.
   
 BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
07
  Beyond our core portfolio, sales of RITUXAN and GAZYVA, anti-CD20 products marketed under our collaboration agreement with Genentech, a Roche Group company, were $1.3 billion. These compounds remain important treatment options for patients with a variety of cancers, and GAZYVA already
has added an additional indication this year.
This year we are also taking significant steps to enter the biosimilars market. After several years in development by Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung Biologics, we expect to be the first company to market biosimilars for all three anti-TNF antibodies to patients in Europe – and with the recent approval of BENEPALI and anticipated approval of FLIXABI, biosimilar versions of Enbrel®(etanercept) and Remicade®(infliximab), we are well on our way. We also are pursuing a biosimilar version
of Humira®(adalimumab), an important anti-inflammatory agent used in a range of indications including rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease.
These products are expected to increase patient access to high-quality and lower-cost medicines. With the introduction of these therapies, we feel we are well positioned to lead in the emerging biosimilars landscape, building on our expertise and heritage in protein engineering and biologics manufacturing.
As we look ahead, with the anticipated growth from both our research pipeline and commercial products, we are now working to increase our manufacturing capacity over the next few years. We announced last year our intention to build a new, state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Solothurn, Switzerland, and we broke ground on the site in January 2016. As the demand for biologics expands and our pipeline assets mature, we believe this investment will help
to secure our ability to provide medicines to patients wherever and whenever they need them.

 08
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
THE MOST ROBUST PIPELINE IN OUR HISTORY
This past year was a remarkable one for Biogen’s R&D organization. We advanced the next wave of potential medicines through our pipeline, added important assets through business development, and bolstered efforts with innovative industry and academic partnerships and consortia. We believe that our pipeline and our organization are stronger than they have ever been, and our neurology research is as advanced as any in industry or academia.
In 2015, we reported positive results in our Phase 1b studies of aducanumab, our leading experimental treatment for Alzheimer’s disease.
These results gave us the confidence to advance aducanumab into Phase 3 trials. In 2016, we are focused on enrolling patients into our global Phase 3 clinical trials and to determine, as quickly as possible, if aducanumab will be a safe and effective treatment in the battle against Alzheimer’s disease.
In addition to aducanumab, we have two product candidates for Alzheimer’s disease in development with our collaboration partner Eisai, BAN2401 and E2609, both of which we expect will have data later this year. As with aducanumab, these compounds target amyloid plaques in the brain, which are believed to play an important role in the development of Alzheimer’s disease.
We view Alzheimer’s disease as an area where we can make a tremendous difference in the lives of patients. Today there are very limited treatment options to slow or stop the cognitive decline that is the hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease. The number of affected people in the U.S. alone is expected to grow to an estimated
13.5 million by 2050. Though many companies before us have invested heavily in this area only to come up short, we feel the science has advanced to such a degree in recent years so as to give us a clearer picture of the biologic underpinnings of the disease and possibly, more effective targets for intervention.
 
 BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
09
 We believe that our pipeline and our organization are stronger than they have ever been, and our neurology research is as advanced as any in industry or academia.
We are also encouraged by several other mid- to late-stage assets in our pipeline – each of which holds great promise for patients and our company:
» In the MS space, we have two programs designed to repair the demyelinated lesions in the brains of patients, with the goal of helping repair lost function by restoring the protective myelin that is critical for nerve cell function and that is damaged by MS. The most advanced of these is anti-LINGO-1 and we plan to share Phase 2 data on that program in 2016. The second remyelinating agent – called BIIB061 – is a small molecule antibody with an entirely different mechanism and target than anti-LINGO-1. We are moving this compound into Phase 2.
» With our collaboration partner Ionis Pharmaceuticals, we are developing nusinersen for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, the leading genetic cause of death in infants. We believe data from the open-label Phase 2 trials are encouraging and Phase 3 trials are underway. We hope to bring nusinersen to market as quickly as possible, as currently there is no treatment for this devastating disease.
» In the area of neuropathic pain, we are developing Raxatrigine, an oral small molecule that aims to block a key receptor in the modulation of pain. We plan to initiate a Phase 3 study in a chronic pain condition called trigeminal neuralgia. We also expect to begin a Phase 2b study in sciatica, which affects approximately 5.5 million people in the U.S., EU and Japan.
» Finally, we in-licensed amiselimod from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation. This experimental therapy has potential in multiple autoimmune indications. We intend to move amiselimod into Phase 3 trials for ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease in the second half of 2016. More than 500,000 people suffer from each of these diseases, yet there remains a significant need for safe, effective oral agents, particularly for patients who have had an inadequate response to existing treatments. We believe amiselimod has the potential
to be a best-in-class molecule through the mechanism of action and safety profile we have seen in the early trials.
 
 10
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
INNOVATIVE COLLABORATIONS LEADING TO REAL OUTCOMES
We have further strengthened our R&D engine through academic and industry collaborations and research consortia. Each of these relationships is intended to increase our understanding of the underlying biology of disease, improve our ability to identify and test novel drug targets, and minimize risk in drug development. We established several important collaborations in 2015, primarily in the area of genetics and gene therapy, as we believe this will be a significant area for treating complex diseases in the future.
» To advance the understanding of ALS, we joined forces with the ALS Association and Columbia University Medical Center. This initiative will involve a combination of next-generation genetic sequencing and detailed clinical phenotyping in 1,500 people with the disease.
» We formed a strategic alliance this year with the Parkinson’s Institute and Clinical Center in order
      PATIENT
 ALEX N.
Hemophilia
As a child growing up in Colombia, Alex would climb trees, race bikes and play soccer – against the objections of his mother, who saw him continually land in the hospital due to his hemophilia.
Alex had a long family history of the disease, and his grandfather and cousins were great resources in helping understand his disorder – teaching him the importance of living without a constant fear of bleeds. This was reinforced by his father, who bought him his first motorcycle.
Riding his motorcycle has become an important part of his life as he spends weekends with friends. And he still loves soccer – coaching his kids on a local youth team.
   This story reflects the personal experiences of one person, and is not intended to imply any therapeutic benefit, results or experiences with Biogen products.

 to study the underlying biology of the disease. The goal of this alliance is to create novel tools
to help with drug discovery and development and focus on finding genes that might serve as novel therapeutic targets.
» We entered into an agreement with Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) to develop a portfolio of the company’s therapeutic programs, including both a clinical stage candidate and a pre- clinical candidate for orphan diseases of the retina.
And this approach is working.
Together with researchers at Columbia University and HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, our translational sciences team identified a new gene associated with ALS out of a large-scale sequencing study that began in 2012. The discovery, which was published in the journal, Science, was the result of efforts from more than two dozen laboratories in six countries and highlights the ability of these types of collaborations to find new disease pathways and accelerate the pace of discovery.
We have further strengthened our R&D engine through academic and industry collaborations and research consortia. Each of these relationships is intended to increase our understanding of the underlying biology of disease, improve our ability to identify and test novel drug targets, and minimize risk in drug development.
BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
11
  
 12
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
  This past year, we announced that as of 2014 we achieved carbon neutrality, the result of a multi-year initiative to reduce our energy and emissions, drive efficiencies and invest in environmental projects that offset the remaining carbon associated with our business.
A COMMITMENT TO CITIZENSHIP AND SUSTAINABILITY, GLOBALLY
At Biogen, we remain deeply focused on ensuring that our expertise, reach and commitment to a sustainable future extends beyond the communities we serve and has a broader societal impact. We do this by working to improve science education, provide humanitarian relief, minimize our carbon footprint – and by encouraging all of our employees to actively participate in shaping and implementing the ideas that will advance our corporate citizenship goals.
In 2015, we dramatically increased reliable access
to hemophilia factor for patients in developing nations. Through the culmination of three years of collaborative effort with SOBI and the World Federation of Hemophilia (WFH), we produced and distributed 25 million international units of hemophilia therapy to 15 countries in the developing world, predominantly in Africa, Asia and parts of South America. This year, we expect to add 20 more countries as
part of our commitment to produce and donate 1 billion international units of hemophilia therapy over

 BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
13
  10 years. We are proud to have provided the largest single donation of hemophilia factor ever, which has served as a catalyst for the expansion of the WFH’s long-standing Humanitarian Aid Program.
In addition to our impact on the health of patients, we are committed to reducing our impact on the environment. This past year, we announced that as of 2014 we achieved carbon neutrality, the result of a multi-year initiative to reduce our energy and emissions, drive efficiencies and invest in environmental projects that offset the remaining carbon associated with our business. Our growth as a more sustainable company received important external recognition, including continued industry leadership on the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, and first place on Newsweek’s 2015 Green Rankings.
As we shape the future of our organization, we draw strength from a diverse workforce and constantly strive to nurture a culture of both innovation and inclusion. We were honored to be named to Science’s list of Top Employers in 2015 and recognized as one of the most innovative users of business technology by InformationWeek. Through our industry-leading workplace
    PATIENT
 PAMELA M.
Multiple Sclerosis
Inspired by her mother, who endured
a traumatic brain injury, Pamela was always interested in healthcare. A degree in biology pointed her toward medicine, but she initially ended up in finance.
Her MS diagnosis at age 30 was a wake-up call – and it was then that she focused on her real passion, becoming a registered nurse.
She now puts greater focus on her own health, participating in MS 150 bike rides and running several times a week. Pamela’s strength inspires those around her, especially her wife, Laura, and together with their dog, they enjoy traveling and indulging in regional cuisines.
This story reflects the personal experiences of one person, and is not intended to imply any therapeutic benefit, results or experiences with Biogen products.
   
 14
BUILDING THE NEXT BIOGEN
diversity initiatives, we earned a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index, and were pleased to be recognized as one of the best places to work for LGBT equality by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
Since 2002, more than 28,000 students have directly participated in hands-on science programs through Biogen’s Community Labs. In addition, in 2015 the Biogen Foundation increased its focus on expanding these types of experiences worldwide. Some of the Foundation’s key initiatives included:
» Support for the Association of Science – Technology Centers’ “World Biotech Tour,” which connects international science center professionals with students, teachers and the general public through interactive biotechnology-focused programming and seminars. In 2015, the World Biotech Tour visited science centers in Lisbon, Tokyo and Brussels, and in 2016 will extend efforts to Australia, Canada, Italy and Thailand.
» Funding for the Biogen Foundation’s “Ignite the Power of STEM” micro-grants program, which supports science education projects
      HEMOPHILIA CAREGIVER
 CHARITY B.
Hemophilia
Following emergency surgery to remove
a ruptured spleen shortly aer his birth, Charity’s son, Michael, was diagnosed with severe Hemophilia A. She didn’t know anything about hemophilia and made it her mission to effectively manage his disorder.
That was 19 years ago. This past fall, Charity sent Michael off to college, confident he will manage on his own, as he continues to be active in the hemophilia community.
Charity was thrilled when Michael told her he had decided to pursue a degree in public health, using what he learned as a patient to impact the treatment and care of others.
   This story reflects the personal experiences of one person, and is not intended to imply any therapeutic benefit, results or experiences with Biogen products.

 in Massachusetts and North Carolina schools. These awards promote science literacy and give
teachers new programming and classroom tools with the aim of inspiring students to pursue careers in science.
» Funding organizations that provide access to innovative science learning, teacher development and student support, including grants to Citizen Schools, Teach for America and uAspire.
As part of our commitment to corporate transparency and global citizenship we conduct a full materiality assessment that is refreshed annually. This strategic exercise helps us identify and prioritize the economic, environmental and social issues that we believe are most critical to our company’s success and that matter most to a wide variety of internal and external stakeholders. These issues are summarized in Biogen’s Corporate Citizenship Report.
Individual dedication to corporate responsibility from each one of our employees forms the foundation for our company, and continues to be a source of strength as we grow as an organization.
LOOKING AHEAD
For nearly four decades, our success has been grounded in an enduring commitment to cutting-edge science and the needs of patients. This commitment, coupled with our singular focus on making a meaningful difference in the treatment of disease, will propel us forward as we build the next Biogen.
We have built a successful and growing business by putting science, patients and our employees at the center of every decision and investment we make, and we are proud of the impact our efforts are having. We believe we are well-positioned to leverage advances in biology, genomics and technology as we pursue treatments for some of the most complex diseases.
As we embark on building the Biogen of the future, we will focus on areas with the potential to have the most impact, developing life-changing treatments for people suffering from devastating conditions.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
BIOGEN 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
15
  