FOUNDATION FOR GROWTH A leader in the biotechnology industry, Biogen Idec has three blockbuster therapies, an industry-leading pipeline, a strong global footprint, talented employees and a track record of performance. The Company is focused on growth and generating significant shareholder returns for years to come.

A LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
In my more than 30-year career, I have witnessed significant transformation across the biotechnology industry. Through it all, Biogen Idec has accomplished some remarkable feats, including creating a leading franchise in multiple sclerosis (MS), a disease for which there were no approved treatments when the Company was founded, and discovering RITUXAN (rituximab), one of the world's most successful cancer drugs that has transformed the treatment of lymphomas. With its disciplined operational fundamentals, strong financial profile and industry-leading pipeline, Biogen Idec is now undertaking some important changes of its own ­ changes that focus on driving growth and generating significant shareholder returns for years to come. We have many people to thank for helping to build this strong foundation at Biogen Idec. Those people include my predecessor, Bruce Ross, who will retire this summer after serving as Chairman for four years and a Director for 13 years. We appreciate all of his contributions. I also want to express my deep appreciation for the accomplishments of President and CEO Jim Mullen, who will also retire this June after 21 years of service to the Company. Jim joined Biogen, Inc. when it was a fledgling company with no marketed products, and his vision and commitment to our patients, investors and employees played a key role in transforming Biogen Idec into a global leader in the biotechnology industry that has helped hundreds of thousands of patients worldwide. He executed the successful merger of Biogen and IDEC Pharmaceuticals in 2003 and led the Company through the voluntary U.S. withdrawal and reintroduction of TYSABRI (natalizumab), marking only the second time in the history of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries that a product withdrawn for safety reasons has been brought back to the market. It is under Jim's leadership that the Company drove two MS products to blockbuster status, more than doubled our revenues from our RITUXAN collaboration, established our industry leadership in biologics manufacturing, and built our broad and deep pipeline that holds the promise of more great products to come.

biogenidec.com/ar2009

STACEY GARRICK (WITH HER DAUGHTER) Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2000 Started treatment with AVONEX in 2004

7

MAUREEN TARANTINO Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1993 Started treatment with TYSABRI in 2006

biogenidec.com/ar2009

We are excited about the prospect of welcoming a new CEO and delivering significant returns for all shareholders for years to come. Biogen Idec has a bright future.

I also want to take this opportunity to thank our more than 4,700 employees for their diligence and commitment to creating, developing and providing products that enhance quality of life for patients. We are extremely proud of the groundbreaking work our employees do on a daily basis, always striving to put the interests of patients first. All the directors on the Board ­ many of whom have joined in the last two years ­ are focused on quickly moving the Company toward its next chapter of growth. That effort begins with attracting a world-class CEO. I am pleased to report that the process is well under way. Our search committee is actively interviewing highly qualified candidates, and we have benefited from the input of many of our shareholders on the ideal attributes of the new CEO. As we look ahead, we are excited about the prospect of welcoming a new CEO and delivering significant returns for all shareholders for years to come. Biogen Idec has a bright future, and everyone affiliated with the Company is proud to be part of it. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

WILLIAM D. YOUNG Chairman

MANUFACTURING EXPERTISE Biogen Idec is one of a few biotechnology companies with dedicated biological bulk-manufacturing facilities. Our capabilities for protein manufacturing are world class in quality and scale.
9

