Dear Shareholder:
On November 12, 2003, we at Biogen, Inc. and IDEC Pharmaceuticals Corporation took the most momentous step in our corporate histories. We created Biogen Idec Inc., a new global biotechnology leader. Since that historic day we have spoken to shareholders with one voice, articulating one overriding strategic message -- one plus one equals three. The fusion of Biogen Idec has forged synergies we believe will deliver both near-term and long-term value. tion profits on a quarterly basis. Net U.S. sales of RITUXAN were $1.360 billion in 2003, up 26 percent from $1.080 billion in 2002. Our share of copromotion profits was $419.2 million in 2003 and $324.5 million in 2002.

MAJOR DRUG & FACILITY APPROVALS Two product candidates
in our clinical development pipeline achieved significant commercial milestones. In January 2003 the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) approved AMEVIVE® (alefacept) for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. In addition, in August 2003 the FDA approved the Company's large-scale manufacturing plant (LSM) in Research Triangle Park (RTP), North Carolina, for commercial production of AMEVIVE. Biogen Idec plans to use the LSM, which has 90,000 liters of bioreactor capacity, to manufacture certain future products in the Company's product development pipeline. In January 2004, the European Medicines Evaluation Agency, the regulatory arm of the European Union, approved ZEVALIN® (ibritumomab tiuxetan) for the treatment of adult patients with rituximab-relapsed or refractory CD20-positive follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). The approval in the EU opens up a new revenue stream for Biogen Idec from royalty payments related to sales of ZEVALIN by Schering AG, the Company's licensee outside the United States.

MERGER RATIONALE The merger has hastened each company's strategic plans by about five years, allowing us to achieve significant growth virtually overnight. In manufacturing we've doubled our biologics manufacturing capacity. In commercial and research and development we have a major presence and global infrastructure in three clinical areas -- oncology, dermatology, neurology -- with potential expansion into rheumatology. In research and development we now can invest more than $550 million a year, seeking to discover and develop new standards of patient care. By 2005, this investment in research and development is expected to result in 25 percent more clinical trials. The merger also affords us numerous financial synergies. We expect to save at least $300 million in operating expenses, at least $175 million in capital expenditures, and at least $50 million in treasury and tax benefits year-over-year in the period 2004­2007. These financial benefits are expected to produce average, top-line growth of 15 percent and average EPS growth of 20 percent, yearover-year over the same period. Today, due to the success of our merger and integration, we are poised to take advantage of our common vision and values, our mutual culture and our combined strengths. Below are some of the achievements we accomplished on your behalf. STRONG PERFORMANCE, SUPERIOR RESULTS In 2003, Biogen
Idec showed strong performance and superior results. The Company's unaudited pro forma combined revenues for 2003 rose 19 percent to $1.852 billion versus a comparable basis in 2002 of $1.553 billion. GAAP revenues for 2003 exceeded $679 million. For a full discussion of financial results, please turn to page 27. AVONEX® (interferon beta-1a) and RITUXAN® (rituximab) were the two major drivers of last year's revenue growth. Sales of AVONEX, the world's leading therapy for multiple sclerosis, exceeded $1.168 billion in 2003, up 13 percent from $1.034 billion in 2002. RITUXAN is the world's leading therapy for certain types of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. We market RITUXAN in the U.S. in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. Genentech recognizes all U.S. sales of RITUXAN and we record our share of the pretax copromo-

OTHER CLINICAL DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS Several product candidates in our clinical pipeline also made significant progress toward commercialization. Biogen Idec, Genentech and F. Hoffmann LaRoche initiated global, randomized studies evaluating RITUXAN in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), based on positive results from a Phase II study of RITUXAN in RA. Biogen Idec and its collaborators are conducting a registrational, clinical trial of RITUXAN in RA patients who have had an inadequate response to Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) inhibitor therapy. Biogen Idec in collaboration with Elan Corporation, plc, is conducting two concurrent Phase III studies with ANTEGREN® (natalizumab) in MS. One trial is evaluating the ability of ANTEGREN to slow the rate of disability in MS and reduce the rate of clinical relapses. The other trial, which combines ANTEGREN with AVONEX, is determining if combination therapy is more effective than treatment with AVONEX alone in slowing rate of disability and reducing the rate of clinical relapses. In February 2004, Biogen Idec and Elan announced that they expect to submit to the FDA an application for approval of ANTEGREN as a treatment for MS. The companies said they expect

B I O G E N I D E C 2 0 0 3 annual report

23

Dear Shareholder (cont.):
to submit the filing mid-year 2004. The decision to file a Biologics License Application (BLA) was made after discussions with the FDA of one-year data from the two ongoing two-year Phase III trials in MS. Meanwhile, in January 2004, the companies reported that the second Phase III trial of ANTEGREN in Crohn's disease met the primary endpoint of maintenance of response. In July 2003, the companies reported that the first Phase III trial of ANTEGREN in Crohn's disease did not meet the primary endpoint of induction of response at a predefined time point. The companies plan to initiate an additional Phase III trial of ANTEGREN in Crohn's disease in 2004. Biogen Idec launched a new pre-filled syringe formulation of AVONEX in both the U.S. and Europe. The simpler dose administration shows our commitment to maintaining our leadership in an increasingly competitive MS market. Biogen Idec has licensed exclusive rights to develop and market a new oral therapy for psoriasis from Fumapharm AG. The product, BG-12, a second-generation fumarate derivative with an immunomodulatory mechanism of action, has entered Phase III clinical trials in Europe. A first-generation product is currently marketed as FUMADERM® in Germany, where it is the most prescribed oral, systemic treatment for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.

PRECLINICAL HIGHLIGHTS One of Biogen Idec's core strengths
is research and development. We have a pipeline of earlier-stage programs in our focus areas and in other areas of interest. For example: · We are developing a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against alpha-1/beta-1 integrin (VLA-1). VLA-1 is found on a variety of cells associated with tissue inflammation and fibrosis, including activated T cells, macrophages and myofibroblasts. Reduction of VLA-1 activity is associated with sharply reduced inflammation and fibrosis in experimental models of disease. · We are developing several oncology product candidates, including an anti-lymphotoxin beta receptor monoclonal antibody that has shown activity in inhibiting tumor growth in animal models; an anti-TAG72 antibody designed as a radioimmunotherapy for the treatment of carcinomas that targets the tumor site while minimizing the radiation to normal tissues such as bone marrow; and Cripto antibody, a monoclonal antibody that is designed to inhibit Cripto, a novel cell surface-signaling molecule that is over-expressed in solid tumors. · In separate collaborations with Genentech, we are developing a new humanized anti-CD20 antibody targeting B-cell disorders for a broad range of indications, and a BR3 protein therapeutic agent as a potential treatment for disorders associated with abnormal B-lymphocyte activity, such as rheumatoid arthritis and lupus.

CONSTANT INNOVATIVE CHANGE In the months following the merger much work has been accomplished. Organizationally, we have put in place a new management structure, constituted a new Board of Directors, and finalized all important human resource policies. Operationally, we've prioritized our product candidate portfolio and integrated a variety of systems, such as information technology and finance. Today's success in biotechnology requires constant, innovative change. However difficult or disruptive, innovative change is the swiftest and surest path to opportunity. And if we resist change? Benjamin Franklin perhaps said it best: "When you're finished changing, you're finished." We offer congratulations and special thanks to our employees who have shown us time and again that there is no challenge they cannot meet and master. The success of our merger is a testament to their commitment, teamwork and zeal. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, we also thank our business partners, clinical investigators, doctors, nurses, patients and shareholders for the contributions they have made and trust they have placed in us. In 2003, Biogen Idec took the first steps on an exciting, new journey of discovery, development and commercialization of new standards of patient care in cancer, and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Many milestones and achievements are ahead. We invite you to continue with us on the journey.

Sincerely,

William H. Rastetter, Ph.D. Executive Chairman Biogen Idec Inc.

James C. Mullen Chief Executive Officer and President Biogen Idec Inc.

24

