1

Dear Fellow Shareholders, During 2006, we continued to pursue our mission of developing innovative treatment options for patients with high unmet medical needs, and we achieved a great deal: · Our two leading therapies ­ AVONEX (interferon beta-1a) and RITUXAN® (rituximab) ­ generated very strong financial results and maintained their rankings among the top 10 biotechnology products sold worldwide.
®

and marketed for the first time in 2006 for RA, grew by 14% to $811 million. We market RITUXAN in the United States in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. We also recognized revenues of $36 million related to TYSABRI, a therapy for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, on which we collaborate with Elan Corporation. TYSABRI was re-launched in the U.S. and launched in Europe in the third quarter. By February 2007, nearly 10,000 patients worldwide had been prescribed with the product. Launches of TYSABRI in additional countries are continuing in 2007, creating further momentum. With more than 400,000 patients being treated today for MS, and many thousands who have abandoned treatment for various reasons, there is increasing interest by physicians and patients who are impressed by TYSABRI's convenient dosing regimen and efficacy, including its 67% reduction in relapses, sustained over two years, as demonstrated in U.S. clinical trials. As such, we expect to see an acceleration of TYSABRI's sales over time. Biogen Idec maintained financial discipline throughout 2006. We completed several restructuring initiatives designed to give the company even greater flexibility to invest in external growth opportunities to augment our product pipeline. These initiatives included divesting our psoriasis product AMEVIVE® (alefacept) and selling several other assets. In 2006, our business generated operating cash flow of more than $841 million and, at the end of the year, we had $2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. During the year, we repurchased 7.5 million shares at a total cost of $320 million, and were authorized by the board of directors to repurchase up to an additional 20 million shares of our common stock.

· The re-launch of TYSABRI® (natalizumab) in multiple sclerosis (MS) proceeded well, positioning that product to contribute increasingly to our revenue growth, and we successfully launched RITUXAN in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), another indication where there is high unmet medical need. · We made significant investments to advance our product pipeline, and established momentum in our efforts to expand within and beyond our core therapeutic areas of neurology, oncology and immunology. · Finally, we put in place a new strategic framework, called "2015 Vision," that will enable Biogen Idec to continue to transform scientific discoveries into advances in human healthcare, and generate value for our shareholders over the next decade. FINANCIAL OVERVIEW In 2006, revenues grew to more than $2.68 billion ­ an increase of approximately 11% over the prior year. As was the case in 2005, this revenue growth resulted primarily from the performance of AVONEX and RITUXAN. Revenues for AVONEX, the number one prescribed therapy for MS, were $1.71 billion, up 11% from 2005. Unconsolidated joint business revenues related to RITUXAN, the world's leading therapy for certain types of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL)

BIOGEN IDEC 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

3

"2015 VISION" STRATEGY LAUNCHED Even as we achieved strong operational, commercial and financial performance in 2006, we took a hard look during the year at the present operating environment and, more importantly, trends in the global biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries that are expected to unfold over time. These trends include the slowing growth of the global biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries within North America, Europe and Japan due to changing regulatory and managed care markets. By contrast, rapidly developing economies, such as those in India and China, are increasing in importance. We expect to see significant continued change across the Research & Development (R&D) and commercial landscape in our industry over the next 10 years and beyond. To enable Biogen Idec to capture the opportunities and navigate the challenges of the next decade, we have adopted a well-defined operational strategy, which we call our "2015 Vision." We intend to:

· Grow our core therapeutic areas. · Advance Biogen Idec into new therapeutic areas. · Expand our global footprint. · Further develop our people and culture. · Bring valuable products to our patients, who are at the center of all that we do. In 2006, we made considerable progress in each of these areas. Most notably, in the area of expanding our core therapeutic areas, we advanced three drug programs into late-stage clinical trials. The first, BG-12, is an oral fumarate being studied for the treatment of MS and psoriasis, which we developed jointly with Fumapharm AG. In May, we announced with Fumapharm positive results from a Phase II study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of BG-12 in patients with relapsing-remitting MS. We have since advanced BG-12 into Phase III clinical trials. This further enhances our broad pipeline within MS, where we already have the world's leading franchise with AVONEX,

the most prescribed MS therapy, and TYSABRI, which offers patients a new level of efficacy. For the treatment of cancer, we advanced two drug programs in 2006: Galiximab, an anti-CD80 monoclonal antibody for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and Lumiliximab, an anti-CD23 antibody for chronic lymphocytic leukemia. We are also seeking to grow our current core therapeutic areas via `lifecycle management' ­ that is, by expanding the labels of our existing therapies. RITUXAN, a therapy with an efficacy and safety profile demonstrated in certain types of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, is a good example of this initiative. We are not solely pursuing new therapies, which demand large capital commitments and typically take 10-15 years to bring to market. Rather, with RITUXAN, we are targeting other indications with high unmet medical needs. This includes RA, for which RITUXAN was just launched, MS and, potentially, lupus. Separately, given the importance of TYSABRI's method of action, we are investigating its potential benefit to Crohn's

disease patients. In the U.S., a supplemental biologics license application (sBLA) for TYSABRI in Crohn's has been filed with the Food and Drug Administration. On a final note, regarding growth of our core therapeutic areas, Cecil B. Pickett, Ph.D., joined Biogen Idec in 2006 as its President, Research & Development. In his role of leader of our global R&D organization, Cecil is helping us to continue to attract top talent, advance our research pipeline, as well as develop even more R&D partnerships. He previously was President, Schering-Plough Research Institute, where he rebuilt Schering-Plough's pipeline of large and small molecule candidates into the ScheringPlough clinical development pipeline. ACTIVE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM In addition to investigating our core products for their potential in other indications, we intensified our business development efforts in 2006. By creating significant operating cost savings through a restructuring we implemented primarily in 2005, we enabled the company to allocate approximately $200 million a year of R&D

Annie Glidden > 2006 Leadership Award Winner

Mike Lynch > TYSABRI patient

Michelle Keech > 2006 Leadership Award Winner

Bob Arduini > Molecular Discovery

We create value for our patients, who are at the center of all that we do.

Michael Schnock > 2006 Leadership Award Winner

"In order to mitigate the significant costs and risks associated with drug development, we will continue to actively seek opportunities outside of Biogen Idec via partnering, licensing or acquisitions."

BIOGEN IDEC 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

5

investment for business development and external research opportunities. In 2006, we applied approximately half of this targeted allocation, and completed six transactions between May 2006 and January 2007: · In May, we completed the acquisition of Conforma Therapeutics Corporation, a privately held biopharmaceutical company focused on the design and development of novel drugs for the treatment of cancer. We rapidly integrated Conforma's assets into our San Diego facility. We are now looking to leverage its technology platform, which is focused on the discovery and development of drugs that inhibit heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) molecules. These molecules are involved in protecting and supporting the growth of cancer cells across a range of tumor types, and also play a role in tumor resistance to a number of leading cancer therapies. Conforma has advanced CNF2024, a totally synthetic, orally bioavailable HSP90 inhibitor which we are committed to advancing. · In June, we completed the acquisition of Fumapharm AG, the Swiss company with whom we had partnered in

the development of BG-12, the oral compound now in Phase III for MS, and which also markets FUMADERM® (dimethylfumarate and monoethylfumarate salts), a commercial product available in Germany for the treatment of psoriasis. · We took another step to augment our already broad portfolio of innovative products and potential therapies in development for people living with MS. In October, we initiated with the Belgian company, UCB, a joint collaboration to develop and commercialize CDP323, an orally active small molecule alpha 4 integrin inhibitor. Initial development of the compound will be focused on the treatment of relapsing-remitting MS, and we are considering other autoimmune disease indications. Phase II clinical trials of this compound in MS are expected to start in 2007. · We announced in September 2006 a collaboration with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals to discover and develop RNAi therapeutics for the potential treatment of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML), a rare and potentially fatal demyelinating disease of the central nervous system.

· In September 2006, we in-licensed Aviptadil for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) from private Swiss biotech company mondoBIOTECH AG. Aviptadil is a synthetically produced human peptide with Orphan Drug status for PAH in the U.S. and Europe. PAH is a debilitating and life-threatening disorder characterized by increased pressure in the pulmonary arteries, and the unmet medical need of patients continues to be high. · In January 2007 we acquired Syntonix, a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing long-acting therapeutic products to improve treatment regimens for chronic diseases. Syntonix, which has multiple pre-clinical programs in hemophilia, uses proprietary technologies to harness the human body's natural pathways for protecting antibodies against premature destruction and for transporting antibodies across cell barriers such as those in the lungs. Its lead product, FIX:Fc, a proprietary long-acting Factor IX product for the treatment of hemophilia B, has the potential to reduce the frequency of intravenous injections required for disease management. We expect to

file an investigational new drug application with the Food and Drug Administration for FIX:Fc in 2007. · Finally, building on a collaborative relationship that began in 2005, we continued to advance programs with PDL BioPharma that encompass the joint development and joint commercialization of two Phase II antibodies. This partnership is intended to expand our oncology presence in solid tumors, while strengthening our position as a leader in MS research and development. One of the antibodies, Daclizumab, blocks the IL-2 receptor and is a proven immunomodulatory. With PDL, we are completing a combination trial in MS of Daclizumab with beta interferon, and we anticipate results from that study will be available midyear in 2007. We also are planning to start a monotherapy study in relapsingremitting MS. In order to mitigate the significant costs and risks associated with drug development, we will continue to actively seek opportunities outside of Biogen Idec via partnering, licensing or acquisitions. Our track record in 2006 strengthens our position as a valued partner and collaborator.

"To enable Biogen Idec to capture the opportunities and navigate the challenges of the next decade, we have adopted a well-defined operational strategy, which we call our `2015 Vision.'"
Brad Buchanan > Project Engineering Natasha Williams > RITUXAN RA patient Bob Kenyon > Business Development

Stephanie Jurgensen > Alison Tibbetts 2006 Leadership Award Winners

Growing our existing core therapeutic areas.

Cecil Pickett > President, Research & Development

BIOGEN IDEC 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

7

ADVANCEMENT OF BIOGEN IDEC INTO NEW THERAPEUTIC AREAS Within the framework of the 2015 Vision, we are seriously exploring opportunities to enter new therapeutic areas. We are evaluating them according to such criteria as: · Opportunities for specialty products or channels; · Ability to leverage with future products; · Actionable plans to buy or build capability quickly; and · Potential to create significant value for our shareholders. There are, for instance, possible target areas for us within the acute care market, where there may be opportunities in cardiovascular products, anti-infectives, neurological disorders and anti-fungals, among others. As a first step in this direction, we in-licensed Aviptadil from mondoBIOTECH for pulmonary arterial hypertension in September 2006. This transaction allows us to launch a new cardiovascular/cardiopulmonary specialty therapeutic area.

As described above, we also acquired Syntonix, which has multiple pre-clinical programs in hemophilia, at the beginning of 2007. EXPANSION OF BIOGEN IDEC'S GLOBAL FOOTPRINT We see an opportunity to grow Biogen Idec's global footprint ­ the third component of our 2015 Vision ­ and extend beyond our existing capabilities, which include our 3,700 employees worldwide (more than 600 of whom are in International business), and our direct commercial presence in 25 key markets and network of distribution partners in more than 70 markets. We are confident about the global opportunities before us because we have been successful in growing AVONEX into the market leader worldwide over the past several years, building on the number one ranking we have held in the U.S. for 10 years. In 2006, AVONEX continued to gain market share internationally in our direct market, and it is growing slightly faster than the total MS market.

AVONEX was approved for use in Japan in 2006, and we launched the product in the fourth quarter with our own sales force. This milestone represented the culmination of many years of work and marked our first venture into direct sales in an Asian market. Beyond Japan, we intend to pursue an expansion of AVONEX into other international markets, following a rough timeline of 2007 in the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia and Brazil, and 2010 in Mexico and Argentina. India and China plans are being developed for approximately 2007-2010. CONCLUSION We were pleased with our performance in 2006, as we generated strong financial results, re-launched TYSABRI, advanced our product pipeline and established good momentum in our efforts to expand within and beyond our core therapeutic areas of neurology, oncology and immunology. Looking back on 2006, we are now three years into the merger between Biogen and Idec. We are delivering on

the goals we set out at the time, most notably achieving a three-year non-GAAP earnings per share compound annual growth rate of 23%, against our originally targeted goal of 20% annual growth from 2003 to 2007. You will find additional details on our financial performance and our earnings per share growth rate in the Financial Performance section of this report. Even more importantly, in 2006 we took a significant step forward by setting in motion our "2015 Vision" strategy to position Biogen Idec to continue to transform scientific discoveries into advances in human healthcare, and generate value for our shareholders over the next decade. We look forward to reporting to you on our achievements along the way, and thank you for your support.

JAMES C. MULLEN PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

"We are confident about the global opportunities before us because we have been successful in growing AVONEX into the market leader worldwide over the past several years, building on the number one ranking we have held in the U.S. for 10 years."
< Renée Shapiro Molecular Discovery

Erika Cawthron > Leslie Muscanell 2006 Leadership Award Winners

Haroon Hashmi > 2015 Vision Award Winner

James C. Mullen > President and Chief Executive Officer

"For the treatment of cancer, we advanced two drug programs in 2006: Galiximab, an anti-CD80 monoclonal antibody for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and Lumiliximab, an anti-CD23 antibody for chronic lymphocytic leukemia."

