DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
I am honored and humbled to write to you as the CEO of Biogen as
we celebrate our 40th anniversary in 2018. One of the world’s first global biotechnology companies, we were founded in 1978 by Charles Weissmann, Heinz Schaller, Kenneth Murray and Nobel Prize winners Walter Gilbert and Phillip Sharp.
OUR FOUNDERS’ guiding principles and leadership in innovative scientific research
have sustained at Biogen to this day. Over the past decade, we have been devoted to defeating devastating neurological diseases. Biogen has established a 20-year foundation in multiple sclerosis (MS) treatment and, most recently, pioneered a treatment for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).
2018 is a remarkable time to lead a company at the forefront of neuroscience. We believe no other disease area holds as much need or as much promise for medical breakthroughs as neuroscience. Neurological disorders affect approximately one billion people, are the leading cause of disability and are the number two cause of death worldwide, second only to cardiovascular disease.
We believe that Biogen is uniquely positioned as a global leader in neuroscience to take on this enormous challenge. In 2017 we declared our goal to become the global leader in neuroscience by developing transformational therapies to address what we believe are becoming the world’s most significant unmet medical needs.
Our strategy is simple: Leverage a strong core business to help drive future growth. Our first three strategic priorities focus on fortifying our core business – this is Biogen today:
• Maximizing the resilience of our core multiple sclerosis (MS) business to drive earnings and cash flow
• Accelerating our progress in spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) as we shift towards new growth opportunities
• Creating a leaner and simpler operating model
For the Biogen of tomorrow, we will build upon our core business and a leaner and simpler operating model to create new sources of value through:
• Developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio to create the future growth engines of Biogen
• Re-prioritizing our capital allocation efforts to continue to maximize shareholder value, with an increased focus on investment for future growth
We are pleased with the work we have done to execute on our strategy, which we believe has led to significant progress for Biogen. We know our work is not finished and we remain committed to our longer-term goal of becoming the leader in neuroscience and the fastest-growing large cap
biotech company.
~1b
PEOPLE SUFFER FROM NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS WORLDWIDE
12
LIFE-CHANGING MEDICINES
2017 Biogen Annual Report | 4
      
5 | 2017 Biogen Annual Report
 EXECUTING ON THE CORE BUSINESS CREATING NEW SOURCES OF VALUE
     Maximizing the resilience of our MS core business
  EXECUTING ON OUR STRATEGY
We believe we delivered on our strategy in 2017. Our MS business remained core to Biogen’s success with global revenues, including royalty revenues on sales of OCREVUS®, increasing 4 percent over 2016. In addition, the launch of SPINRAZA proved to be one of the most remarkable biotech product launches of the year, with approximately 3,200 patients on the therapy3. Our efforts combined to deliver strong financial performance, generating an all-time high of $12.3 billion in total revenues. Total revenues for 2017 grew by 7 percent over 2016, or a 15 percent increase over 2016 excluding hemophilia revenues4.
Developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio
   Accelerating our progress in spinal muscular atrophy
 Re-prioritizing our capital allocation efforts
  Creating a leaner and simpler operating model
  3 As of December 31, 2017, approximately 3,200 patients were receiving SPINRAZA across the post-marketing setting, the expanded access program and ongoing clinical trials.
4 In Q1 2017 Biogen completed the spin-off of its global hemophilia business into a new company, known as Bioverativ Inc. The 15 percent increase in total revenues excludes all hemophilia revenues from 2016 through January 2017. Hemophilia revenues include ELOCTATE® and ALPROLIX® product revenues as well as royalty and contract manufacturing revenues received from Sobi.
 
For the Biogen of tomorrow, we plan to build upon our core business to create new sources of value. In 2017 we made noteworthy advancements, transitioning five pipeline candidates from research to development, nearly doubling our historical productivity. Additionally, we added seven new clinical stage programs across our core and emerging growth areas through the advancement of our internal candidates and external business development. These programs included:
2017 Biogen Annual Report | 6
  CORE:
•BIIB098 (monomethyl fumarate prodrug)* in MS
•BIIB092 (anti-tau mAb) in Alzheimer’s disease
•BIIB092 (anti-tau mAb) in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP) •BIIB076 (anti-tau mAb)* in Alzheimer’s disease
•BIIB080 (IONIS-MAPTRx)* in Alzheimer’s disease
EMERGING:
•BIIB093 (glibenclamide IV) in Large Hemispheric Infarction (LHI) Stroke •Natalizumab in Epilepsy
~20%
OF ANNUAL REVENUES INVESTED INTO R&D OVER PAST DECADE
$12.3b
IN REVENUES IN 2017
  *Collaboration programs.
CORE GROWTH AREAS
MS/NEURO- ALZHEIMER’S IMMUNOLOGY DISEASE/ DEMENTIA
MOVEMENT DISORDERS
EMERGING GROWTH AREAS
NEURO- PAIN OPHTHAL- NEURO- MUSCULAR MOLOGY PSYCHIATRY DISORDERS
ACUTE NEUROLOGY
 We also re-prioritized our capital allocation with an increased focus on long-term growth while continuing to buy back shares opportunistically, repurchasing approximately 4.9 million shares of our common stock in 2017 with a total value of $1.4 billion.
In 2017 we further aligned our business to our strategy. We completed the spin-off of our hemophilia business as an independent company and we continued construction of our large-scale biologics manufacturing facility at Solothurn, Switzerland, which we expect will be operational by the end of the decade.
In 2017 we also made several key appointments to our management team, including Jeffery D. Capello as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ginger Gregory as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer and Chirfi Guindo as Executive Vice President and Head of Global Marketing, Market Access and Customer Innovation.
Our people and our leaders are at the core of our success. During my time at Biogen, I have been inspired by the commitment that all Biogen employees have to patients, to our communities, and to our shareholders. I am privileged to work with people who have the talent and skills needed to lead Biogen forward.

7 | 2017 Biogen Annual Report
~37%
MS PATIENTS TREATED WITH OUR MEDICINES GLOBALLY
1st
& ONLY APPROVED TREATMENT FOR SMA
SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY (SMA)
In 2017 the launch of SPINRAZA exceeded expectations. We saw strong SPINRAZA patient growth both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2017, there were approximately 3,200 patients on the therapy5.
Worldwide SPINRAZA revenues reached $884 million as we expanded our launch of SPINRAZA globally in 2017 and received additional approvals, including in the European Union and Japan. SPINRAZA is the first and only approved treatment for SMA, bringing hope for the first time to families, infants, teens and young adults.
We were also honored, along with our partner Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Ionis), when SPINRAZA won the prestigious 2017 Prix Galien USA award for the Best New Biotechnology Product.
BIOSIMILARS
Biogen is a leader in the emerging field of biosimilars through Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung BioLogics Co. Ltd. Together we are working to expand patient choice and offer physicians more options to meet the needs of patients, while delivering savings to healthcare systems. Biogen markets two biosimilars in Europe for Samsung Bioepis, BENEPALI (etanercept) and FLIXABI (infliximab), serving more than 70,000 patients and generating $380 million in total product revenues in 2017, representing a 277 percent increase over 2016. In addition, a third biosimilar which we will market, IRMALDI (adalimumab), was approved in the European Union in 2017 and is expected to launch in Europe in October 2018.
CREATING NEW SOURCES OF VALUE
2017 was a transformative year for Biogen Research & Development. We provided clarity on Biogen’s strategic priorities and we believe this is where breaking science is opening new avenues for drug development. We believe that Biogen has a competitive advantage based on our strong track record and intense focus on our core and emerging growth areas within neuroscience. We also believe our successful SPINRAZA launch exemplifies our ability to bring new therapies to patients
in need. Our goal is to leverage our competitive advantage, to target our investments to the areas of greatest need and opportunity and to advance a world-class neuroscience R&D engine.
5 As of December 31, 2017, approximately 3,200 patients were receiving SPINRAZA across the post-marketing setting, the expanded access program and ongoing clinical trials.
6 Two currently available for treatment; a third has been granted marketing authorization by the European Commission and is expected to launch in Europe in October 2018.
CORE COMMERCIAL PERFORMANCE
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS (MS)
Today, Biogen remains a global leader in all three segments of the MS market: oral, high-efficacy and interferons. In 2017, even amid stiff competition, we were resilient with our global MS market share of approximately 37 percent, or approximately 340,000 patients.
Our $9 billion MS franchise, including royalty revenues on sales of OCREVUS, has grown revenues at a compounded annual growth rate of 14 percent over the last 5 years. TECFIDERA revenues rose 6 percent to $4.2 billion in 2017 and TYSABRI remained in a stable market position with approximately $2 billion in annual revenues.
We were able to expand U.S. access for our MS portfolio and we are excited to see it implemented in 2018. We also executed five value-based contracts in the U.S., which we believe will give us the opportunity to learn and develop new contracting models to better serve patients in the future.
   ANT3
I-TNF BIOSIMILARS
APPROVED IN THE EU6

As part of our long-standing commitment to the MS community, we remain dedicated to advancing the treatment of MS and building on our leadership in this space. In 2017 we demonstrated this commitment by advancing opicinumab (anti-LINGO-1) into a Phase 2b trial for remyelination. We also licensed BIIB098, an oral monomethyl fumarate prodrug, from Alkermes Pharma Ireland Limited, a subsidiary of Alkermes plc. Furthermore, we strengthened our TECFIDERA intellectual property position through a licensing agreement with Forward Pharma A/S (Forward Pharma).
SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY
2017 Biogen Annual Report | 8
 As we develop and expand our portfolio, we aim to increase overall productivity at every stage, balance our portfolio and to continue to implement a robust external portfolio strategy, which may include acquisitions, development partnerships for resource flexibility and risk sharing and early innovation partnerships.
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS
ONE OF THE LARGEST PRODUCERS OF BIOLOGICS IN BIOTECH
>$2b
SPENT ON R&D IN 2017 ALONE
140
ACTIVE STUDIES7
 As part of our commitment to the SMA community, we remain dedicated to advancing potential additional treatment options for SMA. In December 2017 we entered into a new collaboration agreement with Ionis to identify additional antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) drug candidates for
the treatment of SMA. In this collaboration, we are exploring novel chemistries for advancing intrathecal ASO-based therapies that have the potential to reduce the dosing burden or increase the therapeutic effect of a therapy.
We continue to believe that there is an opportunity in gene therapy and remain committed to advancing our gene therapy asset for SMA to clinical trials with the aim of dosing the first patient in the middle of 2018.
ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE
We believe we have the industry’s leading Alzheimer’s disease portfolio and are developing a variety of investigational therapies to treat patients with the disease. We have learned from extensive research, including from genetics, that Alzheimer’s disease can be driven by amyloid beta and
that plaque build-up occurs before symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease. Our lead investigational compound, aducanumab, is being jointly developed with Eisai Co. LTD (Eisai) as of October 22, 2017. It is the first to show with clinical data a slowing of the progression of disease as we saw in the Phase 1b PRIME trial. The aducanumab investigational compound differs in meaningful ways from other investigational compounds because it is highly selective for aggregated forms of amyloid beta and substantially removes them from the brain. The results from the Phase 1b PRIME trial support the design of our ongoing Phase 3 trials.
In late 2017 the Independent Data Monitoring Committee determined that BAN2401, an anti- amyloid beta protofibril antibody that we are jointly developing with Eisai, did not meet the criteria for success based on a Bayesian analysis at 12 months as the primary endpoint in an 856-patient Phase II trial (Study 201). The results of the final analysis are expected in the second half of 2018.
Beyond aducanumab and BAN2401, we are advancing four other clinical assets in Alzheimer’s disease, including E2609, a BACE inhibitor being jointly developed with Eisai, two anti-tau antibodies and an anti-tau ASO in collaboration with Ionis.
In 2017 we also renegotiated our agreements with Eisai and Neurimmune AG Subone (Neurimmune) with the aim to improve the potential long-term economics of aducanumab.
7 Active study includes all studies between pre-Study Management Team (SMT) formation and Clinical Study Report (CSR) as defined by internal systems as of March 9, 2018.
 
 9 | 2017 Biogen Annual Report
BIOGEN FOR THE FUTURE
Forty years from now, we may look back at this time as a point of inflection for Biogen as we build on our legacy of science and discovery to pursue increasingly complex challenges in neuroscience. Leveraging substantial core competencies, including the world’s best neurologists and neuroscientists, across a broad set of opportunities, we believe that we are well positioned
for the future.
We believe we are already executing on our well-defined strategy to deliver near-term results and maximize long-term value. We have an energized, world-class executive team – and highly-skilled, passionate employees – with clear opportunities in front of us based on the significant unmet medical need and breakthroughs we see in neuroscience.
We also recognize that disease knows no borders or financial position. While we remain focused
on our priority markets, we are selectively expanding Biogen around the world. We also continue to look for innovative ways to drive the evolution of the payer market, as evidenced by our value-based contracting models. With an evolving payer landscape and possible political and regulatory changes likely impacting our industry, we will focus on working to shape the future landscape in an effort to place the patient first.
At Biogen, our credo is Caring Deeply. Working Fearlessly. Changing Lives.TM We are committed to this philosophy, and we will continually work to improve patient access and health outcomes, build supportive communities and inspire future generations of scientists. I am proud of the dedication of our employees and the strength of our programs in such areas as diversity and inclusion, safety and environmental sustainability. Biogen continues to garner the respect and admiration of its peers and the communities in which it operates.
Through all of our work, we maintain the highest levels of ethics and transparency, which are critical to building and maintaining trust with patients, providers, our shareholders and other stakeholders.
As we celebrate our 40th anniversary in 2018, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients’ lives – and all the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Finally, I would like to thank you, my fellow shareholders, for your past support and continued confidence in the future of Biogen.
 Michel Vounatsos
Chief Executive Officer
