F R O M

T H E

C H A I R M A N

Biogen will celebrate its 25th anniversary year throughout 2002­2003. We enter this period as a mature and confident leader of the biotechnology industry. Long-term members of the Biogen family will remember that this strength was not always the case. When I joined the company in 1986, Biogen was navigating some stormy seas. At times, it appeared that the blaze of invention and creativity on which we were founded might be extinguished. During the years that followed, we repositioned the company and established the financial strength and discipline that are still unparalleled in our industry. We brought AVONEX through worldwide registration to its current position of global market leadership. We leveraged our revenue stream from outlicensing important Biogen discoveries, such as Intron®A alpha interferon, and the hepatitis B vaccine and diagnostic. We developed world-class biologics manufacturing and were among the few biotechnology companies to establish a global commercial infrastructure. Most important, we recruited ­ and retained ­ a cohort of men and women characterized by outstanding intellectual capacity, solid value systems, energy, drive and talent. They are united in our mission of building a world-class biotechnology company and providing significant returns to the people who believe in us ­ our employees, our investors and the physicians and patients we serve. The 25th anniversary is an event to celebrate, not a time to rest on our laurels. Our job of building Biogen into the world's pre-eminent biotechnology company is an ongoing challenge. The advances of the genetic engineering revolution of the 1980s were matched or exceeded by those of the 1990s ­ including genomics, proteomics and nanotechnology. We have to become a more flexible and responsive organization, maintaining our ability to respond quickly to new scientific platforms and a changing commercial environment, even as we rapidly grow our workforce and the complexity of our business.

James L. Vincent Chairman of the Board

