DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased to report that our performance in 2012 yielded positive returns to our shareholders against a challenging and uncertain economic backdrop. Persistent low interest rates, low volatility and tepid capital markets continued to weigh on the global markets, the financial industry and our company. In spite of the environment, we were able to make significant progress transforming our company both operationally and culturally, and are now more nimble, client-focused and results-oriented. We are equipped to contribute to the smooth and orderly functioning of the global markets, a significant responsibility that we embrace. Let me highlight some important measures we use to gauge our performance:  · SHAREHOLDER RETURN: In 2012, our total shareholder return was 32 percent, positioning us at the 75th percentile relative to both the S&P 500 Financials Index and our peer group. This is a vast improvement over our prior-year results. This improvement needs to continue in order to deliver a more consistent return, as we still lag our peers and the Index over a three-year and five-year horizon. BOOK VALUE: The growth in the intrinsic value of our firm is not always immediately reflected in our share price. One of the best measures of whether we are increasing the long-term value of our company is to examine the growth in our book value. As of year-end our book value per share was $30.39 compared to $27.62, a 10 percent improvement over 2011. RETURN ON TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY: This reflects the earnings we achieved on the equity in the business. While we achieved a very healthy return of 19.3 percenti in 2012, it was down from 22.6 percenti in 2011, as earnings were essentially flat and our equity base grew. EARNINGS PER SHARE: We earned the same as in 2011, $2.03 per share, which was 89 percent of budget. Much of the shortfall to budget was attributable to weak markets and the settlement of a number of significant litigation items.



·



·



·

We also continued to receive top rankings for client satisfaction and industry recognition for investment performance, measures that help differentiate our brand and drive organic growth. Among the notable accomplishments in 2012, we:       · · · · ·  Completed$1.1billioninstockbuybacks,upfrom$835millionin2011,andpaidmorethan $600 million in common stock dividends. Increasedyear-over-yearassetsundermanagementby10percent,withnetinflowsof$36billion. Reducedriskinoursecuritiesandloanportfolios,reflectedinpartbya$2.4billionunrealized pre-tax gain and a credit to our provision for credit losses of $80 million. Achievedabove-targetnetsavingsof$309millionunderourOperationalExcellenceinitiatives. ExceededmanyofourbankpeersinattainingaBaselITier1capitalratioof15percentand commonequityratioof13.5percent.Atyearend,ourestimatedBaselIIITier1commonequity  ratio was 9.8 percent.i,ii

A DISTINCTIVE, ATTRACTIVE BUSINESS MODEL
To understand why we are a good investment, one needs to understand what makes our business model distinctive and attractive. We are the investments company for the world. We are completely focused on the investment process ­ managing and servicing global financial assets. No other company can match our singular focus on invest ments in every dimension. Among other things, we are paid recurring fees to manage assets for institutions and individuals through our Investment Management boutiques and Wealth Management offerings, as well as administer, monitor and report on those client assets through our Investment Services capabilities ­ all while taking very little credit risk. It is a role that has enabled us to take on some of the world's most complex issues coming out of the financial crisis, and help solve them.

I

Our businesses generate deposits and earn a return on them, though less than in the past in this low-rate environment. We are relied upon to be a trusted manager and/or advisor and holder of financial assets, a role that is enhanced by our capital strength, stability and narrow risk appetite. What makes our business model attractive? I can give a number of reasons:    · · · Wehaveacomprehensive,end-to-endviewoftheinvestmentprocessandprovidesophisticated solutions to many of the most advanced and complex financial companies and investors globally. Wehavescaleandmarketleadershipinourmajorbusinesses,areflectionofthetalent throughout our company. Webenefitfromtheorganicgrowthinfinancialassets­which,overtime,hasoutpacedper capita GDP growth. The globalization of the financial markets and cross-border flows favor us as well. Those assets all need to be managed and/or serviced. 

 

· ·

Alargepercentageofourrevenue­morethanthemedianrevenueofourpeers­comesfrom  recurring fees, underscoring our relative consistency of earnings. Wehavebeenabletocontinuetoreturnalargeportionofourearningstoourshareholders through dividends and share buybacks, as growing our business does not require growth in risk-weighted assets and the capital to support them. Andwehavesubstantialupsideinamorenormalizedenvironment.Wewillbenefitgreatly from improvements in interest rates, capital markets activity, volatility and debt issuance. We don't need all of these to occur; any one of them will have a positive impact on us. 



·

REVIEWING OUR PERFORMANCE
Our core businesses remain strong. Let me review a few highlights: INVESTMENT SERVICES ­ Assets under custody and/or administration totaled $26.2 trillion at the end of 2012. Many of the key drivers of our Investment Services businesses showed significant improvement over 2011. Average long-term mutual fund assets grew 9 percent, average collateral management balances were up 8 percent and average total Investment Services deposits were up 11 percent. However, partially offsettingthisgrowthwasloweractivityinDepositaryReceiptsandongoingweaknessinthestructured debtmarketimpactingCorporateTrust. WelaunchedanewGlobalCollateralServicesbusinesstohelpbroker-dealersandinstitutionalinvestors manage the collateral they are now required to post against various trading positions and counterparties. This is an important development that demonstrates the power of our investments model. We are both oneofthelargestmanagersofcollateralandoneofthelargestadministrators.Bycombiningourcollat eral management, derivatives, liquidity services and securities financing capabilities, we are distinctively positioned to create an end-to-end solution for clients' growing collateral needs. In asset servicing, we implemented a new client service model designed to align our services against specific client needs or attributes. This will help ensure that we're providing the appropriate solutions to meet those needs and start us on the path to improving the core profitability of this business. INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT ­ Our Investment Management business remained committed to delivering strong investment performance and outstanding wealth management capabilities for our clients. Our assetsundermanagement(AUM)wereup10percentyearoveryeartoarecordlevelof$1.4trillion, reflecting 13 consecutive quarters of positive net long-term flows. Wealth Management average loans anddepositsfor2012grew14percentand16percent,respectively. We continued to invest in building our investment and distribution capabilities, with a particular focus on the Asia Pacific region. Our distinctive investment capabilities, such as our liability-driven investment strategies, were in strong demand with our clients. Wealth Management also had another extremely successful year, attaining record levels across multiple dimensions, including assets under management, revenues, deposits and client satisfaction scores.

II

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
We are focused on a clear set of strategic priorities that support our goals of powering global investments to help our clients succeed and delivering consistent earnings-per-share growth. They include:     · · · · creatingorganicgrowth; sharpeningclientfocusandstrengtheningbrandloyalty; drivingexcellencethroughoutourorganization;and deployingcapitalandmanagingriskwisely.

Let me highlight our progress in these areas.

Creating Organic Growth
We are not standing still waiting for the markets to improve. We have a relentless focus on creating organic growth, reflecting our history of leadership in anticipating and adapting to change, capitalizing on the good ideas generated by our global staff in support of our clients. We have continuously expanded and innovated to address future market needs ­ whether by pioneering the first tri-party repo trade in collabo ration with a large client, introducing the first worldwide U.S. dollar money market fund or launching the first mobile investment services applications. EXPANDING OUR CAPABILITIES ­ Key areas of focus include accelerating our Asset Management growth strategies, particularly in Asia and for retail distribution; capturing opportunities through our Global CollateralServicesbusiness;leveragingourPershingplatformanddistributioncapabilities;andbuilding out our Global Markets business to capture more order flow. Our clients' needs are complex and single-product solutions are insufficient. Our focus, therefore, is on tapping into our broad range of products to deliver innovative, value-added client solutions. We have formed a Strategic Growth Initiatives team to identify future growth opportunities, and we've taken steps to embed in our company a culture of collaboration and innovation. Together, these efforts will help drive our long-term growth, so they are wise investments in our future. BUILDING A GLOBAL PRESENCE ­ We are making progress in expanding globally. Our purchase of the remaining50percentofourWestLBMellonAssetManagementjointventurein2012­whichwerenamed Meriten Investment Management ­ has increased our exposure to Germany, where we have also become the No. 1 custody provider, evidencing our success in this important market. We recently received approval tolaunchanewissuercentralsecuritiesdepositorybasedinBelgium,whichwillenhanceourofferingfor InvestmentServicesandCollateralManagementforclientsinEurope.Wewereawardedabankinglicense inBrazil,allowingustoexpandourlocalinvestmentservicescapabilities.Wealsoopenedanewglobal deliverycenterinWroclaw,Poland,tosupportourfundaccountingpracticeinEurope. INVESTED IN OUR CLIENTS ­ SHARPENING CLIENT FOCUS AND STRENGTHENING BRAND LOYALTY The enhanced client management model we introduced over the past two years, which better aligns our resources with client needs, is already achieving success. After one year of experience, we were able to offer more solution sets, helping us achieve a measurable increase in business with some of our largest clients. We continue to expand the model to include additional complex global clients and to realign our front end to create full-service teams focused on specific clients, market segments and regions. Our cli ents appreciate and value this approach, and it will yield increasingly positive results for us in the future. Clientloyaltyisfundamentaltoanysuccessfulbusiness,andevenmoresoforus,asloyalclientstend to award us new and higher-value mandates and serve as terrific references. This year, we are focused on expanding our programs to measure and strengthen client loyalty, adopting consistent measurement practices across the company that will help us identify opportunities for continuously improving the client experience.

III

Driving Excellence Throughout Our Organization
Excellenceisessentialtobuildingclientloyaltyandshareholdervalue.Inlastyear'sletter,Ioutlinedfor you the operational excellence initiatives we were undertaking to deliver the highest service quality, reduce operational risk, increase margins and allow us to move new capabilities to market more quickly. We are making excellent progress, and are on track to realize roughly $650 million to $700 million in ex pense savings by 2015 while we improve risk management, productivity and quality across the company. Within Investment Services, we are simplifying our operating/service delivery platforms. Our asset servic ing business is a prime area of opportunity. More than a year ago we launched a program to transform this business to improve our margins and profitability while strengthening the client experience. We are in the process of reengineering our organizational structure and processes to gain productivity and increase service levels. We also have made progress in more fully leveraging our global delivery centers in locations with improved cost dynamics and access to a deep talent pool. In 2012 we once again received top rank ings in the key global custody surveys, testament to our success in maintaining our focus on quality of service throughout the transformation.

Deploying Capital and Managing Risk Wisely
Our fee-based business model allows us to generate a significant level of capital rapidly. During 2012 we generated $2.7 billion in tangible capital. The combination of our rapid capital generation and quality balance sheet has enabled us to strengthen our key capital ratios and return capital to our shareholders. Acquisitions remain a low priority, as we see better opportunities for organic growth. We expect to use ourcapitaltoinvestinourbusinesses,strengthenourbalancesheetand,subjecttoregulatoryapproval, return capital to our shareholders. Riskispartofeveryaspectofourbusiness.Wearecommittedtosupportingacultureinwhicheach employeefeelsastrongsenseofpersonalresponsibilityformanagingrisk.Eachisexpectedtoknowthe risk appetite for their business, anticipate risk and escalate issues quickly. This is fundamental to our reputation and performance.

INVESTED IN THE FINANCIAL MARKETS
The work we do matters. We play a vital role in the global financial markets, enabling the market to efficiently allocate capital by providing an infrastructure that facilitates the movement of cash and securities through the markets. Our purpose is to power global investments to help our clients succeed. As a global systemically important financial institution, we understand the critical function we perform for the marketplace, and embrace our leadership responsibility in terms of capital strength, liquidity, risk management and integrity. Our work with regulators and clients to reduce significantly the risks associated with the secured intraday credit we provide in the tri-party market is a powerful example of our role in setting standards for the industry in reforming critical elements of the capital markets infrastructure. We also must be incredibly reliable and resilient, no matter the circumstances. Superstorm Sandy tested our resilience, impacting a number of key operations centers and thousands of employees, yet we provided continuity of service throughout. Many clients told us, "Thank you. You were really there for us." We invested in business continuity planning, and it was money well spent.

INVESTED IN OUR WORLD
We take great pride in what we do, but also acknowledge the great responsibility we bear. We are respon sible for delivering for our clients, who entrust us with their business and most valuable assets. We are responsible for empowering our employees, who deliver for our clients every day in ways that are truly amazing. We are accountable for creating a work environment that allows our employees to make contributions to our success and to build fulfilling careers. We are also obliged to honor our heritage, those before us who founded and built our firm and recognized our company's responsibility to support our communities. It is a tradition we uphold to this day as an employer, taxpayer and supporter of agencies, programs, our communities and people less fortunate than ourselves.

IV

During 2012, we saw the benefits of our investments in building and supporting a strong culture, as employment engagement scores increased and more employees created development plans to advance their skills and prepare them for the next stages of their careers and to deliver greater value to our clients. We recognize that more diverse and inclusive organizations are better at innovating, driving revenue growth and performing for shareholders. We are pleased to report that more than half our most senior appointments at the company this past year involved women and candidates with diverse backgrounds and characteristics. Wecontinuedourtraditionofinvestinginourcommunity,making$34millionincompanyandemployee contributions, while sharpening our focus on areas where we have the greatest impact. Following Superstorm Sandy our company and our employees invested in direct disaster relief, and many of our people participated in volunteer efforts in the long weeks that followed. Our emphasis on vulnerable youth, such as youth aging out of foster care in the U.S. and older girls in orphanages in India, is producing significant improvements in the lives of these individuals.

LOOKING FORWARD
We are a stronger company than we were a year ago. We have continued to grow core investment management and many of our investment services fees, reflecting the strength of our business model. We are investing in our future and have funded numerous initiatives that should yield positive results for our businesses. We also implemented a series of organizational and leadership changes effective January 1, 2013, to drive the execution of our priorities and increase the depth of our leadership team. Karen Peetz became President and is focusing on the first pillar of our company, our clients and employees. She is oversee ing client management, the regions, innovation, employee training and development and some of our key growthinitiatives.ThesecondpillarisInvestmentServices,andTimKeaneyandBrianSheaarenowCEO and President, respectively, of all these businesses, bringing together all our capabilities under one lead ershipteamtoimprovecollaborationandenhanceourabilitytoofferintegratedsolutions.Brianisalso headofClientServiceDeliveryandClientTechnologySolutions,areasthatgreatlyinfluenceoursuccess. ThethirdpillarofourfirmisInvestmentManagement,whichCurtisArledgecontinuestoleadasCEO. It, too, is an area with great upside as our investment performance and capabilities are increasingly recognized throughout the world. These leadership changes already have energized the company in ways that will accelerate growth opportunities and drive higher levels of productivity, quality and performance. EarlythisyearwelaunchedournewBNYMellonbrand,centeredonpoweringglobalinvestmentstohelp ourclientssucceed.Byfocusingoncreatingaconsistentclientexperienceandabetterunderstandingin the marketplace of the scope of our capabilities, we can be more successful. Stronger brands tend to gen erate stronger shareholder returns. You will hear more about our efforts in this area over the coming year. We have nearly 50,000 employees in markets throughout the world who put investors at the center of everythingwedo.Theyareanoutstandingteam,andIthankthemandmyExecutiveCommitteepartners for their extraordinary level of energy and commitment. I also would like to thank our board of directors for their support and wise counsel. They appropriately challenge us every day to be a better company, and I am deeply appreciative of their contributions. They share my conviction that we have a powerful business model, the right strategy and an exceptional team to help our clients succeed and deliver consistent earnings per share growth and attractive returns to you, our shareholders.

Gerald L. Hassell ChairmanandChiefExecutiveOfficer
iForareconciliationandexplanationofthesenon-GAAPmeasures,seepages106-110ofour2012AnnualReport. iiTheestimatedBaselIIITier1commonequityratioisbasedontheNoticesofProposedRulemaking(NPRs)and finalmarketriskruleinitiallyreleasedonJune7,2012,andpublishedintheFederalRegisteronAug.30,2012.

V

