TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

The last few years have been an extraordinary period for the financial services industry, beginning with the financial crisis of 2008. A rebuilding phase began in 2009, as financial institutions began repairing their balance sheets, writing down bad loans and securities, raising new capital and refocusing on the future. That work continued in 2010. However, unlike many financial institutions, in 2009 BNY Mellon worked to put our asset quality issues behind us through decisive actions to materially de-risk our balance sheet. This enabled us to begin the year with a stronger balance sheet, allowing us to focus on growing revenue, investing for the future and delivering improved performance. Investing for organic growth remains critical to our success. In the high-growth economies of the Asia Pacific region, we were particularly active in 2010, having: · launched an asset management joint venture in Shanghai, BNY Mellon Western Fund Management Company, which will offer local investment products for Chinese retail investors and international investors globally; · received banking licenses in Beijing and Shanghai; and · expanded our asset management distribution licensing in Korea. We were also able to capitalize on the fact that some major financial institutions wanted to raise capital, which led to two significant and attractive asset servicing acquisitions: · We acquired Global Investment Servicing (GIS), a leading provider of custody, fund accounting, transfer agency and outsourcing solutions to fund managers globally. The GIS acquisition established BNY Mellon as the No. 2 provider of fund accounting, administration and transfer agency services to fund managers globally and added a more global mix of alternative investor service clients. GIS has 4,500 employees with operations in the U.S., Ireland and Poland. · We also acquired BHF Asset Servicing GmbH, which catapulted us from the No. 14 provider by asset size in Germany, the largest national economy in Europe, to No. 2, expanding our domestic capabilities there tremendously. Together, these acquisitions strengthened our ability to serve financial institutions by broadening our product mix, global presence and scale. Together, these transactions were immediately accretive to earnings, are meeting our expectations and should create excellent value for our shareholders over time. In addition, our Wealth Management business, which is the eighth largest wealth manager in the U.S., acquired its third office outside the U.S. with I(3) in Toronto, giving us entry into Canada's high-net-worth market. In order to maintain our strong capital ratios and fund the $2.6 billion cost of the above acquisitions, we raised $677 million in common equity.

MEASURING OUR PERFORMANCE
It is helpful for shareholders to understand how we gauge our financial performance over time. We use a number of external and internal measures. External measures: · Total shareholder return: 9.4 percent in 2010, outperforming our trust bank peers and placing us in the second quartile of our broader 12-member peer group · Debt rating: Remains among the strongest in the U.S., with a Moody's rating of Aa21 and an S&P rating of AA-1, a source of pride · Debt spreads versus U.S. banks (five years): Remains among the best in our industry Internal measures: · Revenue growth: Fee revenue grew nicely, up 6 percent over 2009, compared to no growth for the median of our 12-member peer group.

· Return on tangible equity: 26.3 percent2 for the full year 2010 · Book value per share: At year-end 2010, $26.06, up 9 percent over 2009 We were also ranked for the second consecutive year as the safest bank in the U.S. by Global Finance magazine.

OUR STRATEGY
Our business model is simple. We gather clients' financial assets around the world and are paid recurring fees to invest, administer and monitor them. To do this, we are only in two businesses: asset management (25 percent of revenue3) and securities servicing (75 percent of revenue3). Our clients are the world's leading financial institutions, corporations, governments and high-net-worth individuals. We provide them with the highest level of client service and satisfaction, and that's reflected in the top rankings we receive in key client surveys. This helps us attract and retain business. Our business model provides strong opportunities for growth. As financial assets grow and globalize, we benefit. We are also increasing our exposure to faster-growing emerging markets. We are focused primarily on organic growth, as it creates the greatest value for our shareholders. We sometimes supplement that growth with acquisitions of key products and distribution capabilities if they meet our strict financial hurdles, as we did in 2010. We also have opportunities to operate more efficiently by improving where and how work is done and consolidating our systems. Let me discuss how our business model performed, as well as our outlook: · Asset and wealth management ­ In 2010, we grew Asset and Wealth Management fees 7 percent to $2.9 billion and grew assets under management to a record level of more than $1.1 trillion. Our growth was the cumulative effect of record net long-term flows, focused acquisitions, improving equity markets and stronger investment performance versus benchmarks. The business continued to benefit from the acquisition of Insight Investment Management Limited, which we acquired in late 2009 and continues to nicely exceed our expectations. During the year, we combined Asset Management and Wealth Management under one CEO, which we expect will provide good revenue and expense synergies over time. Going forward, our asset and wealth management businesses will benefit from higher savings rates, continued equity market improvement, ongoing international expansion and, eventually, rising short-term interest rates. · Securities servicing ­ Fees from Asset Servicing, which is our largest component of securities servicing, grew 27 percent in 2010, benefiting from the GIS and BHF acquisitions, organic growth and market lift. Assets under custody and administration grew by 12 percent from the prior year to a record level of $25 trillion, reflecting the positive impact of $1.5 trillion in new business wins as well as the impact of the acquisitions. Average deposits for securities servicing were $126 billion, up 5 percent versus 2009. The level of net interest revenue we earn from investing the balances that our clients keep with us continues to be negatively impacted by persistently low short-term interest rates. As the markets continue to strengthen, our securities servicing businesses will benefit from market share gains, greater cross-border financial flows, global mergers and acquisitions activity and, eventually, rising short-term interest rates. Two of our businesses face some growth challenges. Corporate Trust is expected to have muted growth until the bond underwriting and securitization markets recover. The domestic cash management side of our Treasury Services business is a low- growth business, but it helps support our other businesses. We are focused on making it more efficient.

OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM
During 2010, we made significant leadership changes to prepare the company to meet its growth goals and to strengthen our management team. We restructured to address the changed business environment and provide significant new or expanded opportunities for a number of our key leaders. We hired Curtis Arledge as our new Asset and Wealth Management CEO and Jane Sherburne as our new General Counsel, joining an already strong management team.

REGULATORY REFORM
During 2010, there were two significant regulatory developments: · The first was the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, which includes a number of important provisions, including the creation of a resolution authority for non-bank entities (preventing another Lehman-type situation) and the formation of a systemic risk council to improve oversight of the financial system. We welcome these urgently needed reforms, having led calls for meaningful reform and engaged with key legislators and regulators to ensure the legislation addressed these issues. I am pleased to note that the changes are not expected to impact our revenue base, since our primary businesses are asset management and securities servicing. However, Dodd-Frank does add new expenses to all financial institutions. · Also during 2010, the Basel Committee agreed on new global regulatory standards for bank capital adequacy and liquidity, known as Basel III, intended to promote a safer and more resilient financial system. Basel III set a minimum common equity level of 7 percent for all banks globally, effective in 2019. We expect to exceed this level by the end of 2011.

OUR USE OF CAPITAL
It's important to note that our business model generated approximately $3 billion2 worth of capital in 2010, which helped keep our balance sheet strong and provides us with great flexibility. In 2011, pending regulatory approval, our first capital priority is to return capital to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks, which I know you would welcome.

ACTING RESPONSIBLY
I urge U.S. legislators to turn their attention to other key matters that threaten our nation's prosperity and status as the world's largest economy: · We must get our own federal fiscal deficit under control and begin delivering on a credible plan to balance our books. Waiting is irresponsible -- it only makes the risks higher and solutions more painful. While the recommendations of the National Commission on Fiscal Policy and Reform were not perfect, most agree they provide an excellent start. · The debate has now begun on the future of our mortgage system. It was a core reason for the economic downturn, with tragic results for homeowners and taxpayers. We must set national standards for qualifying for a mortgage. We should encourage banks to carry the loans on their balance sheets, as well as sell them through securitizations, where they maintain some level of risk or "skin in the game." This will diversify the investor base from the 100 percent governmentguaranteed securitization market that we have today. Without fundamental change, the U.S. will experience yet another housing crisis in the future. · We need to ensure that U.S. corporate tax rates are competitive globally to make it attractive for companies to add jobs here. The U.S. has the highest effective rate of the 36 countries we operate in around the world. By addressing this, we could substantially improve job creation and help make U.S. companies more competitive in a global economy. · Finally, we need to improve the quality of our education system so that we're preparing workers for 21st century jobs. The U.S. is now ranked 35th in math and 25th in science worldwide. This is one area where government policy, corporate citizenship and individual efforts can make a difference. We can address each of these issues, but it's going to take hard work and leadership.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Our commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility is reflected in our leadership in governance, environmental sustainability, employee engagement and other areas. Our community support is one area we have continued to strengthen. Our Community Partnership program empowers employees to volunteer and give to the organizations they care about most. Employee contributions through this program have increased 50 percent since the merger. Between employee giving and company matching, we contributed $14 million and thousands of volunteer hours in 2010. We also donated an additional $21 million in grants and charitable sponsorships, with much of it focusing on basic needs and workforce development.

For example, we launched an initiative to provide education, job training and career development to at-risk teens transitioning into adulthood. The initiative is bold and transformative and has already inspired other companies to join the effort.

LOOKING FORWARD
Entering 2011, there is cause for cautious optimism. The global economy continues to slowly recover, and our company started the year with good growth in our core businesses and improving pipelines and new business results. In executing our strategy in the current environment, we have five key areas of focus: · Expand our footprint, product capabilities and brand in key centers internationally. · Deepen relationships with our major clients, delivering the resources of our entire company to them. · Strengthen and streamline our operations, technology platforms and infrastructure. To maintain quality while providing better economics to our shareholders, we have been consolidating positions into our global growth centers, which have lower costs and provide greater career opportunities for our people. When we began this initiative in the third quarter of 2008, 25 percent of our staff was in our growth centers. Since then, employment in these locations has increased to 30 percent, toward a goal of 35 percent in 2015. We're also continuing to invest approximately $100 million per year in re-engineering activities to bring down the cost of delivering our services, retiring systems and improving procurement to maximize our purchasing power. · Maintain one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. In October, our Board of Directors approved our Risk Appetite Statement, which defines the type and level of risk our company is able and willing to assume in our credit exposures and business activities. It will guide our actions, helping us deliver more consistent returns to our shareholders. Our clients have clearly told us they want to partner with strong financial institutions, and we believe this is in the best interests of our shareholders, too. · Finally, dealing with the litigation resulting from the financial crisis. Having navigated the crisis and largely cleaned up its balance sheets, the industry is now in what I would label the last phase, which is dealing with litigation by plaintiffs seeking to recover losses. We will navigate through this, too. Underpinning these efforts is a culture centered on delivering great client service, upholding the highest ethical standards, and engaging and supporting a diverse and inclusive global workforce. We will work hard to achieve strong financials, increase our competitive advantage, expand in new locations, provide more services and solutions to our clients, and continue to develop our management team and employees globally. In closing, I must thank our nearly 50,000 employees around the globe for their client focus and commitment to outperformance, and our Board for its wise counsel and support. I thank Dr. Robert Mehrabian, who has announced his retirement from our Board. He has been a director of BNY Mellon since the merger and, before that, was a member of the Mellon Financial board since 1994. He's been an invaluable counselor to me and our leadership team. I also recognize the contributions of Steven G. Elliott, a colleague and friend who retired as Senior Vice Chairman after 23 years with the company, including seven on the boards of Mellon Financial and BNY Mellon. Most important of all, I thank our shareholders for your confidence in our company. Your company is even better positioned today to capitalize on improving markets and deliver the results you expect. Yours sincerely,

Robert P. Kelly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Senior debt ratings at the holding company level
 For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP number, see page 69 of our Annual Report.
 3 Excludes the Other segment. Asset management includes wealth management.

1 2

