Letter to Shareholders

For more than two centuries, The Bank of New York has helped clients unlock the full potential of their assets and their operations. In 2004, that tradition endured and your Company prospered. In recent years, our goal has been to broaden our focus and build a global financial institution able to deliver superior results in a variety of economic climates. 2004 was a year in which the equity market conditions were exceptionally uneven and marked by uncertainty. Even so, we reported a 22% increase in earnings per share. In most of the other key measurements of business performance, our results were similarly strong.

04 THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.

Last year, we took a number of steps to strengthen and add to our capabilities, and prepare for future growth. We introduced new products and services, developed a comprehensive branding strategy, and invested in innovative programs to enhance productivity, client service and business continuity. These initiatives, which con tributed to the expansion of our business, are described in the pages that follow. With that as background, let's look at our results. Higher Earnings In both absolute and relative terms, our business model performed well in 2004. For the full year 2004, net income was $1.440 billion or $1.85 per diluted share compared to $1.157 billion or $1.52 per share in 2003, an increase of 22%. Securities servicing fees rose 19% to $2.858 billion. That growth reflects the addition of Pershing, and good organic growth in key business lines. Fees from investment management and private client services rose 17% to $448 million, primarily due to exceptional growth in our hedge fund-of-funds products. Foreign exchange and other trading revenues grew 11% to $364 million, reflecting higher levels of client activity and an increase in market volatility. We continue to deliver strong returns to our shareholders. Over the last ten years our dividend has grown at a compounded annual rate of over 11.1%. Last year, we paid a dividend of $0.79, representing an average yield of nearly 2.5% for 2004.

We help our clients move and manage financial assets in more than 100 markets worldwide.
Global Leadership Our mission is to help our clients move and manage financial assets in more than 100 markets worldwide. In support of that mission, we are global leaders in all our key service lines, building client relationships that are strong, lasting and mutually beneficial. We view our business as four core competencies ­ securities servicing, treasury management, investment management, and individual and regional banking services. In these business areas, we offer our clients and customers a broad array of sophisticated products and services.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC. 05

Alan R. Griffith Vice Chairman Thomas A. Renyi Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gerald L. Hassell President

Expanding Our Business Our ability to constantly create new products and enter new markets continues to fuel our growth. In 2004 we again made major strides in expanding and strengthening our capabilities through significant technology investments and a series of tactical acquisi tions. Highlights of these accomplishments are included in the pages that immediately follow this letter. In terms of global expansion, our goal is twofold: first, to support our clients wherever they invest or conduct business, and second, to position our Company to capitalize on growth markets worldwide. Toward these objectives, we opened a new representative office in Beijing to complement our branch in Shanghai, exported our proven capabilities to new markets around the world and developed a number of new strategic alliances

to increase our market penetration in Europe and Asia. In the U.S., we added new corporate trust offices in Boston, Cincinnati, Detroit and Indianapolis to better serve clients in New England and the Midwest.

Our goal is twofold: first, to support our clients wherever they invest or conduct business, and second, to position our Company to capitalize on growth markets worldwide.
Capping off a three-year-long program to fortify our business continuity planning, we opened a state-of-the-art backup data center in central New Jersey and began construction on a remote data center in the southern U.S., scheduled for completion this year. Our level of business continuity preparedness is setting a new standard for the financial markets.

06 THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC.

Strengthening Our Brand As you see throughout this report, we have a new visual identity. This is just one component of a global branding initiative that includes an extensive program of outreach to clients and prospects. It will be supported by a new advertising campaign, a redesigned website and the development and distribution of new marketing materials. Let me explain what prompted this change. Over the years, our Company has gone through an extraordinary transformation. It became increasingly clear to us that the market has not fully recognized this change and lacks a full appreciation of our powerful ability to help clients navigate the global marketplace. Our challenge is to make our increasingly complex Company easier to understand, market ourselves in a way that is consistent and compelling, and ensure our distinctive strengths are well recognized and fully appreciated. Our branding initiative is addressing these challenges and helping us achieve greater success in our marketing and cross-selling activities. Our brand is not only built by what we say. Its true power emerges through what we do. That is why we continue to make new investments in CLIENTfirst, our team-based quality assurance program. In 2004 we expanded CLIENTfirst to include 24 teams working around the globe to enhance the quality of service through process enhancement and staff training and development. We also advanced a Six Sigma

quality initiative to streamline activities and strengthen productivity. 2005 Outlook Entering 2005, we expect equity capital market conditions will continue to gradually improve over the year. The fixed-income markets should be stable, and market volatility moderate. These conditions should allow our operating businesses to post solid growth. All financial services providers will continue to be subject to a high level of regulatory scrutiny. While this will result in increased costs in the short term, it will ultimately be good for the markets and beneficial to our business. This enhanced scrutiny will strengthen investor confidence, which will in turn strengthen market activity, and it will highlight the extraordinary integrity we bring to all we do. Our strong performance reflects the strategic counsel, industry insight and sound gover nance provided by our Board of Directors. On behalf of our Board of Directors and senior management, I would like to express appreciation to our staff for their exceptional contributions over the past year and our gratitude to you, our shareholders, for your investment in our Company.

Thomas A. Renyi Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMPANY, INC. 07

