To Our Shareholders
2008 was an extraordinarily challenging and difficult year for your company and its clients, as we weathered the financial crisis and the global economic slowdown. Although we did outperform the S&P Financials, which were down 55 percent, our total shareholder return was a negative 40 percent. As strategically well positioned and resilient as we are, it was not possible to be immune from this storm. Our results were disappointing, principally reflecting write-downs on investment securities on our balance sheet, mainly related to residential mortgages, as well as customer support agreements in the aftermath of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy. There were positives underlying this performance during 2008, which we believe will allow us to continue to outperform our peers over time. In 2008, we: · Grew operating revenue by 9 percent* · Controlled expenses by keeping operating expenses essentially flat with the prior year* · Generated profits in all four quarters totaling $1.4 billion after taxes · Achieved top ranking in client satisfaction in our global custody business · Grew market share across our businesses · Continued to exceed our merger milestones and raised our targets for expense and revenue synergies · Maintained extraordinary liquidity, with more than $100 billion in cash and short-term investments · Obtained an upgrade by one of the major debt rating agencies, and have the highest rating among U.S. financial institutions by Moody's and the second highest rating by Standard & Poor's · Increased our Tier 1 capital ratio to 13.3 percent, higher than most of our banking peers · Accepted a $3 billion investment from the U.S. government in exchange for preferred stock and warrants and an agreement to pay the government $150 million a year in dividends until the investment is repaid. We've used the funds to purchase mortgage-backed securities and debentures issued by U.S government-sponsored agencies as well as debt securities of other healthy financial institutions, and for interbank lending Throughout 2008, we were actively engaged with regulators, government officials and clients in an effort to stem the turmoil in the global markets. We were awarded many mandates related to stabilization efforts by various governmental agencies globally. We are especially proud of our selection by the U.S. Treasury as financial agent in support of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, which recognizes our leadership in securities servicing and the critical market infrastructure we provide. Our status as a critical part of the world's financial infrastructure is more visible than ever.

Our Financial Strength
When evaluating financial companies in the current environment, three critical measures apply: earnings potential, liquidity and capital adequacy. Here's how The Bank of New York Mellon stacks up against them: · Earnings potential ­ Our earnings power is based on our focus on global opportunities in asset management and securities servicing, which in 2008 benefited from high levels of volume and volatility in the markets offset by lower market values. While the economic slowdown is slowing our growth rate, our business model clearly works. Also, we are not directly involved in consumer banking or mortgage lending, segments that are under material stress in this current environment. · Liquidity ­ We enjoy exceptional liquidity in an illiquid market. Our company is funded by client deposits from multiple business segments. Deposits increased by 35 percent year over year, an indication of the strength of our reputation and our company. · Capital adequacy ­ We have a resilient capital base and meet all the requirements of a "well-capitalized bank." From a regulator's point of view, Tier 1 capital is the most important measure of our financial strength. At December 31, we had a Tier 1 capital ratio of 13.3 percent. Unlike our peers, we disclosed the results of stress testing we routinely perform to gauge the adequacy of our capital base. These results demonstrate our ability to withstand increasing levels of impairment and valuation declines related to our investment securities portfolio. While we're not insulated from the impact of the current environment, we are properly positioned for the challenging year ahead.

*Comparisons to 2007 are on a proforma combined basis, including the merger with Mellon Financial.

Earnings
For 2008 we reported net income applicable to common stock of $1.4 billion, a decline of 32 percent. Our performance in 2008 was negatively impacted by $1.6 billion (pre-tax) in securities write-downs, principally reflecting enormous liquidity discounts for mortgagebacked securities as well as some deterioration. As our company has the ability and intent to hold these securities for the long term, the actual expected incurred loss is much less, at approximately $535 million. Based on what we know today, we believe we'll have the opportunity to earn back a substantial portion of these write-downs over the remaining lives of the securities. In the past, we stretched for additional yield in our securities portfolios by purchasing AAA-rated, non-agency mortgage-backed securities to enhance net interest revenue and earnings. However, our shareholders pay us for growth in fee revenue, which was 78 percent of our revenue in 2008. Consequently, going forward, we will minimize credit risk in net interest revenue flows. In addition, during 2008 we incurred pre-tax charges of $894 million related to our decision to provide support to clients invested in money market mutual funds, cash sweep funds and similar collective funds principally impacted by the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy. It was the right thing to do for our clients and helped contribute to stability in the overall market. We entered into support agreements that were designed to enable these funds to continue to operate at a stable share price of $1. We do not expect to enter into any material support agreements in the future.

·

· ·

·

Facing a weaker revenue environment, we are carefully managing our expenses. Entering 2009 we took the step of reducing our global workforce of 43,000 by approximately 4 percent, or 1,800 positions. We continue to focus intently on managing risk and maintaining strong internal controls. We will substantially finish our merger integration, which was nearly three-quarters complete at year end 2008. We will continue to ensure it's done right and completed by year end 2009, and without negatively impacting client service. We are being very conservative with our capital.

Recessions always end, and usually sooner than expected. We are confident in our ability to outperform over the long term, thanks in no small measure to the exceptional people of this company. They have continued to outperform and uphold our clients' trust, and I sincerely thank them for that. We offer our gratitude and best wishes to Thomas A. Renyi, who retired as Executive Chairman after nearly four decades with the company. During his 10 years as Chief Executive Officer of The Bank of New York, he successfully directed the company's transformation from a traditional commercial bank to a global leader in securities servicing, setting the stage for the historic merger with Mellon. We thank Tom for his many contributions and exceptional leadership. We also offer our appreciation to our directors for their wisdom, support and guidance. We recognize the contributions of Frank J. Biondi, Jr., whose 13 years of service as a director of our company and The Bank of New York Company, Inc., ended last year. Finally, we thank you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence in our great company. Yours sincerely,

2009 Business Priorities
We expect to continue to be in a challenging environment throughout the year and have planned accordingly. We are well positioned relative to other financial companies and we are guided by a clear set of priorities: · We need to continue to deliver the world's greatest client service, which is at the core of our reputation and has protected our revenue base.

Robert P. Kelly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2

The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

