2002 was a difficult and challenging year, as two distinct but related issues had an impact on us.
A weakening global economy, further hampered by geopolitical concerns, was reflected in soft capital
markets, diminished capital flows and a significant decline in investment activity, the key determi-
nant of our financial performance. At the same time, economic issues in the U.S. had a severe impact
on certain high-profile segments of our credit portfolio
The net effect of these inter-
related issues was essen-
tially flat revenue growth
in our core bu
sinesses and
a sharp reduction in earn-
ings from last year, the lat-
ter a consequence of signif-icant charges to address weakness in elements of the credit portfolio.
Financial Results - 2002
Nevertheless, your Company generated close to
$1 billion of earnings
, augmenting an already strong capi-
tal base, while also maintaining significant capital invest-
ment in our technology base and our people, and enhanc-
ing the resiliency of our systems and operations. All of this
was accomplished after providing for current and potential
credit costs in our credit portfolio. More specifically, we
recorded net income of $902 million, or $1.24 per fully
diluted share. Return on average assets was 1.13% and
return on average common equity was 13.96%.
Despite the soft global capital markets environment,
our securities servicing and global payment fees rose 6% to
$2,188 million, and we maintained custody asset levels
despite falling equity values, reflecting good growth in new
business. Our fixed income-linked businesses, such as cor-
porate trust and broker-dealer services, were strong contrib-
utors to our revenues. These areas of strength offset the
weaknesses in our equity-linked businesses such as Ameri-can depositary receipts (ADRs) and global cus-
tody. Our private client and asset management
business fees rose 10% to $344 million, driven
by acquisitions and growth in our hedge fund of
fund business, offsetting the weakness in rev-
enues due to significant lowering of asset price
levels.
Our performance also reflects a $685 mil-
lion pre-tax loan loss provision and $210 million
in pre-tax charges relating to the sharp decline in
value and subsequent liquidation of our bank
equity investment portfolios.
Strengthening Our Franchise
We have taken aggressive steps to reduce our corpo-
rate credit exposure.
These efforts will continue and,
where possible, accelerate. Simultaneously, we are working
to lower individual exposures to clients while narrowing our
focus of credit extension to markets that heavily utilize our
non-credit services.
Some of our continuing challenges remain outside our
control, namely, the geopolitical environment, the current
attitude toward capital investment and the level of invest-
ment activity in general.
We have taken care of what is
within our control: the building and strengthening of
our business model.
During the course of 2002, we expanded our services to
address evolving markets and built upon our leadership
position in key segments. At the same time, we enhanced our operational and technological resiliency, formalized our
service quality program and fostered an environment in
which employees are empowered to succeed. And at the end
of 2002, we entered into negotiations for our acquisition
of the
Pershing
correspondent clearing and outsourcing
business, which was announced on January 8, 2003.
Specialization Strategy
Our business model is built to sustain revenue growth
and increase profitability, capitalizing on long-term invest-
ment activity and globalization of the capital markets.
Our goal is to be
the premier provider of services in
support of investment activity globally
. We are true spe-
cialists, well regarded and valued for our tradition of quality
service, our sophisticated and comprehensive offerings and
our ability to leverage technology to create client benefit.
In support of this ambition, we continue to focus on
assembling a full array of services for both institutions and
individuals around the world. By maintaining strength of
capital and balance sheet, we can sustain investment in peo-
ple and technology. And we can take advantage of opportu-
nities to continue the build-out of our global franchise
through select acquisitions, even in the face of difficult eco-
nomic times, as demonstrated by our agreement to purchase
Pershing.
A Year of Achievement
In January of 2002, we outlined four key strategic
initiatives.
Despite the environment of a challenging year,
we accomplished all of them
.
As planned, we expanded our securities servicing busi-
ness in continental Europe; our custody alliance with ING
was a major step forward in this regard. Second, we
advanced the buildup of our execution and clearing busi-
ness, resulting in the formation of BNY Securities Group,
through which we are positioned to take full advantage of
cross-sell opportunities. Third, we achieved our targeted $7 billion reduction in corporate credit exposure, thereby
freeing up economic capital for reallocation to higher
growth opportunities. Finally, we redeployed capital from
equity investing, a non-core activity. Although market con-
ditions resulted in a negative valuation adjustment in the
third quarter, we accelerated the liquidation of our bank
stock portfolio to remove any further earnings volatility
from this activity.
As important to us as the four initiatives were,
we accomplished even more
. We continued to direct our
energies and capital toward the rapid expansion and ongo-
ing
enhancement of our high-growth, fee-based prod-
ucts and services
. Toward this goal, we executed strategic
acquisitions aimed at adding new clients and capabilities
without sacrificing fiscal discipline. To better serve our
clients, we introduced new products, reinforced our service
culture and further developed our technology platforms.
We announced
12 acquisitions
in 2002. We expanded
the services offered by BNY Securities Group through the
acquisitions of Autranet and Jaywalk. We grew our asset
management business by acquiring Gannett Welsh &
Kotler, Inc., and Beacon Fiduciary Advisors. And we
acquired LFG, Inc., the privately held parent company of
the Lockwood Financial family of companies. Through these and other acquisitions, we extended our global reach,
expanded our product breadth and added clients, many of
which stand to benefit from our other fee-based services.
Our consistent and timely introduction of innova-
tive products
, as highlighted throughout this report,
strengthened client relationships, helped us win new busi-
ness and solidified our reputation as the world
’
s premier
provider of securities services.
On the service front, we launched
our
quality assur
ance
program,
CLIENTfirst
, a bank-wide initia-
tive intended to solidify and nurture a
corporate culture centered on consis-
tently
meeting the
needs and
expectations of our
clients
. This
program
has already delivered impres-
sive results.
As a
technology-intensive enter-
prise
, we sustained development of
our global technology platform to
deliver
client-friendly services
and
achieve the benefits of scale. Our extra-
ordinary commitment to technology enables us to address
client needs globally, develop new products quickly and
deliver productivity benefits to our customers.
We are fully restored from the events of September
11, 2001
, having reopened our 101 Barclay Street Technol-
ogy and Operations Center in July. All of us have come
away from the devastating events of 9/11 and subsequent
rebuilding efforts with recognition of the resiliency of our
organization. A good portion of our technology investment
is allocated to maintain and enhance business redundancy, a
necessity given our position as the infrastructure of the
global capital markets.
And we accomplished all these initiatives while main-
taining an efficiency ratio of 55.3%, one of the best in our
industry.
Positioned for Growth
Our franchise is financially and strategically
stronger today than ever before
. That strength will be
needed as 2003 looks to be another challenging year. The
first several months of the new year reflect a continuation of
a weak investment environment. While we hope for a per-
ceptible improvement by year end, we will focus on the fur-
ther enhancement and development of
our franchise through 2003. I remain
confident in
our strategy, the profi-
ciency of our
people and our ability to
continually grow revenue through our
consistent ex
ecution of our strategy
and long-
term perspective.
Our well-diversified business
model is stronger than ever and offers
significant leverage to an improved
environment. The market and our
clients recognize us as a leader in our
chosen businesses.
Our favorable overall performance
in a challenging environment reflects
the wise counsel, strategic direction and sound corporate
governance provided by our Board of Directors as well as the
skills, professionalism and dedication of our staff around the
world. Thanks to them, our proven business model and loyal
client base, we are positioned for growth in the years ahead.
We extend our thanks and best wishes to Richard Barth
and Donald L. Miller, who retired from the Board in May
2002, having served 13 and 25 years, respectively. We also
welcome Paul Myners, chairman of Guardian Media Group
plc, who joined our Board of Directors in March of 2002.
On behalf of our Board of Directors and senior man-
agement, I thank you for your continued support.
Thomas A. Renyi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



