   2
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2006 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder:
2006 was a challenging year for Barnes & Noble, as a lack of high-profile titles contributed to softness across the bookselling industry, while increased competition put significant pressure on pricing. The difficult environment dampened Barnes & Noble’s comparable-store sales, and hampered our ability to further improve our gross margins and bottom-line growth. Nevertheless, our ongoing commitment to tighten fiscal controls at every level of the organization, including expense and inventory management, enabled us to post a seven percent increase in earnings per share, which was in-line with our guidance to investors.
Owing to the “flatness” of the industry overall, and to our strong cash flow and solid balance sheet, we decided to lever our position by offering our best customers lower prices on bestsellers and adult hardcovers, increasing Member Discounts to 40 percent and 20 percent, respectively. While sales in these categories increased and membership enrollments grew, as expected, the increase in sales did not compensate for the loss in margin. We remain confident, however, that short-term effects notwithstanding, the long-range benefits to Barnes & Noble will be positive.
The Barnes & Noble brand continues to be viewed positively by retail and online customers. In 2006, Barnes & Noble was ranked the number-one retail brand for quality for the fifth consecutive year according to the EquiTrend® Brand Study by Harris Interactive®. Additionally, Barnes & Noble.com achieved the number-one ranking for quality in the same study conducted by Harris, and ranked number-one in customer satisfaction for the third year in a row, according to the University of Michigan’s Customer Satisfaction Index. We thank our more than 40,000 booksellers in the field and in our home office for setting the standards for retailing as well as bookselling.
Another highlight to the year was the addition of the Barnes & Noble Recommends program, which augments our success with Discover Great New Writers. In this new program, we feature major displays and promotions of a single title at a time, each selected by our booksellers. One selection, Chris Bohjalian’s The Double Bind, was an instant bestseller the day it went on sale and remains on our bestseller list. Another positive influence was Oprah Winfrey’s Book Club selections. Among the success stories were You: On A Diet by Michael Roizen and Mehmet Oz, Best Life Diet by Bob Greene, The Measure of a Man by Sidney Poitier, and The Secret by Rhonda Byrne, which has become one of the fastest-selling nonfiction titles in recent memory.
During the year, we also took measures to enhance our already excellent supply-chain-management capabilities by combining five smaller warehouses into one major distribution facility. When the new center is fully operational later this year, and our Memphis center closed, we expect distribution costs to decline, and our operating efficiency to increase.
As with all retailers, real estate remains a primary focus. Over the past decade, while closing under-performing stores and closing many of our mall stores, we have opened many high-performing new stores in all 50 states. Excellent management of our real estate portfolio has enabled us to show steady performance over the years, allowing us to avoid major upheavals and write-offs, and capitalize on opportunities judiciously.
 
      We closed the year with our strongest balance sheet ever, generating $70 million in free cash flow. At year-end, after paying out approximately $40 million in dividends, we had $349 million in cash on hand and no outstanding debt. We continue to believe that a sound balance sheet is a key strategic advantage in an increasingly competitive marketplace.
For the year ahead, we look forward to the Harry Potter season this summer (we call it “Christmas in July”), because it raises the profile of bookstores and generates excitement and good morale all around. We are also pleased with the line-up of new titles for the fall, and hope for a repeat of the pre-election year political stir, which has historically delivered increased traffic to our stores. Nevertheless, as previously announced, we believe 2007 will be challenging in terms of comparable-store sales and earnings.
Although some in the investor community and the press prefer to describe our industry as a series of “bookstore wars,” we do not especially see our role as warriors. Rather, we believe our mission is to be the best booksellers we can be
and to focus on better serving our tens of millions of customers, thereby adding value to our important marketplace. Our profits come from executing our contract with the readers who enter our stores by delivering great service, a great online experience, and unmatched title selection and merchandising, not from being obsessed with the affairs of our many competitors.
On behalf of all of our dedicated booksellers, we thank our shareholders for allowing us the privilege and the joy of being the best and most profitable booksellers in all the world.
Sincerely,
Chairman
2006 Annual Report 3
 