   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2015 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
To Our Shareholders:
Barnes & Noble achieved a number of significant strategic, operational and financial goals in fiscal 2015, strengthening our market positions and building a more dynamic platform for growth. Each of our business units contributed to our success with improved performance, reflected by an increase of 30% in consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), including a 60% decrease in EBITDA losses in our NOOK® Digital business. We ended the year with a much improved balance sheet — $74 million in cash and no borrowings under our $1 billion credit facility. Additionally, after our fiscal year ended we further improved our balance sheet through the conversion of Preferred Shares to Common Stock, eliminating the associated interest payments.
An important milestone during fiscal 2015 was our acquisition of Microsoft’s and Pearson’s interests in NOOK MediaTM. The acquisition allowed us to combine the Retail and NOOK businesses, which both serve the same consumer market. By taking advantage of the synergies between these businesses, we expect to achieve further reduction in NOOK losses going forward. We are streamlining and consolidating systems and processes that are common to Barnes & Noble.com and NOOK through our new bn.com e-Commerce platform. The acquisition
also enabled us to separate our Retail and College businesses, forming Barnes & Noble Education, which we spun off this summer. We believe this will allow each business to focus on its own growth strategy.
Our Retail Group delivered solid performance, generating EBITDA of $322 mil- lion. Our core comparable sales increased 0.5% for the year due to our wide range of merchandising initiatives along with an improving physical book market. Our merchandizing teams have done an outstanding job of making books, music, gifts and Toys & Games easier to discover in our stores. In fact, our educational Toys & Games business delivered 16% growth this year, on top of a 12% increase last year. Post fiscal 2015 the catalog of new titles continues to generate excitement among our customers. The literary world was energized by the July release of Harper Lee’s much-anticipated lost work, “Go Set a Watchman,” a companion to her classic, “To Kill a Mockingbird.” The new book set a record for first-day sales at Barnes & Noble, surpassing all other adult trade fiction books in our company’s history, and driving a doubling of sales for “To Kill a Mockingbird” in the weeks leading up to release. Readers have also been captivated by E.L. James’ “Grey,” the next installment in her “Fifty Shades” series, and the release of Dr. Seuss’ discovered manuscript, “What Pet Should I Get?”
 
   Our College business continues to outperform expectations, accelerating the rate of new contract growth during the year. College opened 48 new stores in fiscal 2015, representing annual sales of $90 million. This compares with 30 store openings with annual sales of $52 million last year. The pipeline is robust: As of mid-June 2015, College had been awarded 14 contracts for stores to be opened
in fiscal 2016, with total estimated first-year annual sales of $48 million. Total sales for 2015 increased 1.4% over the prior year, and would have increased 2.3% year-over-year excluding the additional sales week last year. College sales benefitted from improving comparable store sales trends, which increased 0.1% for the year.
The turnaround at NOOK is the result of a strategic shift from hardware to content-focused activities, and is reflected in improved margin and lower expenses, as content has become the focus of our NOOK sales mix. In addition
to building on our partnership with Samsung to produce NOOK co-branded devices, we will further sharpen our focus on rationalizing NOOK’s cost structure while also integrating its valuable content offering with our Retail business.
In closing, I want to thank our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Huseby, for his leadership in much of what we have accomplished this year. I am delighted that Mike has accepted the new role of Executive Chairman of Barnes & Noble Education. I’m confident he will be a positive force in driving that business forward. I also want to thank our thousands of dedicated booksellers for delivering to our customers an experience that is unrivalled in our industry and the cornerstone of the Barnes & Noble brand promise.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio
2015 Annual Report 3
 