A lthough the book industry has certainly been challenged during the past
twelve months, Barnes & Noble has had a remarkable year. Led by our world-
class bookstores, we have emerged as a major player in the explosively growing
e-content marketplace by selling millions of digital readers and in securing
millions of readers who hold their digital content in “lockers” we provide. In
the less than two years since we launched our award winning NOOK™, we have
transformed our company from being the nation’s largest retail bookseller, into
one of the world’s fastest growing providers of digital content.
The numbers speak for themselves as our share of the U.S. e-Book market grew
to 27% in just eighteen months, as compared to our 19% share of the physical
book marketplace. And, while booksellers the world over suff
ered sales declines,
our comparable sales increased by almost 1% due to sales of digital products
and the expansion of our Toys & Games department. On top of this, BN.com
comparable sales increased by 65% for the year, led by our rapidly growing
e-content business. Thus, we have been able to secure our important standing in
retail bookstores and create a large back-end for our business as well. We could
not be more excited.
Since the onset of the digital revolution, many investors have expressed concerns
about the eff
ect e-Books would have on the nation’s bookstores, including
Barnes & Noble. Would we survive, and if we did, how many stores would we be
able to keep open and how much profi
t would they generate? While we shared
these concerns, we focused as well on the enormous potential of the e-content
marketplace and how we could profit from it. Now having completed our first full
year in this new paradigm, we see potential far beyond what was obvious to us
before, and we believe compelling enough for investors to sit up and take notice.
Total company sales grew by 5%, without the addition of Barnes & Noble College
Booksellers. With College, total company sales grew to $7 billion, an increase
of 20 percent. College performed better than expected despite an off
year for
retailers generally.
Consider:
•
Buyers of our NOOK devices, in effect walk around with a fully stocked
Barnes & Noble superstore in their pockets.
•
Our Members with a NOOK device buy on average almost 50% more total units
from the company than they did before they owned a device.
•
In addition, those Members buy a growing list of other types of content,
including e-magazines and apps, which represent almost all new revenue
streams for us, each of which is growing faster even than our book business.
•
Our devices will soon have other features which will create additional revenue
streams.
•
NOOK devices are also flying off
the shelves at other great retail outlets outside
of Barnes & Noble, including: Best Buy, Walmart, Staples, Offi
ceMax, and
Books
-A-M
illion.
•
Readers are flocking to our stores to browse for books they’d like to download, and
while there we have the opportunity to sell them books and other merchandise.
•
Customers tell us they prefer to buy digital devices in our stores because of the
outstanding service and navigation we provide.
I realize it is tough for some to imagine Barnes & Noble to be anything other
than what it used to be. Then again, people do not always remember what
Barnes & Noble was before we introduced the book superstore concept and
changed the world of bookselling and publishing as a result. Implicit in what we
did then, and what we are determined to do now, is a spirit of entrepreneurism
combined with marketing know how, and a true passion for bookselling in all
its forms. Combine these attributes with one of the world’s most revered brand
names and what you see is what you get.
All we’ve done is go from being at it 7 days a week, to being at it 24/7 and we are
loving every minute of it.
Sincerely,
Chairman