2005 Annual Report
 [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ]
     DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
Barnes & Noble achieved solid results in 2005, despite a lack of blockbuster titles in the adult hardcover category for the second consecutive year. Strong expense controls and expanding gross margins drove record earnings. Tight management of inventories helped produce record operating cash flows. Store sales increased 6.0% from the prior year and comparable-store sales grew 2.9% for the year, without any advertising expenditures or additional coupon promotions. Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 21% year-over-year.
Our ability to deliver significant value to our shareholders and grow our business in the challenging environment for new book content underscores the stability and resilience of our industry and the soundness of our strategy, which emphasizes a vast selection of titles. It also reflects the power of the Barnes & Noble brand, which continues to be the benchmark for excellence, not only in bookselling, but for retailing overall. In 2005, Barnes & Noble was ranked the No. 1 retail brand for quality for the fourth consecutive year by Harris InteractiveTM.
2005 was also the first full year that we operated as a simpler company, following the spin-off of GameStop and the merger with Barnes & Noble.com in 2004. This simplicity enabled our organization to be more focused on our core book business and provided greater clarity in our financial statements for our investors.
Sales growth of children’s books was strong throughout the year. This segment of our business is growing across the board, and for the first time we have listed our children’s bestsellers as a separate category in “Barnes & Noble’s 2005 Bestsellers” at the end of this report. J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, was the runaway blockbuster of the year. First-day sales at Barnes & Noble increased 40% over first-day sales of the author’s previous book, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. We sold 1.3 million copies of the new book in the first 48 hours of its release. Other popular children’s authors include Christopher Paolini, Ann Brashares, and Lemony Snicket. For example, we sold almost 655,000 copies of Paolini’s Eldest and Eragon in 2005 and almost one million copies of three books by Brashares (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood, and Girls in Pants).
In the adult category, popular writers such as James Patterson, Anne Rice, David Baldacci, and Nicholas Sparks performed well. During the holiday season, top non-fiction titles included Doris Kearns Goodwin’s Team of Rivals, Jimmy Carter’s Our Endangered Values, John Grogan’s Marley & Me and Thomas Friedman’s The World is Flat. The bestselling gift book was Silver Spoon, the bible of Italian cooking.
We continue to enhance our customers’ experience through innovation. For example, in 2005, we launched the latest generation of our BookMaster system, an easy-to-use technology that enables more efficient training of our booksellers and more precise information on the availability of titles for our customers.
Barnes & Noble, Inc. 3

    [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS continued ]
  2005 Annual Report
4 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
During 2005, we opened 27 Barnes & Noble stores, including a new location in Morgantown, West Virginia, giving us a presence in all 50 states. We ended the year with 681 stores. On a net basis, we added 497,000 square feet of space to our store base during the year. We closed 36 B. Dalton stores, ending the year with 118 stores.
We completed construction of our new 1.1 million-square-foot distribution center in New Jersey. This new center, which will be fully operational in 2006, has state-of-the-art technology that enables us to more efficiently and profitably handle fulfillment for our stores and Internet customers. We also introduced a more advanced data warehouse that allows us to optimize the management of our supply chain. This system gives us more efficient visibility into our in-stock positions, enabling us to keep closer control of inventory levels and supports our goal of maximizing sales.
Barnes & Noble.com continued to be a strong contributor to our overall success, achieving year-over- year sales growth of 5%. Independent market commentary reflects the high quality of our online capability: Barnes & Noble.com continues to be the No. 1 online bookseller for quality among e-commerce companies, according to the latest EquiTrend SurveyTM, conducted by Harris InteractiveTM. In the American Consumer Satisfaction Index, a leading industry benchmark of customer satisfaction compiled by the University of Michigan, Barnes & Noble.com achieved the highest rating among e-commerce companies. In addition, Barnes & Noble.com continues to receive important recognition in other Web measurement studies, including high marks for reliability in Keynote Systems, Inc.’s 2005 Service Level Rankings for Online Retailers.
We ended 2005 with the strongest balance sheet in our company’s history, and we utilized our excess cash in 2005 to fully repay our $245 million term loan. At year-end, we had no outstanding debt and $373 million of cash.
Consistent with our ongoing commitment to create value for our shareholders, we acquired 7.7 million shares of the company’s stock for $282.7 million and issued two cash dividends of $0.15 per share, for a total of approximately $20 million.
Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage our multi-channel strategy, enhancing our customers’ experience no matter how they choose to visit us, whether online or in our stores. We plan to open 30 to 40 stores this year, a target that will give us the flexibility to upgrade existing locations while we also enter new markets.

 2005 Annual Report
[[ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ccoontnitniunedue]d ]
     Barnes & Noble, Inc. 5
  Our focus on delivering exceptional service to our customers is unwavering. Our consistently high customer satisfaction levels are the direct result of the hard work of our more than 40,000 booksellers, whose dedication to being the best is unmatched in retailing.
We thank our shareholders for their continued support and we remain focused on consistently delivering outstanding value to them. In 2005, our stock price increased 30%. Over the last five years, Barnes & Noble stock has increased 65% percent, with a total return to shareholders of 135%. We are committed to building on our success in 2006.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio Chairman
 