2

Barnes & Noble, Inc.

BAR N ES & N O B LE 2012 LE T T E R T O S H A R E H O LD E R S
To Our Shareholders: Barnes & Noble accomplished great things this year, growing our business and investing in our future even as the book industry continued to struggle. Our focus on innovation and transforming our company to meet our customers' growing appetite for digital content has generated new growth opportunities as well as partnerships with technology leaders that will open even more doors for us. We continue to be a market leader, as our world class bookstores and award winning NOOKTM products have quickly become the essential portals through which readers access the rapidly expanding universe of content. Our bookstores had a terrific 2012, growing comparable sales 1.4% for the year. We saw traffic and comparable sales increases in our bookstores as a result of several factors, including market consolidation, notably the effects of a bankruptcy of a major competitor, remarkable growth in sales of NOOK products, a strong title line-up, and growth in non-book categories such as Toys & Games. And, of course, excellent execution by our booksellers continued to delight our customers and kept them coming back. Our digital business continued to grow rapidly this year. NOOK content sales grew to almost half a billion dollars and more than doubled year-over-year. NOOK device unit sales increased approximately 45% over last year, fueled in large part by our innovation and our leading portfolio of NOOK products. We added to that portfolio with the introduction of the NOOK Simple TouchTM with GlowLightTM, which has quickly become the highest rated eReader in the market. The combined strength of our retail and digital businesses gives us a unique competitive advantage that we believe will generate more opportunities to extend our leadership as the e-content provider of choice going forward. We seized one of those opportunities in 2012. Our new strategic partnership with Microsoft reflects recognition of the exciting potential of the NOOK business by one of the world's most important technology companies. Microsoft will make a significant investment in a company subsidiary called Newco, and will capitalize this company to fuel continued growth in digital and international expansion. This partnership will enable us to stay ahead of our customers' demand to have rich content when they want it, where they want it, and in the format they want.

2012 Annual Report

3

Barnes & Noble College had another solid year. College is well positioned to be a growth business for us as colleges and universities increasingly outsource their distribution of campus materials. College, which completed a successful roll out of the textbook rental offering in fiscal 2012, is experiencing growth in highermargin textbook rentals and the general merchandise business. Fiscal 2012 total company consolidated revenues grew 2%, to $7.1 billion, while earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) increased 5% to $171 million. We were able to achieve these results while continuing to make the necessary investments in our rapidly growing digital business. Since Barnes & Noble revolutionized bookselling with the superstore concept, change has been part of our makeup. Our ability to remake ourselves and the book industry time and again to exceed our customers' expectations has been a growth strategy, not a survival tactic. In 2012, we saw the transformative actions we have taken in recent years bear more fruit and extend our leadership position as others in the book industry have faltered. The result is an innovative and agile company that plays -- and will continue to play -- an important role in the way consumers and their families access content and learn. The Barnes & Noble brand promise has always been to serve our customers with great stores and wonderful products. That promise will continue to drive our success, no matter how our customers choose to connect with us. Sincerely,

Chairman

