   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2008 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder:
2008 was a year of unprecedented economic upheaval, which caused almost all business sectors to suffer, especially retail. The bookselling industry was affected as well, posting declines at levels never before experienced. As is now widely known, the retail recession actually began in the fourth quarter of 2007, which, while lowering the bar in 2008, only made the ensuing declines more problematic.
Fortunately, for Barnes & Noble, we did read the tea leaves early in the year,
and did begin to take measures well before the crisis became national news. Accordingly, we reduced inventory levels, overhead and operating expenses, and effectively ceased negotiations for new stores. Later in the year, when
the recession began taking a tighter grip on the economy, we made minor adjustments to our already scaled back forecasts. As a result, we came out of one of the nation’s deepest economic downturns in a very solid position, achieving $150 million in operating cash flow, and maintaining our $52 million dividend to shareholders. At year end, we had no debt on our balance sheet and $282 million cash on hand.
Even as our comparable sales declined 5.4 percent for the year, our management team again executed our business plan flawlessly, managing store payroll
and store expenses in line with diminished sales, while providing world class customer service. As well, continued improvement of our supply chain system enabled us to reduce inventories while maintaining the same levels of in stock positions we have always achieved. Inventory turns increased during the slowdown, and markdowns actually decreased compared to last year. The healthier gross margin that resulted enabled us to post after tax earnings of $76 million, which we viewed as a victory under the conditions with which we were confronted.
2008 also vindicated our long range real estate strategy: first, to exit the declining small store business in the malls; second, to sign shorter leases than those of our competitors; and third, to seek to relocate stores at the end of their terms to accommodate the ever-changing landscape of retail development. The success of this strategy is evident in the fact that our long-range lease obligations are declining as a percentage of sales, and that our sales per square foot lead the industry.
 
      Despite the bleak year, we did have a couple of bright spots on the horizon, notably the increase in children’s department sales, the increase in our membership card enrollments, and the solid results from Barnes & Noble.com, which were virtually flat to last year. To the extent that increased children’s book sales are a harbinger for the future of our business, we feel confident our better years lie ahead.
Although some economic forecasters, most notably those in government, would like us to believe that the recession will end before year end, we believe it is risky to rely on those assumptions. Therefore, we have little choice but
to manage our business with a wary eye on the near term, yet with a sense of optimism for the longer range future. If nothing else, these tougher times have caused us to become a better company; more focused than ever before, more efficient in every way, and most importantly, more creative.
Like all Americans, the 37,000 booksellers who are the backbone of Barnes & Noble are doing all of the big and little things to make business better. Even during the worst of times business activity continues, and the miracle of our economic engine remains the envy of the world.
For me, nothing has changed the simple pleasure of curling up on my favorite sofa and reading a good book.
Sincerely,
Chairman
2008 Annual Report 3
 