   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2017 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder:
Fiscal 2017 proved to be an extremely challenging year for Barnes & Noble as well as for the Retail industry. Comparable store sales declined 6.3% for the year, primarily due to a decrease in traffic. It is abundantly clear that consumers are changing their shopping behavior and we have to do a better job of anticipating their needs.
This past fiscal year we opened three new concept stores: Eastchester, NY; Edina, Minnesota; and Folsom, California. While we are still learning from these new stores, we could not be more pleased with how well they have been received in the communities they serve. We hope to be able to use the insights from these stores to develop a concept store and to improve our existing fleet of stores.
Additionally, we have made progress in strengthening Barnes & Noble.com, our online business, which saw a 3.7% increase in sales. Much of our focus has been on stabilizing the foundation of the website and, as we look ahead to the current year, our goal is to build upon that solid foundation. We are re-designing our desktop and mobile sites to provide a great online experience whether shopping from the comfort of your own home or anywhere using your smartphone.
While we were disappointed with sales in this fiscal year, we worked hard at reducing expenses by $137 million, enabling us to generate EBITDA of $172 million while sustaining our profitability level. NOOK® was a major contributor, reducing their EBITDA losses by $47 million. Cost reductions have been and continue to be a major focus for the entire management team.
The Company’s balance sheet remains solid. We ended the year with $65 million of debt under our $750 million credit facility, while returning $67 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
We have a new chief executive officer, Demos Parneros, who comes to us with a wealth of retail experience. He is fully immersed in our business and I have great confidence in his ability to work with the management team to affect positive change.
As always, I would like to thank the 26,000 booksellers who do such an amazing job serving our customers.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio
  