L E T T E R

T O

O U R

S H A R E H O L D E R S

BOOKSELLING

a self-fulfilling prophecy. The capital markets were virtually closed to retailers, and the banks began to tighten credit, leaving many of the nation's great merchants humbled, confused and scared. Stocks of publicly listed retailers were selling at historic lows, while, at the same time, the "dot com" bubble resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars being invested in what can best be described as a widely shared dream.

J

J UST TWO SHORT YEARS AGO, THE DEMISE OF THE RETAIL BUSINESS ­ ESPECIALLY ­ WAS THE TOPIC OF ENDLESS COVER STORIES, nearly reaching the point where it became

The dot com business, especially its subset "e-commerce," which involved the thorny issue of the physical distribution of goods, was proclaimed to be a new "paradigm," notwithstanding the reality that warehouse operations, customer service centers, merchandise organizations and a myriad of other details had to be rationalized in accordance with tried-and-true old-world practices. Indeed, the lofty designation, "paradigm," as opposed to say the mundane description "retailer," or even just plain "business," seemed to carry with it the license to create non-specific financial terminology ("spins"), which were not tied into balance sheets, never mind reality.

Thus, "whisper numbers" replaced real numbers, "sales trends" replaced sales, "earnings visibility" (I can see it from here) replaced profits, and the term "operating profit" itself disintegrated into mysterious and heretofore unknown subsets, such as "quarterly, projected, divisional operating profit."

Also, remember that the site is selling the very ideal that books offer solutions to everyday problems. Especially, books at Barnes & Noble. This broadcast channel, as we call it, operates 24 hours a day, 365 days each year.

The future, we believe, will prove that retail and e-commerce are not mutually destructive propositions.

Fortunately, reality has hit home; the whoosh we hear is the sound of investors scurrying to buy stocks in companies with solid earnings and, yes, future earnings visibility. Amazingly, retail analysts who recently were assigned to the Siberian outposts of the investment community have been rediscovered as voices of reason, even wisdom.

Neither is going away. Great merchants with great consumer franchises will offer their customers the best of all possibilities. They will be seamlessly integrated, because their customers require it and because their shareholders will benefit from the long-range value of the sophisticated delivery mechanisms that have been created.

Yes, the retail business is back in full motion and color, and the business of bookselling continues to grow at a strong pace. More importantly, Barnes & Noble's business is growing faster than that of the industry and faster than most of the major retailers in America.

For Barnes & Noble, which exists on the cutting edge of the information revolution, the future could not be brighter. Our store systems are fully developed and deployed. Our retail distribution systems, including an awesome direct-to-consumer network is in place. Most of the capital spending is behind us.
3

Our "super" stores again achieved industry-leading comparable sales increases of 5 percent, while, at the same time, our dot com sales increases were more than 65 percent year-over-year. So where, pray tell, was the so-called "cannibal" in the system? Perhaps, we submit, this can be explained by the fact that Barnes & Noble.com is actually helping our retail franchise by hand-selling specific titles in ways our local bookstores cannot possibly duplicate. Leonard Riggio Chairman & Chief Executive Officer All that remains is creatively exploiting the existing network we have established. We look forward to the challenges and profitable opportunities tomorrow will bring.

