    [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS ]
  2003 Annual Report
2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
Although the first quarter of fiscal 2003 was one of the worst for the retail sector in decades, by late spring and summer the impact of the economic recovery became clear. Our business, too, began to enjoy the benefit of this upturn, as traffic and sales increased as the year inched forward. Then, buoyed by a string of bestsellers, our sales surged into the last quarter, with comparable store sales in the fourth quarter up 6.4 percent. For the year, comparable store sales were up 3.2 percent, a great conclusion to a year that began with little promise.
Most significantly, consolidated earnings per share (EPS) rose a spectacular 49 percent, while the company again led the bookselling industry in comparable and total sales, operating profit and cash flow. The increase in profit for the bookselling segment was due largely to increases in sales, margins and operating efficiencies.
Within the bookselling segment, we were very pleased with the emergence of “big” books, several of which had a significant direct impact on sales as well as on store traffic: Hillary Clinton’s Living History, J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Dr. Arthur Agatston’s The South Beach Diet, and Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code were as impressive an array of blockbusters as we’ve seen in many years. Amazingly, two of these titles (The Da Vinci Code and The South Beach Diet) continue to sell well into fiscal 2004, and paperback versions of all of these titles will provide a sales lift in the year ahead.
While we believe that many more blockbusters are in the offing, our own publishing program has clearly begun to even out some of the bumps in the publishing cycle in terms of sales and, more importantly, margins. Led by the phenomenally successful launch of Barnes & Noble Classics, and SparkNotes, our publishing program has a total of over 1,600 titles in print. All sell for much less than comparable publisher titles and deliver much greater margins. And, while sure-fire backlist titles are our mainstay, our re-issue of Dow Mossman’s novel, The Stones of Summer, and the amazing Weird N.J. (80,000 copies sold in New Jersey alone!) demonstrated our ability to place self-published titles at the top of the bestseller lists. In all, self-published titles have now reached 5 percent of total bookstore sales, well on the way to our target of 10 percent.
At the same time, our Sterling Publishing division forged ahead, strengthening its lead within its market niche, adding title after title to its impressive backlist. Aside from achieving its target in sales, margin and profit, Sterling also delivered promised cost savings, reducing paper, binding, print and production costs throughout the organization. Equally important, the relationship between Sterling’s editors and the Barnes & Noble buying office is beginning to produce an awesome array of titles, many of which will be on the shelves this fall.

 2003 Annual Report
 [ LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS continued]
    2003 was another good year for Barnes & Noble.com (www.bn.com), where expense leveraging and cost reductions continue to drive us towards our goal of breakeven EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) in 2004. The site continues to receive accolades by all the rating organizations for its outstanding usability and excellent customer service. Barnes & Noble.com also validates our belief that all 21st century retailers, especially booksellers, should have a viable multi-channel service for customers. The site is a broadcast channel to our millions of customers and a key conversion point for millions of book buyers who are not yet our customers. We are convinced that Barnes & Noble.com adds value to our brand.
The previously announced acquisition of the remaining shares of Barnes & Noble.com is expected to be completed by the second quarter of this fiscal year.
Finally, we note the success of GameStop, the nation’s largest video-game retailer. Sales in 2003 were $1.6 billion, a 17 percent increase over the prior year. In all, we opened 300 new stores, an astounding achievement by any measure. Operating profit was up 20 percent, and our share of GameStop’s EPS grew from $0.40 to $0.50.
Financially, our company is stronger today than it ever has been. Free cash flow in our book-operating segment more than tripled to $290 million in 2003. We have a very strong liquidity position, with a debt to equity ratio of only 0.24 to 1.00. At fiscal year-end, our revolving credit facility had a zero balance outstanding. We continued with our share repurchase program, buying approximately 305,000 shares of Barnes & Noble, Inc. in 2003.
Many thanks to our shareholders, and of course, to our excellent booksellers in the field and home office for contributing to our success.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio Chairman
Barnes & Noble, Inc. 3
 