   2 Barnes & Noble, Inc.
 BARNES & NOBLE 2018 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder:
Fiscal 2018 was a challenging, but important year for the Company. While we made great progress in many areas of the business, we also laid the groundwork for what will be a multi-year strategic plan. The plan will center on how to better serve our customers, re-imagine our bookstores in the form of a smaller foot- print and a return to our bookselling roots, with a greater emphasis on books.
As we look back over the year, in Fiscal 2018, our comparable store sales declined 5.4% and we generated EBITDA of $145 million, excluding non-recurring or unusual charges. While we were disappointed in these results, we made signifi- cant strides in Fiscal 2018 to improve our performance and lay the foundation for continued improvement.
As a part of this effort, we strengthened our leadership team with several key hires including Tim Mantel, our new Chief Merchandising Officer, and Carl Hauch, our Vice President of Stores. They along with the management team are focused on improving sales trends and identifying cost efficiencies.
While declining retail traffic has been the primary cause for our sales declines, we have done and are doing all that we can to improve areas within our control. For example, we have implemented a new labor model to increase customer engagement and reduce non-productive tasks, leading to an immediate improvement in our conversion rates. We have also tested various enhance- ments to our Membership program that grew our Membership base by over half a million members. Our Café team has done a great job implementing a number of initiatives to grow our Café business, which has resulted in positive comps in the back half of the year. We have also improved our omni-channel offerings and launched a ship-from-store program for BN.com orders, which has resulted in quicker deliveries for our customers at a lower cost to the Company.
These are just a few of the initiatives that we are looking at to improve our performance. We are all committed to driving these efforts forward, and in Fiscal 2019 we will continue to work hard to achieve our plan. In short, we are doing everything possible to get back to growth, and I feel optimistic that we will. On behalf of the 23,000 booksellers who serve our customers in communities across the country, thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Leonard Riggio
  