  LETTER TO OUR
   SHAREHOLDERS
    It is fashionable these days to ask entrepre- neurs the“vision” question.
“What do you see on the dis- tant horizon,” they ask, and “What is your vision for the future of the company?”
The questions are intuited
by the assumption that busi-
ness leaders are locked into
the future by some sort of divine metaphysical connection: the size, color and calculus of their enterprises always measurable “within the mar- gins”. The present condition of their business is viewed as a temporary aberration; articulation of a business plan becomes the raison d’être of the com- pany. Profit models replace profits, and planning for the present is viewed as an ill-conceived notion.
I respectfully disagree. Let me give you an example of what I mean.
Recently, a journalist asked me the vision question, “What does the future hold for Barnes & Noble, now that it has done practically everything possible in bookselling? Will you be opening a chain of music stores (—No—) or perhaps pioneering some innovation in the world of specialty retailing?”
My answer was simple: “We are barely half way through our rollout,” I said, “so we’ve got at least 500 more stores to open. I mean, is a six-, seven-, even eight-billion dollar business something to shake a stick at these days?”
Unsatisfied, the journalist said, “Yes, I realize that’s a lot of business, but what else will you do to occupy your time?”
To which I replied, “Well, there is also the matter of BarnesandNoble.com, a venture which is as challenging and as promising as anything we’ve ever attempted.”
Frowning, she said, “You must have some- thing up your sleeve that you’re not willing to tell me about.”
On the pages of this report, we will address some of the information which is “up our sleeve,” and some which is right out on the table. For the
first time since the “super” store rollout began, we have
achieved positive cash flow as a result of strong comparable store sales and the excellent execu- tion of our business plan. We have also lengthened our lead as the world’s largest bookseller and have emerged as a power- ful global brand. For good
measure, we have launched an incredibly effective Web site, while at the same time managing to achieve earnings growth of 26 percent.
All of this is a result of keeping an eye on the ball as well as foreseeing the future. There is, after all, a distinction between vision and focus.
Let me conclude by saying that the successful entrepreneurs of the next millennium will be dedi- cated to both. By definition they will be leading, not following, in every aspect of their enterprise. But at day’s end, their success will be a function of their focus as much as it is of their vision.
Barnes & Noble and BarnesandNoble.com are picking up momentum just as the world of com- merce promises to be as vast and as breathtaking as the distant horizon. We couldn’t think of a better place to be at this moment in time.
LEONARD RIGGIO
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
CLOCKWISE : LEONARD RIGGIO Chairman and Chief Executive Officer MARIE J. TOULANTIS Executive Vice President, Finance STEPHEN RIGGIO Vice Chairman MITCHELL S. KLIPPER President, Barnes & Noble Development
       2
