                                        MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
December 31, 2008, respectively, and 31% annualized since our initial public offering on October 1, 1999.
I am proud of our record of creating long-term shareholder value, but our day-to-day focus remains dedicated to our clients. We have always believed that if we deliver what we promise to our clients and add value as a strategic partner in helping them solve problems, our franchise will flourish, our business will grow, our ability to retain and attract the best talent will be enhanced, and our strategic flexibility will be preserved. That, in a nutshell, is
how we seek to build enduring share- holder value.
Events of the past year and the ongoing turmoil provide critical context for understanding BlackRock’s business in 2008 and beyond. In my nearly 33 years in the business, I have never witnessed more hostile markets.
Led by the continuing decline in home prices and deteriorating credit quality, yield spreads widened sharply. The impact was initially felt most signifi- cantly on the balance sheets of invest- ment banks, commercial banks and other highly leveraged financial players, which were forced to delever by raising capital, selling assets or both.
Gradually, the depth of the oncoming recession became apparent and consumer confidence sank along with personal net worth. Consumers with- drew, spreading earnings pressure to other sectors of the global economy and dragging equity prices down further. For investors, not only were net asset values falling, but correlations across markets and investment strategies were increasing — the benefits of diver- sification were elusive and traditional asset allocation strategies seemed
to be failing.
September brought a tsunami of epic proportions. Although the financial system broadly was under increasing pressure, there was little appetite for supporting “too big to fail” institutions. Lehman Brothers was allowed to fail,
April 2009
In 2008, the global capital markets experienced the most traumatic disruption since the 1930s. Equity
markets worldwide suffered declines of 40% on average.* Credit markets were similarly challenged, as investors sought safety in the most liquid government securities and guaranteed bank deposits. The decrease in wealth has been devastating and is driving
a dramatic retrenchment in the global economy, reshaping of the financial system, and reexamination of business and investment practices.
BlackRock navigated these hostile conditions by maintaining discipline in our investment processes, serving our clients and managing our business. We achieved organic growth of 12%, with $167.6 billion of net new business during the year. Our operating income, as adjusted, was up 9% versus 2007
to $1.7 billion. At the same time, our net income, as adjusted, declined 20% due to negative marks on investments we have made alongside our clients, principally in illiquid alternative investment products.
While it doesn’t give me great joy to say, “we were less bad,” our common stock performed slightly better (0.1%) than the S&P 500* for calendar year 2008. We have outperformed the
S&P 500 by considerably more over time, having achieved excess returns of 17% and 24% per annum over the three- and five-year periods ended
* Please see Important Notes on inside back cover.
 3
 
                                        No one is immune to the effects of hostile market and economic condi- tions. Our clients have been affected. Banks, insurance companies, pension plans, endowments and individual investors have been affected. Invest- ment managers, including BlackRock, have been affected. In 2008, we were
 filing for bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, which led directly to the failure of a major institutional money market fund. When the Reserve Primary Fund “broke the buck” on September 16th, investors panicked and the money markets completely froze.
These events in turn led to the first government programs to stabilize the markets, followed by TARP, TALF, PPIP, monetary policy easing, and other forms of government support and stimulus. When I met with clients during the October IMF meetings in Washington D.C., the focus was on the global nature of the crisis and the need for a coordinated response to thaw interbank lending and frozen credit markets. Six months later, economic conditions are more impaired. Just recently, the G20 concluded its meeting in London by acknowledging the need for significant global government spending to avoid depression and lead the world economy out of recession.
hurt by adverse marks on our balance sheet and to a lesser extent by reduced revenues following the fourth quarter collapse of the equity markets. The income statement impact will be more pronounced in 2009, as we suffer the full year effect of lower market levels. Our management team began working together in October 2008 to streamline our processes and ensure that our resources were properly aligned with our business needs and strategic pri- orities. Reengineering efforts involved difficult decisions that we implemented as respectfully as possible.
Our earnings model is closely aligned with our clients. We employ little leverage and use our balance sheet only to make seed investments or coinvest with our clients. When our clients’ net asset values decline, the value of our coinvestments and our management fees decline, and when returns turn negative, performance fees based on absolute returns are eliminated until we recover the related hurdle rates. Similarly, our compen-
 4
 
 Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
                                        sation model, which is a function of operating results and relative invest- ment performance and includes a significant stock component that vests over multiple years, is highly aligned with both our clients and shareholders. We believe in pay for performance
and have abided by its principles since we founded BlackRock 21 years ago.
As an investment manager, our first priority is investing the money entrusted to us by our clients to achieve their investment objectives. I am proud of our team and their collective efforts throughout this crisis. Some made heroic efforts, working around the clock to help clients find solutions to very difficult problems. Most made outstanding contributions by keeping their heads down and focusing on the daily blocking and tackling that is so essential to our success.
Our cash management team is a
great example. Throughout the turmoil, they never forgot that our promise to investors is safety, liquidity and yield — in that order. As markets became
increasingly volatile, and financial credits increasingly uncertain, our liquidity portfolio managers worked closely with credit analysts, risk management professionals and their fixed income counterparts to position their portfolios to protect our clients. Even in the face of approximately $44.4 billion of outflows during the latter half of September, we met every redemp- tion request in our cash management portfolios during that period. When investors returned in the fourth quarter, we were rewarded with $48.6 billion
of net new business and growth in market share.
Beta had a huge impact on the rest
of our investment products. Our equity and balanced portfolio teams performed very well relative to their peers, but market movements wiped out $179.2 billion (39%) of AUM during the year. Similarly, adverse markets caused alternative AUM to fall by $14.3 billion (20%), but we distinguished the firm by not gating redemptions when our clients needed access to their money. Finally, volatile and unfavorable credit markets led to a $23.3 billion (5%) decline in fixed income AUM. Perfor- mance was mixed, with solid results in specialty products but poor relative performance in multi sector portfolios. Over the past year, we refined our team structure to enhance focus and accountability and we allocated addi- tional resources to add or augment our capabilities.
Our work with clients during the year was heavily oriented toward problem solving and delivering innovative investment and risk management solutions. We worked closely with institutional investors to develop more holistic strategies, including liability- driven investing, fiduciary outsourcing and strategic partnerships. In addition, clients sought our advice and assistance on a variety of troubled portfolios, and turned to BlackRock for opportunities to invest in special situations and distressed investments in anticipation of an eventual recovery.
We redoubled our efforts to provide timely and thoughtful communications on market issues, and we worked closely with our distribution partners to help them consider portfolio and product strategies to add value to their clients. Among other things, these efforts contributed to over 65 new product placements on third-party distribution platforms, $7.1 billion
of net new business from U.S. retail and high net worth investors, and increased market share in the U.S. and the U.K. Our global retail business is poised to benefit when market conditions improve.
BlackRock Solutions (BRS) had a record year in 2008, more than doubling revenues to $406 million. The team added 72 new assignments, completed a two-year system implementation and insourcing of our EMEA opera- tions, deployed new functionality, and closed a small, but highly strategic acquisition in Australia. Most impor- tantly, the firm recognized the great need for balance sheet advice and mobilized resources quickly to help our clients. For more than two decades, public and private institutions have turned to BlackRock for services that leverage our unique combination of capital markets, risk management and analytical capabilities. From the outset, fiduciary obligations and client confidentiality requirements in BRS have been strictly observed through the use of information barriers.
Early in the year, we formed a new group in BRS called Financial Markets Advisory (FMA) to assist clients with valuation, portfolio restructuring
and long-term liquidations. We were selected to help multiple central banks, government agencies and financial institutions on a variety of assignments. These engagements, which represented $145.0 billion of advisory AUM at year- end, are complicated, time consuming and resource intensive. Given the magnitude and sensitivity of some of our assignments, and to ensure that they do not detract from our work with our asset management clients, we
 
                                        enhanced existing information barriers and built a dedicated capital markets team in FMA, which is operated and managed separately from our portfolio management teams and strengthens our ability to provide independent, objective advice.
Market turmoil contributed to further changes in the financial landscape, including consolidation that affects our distribution relationships. Bank of America acquired Merrill Lynch at the beginning of 2009, providing what we expect will be a larger, more stable platform for the future. We are excited to extend our strategic partnership with the Global Wealth Management business and with Bank of America’s broader leadership team. I am also pleased to welcome three new directors to our Board, including two designees from Bank of America.
We have also undertaken a number
of organizational changes over the past year, as the next generation of leaders emerges. I would like to thank Barbara Novick for her long and highly successful leadership of our Account Management Group. Earlier this year, Barbara transitioned out of that role to serve as a senior advisor on a part- time basis. I would also like to thank Bob Doll for his service as a Director. Bob stepped down from the Board in February so that he could devote his time more fully to his responsibilities as global chief investment officer for equities, and to his efforts with and on behalf of our clients.
As I look ahead, I know that we are not headed “back to the future.” Investors globally are grappling with fundamental questions about the markets and
their investment strategies, about the efficacy of traditional asset allocation, asset liability management and risk management strategies. We come
to these discussions as a fiduciary for our clients and endeavor to listen thoughtfully, to think through strategic and operational alternatives, and to
tailor solutions that help our clients address their investment and risk management needs.
At the same time, legislators and regulators are engaged in vigorous debate on the future of finance. Their actions will have a profound impact on the economic outlook for the U.S. and the world. Taxpayer interests are central to the policy discussion, and rightly so. It is my most fervent hope that policymakers remember that it is in our national interest to be interna- tional — robust global capital markets and the free flow of capital across borders serve taxpayer interests by lowering the cost to finance bailout and stimulus programs, as well as sustaining vital relationships with our trading partners throughout the world. Further, to maintain confidence in the workings of the global financial system, it is essential that rules are transparent and consistently applied and that lawful contracts are unequiv- ocally respected.
It is also in our national interest to have the strongest, most liquid capital markets in the world and to rebuild our position of leadership in financial services. To do so, I believe we must enhance regulatory oversight of our financial system. In the investment management industry, too many firms fall through the cracks. All organiza- tions that manage more than $500 million — hedge funds, private equity
managers, family offices, mutual fund sponsors and institutional managers — should be regulated. There should be no difference between publicly traded and privately held firms. More broadly, a stronger regulatory regime needs
to be global, to recognize the ever increasing interdependencies among nations and the associated increase in systemic risk, and to ensure that U.S. companies are not put at a competitive disadvantage relative to their international peers.
I don’t know what the future holds.
I do know that we must be prepared to embrace change, to collaborate with our clients and with each other globally, to have the most talented team in the industry, and to maintain the flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities as they arise. Our goal is to be more respected tomorrow than we are today, and to earn that respect through the good work we do for our clients.
That is the mission that energizes BlackRock’s citizens and motivates us to work hard every day. I thank each and every one of my colleagues for their contributions, their commitment and their enthusiasm. I would also like to thank PNC for their continuing support, and our Board of Directors for their guidance and for challenging us to continually raise our efforts to a new level. Finally, I thank our clients for their ongoing trust and confidence in BlackRock.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  6
 