                                                                                                                                                                 my fellow shareholders
March 2013
The investment climate in 2012 could be summed up in one word: challenging.
Interest rates remained at historical lows. Growth in many markets was anemic. Policy gridlock and political risk drove uncertainty. And the assets of many pension funds — and the nest eggs of many individuals — continued to fall short of the increasing financial demands created by people living longer. The result is a growing retirement gap in many societies.
In this environment, BlackRock’s continued effort to help investors achieve better financial futures has never been more critical. More and more individuals and institutions are turning to us with the question, “So, what should I do with my money?”
For just that reason, we’ve built an investment platform that spans asset classes, geographies and investment styles. It is grounded in our risk management approach fueled by Aladdin®. We believe
it positions us better than any other firm in the industry to offer clients the investment solutions that these times demand.
The platform we’ve built is not only serving clients — it also continues to deliver for shareholders
BlackRock’s history reflects one constant commitment: to evolve our firm to anticipate and meet the needs of investors in a dynamic investment landscape. We strive every day to be students of the market and to interpret the world around us so we can determine how best to position our clients to succeed. We are constantly focused on what lies ahead — while learning from the past — with a firm belief that success rests on patient, long-term investing to deliver on client goals.
So, as we mark BlackRock’s 25th anniversary in 2013, I have never been more proud of our ability to help our clients navigate this challenging investment landscape. And we are committed, over the next 25 years, to become an even more trusted and essential partner to our clients.
record results driven By key areas of growth
The platform we’ve built is not only serving clients — it also continues to deliver for shareholders. We achieved record earnings and assets under management (AUM) in 2012, with robust flows in iShares® exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and multi-asset offerings. These are areas of growing demand as more and more investors seek diversified portfolios and solutions that blend active and index strategies to meet their needs.
From our conviction that financial complexity makes powerful technology essential to risk management, to our view that investors would value combining efficient beta with enhanced alpha, we have always sought to deliver exceptional long-term value to our clients and shareholders not just by preparing for change but also by driving it.
Today, this commitment underpins our momentum and relentless focus on finding good opportunities for investors and engineering the outcome-oriented solutions and advisory services they need.
strength in our diversified Platform1
In 2012, our diversified platform enabled BlackRock to achieve strong financial performance in the face of continued volatility and political and regulatory overhang:
• Weearnedarecord$2.4billiononanadjustedbasis,or$13.68 per share, up 15% from 2011, and generated a 3% increase
in revenues to $9.3 billion, with a 5% increase in adjusted operating earnings.
• Ourscaleandfinancialflexibilityenabledustoproducea 40.4% adjusted operating margin, delivering on our 40% target and improving our margin by 70 basis points from the prior year.
• Oursignificantoperatingcashflow,ofapproximately$3billion as adjusted, allowed us to continue extending our product offerings and service capabilities, invest in our brand and make selective tactical acquisitions to help drive future growth.
              4
1Please review the Important Notes on page 22 for information on certain non-GAAP figures and for source information on other data points in this letter.
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            5
   We also maintained our commitment to sound capital management by returning cash to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. Our dividend of $6.00 per
share in 2012 increased by 9% over 2011 and represented a
43% dividend payout ratio. In January 2013, we announced an additional 12% increase in our annual dividend to $6.72 per share. In addition, during 2012, we repurchased nearly 9.1 million shares, resulting in an overall payout ratio of 104%. This included support of a successful secondary offering of more than 26 million shares, representing Barclays Bank PLC’s overall investment in the firm, and involved our repurchase of $1.0 billion in shares.
In total, including the repurchase of 13.6 million shares from Bank of America in June 2011, BlackRock has reduced its share count by approximately 11% since March 2011, helping to drive our
15% growth in earnings per share in 2012. Equally important, our shareholder base has been transformed in just over two years,
as our public ownership has increased from roughly 20% to 80%, with a market capitalization of over $43 billion at the end of March 2013.
trends shaPing the new world of investing — and Blackrock
Over the last year, the “aftershocks” of the global financial crisis continued to affect the investment environment.
Macroeconomic and political risk persisted across the globe
and roiled financial markets — including the fiscal challenges facing Europe and the United States, slower growth and political succession in China and turmoil in the Middle East. While US equity markets delivered strong returns, the picture in other markets was mixed. Memories of the 2008 financial crisis weighed on attitudes to risk. These barriers to confidence led businesses, institutions and individual investors to keep billions of dollars on the sidelines.
Investors also felt little relief from global regulatory uncertainty. The wave of post-crisis regulation in areas including proprietary trading, derivatives and the taxation of financial transactions is starting to have a cumulative effect that is reducing liquidity and increasing costs for investors to a degree that may indeed slow economic recovery. BlackRock has continued to make sure the voice of the investor is heard as policy makers consider reforms related to US money markets and financial benchmarks, and pursue complex initiatives in Europe that may significantly alter how markets operate.
Market direction and investor behavior were further impacted by several megatrends that are reshaping the landscape for investors across the globe.
The first of these megatrends is the aging of populations around the world. Not only are the numbers of people retiring every year growing as the boomer generation “comes of age,” individuals are also living much longer in retirement without adequate
BlackRock has continued to make sure the voice of the investor is heard
preparation. Both corporate and public pension plans, as well as far too many individuals, face significant shortfalls in meeting future needs for retirement income. This funding crisis is also being compounded by the shift from employer-funded defined benefit (DB) plans to defined contribution (DC) plans that transfer the risk to individuals. In this era of historically low bond yields, this shift will leave many people woefully unprepared
for retirement since individuals have made significantly higher allocations to bonds than institutional investors.
                                                                                       
 BlackRock feels a strong responsibility to lead the way in addressing this retirement gap. We will continue to speak out on the need to face up to fiscal challenges, as we work with plan sponsors and companies to match their strategies to their long- term liabilities, educate their constituents, and provide cutting- edge lifecycle and direct contribution funds.
Our diverse platform positions us
well to help clients rethink and diversify their portfolios
The second megatrend is the secular shift to passive investing in ETFs and indexing. ETF inflows hit new record highs industry-wide in 2012, both in North America and globally. In our view, this shift is more than just a short-term market phenomenon; it is a systemic behavioral change. This has significant implications for the asset management industry, and BlackRock stands to benefit from this trend given our iShares ETF platform.
The third megatrend is a “rethinking of risk.” After a flight to so-called “safe-haven” assets, investors are now realizing that at current low and even negative returns, bonds are not a risk-free asset — in fact, in many ways, they are risky investments because of the outlook for inflation and interest rates. As it stands, this world we face is one in which investors are taking on more risk
— and getting far less return — than many realize because of their positioning in fixed income. Investors need to consider a broader mix of investments than ever before, and our diverse platform positions us well to help clients rethink and diversify their portfolios.
meeting clients’ goals in an outcome-oriented world
In this dynamic environment, investors are seeking new approaches to investing as their goals and interests change. BlackRock continues to evolve to meet these new demands and build value for the long term.
Indeed, against this backdrop, investors are redefining the very notion of performance: from tracking benchmarks to achieving desired outcomes — whether a target income level or lifecycle asset allocation. Valuing consistency of returns over absolute returns, investors now also increasingly seek higher-yielding opportunities and greater diversification, through strategies
such as barbelling to maximize returns with an appropriate risk/ reward balance. We believe that BlackRock is unique among asset managers in our ability to meet this need with our full breadth of tools and risk management services.
We’ve also seen more and more clients — from the largest institutions to individual investors — look to combine superior investment products with the broader risk management, asset allocation and asset/liability solutions that we offer through our BlackRock Solutions® advisory services and the analytical power of our Aladdin technology platform.
In anticipation of changing investor objectives, we invested last year in five strategic areas. These areas represented 75% of our net new flows for 2012 and — with the addition of Emerging Markets — remain priorities in 2013:
• iSharesETFs—Demandforefficientandtargetedmarket exposures — along with the October 2012 launch of the iShares Core Series of 10 US ETFs designed for buy-and-hold retail investors — drove 14% organic AUM growth in iShares last year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               6

                                                                                                                                                                                          7
       More than $85 billion of net new flows helped iShares remain the leader in global AUM and market share. We intend to build on this success through further innovation in our product suite, particularly in fixed income, and expansion into new markets.
• Outcome Investing — We believe that BlackRock’s breadth
of products and industry-leading technology and risk management capabilities uniquely position us to deliver outcome-driven multi-asset solutions. In 2012, strong, sustained demand for multi-asset solutions resulted in $16 billion in flows and record AUM in our multi-asset product class. We will work to capitalize on this trend as more investors seek outcome-oriented results.
• Retirement—In2012,wecontinuedtodevelopnewstrategies for public and private pension funds and DC plan sponsors, while launching a digital retirement center to educate individual investors. Our DC business achieved 9% organic growth and
our LifePath® target date products attracted more than $13 billion in flows, representing 32% year-on-year organic growth. We expect the global market for retirement assets to grow by more than 60% by 2020, which offers significant opportunity to expand our presence.
• Income—Lastyearourincome-orientedproducts,including active and index high-yield and equity dividend funds, generated nearly $18 billion in flows. As the quest for yield drives investors toward non-traditional sources of income, we will continue to develop additional solutions and products to meet this need.
• Alternatives—Thedesireforuncorrelatedinvestments allocated by risk budgets rather than traditional asset classes should drive new flows to a range of alternative and multi- alternative solutions, often in combination with advisory services. BlackRock is well positioned to respond to this demand, along with growing retail interest: by the end of 2012, the retail alternative mutual funds we launched in late 2011 had already raised close to $0.8 billion in assets.
• EmergingMarkets—BlackRockhasbuiltastrongplatform in emerging markets and today is one of the world’s largest investors in these markets with more than $200 billion of assets under management, the majority in index products. We see tremendous potential to grow our active franchise and are investing accordingly.
investment Performance: exceeding exPectations
As we pursue these priorities, BlackRock has taken a series of steps aimed at exceeding client expectations for consistent, long-term performance. Over the last three years, we acted to strengthen performance in quantitative Scientific Active Equity (SAE) and fundamental Fixed Income, and more recently replaced four of five US-focused Fundamental Equity teams and added new talent to our bench of portfolio managers.
We’ve taken steps aimed at exceeding client expectations for consistent long-term performance
These efforts are paying off. At year-end, 83%, 78% and 64% of active taxable fixed income AUM exceeded its benchmark or peer median over one, three and five years, respectively — among the best in the industry. In SAE, 85% of our products exceeded their benchmarks for one year and 89% for three years.
Our performance in fundamental equities, while still not satisfactory, has shown signs of turning around. We believe our top quartile performance in European equity funds positions BlackRock well for anticipated re-risking in Europe. Additionally, our emerging markets equity team, which we brought on board in early 2012, ended the year delivering returns well above their benchmark.
We also hired seven specialists to form an Emerging Markets Debt team to invest in hard currency, local currency and corporate emerging markets assets. And, we brought in new talent to spearhead BlackRock’s Real Estate Securities Management business to offer clients an unrivaled set of real estate solutions.
         
                                                                                                                                                                 constantlyevolvingtomeetinvestors’needs
We also enhanced our organizational structure last year with that same focus on serving changing client needs and improving performance:
• Ournewinvestmentteamstructuredeepensourleadership bench and aims to maximize our intellectual capital. We centered specialized investment groups on five core portfolio building blocks: Alpha Strategies, Beta Strategies, Multi-Asset Strategies, Alternatives Strategies, and Trading and Liquidity Strategies. Despite distinct investment processes, the teams benefit from shared access to all of the firm’s risk management, trading and analytics capabilities.
We enhanced our organizational structure with a focus on serving changing client needs
• WealignedourBlackRockSolutionsgroupwithourInstitutional client platform to meet growing institutional demand for holistic views of their assets and liabilities. We expect this alignment will allow us to offer a broader group of clients seamless access to our full capabilities — including the world-class blend of deep analytics and specialized portfolio management strategies available through BlackRock Solutions.
• Tosatisfyagrowingdesireforblendedactiveandindex solutions and to capitalize on growth potential in Retail, which represents 12% of our long-term assets but contributes more than 30% of our long-term base fees, we aligned Retail with iShares last year. We also integrated our US BlackRock and iShares retail sales teams to better deliver the breadth of our capabilities to our distribution partners, who look more and more to BlackRock to help them address their business model challenges in the face of regulatory complexities. As financial advisers increasingly serve as portfolio managers and asset allocators for their clients, BlackRock is actively working to support their success with outcome-oriented model portfolios and retail-focused multi-asset solutions.
Finally, the BlackRock Investment Institute again harnessed insights to promote dialogue among investors across the firm and to create high-value research for our clients on topics including the US housing market, China’s evolving economic role and the impact of the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, among others.
investing in future growth
Over the past year, we made tactical acquisitions to grow individual businesses and our geographic footprint. Our acquisition of Claymore Investments in March expanded our offering of ETFs in the Canadian market. In September, we purchased Swiss Re Ltd.’s European private equity and infrastructure fund of funds unit, bolstering our strong alternatives business. We will continue to look for opportunities to enhance inorganic growth where it makes sense to do so.
We continued to invest in talent, both by developing and elevating internal leaders and attracting new leaders from outside the firm. Philipp Hildebrand, former Chairman of the Swiss National Bank, joined BlackRock as Vice Chairman and oversees our largest institutional client relationships in EMEA and Asia Pacific. More recently, Gary Shedlin, a long-time strategic and financial advisor to BlackRock, joined the firm from Morgan Stanley to become
our new Chief Financial Officer. We also enhanced our presence in Asia, where Hsueh-ming Wang joined the firm as Chairman of BlackRock China.
BlackRock’s first global brand initiative — our “Investing for a New World” campaign — drove awareness of our capabilities
and expertise among existing and potential clients. The growing strength of our brand was reflected this spring when Fortune magazine named BlackRock the “World’s Most Admired Company” in our industry.
        8
 
                                                                                                                                               9
                                                           looking ahead with a focus on execution
As we move through 2013, this is an important time for investors. Many are stepping off the sidelines and making their first forays back into the markets after seeking the safety of cash or low- yielding bonds in recent years. As they do so, we feel the need to make sure the traditional investments that investors have long relied on as a safe haven are not holding them back.
Our greatest asset is our team of more than 10,000 talented individuals
Thus far in 2013 we’ve seen strong performance of risk assets and a trend toward more economic stability, whether in the United States, Europe or China, thanks in part to central banks continuing to maintain easy monetary policies. Many of the risks that weighed on the markets in 2012 — such as the eurozone crisis and the US fiscal cliff — have subsided.
While the global economy should improve further in the second half of the year, the investment environment nevertheless remains fragile. We believe that pressures from political dynamics, shifting global economics, changing demographics and persistent low rates will continue to strain the markets and cause volatility.
Implementation of new regulation may also have unintended consequences for investors. BlackRock supports financial reform that increases transparency, protects investors and facilitates responsible growth of capital markets, while preserving consumer choice and maintaining a level playing field across products. In our engagement with policy makers, we focus on constructive solutions that meet the need for greater clarity and transparency for investors, especially retail investors, without slowing economic recovery or burdening returns with undue cost and complexity.
Despite these headwinds, I am increasingly optimistic that the steps we have taken position BlackRock for outperformance through a wide range of market and investment cycles. Our size and scale — our global reach and local presence — allow BlackRock to stay ahead of the changing landscape. Our strong cash flow and capital position enable us to invest in technology and operations not only to comply with regulation but also to innovate as a market leader.
Our greatest asset is our team of more than 10,000 talented individuals who work to advance the business we have built and adapt it to ever-changing circumstances every moment, every day. They are the founders of our future, and I am grateful to them for their dedication.
Last year, we made our employees’ contributions and our culture even more central to our operations by formalizing the BlackRock Principles. These principles — Being a Fiduciary for our Clients, Passion for Performance, Working as One BlackRock, and Innovation — offer employees a shared understanding of who we are and what we stand for as we strive to create a better financial future for our clients, serve our communities and deliver for our shareholders.
I also want to thank our Board of Directors for the insight, engagement and guidance that help make BlackRock’s success possible. We further strengthened the Board in the past year with the election of Susan L. Wagner, a Founding Partner of BlackRock who retired as Vice Chairman of the firm; Jessica Einhorn, former Dean of the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at The Johns Hopkins University; and Fabrizio Freda, President and Chief Executive Officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
The groundwork we laid over the past quarter century and during 2012 will allow us to continue to anticipate and build the solutions today’s investors need for tomorrow’s outcomes. Our capabilities, strategies and focus position us well to further enhance the long- term value we create for our clients and shareholders.
Thank you for your interest in the success of BlackRock.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     