 2010 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder, Ball Corporation’s record performance in 2010 was the result of successfully executing our strategy of growing our worldwide beverage can business, leveraging our metal food and household products packaging business, growing our aerospace business and utilizing free cash flow and earnings growth to increase shareholder value. Ball’s comparable diluted earnings per share and total comparable earnings grew 20 percent and 16 percent, respectively, and our stock price closed 2010 at $34.03 adjusted for the two-for-one stock split that occurred in February 2011, generating a total return for the year of 32.6 percent. These results were due in large part to our focus on disciplined growth and operational excellence, through the efforts of our dedicated employees around the world.
While 2010 was an exceptional year for Ball and our shareholders, we believe 2011 can be even better.
Our worldwide metal beverage packaging business is growing through increased demand for our products in emerging markets as well as strong demand for speciality products in more developed
markets. Strategic investment
in our metal food and household products packaging business brought new opportunities
to Ball in the North American and European aluminum extruded container markets. And significant program wins
by our aerospace business in 2010 increased year-end backlog to nearly $1 billion, positioning that business for improved performance in the future. We also sold our plastic packaging business.
Driving Improved
Financial Results
Our company reported full-year
2010 net earnings attributable
to Ball Corporation from con-
tinuing operations of $542.9 million, or $2.96 per diluted share, on sales of $7.6 billion. On a comparable basis, Ball’s full-year 2010 results from continuing operations
of $2.36 per diluted share, compared to $1.96 in the prior year, were a record for our company.
During 2010, we refinanced the company through two successful public debt offerings totaling $1 billion and completed a new $1.4 billion senior secured
 John A. Hayes R. David Hoover
President and Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
 credit facility, which extended bank maturities through 2015. These actions provide Ball with additional financial flexibility. Our solid balance sheet and recent financings
Ball Corporation 2010 Annual Report 1

2010 Letter to Shareholders
 provide us with a very competitive, long-term capital structure to generate value for our shareholders well into the future.
Ball generated $506 million in free cash flow in 2010, including an incremental after-tax pension contribution of nearly $37 million and excluding a change in accounting for receivables securitization. We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, less additions to property, plant and equipment (for more about free cash flow, see the included Form 10-K ). Our financial strategy is based on generating significant free cash flow to invest in and organically grow our businesses, to acquire prudently, to return value to our shareholders through buying back our stock and paying dividends and to reduce debt. We repurchased more than $500 million of company stock in 2010, and intend to continue to acquire Ball’s stock in the future. Currently, we have a number of attrac- tive internal growth opportunities in which to invest, and plan to pursue these over the next several years.
Growing Our Worldwide Beverage Can Business
We are continuously evaluating potential growth opportunities to identify ways to create value for our customers and shareholders. Those opportunities often involve new products, markets, tech- nology or customers, including category extensions such as new sizes of cans in mature markets or investment in new, emerging markets where our customers are investing.
In Brazil, where the beverage
can market grew an estimated
17 percent last year and in-
creased from nearly 10 billion units in 2005 to more than 17 billion units in 2010, Ball acquired an additional 10.1 percent economic interest in our Brazilian beverage packaging joint venture company, and increased our overall ownership to just over 60 percent. During 2010 we also announced plans for a second production line in our Tres Rios plant, which was brought online earlier this year, and in early 2011 announced we will build a new metal beverage container plant in fast-growing northeastern Brazil, in Alagoinhas. The plant will initially include one line – the output from that line is already contracted under a long-term agreement – and is expected to start up in early 2012.
In China, we closed on the acquisition of our joint venture partner’s majority interest in a metal beverage can and end manufacturing plant
   Ball invested in growing beverage can markets in China and Brazil in 2010.
 Aerospace Achievements
Ball Aerospace made significant contribu- tions in 2010 to programs that advanced scientific knowledge and supported the U.S. military.
• Currently on a quest to find Earth-size planets in the habitable zone of Sun-like stars, the Kepler mission – which includes a Ball-built photometer and spacecraft – discovered its first five new exoplanets, or planets beyond our solar system, including the first rocky planet.
• Built by Ball for the U.S. Air Force, the STP-Sat-2 was launched to support the nation’s goal of fielding operationally responsive space capabilities.
• Ball also won several large programs that strengthen the company’s position in future years, including a contract for the first Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS-1) satellite. Procured by NASA’s Goddard Spaceflight Center on behalf of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), JPSS-1 will ensure continuity of vital climate and weather data records.
Left: The Space Based Space Surveillance satellite (SBSS), built by Ball Aerospace for Boeing and the U.S. Air Force, is the service’s only space-based sensor capable of detecting and monitoring debris, satellites and other space objects without disruptions from weather, atmosphere or time of day that limit ground-based observations. Top Right: Ball Aerospace received a contract to build WorldView-3, the next generation commercial remote-sensing satellite for DigitalGlobe. Bottom Right: The Ball Aerospace-built Deep Impact Flyby spacecraft captured spectacular images of comet Hartley 2.
2 Ball Corporation 2010 Annual Report
     
Differentiating Ball Through Sustainability
 in Sanshui, China, after obtaining necessary approvals from the Chinese government. This large plant is located in southern China, where we con- tinue to see increasing demand for beverage cans. This investment allows us greater flexibility to serve this growing market at a significantly lower cost than building a new facility. We also entered into an agreement
with a major Chinese beverage company and its affiliates to supply their requirements under a long-term arrangement.
In our more mature markets, we also have attractive growth opportuni- ties. Ball announced in October 2010 we are expanding production of our lightweight Alumi-Tek® bottle in our Golden, Colo., facility to meet strong customer demand in North America. In Europe, we announced the relocation of a metal beverage can production line originally intended
for a planned plant in Lublin, Poland, to our Belgrade, Serbia, plant.
It will be integrated into the Belgrade facility and is expected to begin production in early 2011. Relocating the line to an existing manufacturing facility requires less capital and provides additional benefits from economies of scale.
Lastly, we announced in early 2011 actions to decrease the company’s installed beverage can capacity in North America while better aligning Ball’s manufacturing footprint to meet changing customer demand. Those actions include consolidating our 12-ounce beverage can manufacturing capacity into fewer locations and expanding our production of specialty cans by installing a new line in our Fort Worth, Texas, plant.
Leveraging Our Food and Household Products
Packaging Business and Exiting Plastic Packaging
During the past 12 months, Ball acquired two companies – one in the U.S., and one in Europe – that allowed us to enter a growing segment of the metal packaging world where we can broaden our market development efforts into a new customer base.
In July 2010, Ball acquired Neuman Aluminum, the leading North American manufacturer of aluminum slugs used to make extruded aerosol cans, beverage bottles,
collapsible tubes and
technical impact extru-
sions for premium
packaging. In January
2011, Ball completed the
acquisition of Aerocan
S.A.S., a leading supplier
of aluminum extruded
aerosol cans and bottles
and aluminum slugs for
customers in the personal
care, pharmaceutical,
 Ball entered the North American aluminum extruded aerosol and beverage can slug market with the acquisition of Neuman Aluminum.
 Over the past three years, Ball has invested more than $44 million in energy savings projects. The company has reduced total energy use by 11 percent, decreased absolute water usage by 8.6 percent and improved Ball’s recordable accident rate
by 39 percent over two years.
In 2010, Ball was again selected to be a
member company of the F TSE4Good Index Series, which recognizes companies with policies and systems in place to manage social, ethical and environmental risks.
Also during the year, Ball issued its second sustainability report. The report provided additional online data to identify the company’s achievements and chal- lenges and further defined Ball’s priorities and long-term direction:
Packaging
Developing the lightest weight, most recycled, consumer-preferred packaging for the markets in which we compete
Energy
Significantly and cost-effectively reducing our energy consumption
Water & Waste
Reducing our water usage and sending zero waste to landfill
Safety
Achieving zero accidents in our facilities
Talent Management
Recruiting, developing and retaining talented, diverse employees who share our core values and reflect our communities
                  Ball Corporation 2010 Annual Report 3
  
2010 Letter to Shareholders
 beverage and food industries. Aerocan will be managed in Europe. Acquiring Neuman and Aerocan is aligned with our strategy of expanding our product portfolio and manufacturing capabilities while leveraging our extensive operational expertise in our global metal packaging businesses.
In August 2010, Ball completed the sale of the company’s plastic pack- aging, Americas, business. The plastic packaging industry had become increasingly challenging, and a significant move toward self-manufacture of plastic bottles by large customers, continued fragmentation of the supplier base and softer demand made it difficult to achieve acceptable returns in that business.
Growing Our Aerospace Business
Our aerospace business was selected in 2010 to build a new commercial remote-sensing satellite for DigitalGlobe, provider of the world’s highest resolution commercial satellite imagery and geospatial information products. Ball previously built QuickBird launched in 2001, WorldView-1 launched in 2007 and WorldView-2 launched in 2009.
Our partnership with DigitalGlobe is built on a strong record of performance and mission success in meeting the increased demand for Earth imagery. WorldView-3 is anticipated to launch in 2014.
Also in 2010, Ball was awarded a contract by NASA for the first Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS-1) satellite. Procured by NASA’s Goddard Spaceflight Center on
  NASA awarded Ball Aerospace a contract for the first Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS-1) satellite, which will ensure continuity of vital climate and weather data records.
behalf of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, JPSS-1 will ensure continuity of vital climate and weather data records. The Space Based Space Surveil- lance satellite, built by Ball for the U.S. Air Force, launched suc- cessfully in late 2010
and began its important national mission.
Those and other contract wins in 2010 built a year-end backlog of $989 million for our aerospace business, positioning it for growth in 2011 and the
years after.
A Decade of Results . . .
During the past 10 years, Ball Corporation’s stock provided shareholders with a total return of 548 percent, and the company increased its market capitalization from approximately $2 billion to $6 billion.
Ball’s management team and employees successfully executed on the company’s strategy, making value-creating acquisi- tions, investing in growing markets, realigning Ball’s manufacturing footprint and exiting a business – all of which enabled Ball to grow despite challenging economic conditions.
Highlights include:
2001
Ball board elects R. David Hoover CEO; formation of RMMC joint venture with Coors Brewing Company
2002
Two-for-one stock split; dividend increase; acquisition of European beverage can maker, Schmalbach-Lubeca AG
Top: R. David Hoover, then chairman, president and CEO, and Kurt Beck, minister- president of the Rhineland Palatinate, opened a giant beverage can to symbolize the reopen- ing of Ball’s plant in Hassloch, Germany,
in 2007. Fire destroyed the plant in 2006 and
it was rebuilt within a year. Bottom: In 2006, Hoover was welcomed to Ball’s then newly built metal beverage packaging plant in Belgrade, Serbia. The plant is strategically located to supply growing beverage markets in southern and eastern Europe.
4 Ball Corporation 2010 Annual Report
    
  Jeffrey A. Knobel
 Treasurer
 Colin J. Gillis
President, Latapack-Ball Embalagens Ltda.
recently served as president of BAPL, joined Ball in 1973. Gihan is new to Ball and brings extensive knowledge of Asian markets to the company.
Also in 2010, Pedro Henrique Mariani joined the company as an advisory director. Pedro Henrique is one of the executive officers and president of the board of directors of Banco BBM, one of Brazil’s leading financial institutions.
Transitioning To An
Experienced Leadership Team
In November 2010, we announced a planned transi- tion at chief executive officer at Ball. Like other recent leadership changes in our company, it was the result of a thoughtful and careful succession plan.
In addition to the CEO transition, Jeff Knobel was named treasurer of the company, succeeding Scott Morrison as Scott
focused fully on his role as chief financial officer. To lead our operations in the important growth markets of Brazil and Asia, Colin Gillis was named president of Latapack- Ball Embalagens Ltda., Brazil, and Gihan Atapattu
was named president of Ball Asia Pacific Ltd. (BAPL), Hong Kong. Colin, who had most
Positioning Ball for Continued Success
2010 was a success story for Ball Corporation. Our strategy to grow our company organically, invest in value-adding acquisitions, buy back our stock and pay cash dividends and pay down debt has generated signifi- cant value for Ball’s shareholders. Through our focus on economic value added, we are aligned with our shareholders as we make decisions every day on the disciplined deployment of our capital.
The strategic actions we took in 2010 position Ball for continued success in 2011 and beyond. As part of a company that has been around for 130 years, we are stewards of a thriving enterprise with more oppor- tunities – both operationally and financially – to make our business even better. Our management team, our operations around the world and Ball’s more than 14,500 employees are committed to continuing our company’s track record of success of returning value to our shareholders.
The natural evolution of Ball, which began in 1880, continues forward into a promising future.
John A. Hayes R. David Hoover
President and Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
Gihan Atapattu
President, Ball Asia Pacific Ltd.
   . . . 2001 to 2010
2003
Dividend increase; record year for sales, earnings and earnings per share
2004
Two-for-one stock split; dividend increase; acquisition of remaining 50 percent of ConAgra joint venture
2005
Ball’s 125th year in business; Ball Aerospace- built Deep Impact spacecraft intentionally collides with comet Tempel 1 while a fly-by spacecraft takes high-resolution images to reveal materials beneath the comet’s surface
2006
Acquisition of US Can significantly expands food and household products packaging business
2007
Successful launch of WorldView-1 satellite
2008
Commercial introductions of Ball innovations: Ball Resealable End, 16-ounce Alumi-Tek® bottle, Eyeris® printing, shaped aerosol
cans and smooth pour end; Ball issues first sustainability report
2009
Acquisition of metal beverage packaging plants from Anheuser-Busch InBev; astro- nauts install new Ball Aerospace instruments and make repairs to Hubble Space Telescope
2010
Net repurchase of more than $500 million
of Ball stock; completion of $1.4 billion credit facility; acquisition of joint venture metal beverage packaging plant in Sanshui, China; expansion in Brazil; exit from plastic packaging business; acquisition of Neuman Aluminum; Ball issues second sustainability report
Ball board members and the late John W. Fisher, then chairman emeritus, took part in the closing bell ceremony at the New York Stock Exchange on April 27, 2005, as part of the company’s 125th anniversary celebration.
Ball Corporation 2010 Annual Report 5
   