Dear Fellow Shareholders:
We are pleased to report that 2003 was a record year for Ball Corporation in many ways and judged by many measures. Sales, earnings and earnings per share were all records.
In packaging we delivered far more containers than in any previous year, and in aerospace and technologies we were awarded one of our largest contracts ever and finished the year with a record backlog of contracted business. Perhaps most impressive, we generated $365 million in free cash flow.
With such strong performance a natural question is, “What’s next?” We expect the answer to be further growth and improvement as we continue to pay relentless attention to detail in everything we do. As good as 2003 was, we know we can do
better with our existing businesses, and we constantly are adding to
the foundation and financial strength that allow us to continue to pay
dividends, invest in our businesses, buy back our stock, and prudently
and selectively pursue value-enhancing acquisitions that would contribute
to our future growth within packaging and aerospace.
2003 Annual Report
  Our acquisition in December 2002 of the beverage can manufacturing business we now operate as Ball Packaging Europe fueled much of our growth in 2003. It now makes up the majority of our international packaging segment that had sales of $1,127.7 million and earnings of $158.6 million in 2003, compared to $132.2 million and $9.2 million
in 2002 when our international packaging segment results included primarily our consolidated operations in the People’s Republic of China. As part of the acquisition and integration of Ball Packaging Europe,
we refinanced essentially all of our debt on extremely attractive terms.
R. DAVID HOOVER
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
1
 
Message to Our Shareholders
 John R. Friedery,
left, succeeds the retiring Leon A. Midgett as head of our North American packaging operations.
Adjusting to the current environment
The smooth integration of Ball Packaging Europe and its strong results came despite the disruption caused throughout 2003 by the imposition in Germany of a mandatory deposit on most one-way beverage packaging, including recyclable beverage cans.
An eventual successful resolution of the German deposit situation holds significant potential for Ball Packaging Europe at some point in the future. In the meantime, our management and employees in Europe have done an excellent job of dealing with this new environment. Expansion projects were put on hold. An older, smaller plant was closed. Production volumes were shifted among plants to increase operating efficiencies. New customers were added as the demand for beverage cans continued to grow, particularly in eastern and southern Europe and in Africa.
The result was a successful, if challenging, 2003 in our international packaging segment. The continued improvement from our China operations, after a major restructuring in 2001, contributed to the very positive results from our international packaging segment.
Upside in many areas
Our North American packaging segment faced its own set of challenges in 2003. Pricing was an issue due to competition among packaging material types and packaging suppliers. We closed a small metal food can plant and consolidated some of our plastic container operations to help balance our own supply and demand situations.
We acquired and then consolidated into our North American metal beverage container operations a manufacturer of aluminum can ends. These steps, while small compared to the acquisition of Ball Packaging Europe, demonstrate our ability to acquire, consolidate and integrate operations within the large North American packaging industry.
The startup of our new high speed metal food can production line in Milwaukee
did not go as smoothly as we had anticipated. The resulting lower efficiencies and higher manufacturing costs reduced the earnings in our North American packaging segment. We ended 2003 confident that our issues in Milwaukee are behind us, providing upside potential in 2004.
We are in the process of relocating the offices and R&D lab for our plastic container operations from Georgia to Colorado. When complete in mid-2004, this relocation will allow us to take full advantage of the resources of our North American packaging segment to improve the results of our plastic container operations, which thus far have not been satisfactory. We are determined to improve the performance of these operations.
 03
 02
 99
 01
 00
      NET SALES
($ in millions)
2
 3,707 3,665 3,686
3,859
4,977

Our aerospace and technologies segment had record sales, earnings and year-end backlog in 2003 as the quest for scientific discovery, national security priorities and world geopolitical events continued to point customers directly toward the technologies where we are a recognized industry leader.
We have played important roles in all of NASA’s great observatories and supplied nearly all of the scientific instruments
currently operating on the Hubble Space
Telescope. Our record in these high profile
missions no doubt played an important role in winning one of our largest aerospace contracts ever, to build the primary mirror system for the James Webb Space Telescope, the successor to the Hubble.
As important and meaningful as our scientific work is, a large portion of our aerospace and technologies segment revenues come from the defense market, where technologies which we helped develop, and at which we excel, are in critical demand.
Building on our record
Leon A. Midgett, who was an early pioneer in our metal beverage can business and rose to executive vice president and chief operating officer for all of our packaging operations, has elected to retire in early 2004. A person of Leon’s skill and experience will be missed, but we are fortunate to have the succession planning and the people ready for such inevitabilities. John R. Friedery, who has been heading our North American metal beverage container operations since 2000, will now have responsibility for all of our North American, Brazilian and Asian packaging operations.
Having leaders like Leon and John is essential for us to continue to build on the record we have established. Just as essential is the skill, professionalism and dedication of each of the approximately 12,600 women and men who work for Ball Corporation. Many of us are shareholders, just like you, and we all behave like owners. Our stake
in this enterprise is large and important to us, and our interests are aligned with yours. You can be assured that we work hard every day to improve this company. We are proud of our results and excited about our prospects.
R. DAVID HOOVER
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
Message to Our Shareholders
 “We constantly are adding to the foundation and financial strength that allow us to pursue value-enhancing acquisitions that would contribute to future growth.”
 3
 