2009 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder, 2009 was among the best years in our company's 129-year history, despite the uncertain economic environment. Our diluted earnings per share and total earnings were records for Ball Corporation. Our company's stock provided a total return to shareholders of 25.5 percent, better than the Dow Jones Industrial Average (18.8 percent) and the S&P 500 (23.4 percent). The primary reason for the improvement in our performance is our more than 14,000 employees and their efforts throughout the year. It is my privilege to be the chairman and CEO of a company with such talented and dedicated people. While the continuing economic recession dominated headlines, and indeed Ball was not immune from the effects of the downturn, we took a number of strategic actions during 2009 to improve performance and position our company for continued growth in 2010 and beyond. We rationalized capacity to better balance our supply with market demand, we concluded agreements on two acquisitions consistent with our strategy to grow our global metal beverage can business and we selectively focused on exiting nonstrategic businesses and investments. We also made senior management changes to ensure strong leadership at Ball well into the future. We are pleased with the performance of our company in 2009 and excited about opportunities ahead of us. Our focus in 2010 is to improve earnings and generate significant free cash flow through the careful management of our businesses and tight control of our costs, and to pursue strategic initiatives tied directly to creating value for our shareholders and our company. 2009 Financial Performance Overview Ball Corporation reported full-year 2009 net earnings of $387.9 million, or $4.08 per diluted share, on net sales of $7.35 billion, compared to net earnings of $319.5 million after significant non-operating items, or $3.29 per diluted share, on net sales of $7.56 billion in 2008. On a comparable basis, Ball's 2009 full-year results of $4.05, compared to $3.61 in the prior year, were a record for our company. Prior cost-cutting actions from the rationalization program that began in 2008, a disciplined approach to pricing our products and managing our costs and excellent plant operating performance contributed to improved 2009 results. The company's acquisition in October of four metal beverage packaging plants were accretive to Ball's earnings and cash flow in the fourth quarter. Ball generated $373 million in free cash flow in 2009, after a pension contribution of $57 million in excess of pension expense. We generally define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, less additions to property, plant and equipment (for more about free cash flow, see the included Form 10-K ). Free cash flow is vital to achieving our company strategy and is used to invest in our business, reduce debt and return

"We are pleased with the performance of our company in 2009 and excited about opportunities ahead of us." "R. David Hoover
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Ball Corporation 2009 Annual Report 1

2009 Letter to Shareholders

Ball Stock Performance vs. Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index vs. Dow Jones Containers & Packaging Index
Comparison of Year-End Value of $100 Invested December 31, 1999

Innovations from Ball Take Hold
In 2009, Ball Corporation's packaging innovations grew in volume and into new markets. Over the past two years, Ball has sold more than 6 billion units of new, recyclable metal and plastic packages.
A. Sutter Home Winery is now using Ball's packaging for all of its 187mL PET wine

BLL

bottles sold throughout the U.S. The bottles feature Plasmax ®, a transparent, internal silicon oxide (SiOx) barrier coating technology that protects the wine inside the bottle, provides exceptional clarity and does not contaminate the PET recycling stream because it is easily removed during the recycling process.
B. The Ball Resealable End, which revolutionized the beverage can market with its

European launch in 2008, debuted in 2009 on energy drink cans in Germany and the United States.
C. Ball also added to its stable of innovative reclosable cans in 2009. Monster Energy
© 2010 Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.

value to our shareholders through repurchasing our stock and paying dividends. We expect 2010 free cash flow of more than half a billion dollars. Strategic Business Actions Ball Corporation also took important strategic steps in 2009 to grow our global metal beverage packaging business and adjust our manufacturing footprint to better align with changing customer requirements. We acquired from Anheuser-Busch InBev four beverage packaging manufacturing plants, and associated supply contracts, for $575 million. The facilities included beverage can plants in Rome, Ga.; Columbus, Ohio; and Ft. Atkinson, Wis., and a beverage can end plant in Gainesville, Fla. The plants produce approximately 10 billion aluminum cans and 10 billion can ends annually and employ approximately 635 people. More than two-thirds of the cans are produced for leading soft drink companies and one-third for AB InBev. These well-maintained, high-volume manufacturing plants are operated by skilled, experienced can and end makers. The acquisition offers opportunities to compare and share best practices and to further improve overall performance while providing greater balance to our geographic footprint.
2 Ball Corporation 2009 Annual Report

DUB Edition hit the market in Ball's new 32 oz. Jumbo Cap Can® ­ a package that communicates the product's functional nature and aggressive positioning. This latest resealable solution features a lug closure and end that provides an industrial look and wows consumers with its "pop and smoke" effect when opened.
D. The successful roll out of the Miller Lite aluminum pint bottle continued in

2009. Introduced in 2007, the Alumi-Tek ® bottle continues to gain traction in the market as the package for a variety of beverages: beer, energy drinks, sports nutrition shakes and enhanced water. Alumi-Tek offers a reclosable cap on a 100 percent recyclable aluminum bottle. Ball's aluminum beverage can plant in Monticello, Ind., makes three Alumi-Tek sizes ­ 8 oz., 12 oz. and 16 oz.

A.

B.

C.

D.

2009 Letter to Shareholders

A.

B.

C.

Sustainability Progress
Our sustainability initiatives expanded in 2009 while our initial efforts were recognized as steps in the right direction. For more information about Ball's sustainability initiatives, visit www.ball.com/sustainability.
A. We were gratified to receive the "Best First Time Reporter" award in April

from two prominent organizations, Ceres and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. The award recognized our sustainability report for its comprehensive approach to sustainability, demonstrated commitment to stakeholder engagement and the company's strategy for producing sustainable packaging and supporting recycling.
B. Strategic actions also improve our sustainability results. An agreement Ball

announced in 2009 to acquire the remaining interest in a joint venture beverage can plant in Sanshui, China, will, when completed, better enable Ball to serve the growing south China market without adding capacity.
C. To help us measure sustainability progress within all of our facilities, we are

installing a new system like this one in our Braunschweig, Germany, metal beverage packaging plant to capture data for key indicators such as energy, emissions, water and waste. Some of that data will be included in our next sustainability report, which we expect to issue in mid-2010.

Also in the fourth quarter, we sold a plastic pail plant in Newnan, Ga. While the transaction was relatively small, it underscored our strategy to focus on our core businesses. We elected in 2009 to sell 75 percent of the company's shares of DigitalGlobe® stock, which resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately $31 million and realized cash proceeds of approximately $37 million in Ball's second quarter results. DigitalGlobe was formed in 1995 as EarthWatch, Inc., by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. and WorldView Imaging Corporation. EarthWatch changed its name to DigitalGlobe in 2002 and completed an initial public offering of its stock in May 2009. During the year, we ceased operations at two U.S. plastic packaging plants due to a decrease in demand for monolayer PET containers. Over the past 18 months, we have closed a total of eight North American metal and plastic packaging manufacturing plants as our company consolidated production capacity to better balance our supply with market demand. Those actions, when completed in 2010, will result in a total of $80 million in fixed-cost savings. In November, Ball announced its intention to acquire Guangdong Jianlibao Group Co., Ltd.'s 65 percent interest in a joint venture metal beverage can and end plant in Sanshui, China, for approximately $90 million in cash and assumed debt. Ball has owned 35 percent of the joint venture plant since 1992. As part of the transaction, Ball will also enter into a long-term supply agreement with Jianlibao. The transaction is expected to close in 2010. The Sanshui facility is a large, efficient manufacturing plant located in southern China, where we continue to see increasing demand for beverage cans. We are very familiar with the plant and its customers, and this investment will allow us greater flexibility to serve the growing Chinese market at a significantly lower cost than building a new facility and without adding additional capacity to the market.
Ball Corporation 2009 Annual Report 3

2009 Letter to Shareholders

As the year came to a close, our joint venture in Brazil, Latapack-Ball Embalagens, Ltda., successfully started up a new metal beverage can plant in Tres Rios, near Rio de Janeiro. The plant supplies the growing demand for metal beverage packaging in the region and joins our other Brazilian joint venture plants in Jacareí and Salvador. Building on Our Financial Strength Despite the severe effects of the global economic recession that froze credit markets, Ball entered 2009 with a solid financial foundation. We were able to manage our capital structure effectively during the year as we navigated through the downturn, and have no required debt refinancings until October 2011. To further strengthen our company's financial position, during 2009 Ball successfully conducted a public offering of $700 million in senior notes, of which $375 million is due in 2016 and $325 million is due in 2019. We used net proceeds from the offering to finance the metal beverage packaging acquisition, pay associated fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. During the year, we continued to deleverage the company. After making the nearly $600 million acquisition in 2009, our net debt increased by only $103 million year-overyear due to our strong cash flow generation. Credit ratios at the end of the year were better than at the start of 2009. We expect strong cash flow generation to continue in 2010, and we intend to further reduce our debt. Management Changes A company's long-term success requires a deliberate, thorough succession plan. One of our key initiatives over the years has been to develop leaders internally and prepare them for new and greater responsibilities. This has never been more evident than in 2009, when we made significant leadership changes throughout our organization.

Aerospace Achievements
Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. reached several program milestones in 2009 and contributed significantly to advancements in space science and commercial space-based capabilities.
A. Astronauts for NASA's STS-125 servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope

in May installed two science instruments built by Ball Aerospace and completed critical repairs to two previously installed Ball science instruments.The Wide Field Camera 3 is Hubble's most technologically advanced instrument to take images in the ultraviolet, visible and near infrared portions of the spectrum. The Cosmic Origins Spectrograph will help scientists better understand the universe by gathering information from the ultraviolet light from distant objects. Ball has built seven highly sophisticated scientific instruments for Hubble.
B. Ball Aerospace built the photometer and spacecraft for NASA's Kepler Mission.

The Kepler spacecraft, which launched in March 2009, is searching a field of 100,000-plus stars for signs of planets in the habitable zone around stars.
C. Ball Aerospace supports U.S. national security and scientific endeavors with

advanced engineering services and technical support. The company's expertise in data exploitation, human effectiveness, geo-intelligence, space situational awareness, missile warning and threat detection is applied to critical military missions.
D. This image of the Sydney Opera House was taken by the WorldView-2 remote-

sensing satellite, designed and built by Ball Aerospace for DigitalGlobe, soon after the satellite's October 2009 launch. WorldView-2, WorldView-1 and QuickBird ­ all built by Ball ­ bring unsurpassed agility, capacity, accuracy and spectral diversity to commercial Earth imaging.
A. B.

C.

D.

4 Ball Corporation 2009 Annual Report

2009 Letter to Shareholders

Those changes were highlighted by the promotions of John A. Hayes to president of the corporation; Raymond J. Seabrook to chief operating officer, global packaging; and Scott C. Morrison to chief financial officer. John, Ray and Scott are proven, successful leaders and have been with Ball for nearly John A. Hayes four decades in total. All three President and chief are excited about operating officer their new roles and remain focused on creating value for Ball and our shareholders. Also during 2009, Gerrit Heske was promoted to president of Ball Packaging Europe and Shawn M. Barker was promoted to vice president and controller Raymond J. of the corporation. They bring extenSeabrook sive industry experience and technical Executive vice knowledge to their new positions that president and chief operating officer, will help us continue to get closer to global packaging customers and to operations operate effectively in continually changing environments. In January 2010, Michael L. Hranicka was named president of our metal beverage packaging, Americas, business. Michael's disciplined approach and drive to create value Scott C. Morrison will serve the corporation well. Senior vice president, We expect these management chief financial officer changes to result in continued strong and treasurer performance. The smooth transitions will benefit our shareholders and our company, and allow us to remain focused on the execution of our strategy. While the wider economic environment remains fragile, the direction of this company and our employees has never been more clear. The Passing of John W. Fisher John W. Fisher, one of the giants in the history of Ball Corporation, died in June at the age of 93. John joined Ball in 1941 as a trainee. He retired as CEO in January 1981 and as chairman of the board in April 1986, having worked for the company for 45 years and been a member of its board for 43 years. He held the honorary title of chairman of the board emeritus following his retirement, and continued to be a strong supporter of Ball Corporation until his death.

John was largely responsible for Ball entering the metal beverage container business, today our company's largest product line. He also believed in our aerospace business, and in its early years championed its growth rather than its sale ­ a decision that has benefited the company and its shareholders for decades. And John led the successful transition of Ball from a private, family owned company to a publicly held corporation ­ a catalyst for Ball's continued evolution and growth. John W. Fisher John Fisher led and loved 1915-2009 Ball Corporation. His influence remains an important part of our company, and his contributions over more than six decades helped make Ball what it is today. Our Focus in 2010 2009 was an exceptional year for Ball Corporation. We took steps to strengthen our business through acquisition and through selective reconfiguration and rationalization. We built on our solid financial foundation during a global economic downturn. And we chose experienced and talented leaders within our company, people who personify the Ball culture and understand our strategy, our markets and our businesses, to take increased roles in shaping our future. We expect to gain further this year from actions we took in 2009. No one knows exactly when the economic recession will end, but we are operating under the assumption that it will continue well into the year. If it ends earlier, then we should realize additional benefits. We remain focused in 2010 on generating free cash flow, and carefully deploying it in ways that earn a valuecreating return for our shareholders. As Ball continues into its 130th year, our company's management and our employees around the world are dedicated to the continued success of your company.

R. David Hoover Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Ball Corporation 2009 Annual Report 5

