                                        Ball Corporation 2002 Annual Report Message to Our Shareholders
For Ball Corporation, 2002 was a memo- rable and rewarding year. We completed the largest international expansion in company history. Our aerospace and technologies segment was awarded its largest contract ever. We generated more than $290 million in free cash flow.
We financed our European acquisition and restructured our debt on extremely favorable terms. We split our stock.
We expanded our food can and plastic container operations, began serving an important new beverage can customer and continued the successful restructuring of our China packaging operations.
Our stock returned nearly 46 percent to shareholders in price appreciation
and dividends. Our market capitalization grew from just over $2 billion to more than $2.9 billion. On a pro forma basis with the sales of our European acquisition included for a full year, we grew from a company with $3.7 billion in sales to
one with approximately $5 billion. And those are just some of the
highlights of our 122nd year that was memorable for what was achieved but even more significant for what it portends, as we are very positive about the future prospects for our company.
Ball Packaging Europe Formed
We spent much of the year pursuing our acquisition of Schmalbach-Lubeca AG,
the second largest manufacturer of beverage cans in Europe. We concluded the approximately €925 million acquisi- tion on December 19 and expect it to earn more than its cost of capital and
to be accretive to our 2003 earnings
per share by at least 15 percent.
We named this acquired business Ball Packaging Europe. It consists of 12 manufacturing plants in five European countries as well as its headquarters and R&D center
in Germany. The plants are efficient and well maintained
and produce more than 12 bil- lion cans and ends annually. The manufacturing technology is
state of the art. The management team and employees are skilled can manufacturers who are among the best in the world at producing two-piece steel beverage cans.
The acquisition is in our largest product line and probably makes Ball the largest manufacturer of beverage cans in the world, though we mean
it when we say we are more interested in being the best than we are in being the biggest. It provides geographic diversity to our sales mix, which had been more than 95 percent in North America but going forward is expected to be 73 percent in North America and more than 24 percent in Europe.
R. David Hoover
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
 1

                                         2
“ Opportunities for growth in our packaging segment never cease to amaze. Efficient, attrac- tive, safe packaging for beverages and foods will always be in demand. Imagine consumer thirst for water in single-serve bottles growing at double digits year after year. Our customers did and it’s happening. Our goal is to be so close to our current and poten- tial customers that when growth trends start to emerge, we are there with packages that don’t just ride the trend, they help propel it.”
Leon A. Midgett
Executive vice president and chief operating officer, packaging
Europe is the second largest market for beverage cans behind North America.
We had been exploring opportunities to compete there on a meaningful scale and at an attractive price. This acquisition has both of those qualities. We expect very positive results for Ball Packaging Europe and believe we can benefit those operations and our core North American metal packaging operations by sharing best practices across our system.
Growth Initiatives
While Ball Packaging Europe was our largest expansion in 2002, there were numerous others as we continue to take advantage of ways to grow in what is often characterized as a slow growth business.
In Milwaukee, we installed perhaps the fastest, largest and almost certainly the most modern two-piece steel food can line in the world. This line went into a metal beverage can plant, meaning we will be producing both products in the same facility, spreading our costs and improving efficiencies. The new line and other changes in our metal food can operations allowed a major customer of food cans
to partially exit the self-manufacture of its own cans. We grew our food can business without adding additional net capacity to a mature industry.
Our PET plastic container operations experienced continued growth without adding new facilities. Instead we installed four new lines within our existing plant system, increasing our manufacturing capacity from 4.2 billion containers annually to 5.3 billion, all to help meet the double digit growth in demand for these containers, particularly from soft drink and water companies.
In North American metal beverage containers, we began our joint venture with Coors Brewing Company to supply essentially all of Coors’ aluminum cans. Under this unique, long-term arrange- ment, we are the operating partner of a can and an end plant owned by the joint venture and dedicated exclusively to Coors, and we reconfigured our Wallkill, New York, beverage can plant to produce an additional billion cans a year there
for Coors’ filling operation in Virginia.
James Webb Space Telescope
Our aerospace and technologies segment expanded to meet the many opportunities available to us in space and earth science and defense. The contract we won to provide the primary mirror system that is integral to the James Webb Space Tele- scope is for more than $200 million over several years, leading up to the scheduled launch of the instrument in 2010. This
Ball Corporation 2002 Annual Report

                                        Ball Corporation 2002 Annual Report
important contract built upon our long history, beginning in 1978, of successful involvement with the Hubble Space Telescope. We not only designed and built the instrument that fixed Hubble’s once flawed optics, at the completion of the next Hubble servicing mission, scheduled in 2005, all of the scientific instruments then aboard Hubble
will have been built by Ball.
We had record sales and earnings
in aerospace and technologies and finished the year with a backlog of $497 million. We have refined our focus to our core capabilities and markets. Our remote sensing systems and solutions are used
to collect and interpret information to support national missions and scientific discovery, and geopolitical and national events are moving markets toward our core competencies. The future for this segment of our business is very bright.
Achieving Our Goals
In fact, the future for all of our operations appears bright. Our goal is to increase earn- ings per share an average of between 10 and 15 percent per year. With the addition of Ball Packaging Europe to our results in 2003, we expect an additional 15 percent on top of our annual growth goal.
These are lofty expectations, but we believe they are achievable and we will do our best.
In this era of renewed emphasis on corporate responsibility and corporate accountability, we will continue to manage, account for and report on our businesses with openness and honesty, just as we have throughout our long history. We have many assets – great people, modern facilities, world-class customers and suppliers – but there is nothing
more valuable to us than our good name. Ball Corporation and the Ball name have been associated with quality products, good service, honesty, respect for the individual and with real value for a
long, long time. That will not change. We appreciate the trust investors have
placed in us and are happy that our results have been rewarding that trust. We appreciate our business with a wonderful group of customers who also place their trust in us by putting their products in our containers and their scientific dreams and most difficult technical challenges into the hands of Ball employees. And we appreciate our employees – all 12,635 of them – who are relentless in their deter- mination to make their product and their service something special and to make Ball Corporation something unique.
R. David Hoover
Chairman, president and chief executive officer
"I think I can speak
for everyone in Ball Packaging Europe when I say we are pleased and excited to be a
part of Ball Corporation. Packaging products are what we are about.
We are world-class beverage can manufac- turers. For us to be a part of Ball Corporation, with its long history
in packaging and its wealth of can manufac- turing knowledge and experience, is a perfect fit for us and for Ball."
Hanno C. Fiedler
Executive vice president and chairman and chief executive officer, Ball Packaging Europe
  3
