               2013 Letter to Our Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder,
A few years ago, we took a fresh look at how our business and the overall market would look 10 years in the future. Based on those insights, we developed and introduced Drive for 10, a vision to achieve continued success over the long term and to ensure that Ball Corporation thrives for another 130-plus years.
The Drive for 10 vision, coupled with the hard work and dedication of our 14,500 employees worldwide, led to solid 2013 results, which included net sales of $8.5 billion, comparable net earnings attributable to the company
of $490 million and free cash flow of $461 million. Ball’s comparable full-year diluted earnings per share increased by 7.2 percent compared to 2012, while generating positive EVA® (economic value added) dollars and creating value for our shareholders. Though the challenges of the global economy remain relatively unchanged, Ball continues to adapt and execute – generating a total return for
our shareholders of 16.8 percent last year.
In 2013, we continued to focus on “what is important” and excelled in the key areas that will ensure we can deliver our Drive for 10 vision:
• Customer Focus
• Operational Excellence
• Innovation and Business Development • People and Culture Focus
• Sustainability
Strategic Partnerships
with Our Customers
As always, Ball’s strategic customer partnerships influenced the company’s 2013 performance. Our people constantly work with our customers’ innovation, marketing, branding, channel delivery, procurement and supply chain teams
to understand their businesses and consumer demand, as well as the challenges and trends they are seeing, so that we can develop solutions to help them achieve success in the marketplace.
This focus on developing more collaborative, rather than transactional relationships allowed us to be more streamlined and to move more quickly
to meet customer requirements. A few fruits of our labor included: six of the seven top craft brewers in cans are using or moving to Ball aluminum beverage cans; developing several unique metal can innovations for key customers to enhance the enjoyment or positioning of their products; and achieving increased customer satisfaction scores on the biennial customer satisfaction surveys for our metal beverage, food and household and aerospace businesses.
Additionally, MillerCoors named Ball Innovator of the Year, Boeing named Ball Aerospace as Supplier of the Year and Brasil Kirin named our Brazilian joint venture, Latapack-Ball, as supplier of choice.
John A. Hayes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
“ Though the challenges of the global economy remain relatively unchanged, Ball continues to adapt and execute – generating a total return for our shareholders of 16.8 percent last year.”
  1

             Continued Focus on
Operational Excellence
Another key driver of Ball’s 2013 results was our ongoing focus on operational excellence. We understand that we must be the most competitive on cost, and have the highest quality and best customer service in all of our markets. This includes the ongoing alignment of
standard 12-ounce production lines to specialty can production, ceased the production of standard beverage cans in Milwaukee, Wis., and started up a second beverage can production line in our Alagoinhas, Brazil, plant. In China, Ball also relocated beverage can and end equipment from the Shenzhen plant to our existing Foshan plant, making it
  supply with demand, improving manufac- turing efficiencies and product mix, strong program performance in our aerospace business, and optimal market positioning of our products and services.
Our metal beverage, food and house- hold products and aerospace businesses continued driving operational excellence in 2013. The transition we made into global product lines last year enables us to align more closely with our global customers and better serve them through shared best practices, as well as improved and more efficient technologies.
In 2013, industry volumes for standard 12-ounce beverage cans declined in the Americas, while demand for our specialty beverage packaging continued to increase. To better align our supply with market demand, we converted two of our
a four-line can plant and the largest in Asia. We completed the move of our European metal beverage packaging headquarters to Zurich, Switzerland, and announced the consolidation of our regional administrative offices, which will allow us to increase our operational efficiencies even further.
In our food and household products packaging business, solid performance across all product lines and continued growth in global metal aerosol packaging drove improved results. In our continued efforts to maximize efficiencies and aggressively manage our asset base, Ball ceased production at its Elgin, Ill., metal food and household products packaging manufacturing plant and announced the 2014 closure of our Danville, Ill., plant, which produces steel
    2
In 2013, Ball began production on the second beverage can line in its joint venture plant in Alagoinhas, Brazil. The Brazilian beverage can market continues to grow and the second line, which is capable of making several different sizes, will help meet ongoing customer and consumer demand.
Ball Aerospace is the prime contractor and principal investigator for NASA’s Green Propellant Infusion Mission. GPIM is a project for NASA’s Technology Mission Demonstration program managed by NASA’s Space Technology Mission Directorate.
The primary purpose of the mission is to demonstrate the viability of an alternative propulsion system for spacecraft other than hydrazine by flying a “green” propulsion system on a Ball-built small satellite.

                           aerosol cans and ends. By year-end 2014, we will redeploy these manufacturing assets across the North American system and continue to supply our existing customers. To leverage growth in other areas of the segment, we completed the installation of another impact extruded aluminum aerosol production line in our Mexican facility.
solid contracted backlog of $938 million. Because Ball Aerospace plays a vital role on many of the most critical U.S. civil and defense programs, our investments in manufacturing and our commitment to continued excellence in program perfor- mance position us as the most affordable and high-quality option for government agencies and to meet customer mission
  Our aerospace and technologies business kicked off the year with the completion of an advanced satellite manufacturing center, which more than doubles our spacecraft production capability. The 90,000-square-foot expansion can accommodate larger and more sophisticated satellites and simultaneous spacecraft builds to fulfill new government contracts for space-related assets. Though the U.S. budget sequestration and subsequent
needs for decades to come.
Innovation & Business Development Spur Growth, New Opportunities Though business conditions remain somewhat challenging, we are finding pockets of growth across Ball through our innovation and business develop- ment efforts. In our beverage and food and household products packaging businesses, we launched numerous
new products and printing technologies in 2013. Ball’s Alumi-Tek® bottle remained
 government
shutdownBALL’s CONaTRcAuCsTtoEmD er favorite, as several new craft
 EVA® DOLLARS* GENERATED BY
DRIVE FOR 10 IN 2013:
$149.3 M
EVA®
ness in the1 latter part of
2013, we ended
the year with a
AEROSPACE SEGMENT
affected our beer, fruit drink and energy drink cus-
aerospace busi-
tomers added it to their offerings. In Brazil, with the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics, we anticipate increasing demand, and are well positioned with assorted can sizes to meet customer and
BACKLOG AT THE END
OF 2012:
$
B
DynamarkTM, Ball’s newly developed variable printing technology, can be integrated into the existing printing process for all sizes
of steel and aluminum cans. By enabling
up to 24 different monochromatic graphic elements to be added to a defined vacant area of, or supplemental to, the basic can design during the same production run, Dynamark can incorporate logos, icons or individualized messages into the
can appearance.
 3
*EVA® returns above 9% after tax

             consumer needs. Additionally, we have developed new printing capabilities, which are increasingly important to customers seeking ways to set themselves apart with more specialized, personalized and engaging packages.
In our aerospace business, we became a prime contractor on the TASER (Total Application Services
Our People, Our Culture
Make Up Who We Are
At Ball, we strive to employ the best people and to provide them with the support, rewards and growth opportuni- ties needed to thrive. We made great strides toward becoming an employer of choice in our industries and in our global communities this year. For example,
  Enterprise Requirements) program for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). This program provides high-end mission analysis, systems and software engineering, integration and
IT services, for the NGA. Ball Aerospace also won a contract from the Korea Aerospace Research Institute (KARI)
to build the Geostationary Environment Monitoring Spectrometer (GEMS) for
the National Institute of Environmental Research in the Ministry of Environment of South Korea. With our focus on strategic growth opportunities, these contracts expand the geographic and customer footprint of Ball’s intelligence and information services business,
as well as its instruments and sensors business.
Ball Aerospace was recognized as one of the top 150 workplaces in the U.S., and Latapack-Ball earned one of the 150 best places to work in Brazil and one of the 150 best companies in people management practices.
In September, we celebrated Ball’s culture through our first ever Who We Are Month. As a key component of Drive for 10, “who we are” is important for us to highlight our culture and people, as well as our core values
of integrity, being close to customers, behaving like owners, attention to detail and innovation.
Sustainability Continues to Contribute to Our Vision
The careful balance of our economic, environmental and social impacts is
    4
In 2013, the Korea Aerospace Research Institute awarded Ball Aerospace a contract to build the Geostationary Environment Monitoring Spectrometer for the National Institute of Environmental Research in the Ministry of Environment of South Korea. GEMS is a geostationary scanning ultraviolet- visible spectrometer designed to monitor trans-boundary pollution events for the Korean peninsula and Asia-Pacific region. Ball Aerospace and KARI will design, fabricate and test GEMS, which is manifested on KARI’s GEO-KOMPSAT-2B geostationary satellite for a 2018 launch.
Around the globe, Ball manufactures steel and aluminum aerosol packaging that can be filled with a diverse range of products. We are North America’s largest producer of 3-piece steel aerosol cans, Europe’s leading supplier of extruded aluminum aerosol cans and the world’s largest producer of aluminum slugs (disks that are later extruded into cans and bottles).
 
                another key to Ball’s enduring success. In 2013, we made considerable progress in our triple bottom line approach to sustainability, and to Ball becoming a more successful and sustainable enterprise. In May, we released updated sustainability data, which revealed, among other achievements: a 5 percent increase in energy efficiency in our
weighting our containers and our support of packaging recycling programs in major markets also contribute significantly
to further reduce the environmental footprint of our products. In September, Ball earned its place on the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index, an important recognition for us as the most sustainable company in the containers
  global metal packaging businesses between 2010 and 2012, resulting in substantial progress toward our 2015 goal of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by 10 percent compared to a 2010 baseline. At year-end 2013, more than half of Ball’s global manufacturing plants had achieved zero waste to landfill status. Additionally, our 2013 total recordable incident rate dropped to
1.6, which is significantly lower than that of other can manufacturers and
and packaging industry.
During the year, we also amended and
extended our senior credit facility and issued $1 billion of senior notes due in 2023 at a four percent interest rate, which provides the company with a competitive, long-term capital structure while increasing its financial flexibility and creating greater shareholder value. Our capital structure is in excellent shape and is a key part of our economic sustainability going forward.
Ball strives to enrich the communities
 the entire industry as
SHAREHOLDERS WITH A BY BALL IN 20B11:LL reported by the programs and civic initiatives that
 OVER THE PAST 3 YEARS,
BALL REDUCED ENERGY USE PER CAN PRODUCED BY:
7%*
manufactDuUrRiInNGgTHE PAwSTh1e0rYeEAwReS live and worAkMbOyUdNoTnOaFtiCnOgMPANY
BALL STOCK PRmOoVInDeEDy and time to supSpToOrCt KorRgEaPnUizRaCtHioAnSsE,D
 TOTAL RETURN OF:
U.S. Bureau of advance sustainable livelihoods. Labor Statistics. Throughout 2013, after several of
$
548 474 M
ou Ball’s ongoing communities experienced devastating
r focus on light- tornadoes and floods, the Ball
%
    5
As one of the largest metal beverage packaging manufacturers in China, Ball is well positioned to continue serving the growing Asian beverage can market.
A packaging staple for consumers since the 1960s, the versatile aluminum beverage can continues to evolve. Thanks to its persistent focus on innovation, Ball is continually developing industry-leading packaging solutions that help build our customers’ brands.
*Includes all beverage, food and household products businesses.

               Foundation disciplined, approach to growing our
 BALL WILL ISSUE ITS
FOURTH SUSTAINABILITY REPORT IN 2014:
VOL.4
OVER PAST 3 YEARS,
DURING THE PAST 10 YEARS
committed company. With good momentum as we
 BALL HAS REDUCED
BALL STOCK PROVIDED
more than start 2014, we are confident in Ball’s
ENERGY USE BY
SHAREHOLDERS WITH A
$1.1 million future and in our ability to achieve
11 PERCENT:
TOTAL RETURN OF 548%:
to nonprofit our long-term 10 to 15 percent diluted
11% 548%
organizations earnings per share growth goal in 2014
assisting with and beyond. In all of our operations
disaster relief, throughout the world, Ball employees recovery and preparedness efforts. know “who we are,” “where we are going”
 During the company’s annual giving campaign in the fall, Ball and its U.S. and Canadian employees also contributed more than $1.4 million and more than 2,400 volunteer hours to nonprofit organizations. We are proud that our company and our employees make a difference in the communities where
we live and operate.
The Future is in Our Control
Our ongoing focus on the execution of Ball’s Drive for 10 vision, our strategic growth investments and our employees’ commitment led to our solid 2013 perfor- mance. While we remain grounded in the values and practices that have helped Ball thrive since 1880, we understand today’s dynamic global marketplace and the need for a proactive, yet financially
and “what is important.” We are excited about the opportunities that 2014 brings and look forward to creating value for our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and communities well into the future. The disciplined management of our business, and our global team’s laser-like focus on Drive for 10, position Ball for success in 2014 and beyond.
Best regards,
John A. Hayes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    6
In 2013, Ball introduced its Matte & Gloss printing process, also called Silk & Shine, which enables customers to combine the two finishes on the same can. This new printing capability helps differentiate and enhance
a product’s shelf appeal through sight and touch. Matte & Gloss can be applied to any design or color for a contrast effect where the gloss reflects light and the matte offers a subdued soft look.
In September, we celebrated Ball’s culture through our first ever Who We Are Month. As a key component of Drive for 10, “who we are” is important for us to highlight our culture and people, as well as our core values of integrity, being close to customers, behaving like owners, attention to detail and innovation. Who We Are Month is an opportunity for everyone to share the pride we have for
our company, our teams and our work.
