2014 Letter to Our Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholder, Ball Corporation’s 2014 financial results were among the best in our company’s 135-year history, fueled by the diligent focus
of our 14,500 employees on Drive for 10 – our common vision to achieve continued success for Ball and all of our stakeholders over the long term.
Ball Corporation 2014 Annual Report
                2
Overall, we executed well and yielded excellent results, including comparable net earnings attributable to the company of $552.8 million and free cash flow in excess of $620 million. Ball’s comparable full-year diluted earnings per share increased by 18 percent compared to 2013, while increasing our EVA® (economic value added) dollars by
28 percent and creating value for our shareholders. We made much progress in the ongoing environment of limited growth, increasing cost pressures and other challenges, some anticipated others not, by focusing on what was in our control, and generated a total return for our shareholders of 33 percent last year.
In 2014, we continued to focus on “where we are going” and each of the five levers to grow our business and achieve the long-term success we all desire:
• Maximizing value in our existing businesses
• Expanding into new products and capabilities
• Aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets
• Broadening our geographic reach
• Leveraging our know-how and technological expertise to provide a competitive advantage
Maximizing value in
our existing businesses
By aligning our supply with demand, ensuring our manufacturing and business processes are as efficient as possible, improving our customer and product mix, and successfully positioning our products in the marketplace, we are able to maximize value in our packaging and aerospace businesses.
In our packaging businesses, the 2012 transition into global product
lines is yielding significant benefits as anticipated. Through greater collaboration and best practices sharing in all areas of the business, we are now better
able to align to serve our customers’ ever-evolving needs.
In our beverage packaging business, with specialty cans now making up more than 27 percent of Ball’s global beverage can mix, we continue to align supply with market demand in this key growth segment by making additional specialty can investments in North America, Europe, Brazil and Asia. In Europe, the cost reduction program we began in 2013 is meeting expectations and positions us well for the future.
In our food and household products packaging business, global aerosol
John A. Hayes
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
  2

                                                                                                                                                                      3
Ball Corporation 2014 Annual Report
    A
  A. In 2014, Ball installed a new production line for extruded aluminum aerosol cans in its DeForest, Wisconsin, manufacturing facility. The line is expected to begin production in the first half of 2015.
   $620 MILLION
Free cash flow exceeded $620 million in 2014. Share buybacks continued to be in the range of $360 million. CapEx ended the year around $390 million. Ball’s comparable diluted earnings per share were $3.88 versus last year’s $3.28.
    packaging continued to perform well, which balanced weaker food can volumes and service center manufacturing inefficiencies in the U.S. To match
can supply with future customer requirements, we ceased operations
at our Danville, Ill., steel aerosol manufacturing plant, and reduced steel food can production and the workforce at our Oakdale, Calif., facility toward the end of 2014. As strong demand for aerosol containers and other value-added products continues, we will continue to initiate investments in Europe, India
and North America.
Our aerospace and technologies business began 2014 by handing off operational control of the Space Test Program Satellite-3 (STPSat-3) ahead
of schedule to the U.S. Air Force, as
the spacecraft began its technology demonstration mission. We also completed integration and environmental testing
of WorldView-3, the first multi-payload, super-spectral, high-resolution commercial satellite for Earth
observations and advanced geospatial data built for DigitalGlobe, which successfully launched from California’s Vandenberg Air Force Base in August and, as anticipated, is getting impressive results. Despite U.S. government budget challenges and a turbulent election cycle, our aerospace business remained focused on solid program execution and exceeded expectations. We ended the year with a contracted backlog of $765 million, an anticipated year-over-year reduction as we await the results of in-process program bids. The business continues
to leverage its existing capabilities and position itself for commercial and other growth projects in the future.
Sustainability also remains at the
core of maximizing value in our existing businesses. Our sustainability vision is
to balance the economic, environmental and social impacts of our products and operations in our decision-making process to create long-term value for
all of our stakeholders. We have set aggressive goals in the areas of innovation,
  *Applies to our most common beverage can formats per region.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 BC
B Ba al ll l C Co or rp po or ra at ti io on n 2 20 01 14 4 A An nn nu ua al l R Re ep po or r t t
       operations, talent management, diversity and inclusion, recycling, supply chain and community. In fact, our commitment to sustainability has never been stronger due to the value it creates, including greater customer satisfaction, enhanced employee engagement and improved financial results. We are proud that
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index again recognized Ball as the leading packaging company on the North America and World indexes with a Gold Class Rating. Additionally, Newsweek and leading sustainability experts ranked Ball third among the 500 largest U.S. companies for our overall environmental performance.
Expanding into new
products and capabilities
To achieve our Drive for 10 vision, we must continue to stay closely aligned with global and regional customer needs and push the envelope on innovation.
For example, in 2014 we collaborated with a leading global beauty care brand to launch a lighter weight extruded aluminum can. To create this container, Ball uses a revolutionary metal technology, which utilizes recycled aluminum
to create a metal alloy that exhibits increased strength and allows lightweighting of the container without affecting package integrity. This
(NASA)
breakthrough technology allows Ball to lightweight its extruded aluminum aerosol packaging by as much as
10 percent, with further lightweighting expected in the future.
In today’s world, with increasingly diverse consumer desires, we provide packaging that helps our customers create new markets and occasions, differentiate their products on the shelf or on premise, drive volumes and build their brands. We are investing in second generation steel aerosol and aluminum beverage bottle technologies in North America, and continue to develop new specialty can formats in Europe and North America for emerging product categories such as wine and sparkling water. From Alumi-Tek® bottles and the CrowlerTM to our DynamarkTM variable printing technology and shaped aerosol cans using Ball’s state-of-the-art Matte
& Gloss printing technology, our pipeline is full in terms of the packaging options that can be developed to meet the ongoing need for variety and customization.
In our dynamic aerospace and defense business, as part of the Semi-Autonomous Motorcar (SAM) project team, we developed the technologies, algorithms and techniques to enable injured IndyCar® driver Sam Schmidt, and others who are injured
or who are encumbered by other
  B. Ball continues to focus on
the development of innovative specialty can formats, including its Alumi-Tek® aluminum bottles, to serve customer and consumer needs for differentiation and variety. These formats are also ideal for product categories such as sparkling water and energy drinks.
C. Ball Aerospace provided the phased array antennas and flight test cameras to prime contractor Lockheed Martin for Orion’s Exploration Flight Test-1, an unmanned test flight that launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida,
in December.
     4
 4
*EVA® returns above 9% after tax.

                                                      5
Ball Corporation 2014 Annual Report
     D
E
   D. For the SAM project, the Ball Aerospace engineering team equipped a specially modified Corvette C7 Stingray with Ball-designed human-machine interface technology, which enabled former IndyCar racer Sam Schmidt to drive for the first time since his accident
14 years ago.
E. In 2014, Ball announced plans to build a one-line beverage can manufacturing plant in Myanmar, which will complement the company’s existing operations in Southeast Asia and will meet the region’s growing demand for beverage containers.
       Whether our customers and consumers crave smaller portion sizes, large shareable sizes, the next generation of sprayable lotions and deodorants, or the most advanced Earth imagery currently available for commercial applications, Ball is at
the ready to collaborate on solutions to help them successfully deliver.
    limitations, to better interface with their environment. SAM is part of a wider effort to explore man-machine teaming approaches that range from fully autonomous systems with no human input to minimally autonomous systems with primarily human inputs. Beyond empowering disabled people, these capabilities have both commercial and government applications.
Aligning ourselves with
the right customers and markets
Our focus on strategic customer relationships greatly influenced Ball’s 2014 performance. Our employees continued their efforts to get close to customers in order to better understand their businesses and the challenges they face. Whether our customers and consumers crave smaller portion
sizes, large shareable sizes, the next generation of sprayable lotions and deodorants, or the most advanced Earth imagery currently available for
commercial applications, Ball is at the ready to collaborate on solutions to help them successfully deliver.
As a result of this emphasis on customer relationships, we maintained high customer satisfaction scores on our 2014 customer satisfaction surveys for our metal beverage, food and household and aerospace businesses. For the second consecutive year, Ball Aerospace was chosen as a Supplier of the Year by The Boeing Company for avionics from
a group of 14,000 active suppliers in
16 categories from 50 countries around the globe. Also for the second year in
a row, MillerCoors chose our Findlay, Ohio, plant as its Packaging Materials Most Valuable Plant of the Year, recognizing the plant’s contributions
in quality, service, competitive cost, safety, corporate responsibility and innovation. We also received the Unilever Partner to Win Award for Winning Capacity and Capability Building for investing in our global
 
                                                                                                                                                                          B Ba al ll l C Co or rp po or ra at ti io on n 2 20 01 14 4 A An nn nu ua al l R Re ep po or r t t
     F
facilities to support Unilever’s growing needs, and the Certified Supplier award from Sherwin-Williams for achieving the highest level of excellence in meeting its Purchasing Center of Excellence Supplier Performance Criteria.
Additionally on the aerospace side,
to meet increasing customer demand for bandwidth, Ball began work as the prime contractor for Laser LightTM Communications, LLC, on the first global, all-optical commercial satellite system. This space-based laser communication system will provide
a new way to move vast amounts of information around the globe efficiently and with greater resiliency. We also partnered with OmniEarth, a start-up that is developing a constellation of small satellites leveraging Ball’s instrument heritage.
Broadening our geographic reach
During 2014, Ball announced expansion plans to meet our customers’ needs within our current geographic footprint and in growth regions. We are
adding beverage capacity at our Oss, Netherlands, facility to strengthen Ball’s position as a logistical hub for
our business in the Benelux region and throughout Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. We also began construction on a beverage can plant in Myanmar,
Erik Bouts
Senior vice president,
Ball Corporation, and
chief operating officer, global metal beverage packaging
which is scheduled to begin production in 2016, and announced the construction of a new aluminum impact extruded aerosol facility in India. We expect
each of these projects to bring value
to our customers and shareholders, and will provide us with additional opportunities to leverage our customer relationships and technological skills
to capture growth in these and other emerging markets.
Leveraging our know-how
and technological expertise
One of Ball’s key differentiators is leveraging our technology and know-how for a competitive advantage. Our long-term perspective on technology, close customer relationships and
G
   F. Ball’s team in China is working diligently to leverage best practices from throughout the company
to maximize the existing asset base and help ensure operations are running as efficiently and effectively as possible.
G. Every year, Ball manufactures billions of two- and three-piece steel food cans in a variety of heights and diameters, using draw-redraw, drawn and ironed, and three-piece welding technologies.
                 6
 6

 7
Ball Corporation 2014 Annual Report
      H
I
J
    H. In addition to specialty packaging, many customers are opting for colorful, striking designs enabled by Ball’s high-definition printing technology. This newer technology makes design details stand out for enhanced shelf appeal.
I. Ball is the world’s largest producer of aluminum slugs, metal disks that are impact extruded to produce packaging for aerosol products ranging from body sprays, sun screens, hair sprays and more.
J. Lightweight, quickly chilled, easy to store, and completely and infinitely recyclable, metal beverage packaging is growing its share of the packaging mix in the beer category, particularly in Brazil, the U.S. and Europe.
          Our employees around the world are working together as
One Ball and will continue to seek new opportunities, control what we can control, operate with a sense of urgency and develop innovative ways to be more efficient, nimble and effective.
    innovative culture help us understand what technologies are needed and how we can apply our expertise to provide Ball with a competitive edge moving forward. For instance, to develop the previously mentioned second generation, shaped aluminum bottle, we applied technology and key learnings from the development of the Alumi-Tek® bottle that we introduced several years ago.
On the aerospace side, we are working with NASA and others in the industry
to develop a mission that utilizes green propellant as a nontoxic alternative to existing fuels.
Leveraging our expertise is also imperative in our ongoing sustainability efforts, particularly when it comes to our operations. We have tools in place to identify, evaluate and share best practices regarding safety, electricity, gas, water, waste and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) to communicate
best practices with the greatest impact so similar programs can be implemented at other plants.
Positioning ourselves for the future
As we move into our 135th year in 2015, we are confident that our commitment to Drive for 10 and our EVA® philosophy will help us navigate the opportunities and challenges in front of us. Our employees around the world are working together as One Ball and will continue to seek new opportunities, control what we can control, operate with a sense of urgency and develop innovative ways to be more efficient, nimble and effective. These practices have served us well since 1880 and will guide us as we maintain our persistent focus on creating value for our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and communities.
Best regards,
John A. Hayes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    On Feb. 19, 2015,
Ball announced an offer for Rexam PLC. For updates, visit: www.ball.com/investors
