Dear Shareholders:


Duane Ackerman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Five years into the new millennium, the communications industry is a world in progress. Today, BellSouth's direction is clear. BellSouth is continuing to take significant steps toward growth by repositioning our assets. In 2004, we sold our Latin America operations and, through Cingular, acquired AT&T Wireless. In 2005, the new Cingular completed its first full year of operation with good results, and we stepped up efforts to transform the narrowband infrastructure in our wireline company to broadband. And we're moving forward with the right assets and the right balance. Our financial results reflect our balanced approach. In 2005, we generated $3.3 billion in operating free cash flow and paid down $3.4 billion in debt. Over the last three years, we have increased our dividend by 45 percent to 29 cents per quarter, annualized to $1.16 per year.

AN INDUSTRY IN TRANSITION
Over the last decade, we have seen dramatic shifts in wireline and wireless technology, industry consolidation and regulatory progress. All of these forces have combined to create a new, highly competitive communications world where companies are migrating their wireline networks from narrowband to broadband, and more customers are migrating from wireline to wireless. · Today, more residential subscribers access the Internet with a broadband connection than with a narrowband dial-up connection. · Consumers are demanding broadband speeds reaching six megabits of data per second and beyond. · In the United States, 65 to 70 percent of people have at least one wireless device, and this number is growing. As customers and technology reshape the industry, communications players are consolidating. BellSouth participated in this consolidation through Cingular's acquisition of AT&T Wireless in 2004. In 2005, SBC Communications acquired AT&T, Verizon acquired MCI, and Sprint acquired Nextel. We know that as we look forward the competitive landscape will change, and BellSouth must rapidly adapt.

16

BellSouth Corporation

As the industry changes, we will continue to push for regulatory reform that acknowledges the new realities. In 2005, the industry made progress toward market-based competition. The FCC reduced broadband DSL regulation so that DSL providers can compete on even ground with cable modem service. Federal legislation on the horizon could significantly reduce U.S. government regulation of telecom services. A new policy debate is heating up in 2006 over the best way to ensure that consumers have an enhanced quality experience with high-bandwidth content. BellSouth believes that consumers should shape a market-based business model for enhanced quality content, not government regulation. Technology, the competitive landscape and regulation are bringing about a new communications world. In the face of these changes, BellSouth is approaching our business with greater clarity.

A STRONG ASSET MIX
We have simplified our portfolio to focus on three assets: Wireless, Wireline and Advertising & Publishing. In 2005, our reported revenues (from Wireline and Advertising & Publishing) were $20.5 billion. Our normalized revenues, including $13.5 billion from BellSouth's proportionate share of Cingular, were $34 billion. Wireless Forty percent of BellSouth's normalized revenues come from Cingular Wireless, the nation's largest wireless company, providing voice and data services to more than 54 million sub scribers. Cingular acquired AT&T Wireless in 2004. The integration of the two companies is on track and, in fact, it has exceeded everyone's expectations. In 2005, Cingular added more than 5 million subscribers during a year when many expected the company to be distracted by the integration activities. The company grew revenues 6.6 percent compared to pro forma 2004 revenues. Cingular significantly improved its margin in four short quarters by reducing customer churn, eliminating duplicate stores, improving customer service and beginning the process of modernizing its network. As the largest wireless player, Cingular is well-positioned to meet the growing demand for nextgeneration data services. The company is accelerating the build-out of its network and deploying advanced wireless technology in major markets across the country. The company has recently launched its new wireless broadband service in 16 markets, and plans to serve the majority of the top 100 U.S. markets by the end of 2006. Cingular's goals for the end of 2007 are clear: attain industry-leading results in customer growth, profitability, and reputation with customers. Achieving these goals will have a compounding effect on BellSouth's margin and earnings per share. Wireline In our wireline business, we have put our core business on a clear path to a broadband future. Network ­ We are increasing the speed of our wireline network by building on the investments we have made over the past two decades. Our goal is to deliver more bandwidth, better security and quality of service to our consumer and business customers. Throughout the year, customers have migrated to higher speeds of service and, in 2005, we initiated faster DSL Internet service with speeds up to six megabits per second (1) in certain markets. We also began testing speeds of up to 12 megabits per second (1) on our network. Our test results are positive, and we are upgrading the network so that 50 percent of our households will have access to speeds of 12 to 24 megabits(1) by the end of 2007. This translates into 70 percent of the households in our top 30 markets. Greater speeds open up possibilities for BellSouth to offer new higher bandwidth applications over our network such as voice over Internet protocol (VoIP), integrated wireless and wireline products, and video entertainment services. Consumer ­ Our consumer unit operates in an extremely competitive environment and has lost access line customers for the past few years due to wireless substitution and, to a lesser extent, competition from cable companies offering telephony and broadband Internet services. Consumer average revenue per customer grew as our customers bought more of their communication services from BellSouth, and BellSouth's consumer operations contributed to more than a 2 percent increase in revenues despite the decline in consumer access lines. At the same time, we are balancing our losses to wireless substitution with our stake in Cingular. In 2005, we added more wireless customers than we lost wireline customers.
(1)

Maximum downstream speed 2005 Annual Report 17

BellSouth competes effectively in this market by offering our customers competitively priced BellSouth Answers® packages that offer any distance voice, broadband DSL Internet service and video services from DIRECTV. DSL is one of the most important components of this package, and we have 2.9 million DSL subscribers, a 15 percent penetration of our retail access lines. Our goal is to increase DSL penetration to position BellSouth as the primary provider of high-speed Internet connection to the home. BellSouth remains committed to providing best-in-class customer service and a strong product portfolio to meet customer needs. Business ­ BellSouth serves businesses ranging from sole proprietor small businesses to large multi-national enterprises. In 2005, our small business segment gained access lines and grew revenues more than 6 percent by offering the right products, covering the market with strong channels and providing customers a valuable service proposition. Across the industry, the large business market has been under pressure for several years. In the latter half of 2005, we were encouraged by signs of volume stability and revenue improvement. We have strong customer relationships, and BellSouth is well-positioned to win in market segments such as healthcare, education, financial services and government. Advertising & Publishing Our yellow pages business connects the customer with the advertiser through both print and online products. A&P is an important cash and profit contributor that needs minimal capital. This group represents 6 percent of BellSouth's normalized revenues, 16 percent of our earnings and less than 1 percent of our capital expenditures. We expect continued growth as we reinforce the value of the print product while bringing more advertisers to our online products.

MOVING FORWARD
Communications is a world in transition ­ full of opportunity and uncertainty. BellSouth manages through the risk in our business every day ... from emerging and disruptive technology to large tradi tional and new competitors ... from outdated regulation to the next hurricane season. We balance this risk with a measured response to the market and technology changes. By realigning our assets toward the promise of industry growth, 75 percent of our revenue streams grew revenues year-over year during 2005. As a result, we enter 2006 with a strong balance sheet, strong cash flow, improving metrics, a competitive dividend and a share repurchase program. We continue to take great care to operate our business with integrity and in compliance with the law. During 2005, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we conducted a thorough assessment of the company's internal controls over financial reporting. We are pleased to confirm that these internal controls were effective at year-end. Also in 2005, we updated our code of conduct, "Our Values in Action." Our company is committed to our tradition of ethics and values a diverse and inclusive work environment. Before closing, I want to recognize the 2005 retirement of BellSouth's Chief Financial Officer Ron Dykes. Ron worked for BellSouth for 34 years and most notably served our company as CFO for the past 10 years. BellSouth's employees, customers and shareholders benefited from Ron's unwavering integrity and, most of all, his dedication to the company's financial return. We appreciate Ron's contributions and look forward to this continuing leadership from our new CFO, Pat Shannon. The 2005 hurricane season reminded us that communications services are not a luxury, but a lifeline. The worst hurricane season on record challenged BellSouth on every front. But the people of BellSouth answered that challenge with extraordinary commitment in 2005, and we remain committed to do so in the future. As I reflect on BellSouth, our direction is clear. We will continue to move your company into a broadband and wireless future with the right assets and the right balance.

Duane Ackerman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

18

BellSouth Corporation

