             A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  2
    Pictured:
Jeffrey H. Curler
President and
Chief Executive Officer
HIGHLIGHTS OF 2004:
• Achieved record net sales of $2.8 billion, a 7.6 percent increase from 2003
• Achieved record earnings per share of $1.67, a 21.9 percent improvement from 2003
• Recorded Flexible Packaging operating profit of 13.7 percent of net sales, an increase from an operating profit of 12.6 percent of net sales in 2003
• Recorded Pressure Sensitive Materials operating profit of 5.8 percent of net sales, substantially higher than the 2003 operating profit of 3.1 percent of net sales
• Invested $135 million in capital expenditures in 2004, reflecting expansion of European facilities and additional capacity for new technologies
• Completed the restructuring programs initiated in 2003, successfully improving sales mix in Flexible Packaging and capacity utilization in Pressure Sensitive Materials
• Expanded market position in Mexico with the joint venture acquisition of the flexible packaging assets of Masterpack, S.A. de C.V., a $35 million plastic packaging company in Tultitlán, Mexico
• Acquired a leading South American packaging company, Dixie Toga S.A., on January 5, 2005, increasing our participation in a rapidly growing and developing packaging market
Bemis Company, Inc. | 2004 Annual Report

                                     To our Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2004 was a year of solid sales and earnings growth for Bemis Company. We expanded our manufacturing capabilities in Europe and South America, and we introduced new products that strengthened both our Flexible Packaging and Pressure Sensitive Materials business segments. We experienced the benefits of our recently completed restructuring programs, which improved sales mix and reduced fixed costs. Raw material costs increased significantly this year, creating a challenging environment across the industry, but we successfully managed these increased costs while raising unit sales volume in both business segments. We worked closely with our customers to deliver the service, quality, and innovation they expect from Bemis. Thanks to a dedicated team of business leaders executing a proven business strategy, 2004 was a record year for both sales and earnings per share.
EXPANDING OUR GLOBAL CAPABILITIES
With operations in 11 countries around the world, we are truly a global company. We are increasing our manufacturing capabilities in markets where our focus on material science and innovation will benefit our customers and improve profitability. In 2004, we added proprietary, high performance film capabilities to our barrier film plant in Finland. We began the expansion of our production capacity in our shrink bag plant in Wales in order to meet increased demand for that product line. In 2005, we plan to enlarge and modernize our medical device packaging capacity in Northern Ireland. Overall, sales in our European operations increased in several key product markets during 2004, and we expect to continue gaining momentum and market share in 2005.
In May of 2004, we entered into a joint venture to acquire certain flexible packaging assets of Masterpak, S.A. de C.V., including a plant located in Tultitlán, Mexico. These assets produce flexible packaging for Mexico-based customers in dry foods, personal care, pharmaceuticals, confectionery, and bakery markets. While we continue to incur transition costs with this facility that are related to the difficult financial condition of the seller at the time of the acquisition, we expect this facility to ultimately be important to our market position in Mexico.
 3
   Bemis Company, Inc. | 2004 Annual Report

                                   4
 On January 5, 2005, we acquired the majority ownership of Dixie Toga, S.A., one of the largest packaging companies in South America. We have enjoyed a strong working relationship with the management of Dixie Toga since 1998, when Bemis and Dixie Toga began a flexible packaging joint venture in Brazil. In addition to this joint venture, Dixie Toga operates businesses involved in the production of laminated plastic tubes, thermoformed and injection molded containers, printed labels, and printed folding cartons. This highly profitable business is an excellent addition of modern facilities and management talent to the Bemis portfolio, and it expands our participation in the growing South American packaging market.
This expansion around the world does not replace the growth we expect from our North American operations. During 2004, the North American market continued to be our best packaging market as our customers sought to strengthen their product lines with innovative packaging solutions. We introduced new products and applications to nearly every market that we serve, and customers responded with new business and new product ideas. As we look toward the future, we recognize the capacity limitations we face as we meet the increasingly complex and growing needs of our global food and consumer product customers. As a result, we have planned broad capacity additions to our existing North American facilities in the coming year that will allow us to meet our growth objectives in 2006 and beyond.
PRESSURE SENSITIVE MATERIALS TURNAROUND
I am pleased to report that our pressure sensitive materials business is successfully capturing the benefits of our recently completed restructuring program and has implemented a marketing strategy that is building strong customer relationships and improving sales mix. We have introduced new products, and we have combined the research talent of both business segments in order to promote a greater exchange of ideas and solutions. With these resources at hand, we will continue to focus on the applications of material science to further develop our broad offering of high performance products for each of the label, graphics, and technical product markets.
   Bemis Company, Inc. | 2004 Annual Report

                                   BUSINESS OUTLOOK
We continue to focus our efforts on achieving our long-term goals of consistent growth in earnings per share and cash flow, improved return on capital ratios, and the maintenance of a strong balance sheet, to maximize our financial flexibility. We carefully evaluate acquisition opportunities to identify those that will provide us with key technologies, access to new markets, or a platform from which to build our expertise. We are dedicated to a business strategy that uses technology to create a competitive advantage in the market, manufacturing excellence to control costs, and customer focus to deliver value to our customers.
On February 4, 2005, the Board of Directors approved a 13 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend payable in 2005. This marks the 22nd consecutive annual increase in our dividend payment and is an integral part of the value that we deliver to our shareholders.
In May of 2005, John Roe will retire as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bemis Company, Inc., a position he has held since 1996. John’s practical approach to business and compassionate stewardship of Bemis’ assets and employee talent has created an environment of progressive, entrepreneurial energy at Bemis that motivates each of us to achieve our maximum potential. We thank him for his leadership and his many contributions to our success.
 We are grateful for the hard work and dedication of nearly 12,000 employees and welcome those who have recently joined the Bemis team. Their devotion to innovation and operating excellence makes Bemis a world-class organization. We thank all of them for their efforts. We also thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support and confidence.
 Jeffrey H. Curler
President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
   Bemis Company, Inc. | 2004 Annual Report
