LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
HIGHLIGHTS OF 2 013
• Adjusted earnings per share increased to a record $2.28,
a 6 percent improvement over 2012.
• Gross margins improved to 19.3 percent of net sales from 18.4 percent in 2012.
• The quarterly dividend paid to shareholders increased by 4 percent in 2013, and by 4 percent in 2014, our 31st consecutive annual increase.
• We repurchased 2 million Bemis common shares for $77 million.
• We completed the facility consolidation program started in 2011.
• We expanded our footprint in the Asia-Pacific region with an investment in an extrusion facility in China.
• We completed the sale of our Clysar thin gauge shrink film plant.
   02 | Bemis Annual Report 2013
     
As we enter 2014, we are well positioned to benefit from current market opportunities. After several years of optimizing our footprint, our efforts will now be dedicated to growth initiatives. Our growth strategy focuses on the increasing demand for high barrier packaging solutions for liquids and perishable products, the complex packaging needs of the medical device and pharmaceutical industries, and the expanding consumer need for safe and convenient food packaging in the Latin American and Asia-Pacific regions.
effort on business in which we have a measurable competitive advantage and unique expertise.
With the majority of that effort behind us, we expect the growth of our value-added packaging structures to become evident in our future sales and profit performance metrics.
“
We have expanded our production capabilities in China in order to better serve the growing consumer demand related to convenience packaging and food safety. Our small market position in this region offers substantial opportunities for Bemis to participate in the growth of medium and high barrier packaging and film applications for which our technology provides a competitive advantage in
the industry.
In addition to protecting food safety, our unique film structures satisfy the stringent packaging requirements of the medical and pharmaceutical industries by providing tamper- evident yet easy to open features while maintaining sterility. Demand for sterile packaging for sensitive medical applications will continue to grow, reflecting the advancements in biomedical applications
and the modernization of the pharmaceutical delivery methods.
We also intend to increase our capital investments by as much as fifty percent in 2014. Our investments reflect our need for increased capacity for liquid packaging structures, the enhancement of our medical and pharmaceutical packaging capabilities, and the expansion of our sealant and protective film extrusion platform in Asia. We are keenly focused on these areas of growth to improve our operating profit metrics and increase returns on invested capital.
 Over the past three years, we have
completed the integration of the largest
acquisition in our history, increasing net
sales by 40 percent and consolidating our
footprint with the closure of nine plants.
We have invested in technology and
capacity that supports the conversion of
products from packaging formats such
as metal cans and glass jars to flexible pouches and thermoformed cups, improving sustainability and efficiency throughout our customers’ product distribution systems.
Our optimized manufacturing footprint in the Americas supports recent market trends that favor fresh and organic foods with fewer preservatives which rely on high barrier packaging to achieve the extended shelf life that consumers demand. During 2013, sales growth in our value-added barrier packaging applications for refrigerated foods and other perishable products was offset by our reduced exposure to more competitive, low margin packaging applications. The result was improved sales mix through which we expect to achieve higher operating profit margins. We have also sold non-core manufacturing operations in favor of focusing our
After several
years of optimizing
our footprint, our efforts
will now be dedicated
to growth initiatives.”
  2013 Bemis Annual Report | 03
     
At Bemis, we use our expertise in polymer chemistry and process engineering to develop film platforms that outperform other structures, extend shelf life, and improve the sustainability of the food distribution process. Our investments in talent and technology will power our new product pipeline well into the future, driving the evolution of our product portfolio while supporting progressive consumer trends in food consumption.
dedication to Bemis Company, and we would like to express our appreciation for his many contributions to our success.
As shown on the cover of this year’s annual report, we recently introduced our third logo in our 155 year history. Our new logo reflects the complexities of science alongside the consistency of quality and excellence. It offers a sense of growth, prosperity,
“
flexibility, and yet, stability and reliability; a representation of Bemis today and our direction for the future.
This is a great time to be at Bemis. With our near-term market opportunities, global capabilities, and expanding innovation pipeline, our growth prospects are numerous. Our ability to capitalize on these opportunities is dependent upon the talent and effort of more than 19,000 Bemis employees who share our goals for growth in 2014
and beyond. On behalf of all of our employees around the world, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support and confidence.
Henry J. Theisen
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
 Our objectives continue to be consistent
earnings per share and cash flow growth,
the improvement of return on capital
ratios, and the maintenance of a strong
balance sheet to maximize financial
flexibility. Our investment decisions have
been structured to achieve these goals. In
2013, our strong cash flow funded facility
consolidation-related payments, pension
contributions, capital investments, an
acquisition, and share repurchases.
Looking ahead to 2014, we will prudently invest our resources to support our growth strategy, achieve our performance metrics, and increase our return to shareholders. In February of 2014, our board of directors approved the 31st consecutive increase in our annual dividend, reflecting our improved earnings results in 2013 and expectations for further progress in 2014.
In February of 2014, William Bolton retired after serving fourteen years on the Bemis Board of Directors, including two years as Chairman of the Board. We are grateful for his counsel and
We are keenly
focused on these areas of growth to
improve our operating profit metrics and
increase returns on invested capital.”
   04 | Bemis Annual Report 2013
     