    CEO’s MESSAGE TO
shareholders
I am pleased to report another year of solid earnings growth for Bemis Company. We achieved sales growth and improved profitability in both segments of the business in spite of the ongoing weak economic environment.
provided new opportunities to implement an expanded array of innovative package structures. In 2003, we are expanding our medical film production capabilities with a focused factory that will be dedicated to the specific needs of that market. We are investing in high barrier shrink bag capacity to meet demand for our new line of bone guard pouches. These investments are supported by strong customer demand and process engineering expertise that will
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PAST YEAR INCLUDE:
• Record net sales of $2.4 billion, an increase of 3% over 2001;
• 17% earnings per share growth to $3.08 (9% growth after giving consideration to changes in accounting for goodwill);
help ensure efficient start-up in each case.
• 4% sales growth and 6% operating profit growth in our Flexible Packaging business segment, representing 79% of company net sales;
We have greatly expanded our global reach with the purchase a new high clarity, thin gauge shrink film product line in July. Complementary to our existing shrink technologies, this product line expands our film capabilities into global industrial shrink film markets. Thin gauge shrink technolo- gy, combined with our in-house oriented film expertise, will also create opportunities for our research engineers to enhance our existing high
• 2% increase in net sales in our pressure sensi- tive materials business along with double-digit improvement in operating profit;
• Expanded high barrier technology with the purchase of the Clysar® thin gauge shrink film business;
barrier products.
• Increased European flexible packaging presence with the acquisition of high barrier packaging operations located in Finland and France.
In October, we significantly increased our presence in the European flexible packaging market with the acquisition of a European-based high barrier packaging operation. With a total of seven European flexible packaging plants, Bemis Europe is able to deliver a broader array of high barrier technologies and is
FLEXIBLE PACKAGING
Our high barrier products employ the majority of our proprietary technologies. In 2002, performance improved as increased high barrier capacity derived from recent acquisitions
positioned to expand these technologies in the future.
Bemis Annual Report 2002 3

     CEO’S MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS continued...
We continue to look for opportunities to blur the imaginary line that differentiates our polyethylene products from our more complex high barrier product line. During 2002, our polyethylene product customers began to incorporate more complex features into their packaging designs. While this trend is consistent with our long-term business objectives, the short-term demands for capacity had a negative effect on the operating efficiencies of this business.
A LONG-TERM STRATEGY THAT WORKS
Our paper packaging product line continues to demonstrate good cost control and innovation. Using specialty paper materials and improved filling features,
we are creating opportunities to improve the value we deliver to
customers and differentiate our products in the marketplace.
Our business strategy combines our strength in packaging technology with our state-of-the- art manufacturing facilities to create a relevant, innovative solution for our customers. Our research engineers combine their expertise in material science with a host of proprietary process technologies to create new products and features for flexible packaging. But at Bemis, we understand that technology and innovation cannot grow the business unless it can
PRESSURE SENSITIVE MATERIALS
We have invested in world-class manufacturing assets, striving for continuous improvement in all areas of production. With these tools, we can cost effectively manufacture new technologies into our products and bring them to market. We have organized each of our facilities to focus on a particular technology or process to encourage specialization and develop expertise from which to build. As a specific technology grows to incorporate new materials or
Our pressure sensitive materials business segment
has improved considerably from 2001. Our
newest plant in Columbus, Indiana has overcome
its start-up production issues and is contributing
profit to the business. We have implemented Six
Sigma programs throughout this business to reduce
and control costs while improving both quality and service.
While these improvements are impressive, we expect growth in this business to continue to be sluggish until the economy improves and absorbs the excess production capacity in our operations and in the industry as a whole.
In August, we announced an agreement to sell the North American and European operations of our pressure sensitive materials business segment to UPM-Kymmene for $420 million in cash. This transaction is an opportunity for our pressure sensitive materials business to be part of a broad line of converting material products and benefit from the buyer’s expertise in related technologies. The European regulatory authorities approved the transaction in October, 2002. U.S. regulatory authorities have extended their review of information and are expected to issue a decision on the transaction during the first half of 2003.
Our most innovative ideas provide no benefit to the company unless they can be incor- porated into packaging applications and deliver increased market share to our customers. We work intimately with our customers to identify solutions to their package design and equipment issues, focusing our research efforts on opportunities to extend shelf life, improve freshness, improve brand recognition, incorporate easy open and recloseable features, reduce waste in customer plants, and increase their package filling speeds.
4 Bemis Annual Report 2002
Cus t omer Focus
Value
processes, our employees are prepared to meet that challenge.
Technology & Innovation
MANUFACTURING EXCELLENCE
TECHNOLOGY & INNOVATION
be manufactured profitably and on a commercial scale.
Manuf act ur i ng Excellence
CUSTOMER FOCUS

     The value that we deliver to our customers and to our shareholders is magnified by the skill with which we can combine these three components, leveraging our strength and expertise in each area. It is the point at which these three elements come together that gives us a substantial competitive advantage in the marketplace.
We enter 2003 a leading global flexible packaging company with a clear business strategy, a strong balance sheet, high quality plant assets, and a dedication to material science, process technology and product innovation.
Over the years, our Board of Directors has been mindful of the need for appropriate checks and balances to protect the interests of our shareholders. Recently, according to data compiled by Institutional Shareholder Services, an independent proxy and governance advisory firm, Bemis received a score of 95 out of 100 for the quality of our corporate governance. We are proud of the fact that several of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act now being adopted by companies have been in place at Bemis for many years. Management and the Board of Directors will continue its efforts to enhance our corporate governance policies and procedures to maintain our leadership position in this important area of responsibility.
Your investment in Bemis is evidence of your confidence in our future business prospects, the stewardship of our valuable assets, and the talent and dedication of nearly 12,000 Bemis employees. We appreciate the support of our customers, suppliers and shareholders, and will continue to execute on our commitments with the highest degree of quality, care and integrity.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
We continually drive our business to achieve our long-term goals of consistent, double- digit growth in earnings per share and cash flow, improving return on capital ratios, and a strong capital structure to maximize our financial flexibility. In 2003, we will continue to introduce unique products that provide affordable solutions and are responsive to the strategic goals of our customers. Our new medical packaging film plant will begin production with an emphasis on new market-focused products. We will continue to emphasize the benefits of innovation in packaging and support these trends with investment in state-of-the-art capacity. Bemis Europe will coordinate its business approach to that market, integrating our new European operations with our existing focused facilities and expanding our opportunities in each market.
Looking forward, we will carefully evaluate acquisition opportunities to identify those that may provide us with key technologies, access to new markets, or a platform on which to build our expertise. While a decision from the U.S. regulatory agency on the pressure sensitive materials transaction is pending, at this juncture we anticipate approval and are planning for the future as a focused flexible packaging company.
Jeffrey H. Curler,
President and Chief Executive Officer
CEO’S MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS continued...
Bemis Annual Report 2002 5
