LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS


Bemis Company delivered strong financial results in 20"15, fueled by the drive and discipline of our over "17,000 employees across the globe who focused on helping our customers succeed.
I couldn't be more proud of the effort and execution demonstrated by our global team throughout 20"15. We exceeded my expectations and made great progress toward our long-term financial objectives.

 


0
C.
UJ
a:
....I
:z3
z
<
!:!.1
::;
UJ CD
I()
0
<N
 
During 2015, we delivered record adjusted earnings per share, even in the face of strong currency translation headwinds. We increased operating profit 100 basis points. We continued to progress ROIC toward our
Jong-term target of being in the top quartile
of our peer group.And we delivered record cash from operations during the year.All of these achievements are a reflection of
 
our commitment to execute with focus, alignment, and accountability & rigor.

Our business is strong. We remain intently focused on our customers and helping them
- and their brands - succeed. We continue to utilize our scale, capital, and expertise to provide differentiated packaging solutions in all regions of the world.
 

We enter 2016 with positive momentum and high expectations of ourselves. Strategy execution is paramount and largely dependent upon the talent and efforts
of our employees, who share an exciting vision for Bemis' financial performance. We will continue to execute our strategy of. accelerating growth, focusing innovation, and continuously improving all we do - in the relentless pursuit of creating value for our shareholders. Specifically:
► We will continue to focus our innovation efforts and commercialize new products across our entire business to spur growth. our
innovation pipeline of new products is strong and includes a wide variety of new packaging launches. We will continue to push our existing innovations globally
in Latin America and Asia where we see demand for more  sophisticated  packaging. I am again proud of our teams who are working cohesively across the globe to leverage our technologies. We can, and will, drive this advantage further.
► We will continue to execute our asset recapitalization projects in the
U.S. through installation of printing presses, slitters, and other equipment, in order to create a more modern, safe, and productive work environment. These projects meet
our 15% ROIC hurdle rate and are not only delivering margin improvement, but also helping us maintain unit volumes in less­ differentiated products.
 

► We will continue to relentlessly pursue continuous improvement in all we do. This entails every detail in all areas of our business- from our manufacturing
floor to our administrative functions. We will continue to challenge ourselves to do things even more efficiently, while controlling costs.
► We will continue to prioritize increasing shareholder value. In
February 2016, ourBoard of Directors approved the 33rd consecutive increase in our annual dividend, along with an increase of our share repurchase authorization by
20 million shares of Bemis Company stock. We remain confident in our ability to grow and generate strong cash flow.
I look forward to continued success for Bemis and all of our stakeholders over the Jong term.On behalf of all of our employees around the world,I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and
shareholders for their investment, support, and confidence in our Company.



William F.Austen
President and Chief Executive Officer Bemis Company, Inc.
 


"We will continue to execute our strategy of: accelerating growth, focusing innovation, and continuously improving all we do
-	in the relentless pursuit of creating value for our shareholders."


2015 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 















(')
0
