                                         a message to our
Shareholders
 Bemis employees have always been encouraged to develop pride in their company. Company newsletters of the early 1900s urged them to “get into the spirit of business to such an extent that the spirit at last gets into you!”
This year, we are proud to celebrate our sesquicentennial; 150 years in business. Throughout our history, our business culture has been one that values integrity, ingenuity and an entrepreneurial spirit.
Founded in 1858 as a packaging company, Bemis quickly achieved recognition as a leader in the industry, prospering through the Civil War, vertically integrating in 1870 to secure quality raw materials, and expanding its products and facilities across North America during the late 19th century. Bemis contributed extensively to the evolution of food packaging through the 20th century, introducing innovative products that have resulted in many of the modern conveniences that consumers have
grown to expect today. In the 21st century, Bemis continues to be a technology leader in our industry on a global scale.
007 reSultS
Our business faced numerous challenges in 2007. Raw material costs increased throughout the year. Demand for food, consumer
products, and industrial products was negatively impacted by increased pressure on consumer budgets, primarily caused by higher prices for energy and food and the negative impact of the soft housing market. As a result, we experienced a general
softness in volume for flexible packaging products sold to many of the food and consumer product markets. In our pressure sensitive materials segment, additional industry capacity negatively affected
our label products business, and difficult market conditions reduced demand from technical product customers in certain housing and medical
product markets. While our cost management initiatives continued to gain momentum in 2007, much of the benefit will be realized in future periods, when
stronger volume levels will improve manufacturing cost absorption and reflect the benefits of improved efficiency.
Our cost management efforts successfully offset the impact of inflationary costs in 2007, and we are pleased to report record cash provided by operations of $406 million. In addition to funding our increased dividend payments in 2007, we invested $179 million in capital projects that we expect to create near-term growth opportunities for Bemis. Another $154 million was used to repurchase 5.2 million shares of Bemis common stock.
  
2007 Annual Report

                                         BuSineSS Strategy
Our long-term business strategy continues to strengthen our competitive position in each of the markets we serve. Our innovative packaging products promote our customers’ latest ideas with extended shelf life, new opening and closing features, and better shelf appeal. Our unique expertise in polyester technology offers consumers freshness and convenience in one high-performance package.
We customize many of our products for a particular application, such as a barrier cheese package that needs to allow gas to escape as the cheese naturally ages, or a label that must adhere
to a porous surface in adverse weather conditions. Our customer-focused solutions
address specific package and adhesive performance needs, and we work side
  by side with our customers’ marketing and product development teams. As a result, we are often involved early in the product development process, allowing our research and development efforts to remain relevant and efficient.
Customer Focus
Manufacturing Excellence
As we continue to strengthen our competitive advantage through technology and innova-
tion, we simultaneously increase the complexity of our manufacturing processes. In this environment, manufacturing excellence is essential, ensuring that our core products deliver improving profitability and our new products remain affordable. In order to maintain these high standards, our business teams have implemented a variety of cost management and process improvement programs over the past several years. We are pleased with the progress that we have observed throughout the business, and we anticipate continued improvement each year as our efforts gain momentum.
inveStmentS SuPPort new technology and marketS
In 2007, we completed several multiyear investment projects that will create growth opportunities beginning in 2008. We developed a platform for rigid polyester packaging, a unique product that utilizes Bemis’ technical expertise to maximize performance. We also completed the expansion of our medical device packaging operations. With additional capacity in our Northern Ireland, Malaysian, and Wisconsin locations, we are well prepared to accommodate double-digit growth in this market. The new equipment installed in our Wisconsin medical device packaging facility in 2007 will also support packaging for the pharmaceutical market. In 2008, we are continuing to expand our capabilities for the medical device packaging market by constructing a converting plant in Suzhou, China. This facility will import our proprietary materials for conversion in close proximity to our existing customers in
that region.
Many of the proprietary Bemis film structures that have boosted our competitive position in the United States over the past decade are now being produced in Europe, on the new extrusion lines that we have installed there over the past several years. This provides our European customers with unique
7
Technology & Innovation
 Celebrating 150 Years

                                           
packaging opportunities, allowing them to improve their products’ shelf appeal while simultaneously increasing shelf life and reducing waste in the filling process and distribution system. As these sophisticated products become a larger proportion of our European flexible packaging sales, we expect to achieve greater profitability and increase our market share in that region.
SuStainaBility
As a company that has been in business for 150 years, we are well aware of the benefits of investing talent and resources in markets and products that are sustainable over the long term. Our plastic packaging is efficient to manufacture and offers our customers great opportunities to reduce waste and shipping costs, ultimately reducing greenhouse gases and improving the efficiency of landfills. While packaging made from polymer resin is efficient and effective in providing the high levels of protection and preservation demanded by modern customers and consumers, we are aware that polymer resin itself is a derivative of natural gas and petroleum, each considered to be a non-renew- able resource. With this in mind, Bemis is evaluating the performance of resin derived from alternative renewable sources that may prove effective and safe for food packaging in the future. In the mean- time, our customers are using Bemis’ current products to further extend shelf life, decrease package weight, and increase production efficiency in their facilities to meet their sustainability goals and protect the environment.
BuSineSS outlook
Our emphasis on packaging for food and consumer products has historically provided a relatively stable market for our business. While we are not completely immune to global economic conditions, we expect stability to return to our markets in 2008. We are dedicated to our long-term goals of consistent growth in earnings per share and cash flow, as well as improved return on capital ratios with prudent cost management and manufacturing efficiency. Our strong balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to invest in new technologies and business acquisitions that provide us with oppor- tunities for growth, in addition to returning value to our shareholders in the form of cash dividends.
On January 31, 2008, the Board of Directors approved a 5 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend payable in 2008. We are very proud to announce that this represents the 25th consecutive annual increase in our dividend payment, which is a remarkable achievement. Bemis shareholders have received an annual dividend since 1922. We consider our dividend to be an integral part of the value of your investment in Bemis stock.
director retireS
We would like to thank Nancy Parsons McDonald, who retired as a member of our Board of Directors in February 2008 after 25 years of service. Nancy is the great-granddaughter of the company’s founder, Judson Moss Bemis, and has supported innovation and growth initiatives throughout her tenure. We thank her for her many years of dedicated service, and for her contributions to the success of Bemis Company and the accomplishments of the Bemis Foundation.
2007 Annual Report

                                         Pictured from left to right are Henry J. Theisen, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gene C. Wulf, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeffrey H. Curler, Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board.
We would also like to thank all of the Bemis employees around the world who have embraced new ideas and continuous improvements throughout the year. We look forward to our future success, and we appreciate the support and confidence of our customers, suppliers, and shareholders.
9
   Jeffrey H. Curler
Executive Chairman & Chairman of the Board
Henry J. Theisen
President & Chief Executive Officer
 Celebrating 150 Years
