TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
In 2015, we began writing an exciting new chapter for Bristol-Myers Squibb – one based on growth, trans- formational medicines and a renewed commitment to the people at the center of everything we do: our patients and their families.
It was an extraordinary year that included important milestones.
• We delivered $16.6 billion in sales. This 4% growth over the previous year was made possible by strong performance across our portfolio and despite the loss of exclusivity of Abilify (aripiprazole) early in the year. In fact, we grew our new and inline brands by 41%.
• We had 112 product approvals throughout the world, including 23 in our major markets.
• We stopped 3 of our Opdivo (nivolumab) Phase 3 clinical trials early, due to positive overall survival data.
• We launched our “Working Together for Patients” initiative, highlighting the central role patients play in the lives of our employees as well as in the life of our company.
By delivering results across our company and
across the world, we made 2015 a very good year
for Bristol-Myers Squibb. More importantly, we made it a very good year for the patients we serve.
TRANSFORMING CANCER CARE
This was certainly the case in the exciting field of Immuno-Oncology.
In 2015, much of our focus was on transforming cancer care with Opdivo and Yervoy (ipilimumab), and advancing our increasingly diversified early Immuno-Oncology pipeline. And thanks to the hard work of people throughout our company, we succeeded.
Most notably, Opdivo became a foundational agent within its approved indications. In non-small cell lung cancer, one of the deadliest cancers, Opdivo became the only PD-1 agent indicated for pre-treated patients across all histologies and, importantly, regardless
of PD-L1 status. In melanoma, by the end of 2015, Opdivo was approved in more than 40 countries.
And Opdivo became the first and only PD-1 inhibitor approved for the treatment of the most common type of kidney cancer.
It was also an important year for Yervoy and for advanc- ing our strategy to combine Immunology- Oncology agents to provide patients with the best opportunity
for long-term survival. We received approval for the first Immuno-Oncology combination – Opdivo and Yervoy
– for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. Yervoy also became the first and only FDA-approved immune checkpoint inhibitor in the adjuvant treatment for fully resected Stage III melanoma.
Improving the treatment options for patients with blood cancers remains an important part of our mission. Towards the end of the year, we received FDA approval of Empliciti (elotuzumab) for the treatment of multiple myeloma – the first and only immuno-stimulatory antibody available to patients with this blood cancer.
Taken together, in 2015, we made great strides in the fight against cancer; arguably some of the greatest
in many years. With an increasingly broad portfolio
and a focus on an increasing number of tumor types, we not only strengthened our leadership position in Immuno-Oncology; most importantly, we provided real hope and real answers to patients and their families.
ADDRESSING PATIENT NEEDS THROUGH DIVERSIFICATION
In 2015, we successfully strengthened our diversified portfolio of medicines.
• Eliquis (apixaban) delivered $1.9 billion in global annual sales and became the #1 novel oral anti- coagulant for new-to-brand patients in 12 markets.
• Our hepatitis C franchise ended the year with worldwide sales of $1.6 billion and with Daklinza (daclatasvir) approved in more than 50 markets.
• And both Orencia (abatacept) and Sprycel (dasatinib) performed exceptionally well, delivering $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion in annual sales, respectively.
And importantly, we also took important steps to strengthen our pipeline in Immuno-Oncology,
    Bristol-Myers Squibb | 2 | 2015 Annual Report
MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 fibrosis, heart failure, immunoscience and genetically defined diseases. We successfully completed acquisitions, licensing agreements and partnerships with the biotech industry as well
as academia.
SERVING MANY COMMUNITIES
Throughout the year, our commitment to patients extended to underserved communities around the world.
In 2015, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation continued its important work with respect to HIV and cervical cancer in sub-Saharan Africa, hepatitis C in China and India, oncology nursing in Central and Eastern Europe and
the mental health and well-being of our returning veterans in the United States. We also continued to build a new initiative in the U.S. southeast’s “Tobacco Belt” to develop compre- hensive community-based education programs on lung cancer, and
we launched a new effort to help vulnerable populations in rural and urban areas to obtain access to specialized care.
We also served many of the commu- nities in which we live and work. Most notably, our employees participated in annual “Go Green” Earth Day activities at more than 50 sites around the world, and we established a new set of five-year goals — the 2020 Sustain- ability Goals — that will strengthen our fundamental business, while maintaining our position as a sustain- ability leader.
For these and other efforts, Bristol- Myers Squibb was, once again, ranked among the top 10 corporate citizens by Corporate Responsibility magazine – a
“
Working For” initiative to more people – both inside and outside our com- pany – because nothing inspires our work more than the connection we have to our patients and to each other. During our first annual “Patient Week,” our employees were given the oppor- tunity to share their personal stories with each other and with friends and colleagues outside our company. In fact, we organized 246 events at 65 Bristol-Myers Squibb sites around the world – each was designed to focus on our patients, each served to strengthen the bond between our patients, our work and our workforce.
SEIZING OUR OPPORTUNITY
Again, 2015 was an extraordinary year for our company and for the patients we serve – one that has allowed us to begin 2016 from a position of real strength.
Going forward, we plan to continue seizing our unprecedented opportunity for growth, for transforming cancer care and for helping even more people with our diverse portfolio of innovative medicines. Inspired by the stories of our patients, fueled by the passion of our employees and driven by a genuine sense of urgency – I don’t think any- thing can stop us.
Working together for patients. It’s what we do. It’s who we are. It’s why we come to work each day.
Giovanni Caforio, M.D. Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2016
   2015 WAS AN EXTRAORDINARY
YEAR FOR OUR COMPANY
AND FOR THE PATIENTS WE
SERVE – ONE THAT HAS
ALLOWED US TO BEGIN 2016 FROM A POSITION OF REAL STRENGTH.”
 -Giovanni Caforio, M.D. Chief Executive Officer
distinction for which we worked hard and for which we are very proud.
EVOLVING OUR CULTURE
To make all of our success possible – to deliver against our priorities and to deliver for our patients – we focused much of our attention on our people, the 25,000 professionals who call Bristol-Myers Squibb “home.”
We have long recognized that our people are our competitive advantage, but in 2015, we took our employee focus to a new level. More professional development. More attention to diver- sity and inclusion. And an even greater emphasis on maintaining a steadfast commitment to the highest standards of quality, uncompromising ethics, compliance and integrity.
We also expanded our “Who Are You
  Bristol-Myers Squibb | 3 | 2015 Annual Report
MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

  “WE ARE HEADING IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION – MAKING THE RIGHT CHOICES AND PLACING OUR PRIORITIES IN THE RIGHT PLACES.”
-Lamberto Andreotti Chairman
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Today’s Bristol-Myers Squibb is an exciting company. Leading the way in cancer care. Making a difference in a range of ther- apeutic areas. Having a strong organization that delivers today, while it plans for tomorrow.
From my perspective, we are heading in the right direction – making the right choices and placing our priorities in the right places.
The investments we have made in Immuno-Oncology have certainly paid off – for our company and for our patients. We have changed the standard of care in some of the most common tumor types, and as a result, we are able to provide our patients with new treat- ments and new hope.
Our emphasis on targeted diversification is smart, both as a short and long-term strategy. And our focus on those areas of significant unmet need – coupled with our “follow the science” approach – means that our resources are used in a way that makes the most sense for our company and
for our patients.
I am also very pleased with our determination to build the best workplace and to give our people the best work
experience. And I am very pleased to welcome Peter J. Arduini, president and chief executive officer and director of Integra LifeSciences, to our Board of Directors, effective April 1, 2016.
Having recently served as CEO and having been on the Board for several years, I know our company well. I know our peo- ple. I know our challenges and opportunities.
As such, I can say with full confi- dence that Bristol-Myers Squibb is strong and getting stronger. We have great medicines. We have great people. And by focus- ing on patients and their families and by demanding the very best from our people, the possibilities are endless.
The story of Bobby Harsh says it all. Having first met him in 2011,
I have followed his compelling story ever since. It is both inspir- ing and instructive. It underscores the importance and the promise of our work. It gives us all reason to hope.
Lamberto Andreotti Chairman
March 7, 2016
    Bristol-Myers Squibb | 4 | 2015 Annual Report
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
