MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Three years ago, we set out on a journey to become the benchmark BioPharma company.
We evolved our Mission. We developed our strategy.
We headed in a new direction. In effect, we made several significant changes, while maintaining our steadfast commitment to the patients and communities we serve.
Today, our BioPharma transformation is well under way and near completion. Our portfolio is focused exclusively on medicines. Our operations have been streamlined and simplified. And our company now combines the global experience, established commercial infrastructure and development capabilities of a major pharmaceutical company with the agility, biologics expertise and entre- preneurial spirit of a biotechnology firm.
As a result, Bristol-Myers Squibb is now stronger and better equipped to deliver meaningful results – a fact clearly demonstrated over the past year:
• We achieved 4 percent sales growth;
• We had a groundbreaking year with respect
to clinical data;
• We received key regulatory approval of products across the world;
• We acquired ZymoGenetics, a renowned cutting-edge biotechnology company; and
• We increased our dividend for the second consecutive year.
In effect, last year’s success proves that our BioPharma transformation is both very real and very promising.
2010: A Year of Impressive Results
Granted, 2010 was a challenging year across the board. The global financial crisis had reached into every sector and affected every company. For those in the pharma- ceutical and biotechnology industries, the challenges were even greater, due to pricing pressures in Europe and the financial impact of health care reform in the United States.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, however, not only weathered the storm; our company actually had a good year. This is true from both a short-term and long-term perspec- tive. Our financials were strong – with sales up and expenses down – and our pipeline of products became even more robust.
This balance between short-term and long-term is absolutely essential. To be a successful differentiated BioPharma company, we must drive results today, while strengthening our company for the future. It is what we have done, and it is what we plan to continue to do.
Financial Performance
With respect to financial performance, we continued to drive shareholder value. In fact, with an 8.8 percent increase, our total shareholder return (including divi- dends) was one of the best in the industry.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Bristol-Myers Squibb 2010 Annual Report 1

 THE THREE PILLARS OF OUR BIOPHARMA STRATEGY
Pearls strategy. We retired $750 million principal amount of outstanding debt, increased our dividend by 3 percent and initiated a $3 billion share repurchase program.
Products and Pipeline
In 2010, we obtained several significant regulatory approvals. Sprycel was approved in the U.S. and Europe for use as a first-line treatment in newly diagnosed adults with Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic phase chronic myeloid leukemia. Kombiglyze XR was approved in the U.S. as the first once daily, extended release, fixed dose combination of a DPP4 inhibitor and metformin for adults with type 2 diabetes. And Orencia gained approval in Japan for rheumatoid arthritis and in Europe for second-line use in rheumatoid arthritis, while a subcutaneous formulation was filed in the U.S.
With respect to clinical data, 2010 was a very positive year. We reported important Phase III data for three of our new molecular entities. Yervoy (ipilimumab) showed an unprecedented survival benefit in second-line meta- static melanoma patients; Eliquis (apixaban) showed
a significant decrease in the risk of stroke without an increase in bleeding for warfarin-unsuitable, atrial fibril- lation patients; and dapagliflozin, a novel first-in-class SGLT2 inhibitor, continued to show a significant glucose lowering effect with additional reductions observed in secondary endpoints of weight loss and blood pressure lowering in type 2 diabetes patients.
We completed six regulatory submissions for new medicines in the U.S. and Europe. And with another year of positive benefit/risk data on Nulojix (belatacept)
      Innovation
Selective Continuous Integration Improvement
     Net sales from continuing operations were $19.5 billion – up 4 percent over the previous year. That includes a
6 percent increase in U.S. sales, with double-digit growth from Plavix, Sprycel, Sustiva, Baraclude and Orencia as well as initial sales of Onglyza.
Meanwhile, efficiencies were realized throughout the organization, including from the 50 percent reduction in manufacturing plants brought about by the three-year network rationalization effort completed last year. With a focus on state-of-art technology, only 12 of the original 27 manufacturing plants remain.
Our strategic focus on capital management led to strong yields. We ended the year with $10 billion in cash and marketable securities, while completing our strategic acquisition of ZymoGenetics, a cutting-edge biotechnol- ogy firm, as part of our ambitious, albeit focused String of
Our BioPharma Progress
    October 2007
String of Pearls strategy launched with acquisition of Adnexus Pharmaceuticals.
Ixempra (ixabepilone) approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for advanced breast cancer.
December 2007
Bristol-Myers Squibb unveiled the BioPharma strategy supported by three pillars: innovation, selective integration and continuous improvement.
January 2008
Sale of Bristol-Myers Squibb Medical Imaging.
June 2008
Bristol-Myers Squibb acquired Kosan Biosciences, a cancer therapeutics company.
July 2008
Bristol-Myers Squibb expanded the Productiv- ity Transformation Initiative, expected to result in $2.5 billion in annual productivity savings and cost avoidance by 2012.
Erbitux (cetuximab) approved in Japan.
        2

 This is our way forward. This is our way of becoming and remaining the benchmark BioPharma company.
for patients with kidney transplants, we completed our resubmission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
To ensure sustainability of our pipeline, we moved 15 new high-quality compounds into preclinical develop- ment and achieved a record number of proof-of-concept transitions, with six more compounds now progressing toward Full Development.
Corporate Responsibility
As in years past, our commitment to the patients and the communities we serve extended well beyond our core business markets and into the lives of millions of people who generally do not have access to quality health care.
In 2010, we continued our work to help reduce health disparities in various therapeutic areas and in various places throughout the world. Cancer in Europe. Hepatitis
Our BioPharma Progress
Chief Executive Officer Lamberto Andreotti held a number of global town hall meetings in 2010 to update employees on the company’s progress to become the benchmark BioPharma company. He is pictured here at the company’s Shanghai office.
in Asia. HIV/AIDS in Africa. Mental health and well-being in the U.S. In January, when Haiti was struck by a cata- strophic earthquake, Bristol-Myers Squibb, our Founda- tion and employees lent a helping hand, contributing nearly $7 million in cash and product. And later in the year, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation launched an ambitious program, Together on Diabetes – a new five- year, $100 million initiative to improve health outcomes of people living with type 2 diabetes in the U.S.
We took our commitment to sustainability to the next level. We approved our Sustainability 2015 Goals, which lays out a plan to address social, economic and environ- mental challenges in the communities we serve; we also joined the United Nations Global Compact, the world’s largest voluntary corporate citizenship initiative.
    August 2008
Partnership with PDL BioPharma (since trans- ferred to Abbott Laboratories) announced
to develop elotuzumab, an investigational treatment for multiple myeloma.
Sale of ConvaTec completed.
September 2008
Initial public offering for subsidiary Mead Johnson Nutrition announced.
December 2008
Oncology collaboration with Exelixis announced.
Agreement with AstraZeneca expanded
to develop and commercialize dapagliflozin in Japan.
January 2009
Collaboration with ZymoGenetics announced to develop novel treatment for hepatitis C.
March 2009
Global collaboration with Nissan Chemical Industries and Teijin Pharma announced for the development of a treatment for atrial fibrillation.
April 2009
Commercialization agreement with Otsuka extended for Abilify (aripiprazole).
         Bristol-Myers Squibb 2010 Annual Report 3

2011 – The Way Forward
In 2011, we expect the external challenges to persist. But we also expect to build on the momentum created last year as we continue to position our company
for long-term success as a focused, differentiated BioPharma company.
To be sure, it will be a year of transition – the last full year of exclusivity for Plavix and Avapro, but also a period of potential significant product launches and regulatory submissions.
We have several new molecular entities under regula- tory review, including Yervoy for second-line metastatic melanoma, Nulojix for kidney transplantation, Eliquis for thrombosis prevention and dapagliflozin for type
2 diabetes. We expect to receive additional important clinical data for Yervoy (first-line metastatic melanoma) and Eliquis (stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation), which may lead to regulatory submissions.
In 2011, we are also anticipating four significant Phase III transitions in hepatitis C, Alzheimer’s disease and oncology.
Taken together – the product launches, the regulatory actions, the clinical data – all of this should keep us on track to achieve our 2013 goals and position us well for sustained growth for 2014 and beyond.
Our BioPharma Future
When I became CEO in 2010, I set out to accomplish a few key goals during my first year. Bring together a
Our BioPharma Progress
strong management team. Build on the firm foundation established by my predecessor, Jim Cornelius. Take our BioPharma transformation to the next level.
As the record makes clear, we succeeded in every respect.
Bristol-Myers Squibb has an absolutely first-rate senior management team – one that clearly stands out with respect to experience, skill, passion and global diver- sity. We have navigated through an often challenging external environment to increase sales, reduce costs, and grow our promising pipeline. We have continued to streamline our operations, develop our people, and pro- duce the innovative science that helps patients prevail over serious diseases.
This year, we will continue this transformation, and we will continue working to deliver results, while positioning Bristol-Myers Squibb for longer-term growth. We will over- come obstacles. We will seize opportunities. We will strive to exceed expectations. And guided by our firm commit- ment to the highest business standards and ethics, we will continue “to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases.”
This is our way forward. This is our way of becoming and remaining the benchmark BioPharma company.
Lamberto Andreotti, Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2011
     July 2009
FDA approved Onglyza (saxagliptin) for treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults. European Union approval followed in October.
August 2009
Acquisition of Medarex, Inc., announced, expanding our oncology and immunology pipelines and our biologics capabilities.
November 2009
Entered global collaboration with Alder Biopharmaceuticals to develop a novel treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
December 2009
Strategic split-off of Mead Johnson Nutrition holdings completed, focusing Bristol-Myers Squibb solely on our biopharmaceutical business.
March 2010
Global agreement with Allergan, Inc., announced for development of an oral treatment for neuropathic pain.
June 2010
Ipilimumab first agent to improve overall survival in previously treated patients with advanced melanoma, in data presented
at annual meeting of American Society of Clinical Oncology.
         4

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
This is an exciting time at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our BioPharma transformation is driving organizational change and delivering meaningful results.
We have streamlined operations and deci- sion-making. We have increased sales, while cutting costs. We have
focused resources on our core competency – making innovative medicines that help patients prevail.
Simply stated, we have fundamentally changed the way we do business, and by all accounts, this transformation is having a positive impact across the board:
• Our employees work in an exciting environment conducive to personal growth;
• Our shareholders receive solid returns and are confident about our promising future; and
• Our patients are getting the medicines they need and the hope they deserve.
When we first launched this effort, we made some assumptions. We assumed that the external environ- ment would become more challenging – that a new U.S. President would likely mean a new emphasis on health care reform. We assumed that filling the void left by the impending loss of Plavix exclusivity would necessitate
a change in our business model. And to that end, we assumed that focused was better than diversified – that we should shrink our footprint, sell off our non-pharma- ceutical businesses, and target our resources.
Our BioPharma Progress
In other words, we assumed it was best to swim against the tide and challenge the conventional wisdom with respect to scale and breadth.
Now, three years later, we no longer make such assump- tions ... because we can already see the positive results. In fact, we see them every day – in the faces of the people who work here and in the lives of the patients we serve. We also read about them in the pages of industry reports.
This was particularly true over this past year. Despite a demanding external environment, we had a very suc- cessful year. From strong sales in the U.S. to significant advances in the laboratory, we made great progress in 2010 and set the stage for a strong 2011 and beyond.
Needless to say, as Chairman of the Board, I am pleased with the direction of our company and grateful to all of those who have made it possible – our Directors for their vision, Lamberto Andreotti and the Senior Managers for their practical leadership, and our 27,000 employees for their passion, hard work and commitment to excellence.
Since “retiring” as CEO last year, I have been able to step back and take a more holistic view of the company. I have been able to remove myself from the day-to-day manage- ment and look at the proverbial forest – observing the company, studying the industry and analyzing the trends.
My conclusion – Bristol-Myers Squibb has never been stronger.
James M. Cornelius, Chairman March 8, 2011
      July 2010
Orencia (abatacept) approved in Japan. October 2010
Acquisition of ZymoGenetics completed, securing full ownership of pegylated inter- feron lambda, other pipeline assets and an existing product, Recothrom (recombinant thrombin).
Sprycel (dasatinib) approved in U.S. for newly diagnosed patients with chronic myeloid leukemia. In December, Sprycel was also approved in Europe for use in a first-line setting.
November 2010
Kombiglyze XR (saxagliptin and metformin HCl extended release) approved in the U.S. for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults.
Entered into an agreement with Simcere Phar- maceutical Group to develop an early-stage oncology compound in China.
December 2010
Acquired exclusive worldwide rights for festinavir, an investigational compound for HIV, from Oncolys BioPharma.
       Bristol-Myers Squibb 2010 Annual Report 5
