  for the future
To Our Stockholders
I’m pleased to report that your company delivered strong financial results in 2007, with solid growth in both sales and earnings. In accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Bristol-Myers Squibb reported net fully diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations of 99 cents in 2007 compared with 73 cents in 2006. Total net sales from continuing operations in 2007 were $19.3 billion compared with $17.3 billion in 2006.
>>

 the next generation
BioPharma company
Our mandate is clear: find ways to increase revenue, expand profit margins and improve cash flows so we can boost shareholder value while also delivering a steady stream of innovative medicines to patients fighting serious diseases.
The company also reported non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $1.38 for the year. The non-GAAP EPS information is an indication of our operational performance and does not include specified income and expense items that affect the com- parability of our results. If we include 10 cents of earnings from discontinued operations—our Medical Imaging business, which was sold in January 2008—our fully diluted non-GAAP EPS were $1.48.
This figure is one cent higher than Wall Street consensus and also above the upper end of our final 2007 EPS guidance range, which we revised upward four times over the course of the year. It com- pares with our 2006 fully diluted non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations of $1.01 ($1.09 including discontinued operations).
Our solid growth is largely the result of the strong performance of our key pharmaceutical brands, including Plavix, Abilify, Reyataz, Avapro/Avalide, Orencia, Sprycel, Erbitux, Baraclude and the Sustiva franchise, all of them addressing areas of signifi- cant medical need. In 2007 we added another important therapy to our growing arsenal of innovative anticancer treatments: Ixempra, for advanced breast cancer. Ixempra is off to a good start in the U.S., and we’ve filed for its approval in the European Union and Japan.
Becoming a next–generation
BioPharma company
Over the past year, the entire Management Council has spent a great deal of time looking at the business from top to bottom as part of a comprehensive review of the company’s strategy, operations and prospects. Our mandate was clear: find ways to increase rev- enue, expand profit margins and improve cash flows so we can boost shareholder value while also delivering a steady stream of innovative medicines to patients fighting serious diseases—and do all this by being both competitive and compliant.
The review took place against a backdrop of numerous challenges to both our company and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. The overall political and regulatory environment remains problematic for the entire industry, with fewer new drugs being approved and review times increasing in many instances. Pricing pressures are intensifying, as payors—especially govern- ments—look for new ways to reduce health care expenditures. And lengthy and expensive patent challenges by generics companies—such as the one we faced recently with Plavix—are becoming the norm.
In addition, the industry is facing an unprecedented wave of patent expirations over the next few years that could impact its ability to invest in research and development (R&D) and deliver strong returns to investors. Fortunately for Bristol-Myers Squibb, our major exclusivity losses are behind us for the time being, although in the 2011–12 time frame in the U.S. we face expiration of the Plavix patent as well as the loss of Abilify—our two top products. This is why it’s so important for us to prepare now for this eventuality.
2 Bristol-Myers Squibb | 2007 Annual Report

 In the course of our review of the business, several things became clear:
• First, we must make fundamental changes in the organization and operations of our company if we want to grow our business, increase shareholder value and become a dynamic biopharmaceutical leader for the future.
• Second, we need to make continuous productivity improve- ment a central tenet of our business and operations going for- ward to keep our R&D and new product engine fully stoked.
• And finally, we must concentrate even harder on delivering greater value to patients fighting serious diseases, which we can achieve by further refining our focus on innovation in our products as well as in the ways we provide our products to patients.
Appreciating the little things
“It’s been quite an ordeal,” says Jean Rymon. That’s an understatement.
Jean, 54, of Emmaus, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed
with breast cancer in 1991 and treated with surgery and chemotherapy. She caught the cancer early, and following treatment she appeared cancer free. She and her husband continued with their lives and raised their two sons, now
24 and 21.
But even as the years passed, cancer was never far from Jean’s mind. She knew it could recur. And in June 2000 it did, when her doctor detected metastases in her lymph nodes and bones.“Since then,” she says,“it seems like I’ve been on every drug available.” Although perhaps slowed, the cancer continued to spread, and it invaded her lungs. “It got pretty bad, and by the end of 2006 I didn’t expect to survive.” Jean was so weak she had to have help to get out of bed. And worse, she had run out of treatment options.
                                 Then her doctor suggested she enter a clinical trial with Ixempra (ixabepilone).“When she told me about it,
I was ready.” Jean entered the trial in May 2007, and since then, she appears to be doing better.“I’m walking and eating better and I’ve got increased stamina. Also I’m cooking and helping with cleaning and the laundry. I never thought I’d appreciate doing those things, but now I do.”
Ixempra, discovered and developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb researchers, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in October 2007. In addition, the Marketing Authorization Application for Ixempra was submitted in September 2007 to the European Medicines Evaluation Agency, and the Japanese New Drug Application was submitted in December.
“I am so fortunate to have benefited from cancer research,” Jean says.“I tell everyone I know,‘Put your money into cancer research!’” For her part, Jean has helped raise $25,000 for breast cancer research.
fighting serious disease
2007 Annual Report | Bristol-Myers Squibb 3
Jean Rymon
                     
   String of Pearls
Bristol-Myers Squibb is committed to helping patients prevailoverseriousdiseases.Toacceleratethediscovery
and development of new therapies, we are complementing and enhancing our internal capabilities with innovative alliances, partnerships and acquisitions. This is our “String of Pearls” strategy.
A recent example of one type of “pearl” is the acquisition of Adnexus Therapeutics, a biotech company that has developed a proprietary and novel class of biologics called Adnectins. The first investigational oncology compound developed from this technology, CT-322, is already in Phase II clinical development for glioblastoma multiforme. In addition, Adnexus has developed a proprietary protein engineering system called PROfusion, which can engineer trillions of protein variations at one time. Together, Adnectins and the PROfusion technology represent a powerful next-generation biologics platform for a wide variety of targets and therapeutic areas.
Pearls such as Adnexus, combined with our existing internal capabilities, will further augment Bristol-Myers Squibb’s pharmaceutical pipeline and ensure the continued delivery of innovative medicines.
adding new pearls 4 Bristol-Myers Squibb | 2007 Annual Report
Last December we unveiled our plans for transforming Bristol- Myers Squibb from a midcap pharmaceutical company to a next–generation BioPharma company. This hybrid approach
combines the strengths of a tra- ditional pharmaceutical com- pany—such as its global reach and its integrated commercial and manufacturing infrastruc- ture—with the advantages of agility, entrepreneurial thinking and flexibility that are charac- teristic of many successful bio- technology companies.
A key element of our new BioPharma approach is a selec- tively integrated business model that basically says we will not do everything ourselves in the extensive process of bringing new medicines to market. Of course we will continue to invest in our productive pipeline: our pharmaceutical R&D expendi- tures exceeded $3 billion in 2007 and are slated to grow modestly in 2008.
At the same time, we’re constantly consid- ering selective acquisitions of companies, products and technologies—along with pursu- ing partnerships—that support our objectives in our disease areas of focus. We call this approach our “String of Pearls” strategy, and I’m happy to say it’s been greatly enhanced with our acquisition of Adnexus Therapeutics in October 2007. This dynamic biotech company is developing an exciting new therapeutic class of biologics targeting cancer and other serious diseases.
Biologics—large molecule protein-based therapeutics—remain a cornerstone of our drug discovery and development strategy in oncol- ogy and immunology, and their importance will only grow. In May 2007 we broke ground on our $750 million biologics manufacturing facility in Devens, Massachusetts, the single largest capital investment in the history of Bristol-Myers Squibb. We expect the Devens plant to begin producing Orencia, our treatment for rheuma- toid arthritis, and other biologics by 2011.
 Janette Abramowitz (right) and Jochem Gokemeijer, scientists at Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Adnexus labs in Waltham,Massachusetts
                                                  
    delivering innovation
Managing disease, managing life
Rod Olson, 42, is director of sales at a shipping company based in
New York. In August 2006 he was feeling unusually tired.“At first I thought
I had bronchitis or the flu,” he says. He went to his doctor and had some blood tests. Later, he was with members of his sales team when the doctor called him with the results: He was HIV positive.“I was shocked at first,”
he says,“but then I thought,‘OK, what do I need to do?’” He went online, did his research and spoke to his doctor. His doctor prescribed Atripla (efavirenz 600 mg/emtricitabine 200 mg/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate
300 mg), a once-daily, single-tablet regimen, the result of a first-of-its-kind collaboration between Bristol-Myers Squibb and Gilead Sciences.“I take one pill a day,” Rod says.“That pill reminds me that I need to be proactive, stay healthy and eat right and exercise. Life is fragile, and sometimes bad things can happen. But for me, HIV is a manageable disease.”
Rod Olson
   As part of our BioPharma strategy, we’re working with partners to share development and commercialization costs and risks for several promising compounds. In April 2007 we announced a worldwide collaboration with Pfizer to develop and commercialize apixaban, a Bristol-Myers Squibb-discovered anticoagulant that is being studied for the prevention and treatment of a broad range of venous and arterial thrombotic conditions.
Our transformation into a next–generation BioPharma company is linked to another important effort designed to make Bristol- Myers Squibb much more productive, efficient and effective. Our Productivity Transformation initiative is intended to free up and redirect resources—time, money and energy—that can be put to better use investing in our pipeline and new products and adding to our “String of Pearls.”
Over the next three years, we expect to reduce spending by $1.5 billion through both cost savings and cost avoidance, and this reduction in our annual cost base will be sustained from 2010 forward. There are more than 300 initiatives under way across the company to achieve this goal, and we’re making good progress so far.
These initiatives include reduc-
ing general and administrative
operations by simplifying, stan-
dardizing and outsourcing,
where appropriate, processes
and services. We’re cutting the
number of brands in the com-
pany’s mature products portfo-
lio by 60 percent over the next
four years and reducing by
more than half the number of
manufacturing facilities by the
end of 2010. We’re also reduc-
ing staff in certain business sup-
port functions while continuing to invest as appropriate in R&D, biologics and drug commercialization talent. Overall we expect a net 10 percent reduction in headcount over the next three years.
It’s important to stress that we’re addressing the productivity issue through actions that are selective and strategic, not across-
                                               2007 Annual Report | Bristol-Myers Squibb 5

      James D. Robinson III
Over his many years
of service on our Board
of Directors, Jim Robinson
has not just witnessed
tremendous change at
Bristol-Myers Squibb—he’s
been a prime driver of it.
During that period, our
company has evolved from
a diversified provider of health, personal care and consumer products to a more focused cutting-edge biopharmaceutical leader. Recently, this transformation has accelerated dramatically—with Jim playing a central role in shaping a compelling vision of success for our company based on the twin tenets of growing shareholder value and helping patients prevail over serious diseases.
Jim came to the chairmanship of Bristol-Myers Squibb at a difficult time in our company’s recent past. He moved quickly to restore confidence, build trust and inspire belief in the importance of our mission and the exciting opportunities ahead for us to make an even bigger difference in the lives of people everywhere. Now, as we move forward with our plans for becoming a next–generation BioPharma company, we are grateful for Jim’s leadership and commitment that have been key to turning those plans into blueprints for action.
Jim stepped down from the Board chairmanship on February 12 as he will soon reach the Board’s mandatory retirement age. Still, I know I can continue to count on him for insight, advice and friendship at this critical time for our company. In recognition of his longstanding commitment to the advancement of medical science and patient care, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation will endow the Bristol-Myers Squibb / James D. Robinson III Chairs to develop young faculty at New York’s Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Jim has long been associated with this renowned cancer treatment and teaching institution. In this way and many others, the legacy of Jim Robinson will continue to touch lives and inspire greatness for many years to come.
— Jim Cornelius
the-board. Bristol-Myers Squibb remains committed to attracting, developing and retaining out- standing talent.
Included in these planned cost cuts is a significant downsizing of our Park Avenue headquarters to much more utilitarian offices on a single, lower floor.
I’m grateful to employees across the company for their ideas—big and small—for saving money. For example, several colleagues determined recently
that we could print our drug information sheets on lighter weight paper, potentially saving the company at least $250,000.
The role of our non-pharmaceutical businesses in our future plans is still being evaluated, though it’s clear our relationship to these brands will shift as part of our BioPharma approach. These busi- nesses are profitable and successful, and they’ve delivered steady growth, excellent margins and stable cash flows. We’re looking for opportunities to increase their value for our shareholders while recognizing that they don’t offer synergy oppor- tunities with the BioPharma model.
Our Medical Imaging business—which is fac- ing a major exclusivity loss this year on its primary product, Cardiolite—was sold in January 2008 to Avista Capital Partners for $525 million. For the remaining two non-pharmaceutical busi- nesses—ConvaTec, a maker of ostomy products and wound therapeutics, and Mead Johnson Nutritionals, a leading provider of infant formula and children’s nutritional products—we’re looking at a range of strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder value.
With such a promising future for the company, I’m pleased the Board voted last December to increase the indicated annual dividend for 2008 by 11 percent to $1.24 per share. And just as important, we’re doing this while also increas- ing investments in the pipeline and achieving significant cost savings in non-priority areas.
Ultimately, our success as a next–generation BioPharma company will be measured by the difference we can make in the lives of patients fighting serious diseases—in our ability to inspire hope for the future. We want as many patients as possible to echo the words of
                                                 6 Bristol-Myers Squibb | 2007 Annual Report

 Nicole Dalton, a patient featured in our Together we can prevail corporate advertising, who is winning her fight with rheumatoid arthritis: “Today, I have a life. I am the champion.”
Building a promising future
I can think of no more exciting time to be part of this great company as it literally reinvents itself for the future. While businesses are always in a state of flux, it’s not common for a company to launch a top-to-bottom transformation of its organi- zation and operational philosophy. But these are not common times for the pharmaceutical industry. For companies to succeed they need to embrace different ways of thinking and acting. I believe our next–generation BioPharma model incorporates the best of these new approaches—and provides the clearest roadmap for achieving our goals.
Feeling optimistic as I do about the future of Bristol-Myers Squibb, I was delighted and honored when fellow Board members approached me about serving as chairman of the Board in addition to chief executive officer. I had planned to continue as CEO only into 2009 but had a true change of heart when it became clear to me how many exciting opportunities lie ahead for this company.
I am fortunate to be working with an outstanding senior lead- ership team who represent a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives. Recently we announced several important changes to that team.
Lamberto Andreotti, executive vice president and chief operat- ing officer of our pharmaceuticals business, has assumed addi- tional responsibility for Mead Johnson Nutritionals and ConvaTec. He is now executive vice president and chief operating officer of the company. Lamberto and Elliott Sigal, executive vice president and chief scientific officer, continue to help shape and drive the transformation of our company to a next-generation BioPharma leader.
In addition, John Celentano, formerly president of the Health Care Group, is now responsible for
Strategy, Corporate and Business
Development, and Infomation
Management and Global Shared Services. He remains our Produc- tivity Transformation chief as well.
I also want to welcome several new members of the Manage- ment Council. Jean-Marc Huet is our chief financial officer, who will assume his duties at the end of this month. He joins us from Royal Numico N.V., a nutritional products company that was recently acquired by Danone.
Anthony McBride is our new senior vice president for Human Resources. He has held several human resources leadership positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, including most recently head of that function in our pharmaceuticals business. Brian Daniels, senior vice president of Global Development in our R&D organi- zation, has played a key leadership role in our drug development strategy for several years and will now bring that expertise directly to the Management Council.
Jean-Marc and Anthony succeed, respectively, Andrew Bonfield, who is leaving to pursue other interests, and Steve Bear, who is retiring. I am grateful to both Andrew and Steve for their wise counsel and dedicated service to Bristol-Myers Squibb.
I have been deeply impressed by the passion and commitment of our employees all across the company. Following one of my regular companywide communications on our plans for the future, an employee e-mailed me: “This is why I joined Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our focus remains on the patients and the fight to cure, or help with, serious diseases.”
Before closing, I would like to acknowledge several other Board developments. I’m pleased to welcome Alan J. Lacy and Togo D. West Jr. to the Board. Alan is senior advisor to Oak Hill Capital Partners, L.P., a private equity investment firm, and former CEO and vice chairman of Sears, Roebuck and Co. Togo is chairman of TLI Leadership Group and of Noblis, Inc., and a former U.S. secretary of the army and U.S. secretary of veterans affairs.
In addition, I congratulate Board member Lewis B. Campbell on his appointment as lead independent director. In this role, Lewis will facilitate information flow and communication between the other directors and myself. And finally, on behalf of the entire Board, I thank Jim Robinson for his dedicated and outstanding service as non-executive chairman from June 2005 until February 2008.
To my colleagues on the Board—and to all of the outstanding employees of Bristol-Myers Squibb—thank you for your ongoing support and commitment. It would be impossible to imagine—let alone plan for—such a promising future for our company without your singular dedication to our mission and goals.
James M. Cornelius
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2008
  2007 Annual Report | Bristol-Myers Squibb 7
