To our Stockholders
It is a rare opportunity to be part of something truly transformational. Bristol-Myers Squibb is no longer "becoming BioPharma." We stand today as a fully focused and energized BioPharma company, confident in our strategy, confident in our people and confident in our culture. In 2009, we took three significant steps to complete our transformation: · We extended our partnership with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., thus adding 29 additional months of Abilify sales in the U.S.; · We acquired Medarex, Inc., significantly expanding our oncology pipeline and biologics capabilities; and · We split off our holdings in Mead Johnson Nutrition, creating shareholder value and focusing Bristol-Myers Squibb solely on biopharmaceuticals. And in 2009, we delivered on our commitments. I am pleased to report that for the third consecutive year our company has performed well and achieved strong financial results with growth in sales and earnings.

James M. Cornelius
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

For the year, we posted a 6 percent sales growth, led by our key products such as Plavix, Abilify, Baraclude, Orencia, the Sustiva franchise, Sprycel and Reyataz. In 2009, net sales from continuing operations were $18.8 billion, compared with $17.7 billion in 2008. Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.63 in 2009 compared with $1.35 in 2008, and non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.85 and $1.49, respectively. And we ended the year with nearly $10 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities ­ funds that will enable us to further invest in our future.
DELIVERING ON OUR COMMITMENTS

As recently as two years ago, Bristol-Myers Squibb was a traditional diversified midsized pharmaceutical and health care products company. As others have merged into megacompanies, we are becoming more streamlined and focused. As others have broadened their portfolios, we are focusing on select areas of medical need. As others have widened their geographic footprints, we are concentrating on key major and emerging markets. Today we are a BioPharma leader with a vision for the future. We are leaner, more agile and better able to execute our strategy and adapt quickly to change. Our entire organization is focused on a single mission: to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. Our transformation is working. For the past two years, our total return for shareholders, including dividends, has been among the best in the industry. We promised to deliver a 15 percent compound annual growth rate in our non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations from 2007 to 2010, and ­ if we meet our expected 2010 non-GAAP guidance ­ we are on track to exceed that. We outperformed most mega pharma companies, diversified companies and pure biotech companies, as well as the industry average. In December, we announced an increase in the dividend per share of common stock to $0.32 per quarter. Reflecting our long-standing commitment to deliver shareholder value,I am proud to say that our company has paid dividends to stockholders every single quarter since December 1, 1933. We have driven solid, global top-line growth and are doing a good job in managing expenses. We are now in a period of growth, which I believe will continue through 2011.

2009 Annual Report Bristol-Myers Squibb 1

PRODUCT AND PIPELINE ADVANCES

In 2009, we gained regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe for Onglyza, an important new medicine for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in adults. Onglyza was discovered by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is being developed and marketed in partnership with AstraZeneca. This approval marks the reentry of our company into metabolics, an area in which we have a strong legacy and in which we intend to return to a leadership position. Following Onglyza ­ and also with AstraZeneca ­ we are developing dapagliflozin, a potentially first-in-class compound in Phase III clinical development for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Since 2002, we have delivered nine important new products, including two biologic medicines. This output compares favorably to many of our competitors, even those whose R&D spend is significantly greater than ours. pipeline
Bristol-Myers Squibb is dedicated to discovering and developing innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs in key disease areas. In doing so, we believe we can better help patients prevail. Compounds in Exploratory Development are in preclinical or early clinical development. Full Development compounds are investigational drugs that are in later-stage clinical development or have been submitted to regulatory agencies for approval. Finally, medicines in Marketed Product Development are driving current and future growth while also undergoing continued clinical development to determine whether additional indications and formulations will benefit patients.
Disease areas

Our pipeline continues to expand. During the past year, we increased the number of compounds in Exploratory and Full Development by nearly 40 percent. About one-third of our compounds in development are biologics. We have restructured our collaboration agreement with Eli Lilly and Company ­ originally signed in 2001 with ImClone ­ to include necitumumab, a novel biologic in Phase III development for non-small cell lung cancer. We will share development and potential commercialization in the U.S., Canada and Japan. In September, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration accepted the company's submission of a Biologic License Application for belatacept, a promising investigational immunosuppressive agent for use in kidney transplantation. And following belatacept, we anticipate regulatory submissions for up to four new drugs through 2012.
A FOCUSED STRATEGY

Cancer Cardiovascular immunology

(including Rheumatoid Arthritis and Solid Organ Transplant Rejection)

Metabolics

As we have pursued our BioPharma strategy, we have taken steps to reduce the number of our manufacturing facilities by approximately 50 percent since 2006, monetized our nonpharma businesses and focused on our biopharmaceutical business. In February, we executed the highly successful partial IPO (initial public offering) of Mead Johnson Nutrition, and we split off our remaining holdings of Mead Johnson in December. In April, we extended our commercialization agreement with Otsuka for Abilify. Our collaboration with Otsuka, which had been scheduled to terminate in the U.S. in 2012, will now continue until 2015. In addition, as a global but focused BioPharma company, we are expanding into select emerging markets ­ those that represent significant long-term-growth opportunities. Our approach is to successfully develop and commercialize select, innovative products in a specific set of key high-growth markets ­ namely, Brazil, Russia, India, China and Turkey.

(including Diabetes and Obesity)

neuroscience

(including Psychiatric Disorders and Alzheimer's Disease)

Virology

(including HIV/AIDS and Hepatitis) Each investigational compound is represented in the chart as a bar.
exploratory Development Full Development Marketed product Development
Pipeline chart as of January 1, 2010.

2

PRODUCTIVITY INITIATIVES

Bristol-Myers Squibb is becoming more agile, entrepreneurial and accountable, and our productivity initiatives are helping fuel those cultural changes. While growing top-line sales and building our pipeline, we are reducing our cost base by simplifying our organization, making it more cohesive and efficient. Our productivity initiatives are on track to meet or exceed our $2.5 billion cost improvement goal by the end of 2011. Today, our productivity improvement is continuous and sustainable. As an example, with funding derived from productivity savings in Exploratory Development, the R&D organization is advancing a number of early development compounds into Phase I and Phase II development, thus creating more output at the same level of spend. While overall strategic objectives are still established from a corporate perspective, the business units have greater responsibility for determining how to achieve those objectives, and employees have greater accountability for their success. However, our competitive landscape is constantly changing. World economies are still struggling, generic competitors are eroding our Plavix sales in Europe, payer and customer demands are increasing, and it is likely that some form of health care reform in the U.S. will impact our company. Therefore, we are taking additional steps to identify increased savings in order to deliver our 2010 commitments.
OUR STRING OF PEARLS

Productivity isn't just about saving money. To succeed, we need to take our savings and reinvest in our future, such as product launches, key product development and our String of Pearls. In 2007, with the purchase of Adnexus Pharmaceuticals, we launched our String of Pearls initiative of innovative alliances, partnerships and acquisitions. Each transaction is highly strategic, designed to enhance our own internal capabilities and targeted to fit within our overall strategy. For instance, we have made a strategic decision to return to a leadership position in oncology based on a strong legacy in cancer medicines dating back 40 years. Our current portfolio includes three key products ­ Erbitux, Sprycel and Ixempra ­ and we have a robust pipeline of innovative medicines in development. To further enhance our position, in August we acquired Medarex, Inc., for $2.3 billion. In 2009, we also entered into global collaborations with ZymoGenetics, Nissan Chemical Industries and Teijin Pharma, and Alder Biopharmaceuticals. In early 2010, we entered into a global collaboration with Allergan. Our full array of 10 pearls encompasses many of our key disease areas, including cancer, cardiovascular disease, immunology, neuroscience and virology.
BUILDING ThE FUTURE

COrpOraTe CiTiZensHip
Bristol-Myers Squibb has been recognized for corporate citizenship and sustainability. Among our 2009 honors and recognitions: · #1 Best Corporate Citizen by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine; · Awarded the Allicense Breakthrough Alliance Award, which honors the world's most innovative biotech and pharma partnerships, for the second year in a row; · Ranked eighth among 500 of America's largest corporations in Newsweek's Green Ranking; · 40th among 100 of the world's most respected companies ranked by Barron's magazine; and · Included on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index as among the leading sustainabilitydriven companies.

We've accomplished a lot, but challenges remain. Our chief concerns are patent expirations beginning in 2012 in the U.S. with Plavix and Avapro. By reining in costs, rationalizing our manufacturing network and advancing our new products, we are now fundamentally better off. Thanks to all of our BioPharma initiatives ­ including the extension of our collaboration with Otsuka ­ we have transformed

2009 Annual Report Bristol-Myers Squibb 3

what was previously thought of as a cliff in 2012 and 2013 to a more manageable plateau on which we can create a platform for future growth. For whatever lies ahead, we are in a much stronger position ­ and better prepared to build our next period of growth projected for 2014 and beyond.
OUR MISSION AND COMMITMENT

Bristol-Myers Squibb has transformed. But we have never swayed from our commitment to our patients. Curtis Dunaway is one such patient. In 2007, at age 39, Curtis was suffering from kidney failure. "I was on the verge of knocking at death's door," he says. He received a transplant and was given immunosuppressant drugs, but the side effects left him increasingly shaky, restless and sleep deprived. Then researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, Medical Center asked him if he'd like to enter a clinical trial for belatacept. He did, and Curtis has responded well. "With the grace of God, my life has literally been given back to me," he says. "No words can express my appreciation and gratitude." It is for patients like Curtis that Bristol-Myers Squibb employees come to work every day.

On March 2, 2010, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced that Lamberto Andreotti (left), president and chief operating officer, will become chief executive officer, effective May 4, 2010. Jim Cornelius will remain chairman of the board. "Lamberto has demonstrated extraordinary leadership as president and chief operating officer," said Mr. Cornelius. "He is the ideal candidate to lead the company as we move forward with our BioPharma strategy." Mr. Andreotti has been with Bristol-Myers Squibb for 12 years in senior leadership roles, both in the U.S. and internationally.

To better reflect Bristol-Myers Squibb as we are today ­ and with input from employees worldwide and the approval of the Management Council and the Board of Directors ­ we have redefined our company's mission statement and created a new Mission and Commitment (featured in a special section beginning on the facing page). Now, our Mission is a succinct 14 words: "To discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases." This Mission clearly sets us apart as a company dedicated to providing medicines that address unmet medical needs. We have transformed our company, delivered on our commitments and set a course for the future. This would not have been possible without unflagging dedication and innovation by our employees and counsel and support by our Board of Directors. To be sure, there are challenges ahead. But I have every confidence that we are now prepared to face them head-on and to emerge stronger than ever.

James M. Cornelius Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2010

4

