MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Bristol-Myers Squibb is a company on the move. Driving results. Building our future. Making a difference in people’s lives.
Throughout 2013, we delivered across the board and across the globe. Commercially. Clinically. Strategically. We continued our balanced approach of delivering for patients today, while investing for patients tomorrow.
We ended the year in a strong, forward-leaning position. Our financial performance was solid. Our pipeline was robust. And our BioPharma transformation entered into a new, exciting phase – one geared toward making us one of the industry’s leading specialty care companies.
Simply stated, 2013 was an important year for Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Driving Results
Our total shareholder return was 70%, which was well above our peer average of 36%. We also met our goals with respect to earnings per share and sales.
Our revenue was $16.4 billion, which represents a 7% decrease in company sales – a decline largely caused by the loss of exclusiv- ity of Plavix and Avapro in the U.S. the previous year – but each of our new and in-line products delivered strong, meaningful results. Among the key drivers with double-digit growth were Yervoy (metastatic melanoma), Sprycel (chronic myeloid leukemia), Orencia (rheumatoid arthritis) and Baraclude (hepatitis B).
In fact, excluding Plavix and Avapro, we delivered a 9% increase. This is significant, because it underscores the strength of our current portfolio and the potential for sustained long-term growth.
Much of our research and development focus in 2013 was in three therapeutic areas: cardiovascular, immuno-oncology
and hepatitis C. We met our objective regarding the number of Phase III compounds and exceeded our goals regarding life-cycle management of our products. Additionally, we presented important clinical data and made key regulatory advances.
Cardiovascular
It was a very important year for Eliquis. We launched in major markets around the world for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation, and sales trended positively throughout the year. And based on very favorable data, we filed in the U.S. and Europe for the treat- ment of venous thromboembolism, thus potentially expanding
the patient populations who could be served by this relatively new, increasingly popular cardiovascular medicine.
Immuno-oncology
It was a very exciting year for our immuno-oncology platform because it became increasingly clear that our products have the potential to fundamentally transform cancer care – making it possible for patients to live longer, better lives.
Our first immuno-oncology therapy, Yervoy, is now available in more than 40 markets and delivered a 36% increase in sales last year. We presented compelling long-term survival data for Yervoy in metastatic melanoma and advanced our work with nivolumab in multiple tumor types – metastatic melanoma, renal cancer and lung cancer. Nivolumab, which is also being studied both as a monotherapy as well as in combination therapy, is the subject of more than 30 ongoing clinical studies for a range of cancers.
Hepatitis C
And it was a very promising year for our hepatitis C portfolio. Our compounds continued to show real potential, particularly
in Japan, where we filed our dual regimen late last year. In addi- tion, we submitted daclatasvir in Europe and initiated a Phase III study for a fixed-dose combination, which incorporates three
of our oral agents in a single tablet.
Building Our Future
While driving these results, we also continued building our com- pany’s future – moving our transformation forward, maintaining the momentum of the past few years.
In fact, since 2007, we have executed against a BioPharma strategy that has effectively turned Bristol-Myers Squibb into an industry leader. We have focused our resources on innovative pharmaceuticals. We have strengthened our pipeline and port- folio and diversified our geographical emphasis. And we have constantly evolved our organization to meet the challenges and opportunities of an ever-changing external environment.
It was in that spirit that we announced in December our decision to sell the diabetes business of Bristol-Myers Squibb which comprised our global alliance with AstraZeneca – an important decision that was taken after a thorough assessment of the benefits it will generate for our company. It was also in that spirit that we sharpened our company’s R&D strategic focus to a more specialty care model.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
2
   2013 Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report

 “Bristol-Myers Squibb is
a company on the move. Driving results. Building our future. Making a ”difference in people’s lives.
– Lamberto Andreotti, Chief Executive Officer
Taken together, these developments allow us to target our resources in a way that benefits our shareholders and the patients we serve. We are now able to invest more time, energy and money in those specialty areas where we can compete most effectively and can have a greater impact, such as immuno- oncology, virology including hepatitis C, rheumatoid arthritis and stroke prevention.
To support this new model, we strengthened our Commercial organization by making it more global, more integrated and more streamlined. We also strengthened our Finance organization by integrating it with Strategy and Business Development – a move that will enhance our ability to align the long-term priorities of
our company.
Additionally, we made several key changes to my Senior Management Team. Francis Cuss became our Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer. Giovanni Caforio became our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Anne Nielsen became our Chief Compliance and Ethics Officer. The responsibilities of Chief Financial Officer Charlie Bancroft expanded to include Strategy and Business Development.
And we welcomed Ann Powell Judge, Senior Vice President for Human Resources.
Making a Difference
Throughout the year, we maintained our singular focus on people – those who use our medicines, those who live in our communi- ties and those who call Bristol-Myers Squibb home. Whether we were driving results or building our future, everything we did in 2013 was centered on making a difference in people’s lives.
Additionally, our commitment to people was the driving force behind the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation’s work in Africa
3
(HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, cervical cancer), Asia (hepatitis B
and C), North America (diabetes, cancer and returning veterans) and Europe (cancer).
Our commitment to people was the reason for our continued work in support of the United Nations Global Compact princi- ples, our significant progress toward the Bristol-Myers Squibb Sustainability 2015 Goals and our own “Go Green” initiatives at our sites around the world.
And our commitment to people was at the heart of all we did to maintain a workplace that promotes diversity and inclusion and provides an atmosphere conducive to personal growth and professional development.
Going Forward
2014 promises to be another important year.
We will continue to drive results. We will continue to build our future. We will continue to make a difference in people’s lives by providing new hope for our patients, new initiatives for our communities and new opportunities for our employees.
And we will do all of this while maintaining our steadfast commitment to business ethics and personal integrity.
This is who we are. This is what we do. This is Bristol-Myers Squibb today.
Lamberto Andreotti Chief Executive Officer
March 5, 2014
       2013 Bristol-Myers Squibb Annual Report
