                      chairman’s
letter Annual Report 2009

2
A great story unfolds on the pages that follow. It is a story about growth, impact, value, and values.
Booz Allen Hamilton is a trusted long-term partner for clients seeking expertise, objectivity, and enduring results. As I look back on the firm’s 95th year as a leader in the consulting profession, I couldn’t be more proud of the strength of our business today, our enduring legacy, and our outlook for the future. Revenues increased to more than $5 billion for fiscal year 2010 (April 1, 2009–March 31, 2010), and our total backlog of work now exceeds $5.3 billion. Our clients’ satisfaction is extremely high—evidenced by our follow-on work, past performance ratings, and award fees. And I’m proud that Booz Allen has provided
“As I look back on the firm’s 95th year as a leader in the consulting profession,
I couldn’t be more proud of the strength
of our business today, our enduring” legacy, and our outlook for the future.
rewarding careers for more than 22,000 talented employees across the United States and worldwide, and that we supported jobs for thousands of others among our subcontractors and vendors.
More than a year has passed since
Booz Allen changed its course by separat- ing its US government and commercial consulting businesses into two indepen-
dent companies. The true test of such a major transaction is how a company performs in the aftermath, and Booz Allen has reached new heights in reputation and revenue. In fact, we are generating more revenue today than before we spun off the commercial business in July 2008. We have sharpened our focus, providing mission-critical profes- sional services primarily to US government clients in the defense, security, and civil sectors. Our expertise and services are also in demand from selected corporations, institutions, and not-for-profit organizations.
                   
 A consulting heritage sets us apart
While embracing the future, we’re convinced that our past—our management consult- ing heritage and legacy of client service—sets us apart. We don’t have customers, we serve clients. This is a key distinction for us. We look beyond the requirements of a single contract to address the broader context of our client’s mission. And the evidence of our clients’ satisfaction is this: We have relationships that go back an average of more than 20 years with our 10 largest client organizations.
Our ability to meet and exceed client expectations originates in a well-established col- laborative culture uniquely supported by the firm’s operating model. Incentives that reward firmwide success and cooperation reinforce this culture, as does our financial structure, which has a single profit and loss center. As a result, we can draw upon a wide pool of expertise to serve clients, rapidly deploying talent and resources as mar- ket needs and opportunities arise.
Clients face tremendous demands, limited resources
In today’s environment, our clients face huge demands from citizens, businesses,
local governments, and global allies and adversaries. Federal government agencies must meet these great challenges, while doing more with less. Booz Allen helps clients anticipate changing demands, evaluate and respond rapidly to problems and opportuni- ties, and establish priorities to ensure that the most important objectives are met.
2009 annual report | chairman’s letter 3

As an institution, we’ve learned to foresee and embrace change—not resist it. We scan the horizon to imagine what the future will bring. Then we invest what it takes to develop the ideas and services that will help our clients succeed in a changing world.
Leading ideas make an impact
For a professional services firm like Booz Allen, a commitment to developing innovative ideas and embracing the latest technologies is paramount—and another factor that sets
Booz Allen people survey responses*
Percentage of survey respondents who...
Indicate they are proud to work at Booz Allen
Will recommend the firm to others
Feel they are treated with respect as an individual
Collaborate with others in order to get their jobs done
Believe Booz Allen has a good reputation in the consulting industry
Agree the firm has strong business prospects during the next 2 to 3 years
Rate Booz Allen’s focus on clients and quality of products and services favorably
0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100% *data from 2009 internal staff survey that realized an 84% response rate
us apart. For example, we began building cyber-capabilities years ago, and we’ve established our own Cyber University
to equip our staff with credentials and expertise. We’ve honed cutting-edge ideas and methodologies to assist clients facing new challenges in finance, healthcare, en- ergy, the environment, and transportation.
We are a leader and innovator in cloud computing, and our groundbreaking megacommunitiesTM approach continues to shape public response to society’s most complex problems. In the past year, as a sponsor of the Aspen Ideas Festival, we were again at the forefront of discussions about vital, emerging is- sues. Our thought leadership on cyberse- curity, healthcare issues, environmental sustainability, and other compelling
                   4
topics reached broad audiences through conferences and major media outlets, including the Wall Street Journal, the Washington Post, and CNN.
Our people and culture rate an A+
Booz Allen people hold client service as their highest calling and conduct business with uncompromising integrity, guided by the firm’s 10 Core Values. We build our teams with individuals who are experts and leaders in their fields, and provide them with the work experiences, training, and support to ensure that they continually grow both profession- ally and personally.
We’re justifiably proud of our people, and we foster a culture that demands and rewards high performance. In 2009, Booz Allen once again was named a best company to work for
                   
by Fortune, Working Mother, Business Week, and many other third-party organizations. An overwhelming majority of respondents to an internal employee survey reported their pride in Booz Allen and said they would recommend the firm to others (see chart at left).
We care about our communities and the planet
Beyond serving as a valued client partner, we take seriously our responsibilities as citizens of the world. The spirit of service runs deep in our firm. Last year, we supported more than 500 charitable organizations and community outreach programs through volunteerism, community partnerships, philanthropy, and pro bono work. When we at Booz Allen step in to help, we do more than send a check; we give of ourselves.
In January 2009, Booz Allen began a partnership with Ocean Conservancy and its Inter- national Coastal Cleanup effort to develop a three-year strategy to improve the health of the world’s oceans and waterways. In September, more than 200 Booz Allen volunteers across the nation took matters into their own hands, removing trash from oceans, bays, and local waterways, from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Earlier this year, we also raised more than $75,000 in staff contributions within 24 hours for the American Red Cross Haiti Relief Fund, helped young people develop sci- ence and technology skills through our partnership with For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology (FIRST), donated programs and services to the USO, and sup- ported the North American Aerospace Defense Command’s Web site and social media campaign called NORAD Tracks Santa.
Booz Allen is proud to sponsor the Smithsonian American Art Museum’s upcoming exhi- bition “Telling Stories: Norman Rockwell from the Collections of George Lucas and Steven Spielberg.” Offering the public a view of more than 50 rarely seen Rockwell paintings and drawings, the exhibition will run from July 2, 2010, through January 2, 2011.
We’re ready for what’s next
The future can be a scary place, because human nature naturally fears the unknown. But the future is also our greatest gift, and we have the responsibility to envision and work to- ward creating the best future possible. When government and society reach critical junctures that make change essential, Booz Allen does its finest work. With fresh thinking, practical strategies, and keen technology insights, we will continue to do what we do best: deliver enduring results that help clients succeed. We are confident that the year to come will bring great value to those we serve, and as a result, continued great success for Booz Allen.
Ralph W. Shrader, Ph.D.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 2009 annual report | chairman’s letter 5
