 Ready for What’s Next
A Letter from Ralph W. Shrader
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Booz Allen Hamilton is in the business of change. We’ve helped thousands of clients seize opportunities and navigate turbulent times. And in 2008, our own firm undertook some of the most exciting and dramatic changes we have been through in my 34 years here.
On July 31, 2008, we sep- arated our 94-year-old firm into two independent companies. Booz Allen Hamilton has sharp- ened its focus on full-service consulting to US government and institutional clients, while
also providing expert technical services in areas such as cybersecurity, information technology, and resilience for the commer- cial and nonprofit sectors. Our legacy partner, Booz & Company, focuses on global commercial management consulting.
This change comes from a position
of strength. For more than a decade, Booz Allen’s government business (also known as the Worldwide Technology Business) has enjoyed double-digit growth. In 2008 alone, our revenue is up 18 percent, profitability is strong, and we have a backlog of sold work in excess of $2 billion. The Carlyle Group, the leading global private equity firm, made a $2.54 billion investment that provides added strength to our firm and underscores
their belief in the long-term prospects of Booz Allen and its management team.
Booz Allen is front and center in help- ing clients solve the most pressing prob- lems of the 21st century—securing our
homeland, combating global terrorism, providing vital citizen services, and pro- tecting the environment. Our ideas on topics such as cloud computing, cyber- security, unmanned warfare, and health- care reform are having broad reach in the press and at major conferences, and two recent books by Booz Allen authors, Megacommunities and Wargaming for Leaders, have received critical acclaim. In recognition of its impact and stature, Booz Allen was named Contractor of the Year in the government services sector by the Professional Services Council, the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce, and Washington Technology magazine.
At a time when the global economy is under great strain, Booz Allen delivers results that are practical and effective, and that bring significant value to our clients. We enhance our clients’ capabili- ties, giving them access to recognized experts and a deep bench of talented professionals. Booz Allen invests signifi- cant time and resources to develop a highly educated and qualified workforce that stays abreast of the latest thinking in technical and management disciplines.
Booz Allen’s people are its brains and heart. They bring to their work the pas- sion and integrity that has been the firm’s signature for more than 90 years. Again in 2008, we were named a best company to work for by Fortune, Working Mother, BusinessWeek, and many others.
The firm’s values are evident in its commitment to the community. We sup- port numerous charitable causes, from global healthcare initiatives to local
  © 2009 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
2
Booz Allen Hamilton

                                               performing arts groups. This year we established a major sponsorship with the USO and launched a program in 12 cities called FIRST Robotics, which supports science and technology education. In 27 locations across the country, we fixed homes for the poor and elderly through Rebuilding Together, and we sponsored 48 Relay for Life teams, raising more than $100,000 for the American Cancer Society. We also sponsored the second Nonprofit Conference on Fundraising Development in Fairfax, Virginia. The event drew 300 attendees from 180 nonprofit organizations; it is an example of how Booz Allen gives back by sharing expertise as well as funds.
After a year of dynamic change, we’re responding boldly to the needs and oppor- tunities ahead—in financial reform, health- care reform, cybersecurity, alternative energy, design for affordability of major weapons programs, and the rebuilding of the nation’s transportation infrastructure. As we enter our 95th year, we bring clients the wisdom and experience of age com- bined with the creativity and energy of youth—ensuring that we, and those we serve, will always be ready for what’s next.
Ralph W. Shrader, Ph.D.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
  www.boozallen.com
Contents
4 Helping Clients Meet Their Mission
A review of some of the most interesting, high-impact assignments from the past year.
22 Thought Leadership
The powerful concepts and methodologies that enrich the value we provide clients.
28 People of Booz Allen Hamilton Stories of a few of our colleagues
who make a difference in their workplace and in the world.
46 Principal Offices
48 Leadership
Board of Directors Leadership Team Senior Vice Presidents Vice Presidents
                                                