 4 Booz Allen Hamilton
“Today’s conditions make us even more committed to serve our clients exceptionally well, win new work, and shape our future.”
—Ralph W. Shrader
Dear Colleagues and Shareholders:
As Booz Allen Hamilton approaches its centennial year in 2014, we look back with pride on a job well done. For 99 years, we’ve succeeded by anticipating and responding to clients’ needs, adapting to changing market conditions, and making business decisions that have kept us at the forefront of consulting and technology. By embracing change, we’ve become a strong public company—and the industry leader in integrating leading ideas and technologies into our clients’ missions. Simply put, the services we provide help federal government and commercial enterprises accomplish their most important work—work that protects our nation and drives our society and our economy forward.
Yet in my long tenure with Booz Allen, I’ve never encountered market forces as severe and punishing as these: Fiscal crisis. Political paralysis. Sequestration. Pricing pressures and spending constraints. As a result, government and commercial entities are changing the way they buy their services, and many contractors are struggling to respond. Fortunately, we saw this shift early
on and have worked hard to stay ahead of the curve. We’re doing what’s necessary to manage these challenges, ensure we can serve clients well, and continue to deliver value well beyond our cost.

Improving Our Cost Structure
Amid all of these forces, Booz Allen performed well in fiscal year 2013. Revenues declined by 1.7 percent to $5.76 billion, resulting from a small reduction in billable expenses and reductions in headcount due to modestly lower demand in an uncertain federal budget environment. Lower headcount led to fewer billable hours; however, improved productivity of consulting staff helped minimize the impact. Adjusted Net Income increased to $239.5 million, from $227.2 million, and Adjusted EBITDA increased 8.4 percent to
$528.8 million, reflecting our ability to carefully and effectively manage both operating costs and labor capacity. Our backlog grew to $11.83 billion at March 31, 2013, as we won important new contracts across all market areas that will draw on our full set of management consulting, technology, and engineering capabilities. We also generated $431.5 million in Free Cash Flow, which provides flexibility for the future and the ability to reward shareholders. We completed strategic acquisitions in the past year, most notably the Defense Systems Engineering and Support Division of ARINC Incorporated, that will broaden and deepen our engineering capabilities and connect us to new clients. And we gave investors a significant return for their ownership of Booz Allen stock at a time when our stock price was constrained by macro market trends. During fiscal 2013, we returned $8.36 per share in dividends.
How did Booz Allen deliver these results in this uncertain market? Two words come to mind: discipline and resilience. We focused on controlling the many things we could control—things like the quality of our work, the attention we pay to contractual requirements, and the ethics and integrity with which we do business. From a financial perspective, we worked hard to reduce costs and to manage our operations with agility and precision. We used all the available management levers to maintain a strong balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow. These actions have fortified us in the short term, giving us financial flexibility to invest for the long term.
We also recognized that we needed to be out in front and shape our destiny, not wait for the pressures affecting our industry to abate. We undertook a long-range strategic-planning initiative known as Vision 2020. Our leadership team invested significant time identifying those values and practices that have fueled our past success—and others that will be critical to our future. We reaffirmed the principles and characteristics that differentiate us most: our client mission focus; our knowledge and capabilities; our commitment to serving clients and communities; our core value system built on ethics and integrity; and a collaborative culture in which diverse, multiskilled teams work side by side with each other and with clients. We also committed to additional practices that will help us further improve our cost structure, move even
Fiscal Year 2013 Report 5

6 Booz Allen Hamilton
closer to clients and to the markets we serve, expand our revenue stream, and strengthen our competitive position.
Evolving Our Operating Model
For the past 20 years, we have relied on an operating matrix that helped our government business achieve substantial growth during an era of increased government spending. But in today’s environment, we need even greater operating agility and leadership flexibility so we can respond to market changes almost instantaneously. This reality calls for a new organizational design that simplifies our matrix, improves accountability, and facilitates growth in new business areas. We took an in-depth look at our markets, our own book of business, our internal structure, and our business model and examined how they all fit together. We seized the moment to rethink and rebuild Booz Allen as a more integrated enterprise that takes full advantage of all of the capabilities and service offerings our clients value. The result:
a new operating model, which we launched on April 1, 2013.
This model aligns our operating structure with the way clients view our business while still preserving the collaborative culture that differentiates Booz Allen. Our staff and capabilities are now housed within market-facing teams and our new Strategic Innovation Group, and they are connected and developed through a strong network of Functional Communities and an internal resource management function that has the charter to move staff across the entire firm. This approach enables us to quickly deploy multifaceted teams with the right skills and expertise to address specific client challenges. Internally, the model gives leaders the transparency and agility to manage staff more efficiently and productively. It also pushes accountability and decision making deeper into the organization.
Implementing this new model requires a smaller team of senior leaders who have filled many roles within Booz Allen. Members of our new Executive Management Committee are better positioned to deliver the resources
and services each client and mission requires. We can also make much more precise decisions about where we want to spend our investment resources—an important consideration during a period when these overhead dollars have become increasingly scarce. And, we can manage our bottom line more effectively so we can return value to investors in today’s slower-growth environment.
Excellence at Work
When the next chapter of Booz Allen’s history is written, fiscal 2013 will emerge as a pivotal year that repositioned our firm not just to thrive in

today’s uncertain economy and federal government market, but also to extend our legacy of success for years to come. Rapid change is challenging for any organization, and Booz Allen is no exception. But we believe we’ve accomplished much more than adjusting our cost structure and rewarding
our shareholders. We moved our management team and partners closer to our markets and clients, gave them more room to operate, and made them more accountable for staff development. We identified a series of promising new growth avenues that will reinvigorate our offerings, enhance our technical and engineering capabilities, and focus and drive investment decisions. We established the Strategic Innovation Group to put innovation at the center
of our work and our culture. And we strengthened our value proposition for employees by increasing our investments in education and technical training and opening new career paths. By any measure, these are all important achievements that will make us stronger, more agile, more competitive,
and more resilient.
As I sign this letter in June 2013, the federal government remains hamstrung by sequestration and deeply divided about fiscal policy. There’s still much uncertainty in the primary markets we serve, and we have no crystal ball
to predict what will transpire. But there are several core strengths that
bode well for Booz Allen’s future. Over time, we have built deep, lasting relationships with clients who value our capabilities and consider us vitally
 An Efficient New Operating Model
                                                                                                                                                 Fiscal Year 2013 Report 7
 
important to their missions. We have attracted diverse, skilled, and committed people who bring knowledge, energy, teamwork, and integrity to every engagement. We have built a strong reputation as an organization that contributes time, expertise, and resources to support our communities. We are grateful for the many sacrifices our country’s active military service members and veterans make
to protect our freedom, and we strive to support them in the workplace and at home. Above all, we are committed to make our client’s mission our mission—to always deliver the best, uniquely shaped by our consulting heritage and deep technical capabilities.
I invite you to read about our accomplishments in fiscal year 2013—and about the Excellence at Work our clients see every day as we work side by side to help them succeed.
Ralph W. Shrader, Ph.D.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President June 21, 2013
  Awards and Recognition
 Booz Allen Hamilton’s high standing as a business, employer, and community supporter was recognized by dozens of awards from major publications and organizations in fiscal 2013*, including:
• “World’s Most Admired Companies”—Fortune magazine
• “Best Firms to Work For”—Consulting Magazine
• “Working Mother 100 Best Companies”—Working Mother magazine
• “Best Places to Work in IT”—Computerworld magazine
• “Top IT Consulting Firms”—Vault.com
• “Top 100 Military-Friendly Employers”—G.I. Jobs magazine
• “Ten Best Corporations for Veteran-Owned Businesses”—National Veteran-Owned Business Association • “Top 50 Companies for Diversity”—DiversityInc
• “Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality”—Human Rights Campaign
* April 1, 2012, to March 31, 2013
8 Booz Allen Hamilton
