Chairman’s Report to Unitholders
TBo Our Unitholders:
 We are committed to attracting
and retaining the best people in
the industry so
we can continue
to achieve superior financial results.
uckeye Partners achieved another year of growth and success in 2007. The Partnership reported excellent
financial results, and increased the cash distributions paid to unitholders in each quarter of 2007.
In June of 2007 Carlyle/Riverstone sold its interest in the general partner to ArcLight Capital, Kelso & Co and Lehman Brothers, and I joined Buckeye as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. I am delighted to have the opportunity to be associated with the tradition of excellence that has characterized Buckeye during its more than 120 years of business operations.
In connection with the change of ownership of the general partner, Buckeye welcomed new members to its board of direc- tors. Daniel Revers, Robb Turner, Michael Goldberg and Irvin Culpepper, Jr. joined
the Board in June, and Scott Hobbs, Mark McKinley and Clark Smith were appointed in October. Each of these individuals brings valuable experience and insight to our business, and they will help us to build on Buckeye’s record of success. I would like
to acknowledge the service and contribu- tions of departing President and Chief
Edward Kosnik, Jonathan O’Herron, Michael Hoffman, Bartow Jones and Andrew Ward. Each of these individuals provided valuable leadership and guidance to Buckeye. In particular, I would like to thank Messrs. Billings, Kosnik and O’Herron for their years of service to Buckeye. Messrs. Billings and Kosnik joined the Board at the formation of the Partnership in 1986, and Mr. O’Herron served as a director since 1997.
At Buckeye, we are committed to attracting and retaining the best people in the industry so we can continue to achieve superior finan- cial results. With that in mind, we promoted Steve Muther to President of Buckeye Partners in the fall of 2007. Steve has served Buckeye in various executive capacities for over 16 years and provides management continuity for the Partnership. Among other things, he will focus on improving our financial results through continued improvement of business processes and developing a strong workforce to carry Buckeye into the next decade.
In 2007 we entered into agreements to acquire the Lodi natural gas storage facility in northern California and the Pennsyl- vania-based Farm & Home Oil Company.
 Executive Officer William H. Shea, Jr. and departing Board members Brian Billings,
 
In 2007 we entered into agreements
to acquire the Lodi natural gas storage facility in northern California and the Pennsylvania-based Farm & Home Oil Company
These strategic acquisitions broaden the scope of our business and position Buckeye for future growth. With the Lodi acquisition, we have entered the natural gas storage business. This acquisition has diversified
the mix of commodities we handle while providing additional, primarily fee-based revenue. With the acquisition of Farm & Home, we have entered the refined products marketing business. The combination of Farm & Home’s expertise in product marketing and Buckeye’s terminal network and financial strength provides a synergistic opportunity to add another revenue stream to support Buckeye’s financial performance.
Buckeye set several financial performance records in 2007:
n Revenues totaled $519.3 million, growing
by 12.5% or $57.5 million over the prior year’s amount.
n Operating income climbed to $202.1 million, an increase of $25.0 million or 14.1%.
n Net income allocated to LP unitholders reached a new high of $127.6 million, increasing $24.1 million or 23.3% from the $103.5 million reported in 2006.
n Cash distributions per limited partnership unit totaled $3.225, up 20.0¢ or 6.6% from the $3.025 per unit amount distributed in 2006.
Our terminals segment achieved strong growth and gains last year. During 2007,
we acquired six refined products terminals. The contribution of these terminals, along with increased volumes at existing terminals and the growth of ancillary services such
as ethanol blending, led to an increase in terminals operating income of $13.7 million or 47.1%.
Pipeline operations, our largest business segment, turned in solid financial perfor- mance in 2007. While volumes were essentially flat compared with the prior year, pipeline revenues grew by $28.4,
or 8.1%, due to higher tariff rates and a more profitable mix of business. Operating income for the pipeline segment totaled $150.3 million, up $9.8 million or 7.0% from 2006.
We continued to invest in our pipeline and terminal infrastructure in 2007. Our pipeline integrity program involved a full schedule of inline inspections and pipeline
   page 2
n Net income per limited partnership unit was $3.03 per unit, an increase of 14.8% over the 2006 level of $2.64 per unit.
 
improvement projects, and we devoted considerable resources to our aboveground storage tank maintenance program. The importance of these efforts is demonstrated by the fact that we did not experience a material refined product release from our pipelines or terminals in 2007.
In 2008 we will build on our past accom- plishments. The coming year will present both challenges and opportunities. We will continue to seek to diversify our midstream energy asset mix in order to offset any moderation of refined products transporta- tion demand due to high gasoline prices and new fuel efficiency standards. We also will continue to expand the range of services offered by our terminals in order to capture additional revenues related to these opera- tions. Finally, we will pursue accretive acquisition opportunities in the midstream energy sector. We are confident that we have the people and the strategy necessary to take advantage of opportunities in 2008.
Finally, I want to assure you that we remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and our investment grade credit rating. The recent turmoil in the credit markets has underscored the value of Buckeye’s financial strength. Our continued access to capital to support acquisitions and business development projects is demonstrated by our successful limited partnership unit offerings of last year, and the favorable reception to our January 2008 public debt offering.
Thank you for your interest and invest- ment in Buckeye.
Sincerely,
Forrest E. Wylie
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
I want to assure you that we remain committed to maintaining
a strong balance sheet and our investment grade credit rating.
   Our general partner’s executive Officers:
from left to right
Stephen C. Muther Forrest E. Wylie Eric A. Gustafson Vance E. Powers
