  CHAIRMAN’S REPORT TO UNITHOLDERS
MTo Our Unitholders
any investors may think of 008 as a year they would prefer to forget. Unprecedented price volatility in financial and commodities markets,
a rapidly decelerating economy, and the constant threat of commercial and investment bank failures competed for headline space with a continuous stream of disturbing news about impending corporate bankruptcies, invest- ment frauds, and questionable business management practices and decisions. Some investors, their confidence shaken by these events and the market’s reaction to them, sold their investment positions. Others recognized the turmoil as both a test of fundamental values and
a time of opportunity.
Buckeye investors also witnessed unprecedented volatility in the market price of their partnership units. However, your continued confidence in Buckeye was affirmed by our solid financial performance in 008 despite the turbulent business environment. Buckeye posted another round of new records during 008 for revenue, operating income, and net income. Our 008 net income of $.5 per limited partnership unit represents a four percent increase over our previous record of $.0 set during 007. As
a result of this strong performance, we again increased the cash distributions paid each quarter last year, paying unitholders a total per unit distribution of $.5 during 008 – an increase of more than six percent from the per unit total paid in 007.
Buckeye’s consistent performance over many years and our continuing good results even during difficult times rise from a combination of factors. We own and operate strategic energy logistics assets that are critical elements of our national energy infrastructure. We have and continue to add skilled employees and experienced management dedicated to providing excellent customer service. We are financially conservative and maintain
a strong balance sheet aimed at preserving our investment- grade credit rating. We take a long-term view of success and avoid activities that might provide a temporarily lift to short-term earnings at the expense of long-term growth and profitability. We stick with businesses we know and understand – avoiding investment fads and the temptation of chasing trendy prospects where we may not have the appropriate experience or requisite expertise.
However, as our 008 activities demonstrate, we are not content with the status quo. We began the year with two strategic acquisitions. The purchase of Lodi Gas Storage marked our entry into the natural gas storage business. Although fundamentally a fee-for-service business similar to our pipeline and terminal operations, the acquisition
of Lodi has added commodity and geographic diversifica- tion to our asset portfolio. I am pleased to report that Lodi met our performance expectations during 008, that we are nearing the completion of a major expansion that will increase storage capacity by approximately 50% at the facility, and that both the original and expansion capacity are fully utilized for the 009 – 00 natural gas storage season.
The acquisition of the refined products marketing business of Farm & Home Oil Company marked the start of the new business segment we call Buckeye Energy Services.This wholesale refined products supply operation markets gasoline, distillates and related products in areas served by Buckeye’s pipeline and terminal assets. In addition to the direct earnings contribution from this new business, the operations of Buckeye Energy Services enhance the contributions and value of our existing logistics network by increasing throughput volumes on our pipeline and terminal assets. We believe this business will provide important growth opportunities for Buckeye during 009 and in future years.


 Our terminal business continued its acquisition activity last year. We purchased three additional refined products terminals in Michigan and Connecticut, and in August completed the acquisition of an ethanol and products distribution terminal in Albany, New York. The Albany terminal is a major ethanol distribution hub in the north- eastern United States, and provides our customers with ethanol unit train offloading capability, two deep-water docks, and an active storage capacity of .8 million barrels. We expect the growing use of ethanol and other biofuels will continue to provide growth opportunities for our terminal business.
Although we see great opportunity for Buckeye in the years ahead, we also face significant challenges. In 008, we saw modest declines in throughput volumes on our existing pipelines and terminals.These volumetric declines, precipitated by the extraordinary upward spike in refined product prices during the first half of 008, continued when the economy weakened as the year progressed. We were able to offset volume losses by increasing rates and adding services to hold pipeline transportation revenues even with 007 levels and to continue revenue growth on our terminal business. We are entering 009 with an economy that continues to exhibit weakness and deteriorating business conditions. We cannot predict when economic conditions will turn around or when recovery will begin, but we are responding to these challenges and exploiting the opportunities they present.
We have initiated a best practices review of our operations to insure that all aspects of our business are functioning at their optimum levels. Buckeye has long been a leader within our industry, and our review is aimed at insuring we continue to operate at the highest possible standards and are viewed as the benchmark by which others measure themselves. We also have begun a company-wide effort
to reduce supplier and contractor costs. As commodity and other input prices fall in today’s slowing economy, we are systematically examining our materials and services procurement to make sure that all available cost reductions are passed along in the goods and services we purchase from others. We believe both of these efforts have the potential to make material contributions to our earnings in 009 and future years.
Economic downturns test core business strategies, high- light basic strengths, and expose previously unknown risks. Difficult times differentiate value. Buckeye’s solid financial performance, despite the economic and financial turmoil of 008, underscores the fundamental value of our business strategies as well as our strong financial condition.
Thank you for your continued interest and support during these historic times.
Forrest E. Wylie
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 5
