A Message from our President and CEO
Although 2003 proved to be another turbulent year in the furniture industry, Bassett's ongoing reinvention continues to underscore the confidence we have in our long term strategy. Your management firmly believes that the additional steps taken last year will propel our new model into a bright future. Net sales were $317 million, a slight decrease from 2002 levels. Complicating the sales comparison was an additional week in prior year reporting (53 weeks in 2002 versus 52 in 2003) and the inclusion of LRG retail sales in 2003 that resulted from the consolidation of that entity into our operations. Once again, we also suffered attrition from the JCPenney account, which resulted in $17 million in lost sales (5% of 2002 total sales). After the combination of a restructuring charge and the cumulative effect of the adoption of a new accounting standard for LRG, the Company suffered a net loss of $ .5 million or (.04) per share. For 2002, net income was $6.7 million or .57 per share. Additionally, our focus on expense control and inventory reduction produced $22 million of operating cash flow for 2003. Asset writeoffs have been a big part of the story at Bassett for the past few years. Unfortunately, our transformation from a factoryladen traditional manufacturer to a home furnishings marketer/retailer has required these measures. In 1997 the Company operated 20 manufacturing facilities. As of January 2004, we run seven production facilities. Since the close of 2003, we have also announced the consolidation of our Hiddenite, N.C., upholstery factory into our Newton, N.C., complex. This evaluation is an ongoing process that is necessary in order to remain competitive. We do believe, however, that the great majority of this unpleasant business is finally behind us. Furthermore, the consolidation of the LRG retail joint venture into our operations closes the circle on our initial foray into corporate retail stores that started back in 1999. This effort has been a real struggle. Nevertheless, we have learned a great deal about retail operations and remain very confident in our partners, the Ladin brothers, and their ability to operate a profitable business in 2004. The challenge ahead lies in the continuation of our Bassett Furniture Direct (BFD) rollout and the day-to-day execution at the store level. Although we still realize 47% of total net sales in channels other than BFD, store sales should ultimately represent 80-90% of our top line. We ended 2003 with a total of 101 BFDs, a net increase of 16 locations. Our current backlog of new store candidates is our largest ever. Plans for 2004 call for 20-25 additional stores with a similar amount to open in 2005. This should position us within reach of our stated goal of 150 BFDs by the end of 2005. Equally as important as the rollout plans is the perfection of our retail model. We continue to invest in training, new products, systems applications, marketing, and promotional funds that will enable our stores to succeed. The integration of our marketing programs into a consistent message in the field will be a major focus for Bassett in 2004. We will begin a comprehensive consumer research program this year. Also, improving the sales performance of popular products such as

home entertainment and motion furniture will be important initiatives. The top three Bassett Furniture Direct stores are located on the West Coast of the United States. In order to be able to continue to attract qualified dealers to our program and to enhance the profitability of our existing network, we have begun the real estate search for a facility that will serve as a combination western distribution center and upholstery factory. Inbound Asian product will be consolidated with wood furniture produced in our East Coast domestic facilities. Further, key upholstery items produced adjacent to the warehouse will round out the offering. The new complex should make the BFD proposition that much more compelling for dealers in the lucrative western markets. Preliminary plans call for the facility's startup to take place in late 2004. Successful new product introductions were also a big part of the 2003 picture. In wood, the Bassett Kids collection, Fifth Avenue, American Hewn, and New Traditions were all new arrivals last year. Each of these products has quickly proven itself at retail. New American Living, another extension of our custom capabilities, and the new additions to Bassett Leather were the highlights of our spring and fall upholstery introductions respectively. We have been planning our new Continental Sketchbook collection, set to debut in April, for several months. Finally, we will have an exciting announcement in the home entertainment category later in 2004. Our industry continues to grow more competitive and complex. Many manufacturers have announced major store development programs as

they seek to find a market for their products. Imported goods continue to pour in from virtually every point on the globe. New players in retail such as catalogs, the internet, discount chains, and buying clubs are redefining the manner in which today's time starved consumer buys furniture. Amidst all of this change, we will remain focused on helping our stores sell more of our products in 2004. Building our brand through the BFD stores and complementary avenues of distribution becomes more important every year. All of these efforts must culminate in an improvement in operating income for Bassett. This is the obvious key for upward movement of our stock price and the creation of shareholder value. While we have been engaged in a relentless cost reduction program for some time now, investment in the BFD program has added additional expense to our operations. Attaining the scale to adequately spread those costs is crucial to achieving desired financial results. We intend to make progress toward this goal in 2004. In closing, I want to thank our shareholders and dealers for their support this past year. Further, I appreciate the counsel of our Board of Directors through this period of transition. And, finally, I want to acknowledge the hard work of all the Bassett team in 2003.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer

