To Our Shareholders, The significant events that took place in fiscal year 2011 dramatically positioned Bassett for the opportunity to deliver an exciting future for all of its stakeholders. After several years of fighting through the worst housing slump since the 1930s, the Company begins this year with a renewed focus on profitable growth. Although the macro challenges that our industry faces still exist, Bassett's strengthened balance sheet and improving performance in both our retail and wholesale operating divisions gives us a sense of cautious optimism as we look to 2012 and beyond. On May 3, 2011, Bassett sold its position in the International Home Furnishings Center (IHFC) in High Point, North Carolina. The Company had owned a significant interest in "The Building" since 1985. At the time of the transaction, Bassett's ownership stake was 46.9%. Including a dividend paid by IHFC shortly before the deal closed, Bassett received approximately $73 million in sale proceeds and also realized a pre-tax gain of $85 million. The IHFC, along with several competing properties in High Point and the World Market Center in Las Vegas, combined to form a new entity, International Market Centers (IMC). Bassett retained a 1% interest in the new company, which has combined all of the significant U.S. furniture wholesale showrooms. We believe that the IHFC sale allowed Bassett to receive fair value for its long standing investment. Additionally, the unification of High Point and Las Vegas is a positive development for our region and the furniture industry as a whole. Turning to our operating results, consolidated net sales for 2011 were $253,000,000, an increase of 8% over 2010. Growing top line revenue is crucial for the Company to achieve the favorable financial returns for which we strive. Wholesale sales grew modestly last year to $177 million, despite the reduction of our overall retail store count, which will be discussed later. With a smaller number of stores in operation, wholesale sales to the network declined by 3% last year. On the other hand, wholesale shipments to retailers outside of the Bassett Home Furnishings (BHF) network grew by 5%. Retail sales within our corporate BHF retail division increased (before inter-company elimination) by $25.7 million, or 21%. This substantial increase was primarily due to licensee store takeovers, although comparable store sales grew by a healthy 5%. Looking forward, we will have difficult

sales comparisons against prior levels until we can make up the volume that we lost in closing a large amount of stores over a relatively short time frame. Our ability to make up that lost sales volume and grow beyond that level will depend on driving increased sales in our existing licensed and corporate stores, opening 4-5 new corporate stores in 2012, gaining market share for Bassett with complementary distribution outside of our store channel, and the successful outcome of our recently announced affiliation with Home & Garden Television. Bassett's retail network, launched in 1997, today accounts for 70% of the shipments of wholesale furniture that the Company either manufactures domestically or sources from overseas. As the industry sales slump that began in 2007 wore on, many of our retail licensees began to face difficulty producing the necessary sales volume to generate the cash to run sustainable operations. So began the period of the past few years that was characterized by the corporate takeover or outright closing of many of the licensee owned stores. Since 2008, the dramatic shift noted below has taken place: Nov 30 2008 Licensee Owned Store Corporate Owned Store Total 84 Nov 30 2009 68 Nov 30 2010 54 Nov 30 2011 39

31 115

36 104

47 101

49 88

The final phase of this winnowing process took place during the first three quarters of fiscal 2011. By year end, approximately 53% of all BHF stores in operation were part of the Company's corporate retail division. The great majority of remaining licensees are now able to consistently meet their financial obligations to Bassett. To that end, in certain markets, the Company forgave a portion of outstanding receivables when it was deemed that the licensee could generate significant sales and cash flow on a go forward basis without increasing past due exposure. The tremendous energy expended over the past several years in architecting the ultimate solution for the BHF fleet can now be channeled into operating a healthy group of stores that will receive management's undivided attention. In that regard, we are pleased that operating performance in our corporate stores improved by 39% in

2011. This year we will continue to analyze performance by store, open 4-5 new corporate stores, and introduce a number of programs aimed at increasing traffic and average transaction value. Both our upholstery and wood divisions were able to grow operating profit at the divisional level last year, by 3% and 8% respectively. Upholstery accounted for 56% of wholesale revenue while wood produced 44%. Both divisions also achieved modest top line growth. Upholstery's year was highlighted by the expansion of our Asian cut and sew platform which ultimately translated into more domestic production. Our Bassett Custom Upholstery program was also re-merchandised, which has increased BHF store sales. On the wood front, the year was highlighted by our first major foray into Indonesia with the successful introduction of our Moultrie Park collection. Initial sales of this product have been outstanding. Additionally, the Small Spaces collection has been a hit from another new facility in Vietnam. We have very little wood production remaining in China, the country where we began the sourcing of Asian made casegoods some 15 years ago. As noted, Bassett signed a licensing agreement with Home & Garden Television (HGTV), a division of Scripps Networks, LLC, last July. HGTV is nationally recognized as the pre-eminent home furnishing media outlet in the country. Their reach is unparalleled as they are broadcast into 99 million households across the United States every day. Their website, HGTV.com, enjoys enormous traffic with over 70 million unique visitors every year. In addition to Bassett, HGTV licensing agreements have been signed by Sherwin-Williams Paints and Shaw, Inc. Both of these companies generate billions of dollars of home products revenue, providing tremendous synergy for Bassett's copartnership. So, how will this all work? On the Bassett retail side, HGTV will become a significant advertising vehicle for our BHF stores on a national scale. For the most part, this will be in the form of planned promotions that are featured on the HGTV television network, although HGTV.com will be utilized as well. Bassett will produce a line of custom upholstery products, primarily featured in the BHF stores, that will be labeled "HGTV Design Studio." The association with HGTV will also be prominently communicated with in-store signage and point of purchase materials. In addition, our merchants have been busy collaborating with HGTV on a completely new product assortment that will be marketed separately

under the name "HGTV Home Furniture Collection." This line of products will be sold to selected independent retailers across the country and will not be sold in BHF stores. The strategic alliance with HGTV is an enormous undertaking with exciting potential to generate sales growth. There is definitely upfront expense involved with new showrooms, photography, store preparation, and a few new key individuals that have been added to the payroll. This investment is all the more difficult in that we cannot recognize any offsetting revenue until the third quarter of 2012. Nevertheless, we are extremely excited about the new relationships with HGTV and their other participating product category licensees. The "HGTV Furniture Collection" line will be shown at the upcoming April furniture market at the IHFC. The BHF store kickoff with HGTV will take place later this year around the Labor Day holiday weekend. We are pleased that our Board of Directors in 2011 approved the reinstatement of a quarterly dividend after the suspension of the payout at the height of the recession. After declaring three dividends during 2011, the quarterly dividend was increased to $.05/share in early 2012. Also in 2011, a one time special dividend of $.50/share was declared and later paid on January 3, 2012. Finally, the Company purchased $3 million of common stock in the open market at an average price of $7.99 over the last seven months of fiscal 2011. In closing, I would like to welcome Walter McDowell to the Bassett Board of Directors. Walter retired as the Chief Executive Officer of Carolina/Virginia Banking after a 35 year career at Wachovia Corporation. We look forward to continuing to receive the insight and perspective that Walter has already provided during his indoctrination to the Company. I would like to thank our 1,350 associates for their hard work over these past few difficult years and look forward to an improving environment in which we can successfully move ahead. Finally, I thank our Board of Directors and our shareholders for their support of Bassett in 2011.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

