                Consolidated revenue for 2017 grew by 4.7% to $453 million. All three of our operating segments – wholesale, retail, and logistics contributed to the increase in revenue. Adjusted net income of $15.8 million was about the same as recorded in the prior year. Over the course of 2017, we embarked upon a series of initiatives designed to embrace new marketing programs to better compete in today’s fluid environment and to drive future growth, primarily expanding our Bassett Home Furnishings store network. The fusion of our brick and mortar experience, our custom manufacturing platform, and our digital marketing strategy will definitely sharpen in fiscal 2018. Although we acknowledge that there are accompanying operational costs with this vision and with our store expansion, we believe that charting this course now is prudent, exciting, and indeed necessary to provide Bassett its own space amidst the much discussed disruptive forces that in part define the U. S. retail sector today. This letter will discuss these plans and also highlight additional aspects of our current business strategy.
BUILDING ON OUR BASE
2017 marked the 20th year of our retail strategy, still a relatively short amount of time in the context of our 115 year history. Over those 20 years we have worked hard to develop the capabilities to offer the consumer a uniquely personal experience to furnish their home. Building on this ability, we plan to open our new “Generation 3” store prototype in Frisco, Texas during the third quarter of 2018. Two years in the making, the new store will showcase Bassett’s interior design and customizable
home furnishings competencies through a technology laden fixturing package designed to easily navigate the many options that we offer to create personalized space for our clients. We have engaged a group of experts to work with our internal team to architect the Generation 3 store and to unify the Bassett experience from our website through our store to the ultimate delivery of our products to the home. Also important is the continuous process of upgrading our store real estate as time goes on. As has been the case with almost all of our relocations, the move to a new location in Scottsdale, Arizona in early 2017 has been very successful – with improved sales and profitability in the new store versus the old one. We plan to move two of our Houston locations to better sites in 2018.
Outside of shipments to our stores,
sales in the open market grew 4%
in 2017. Our HGTV HOME Design
Studio by Bassett account total
grew by 20 to a total of 192 by year end. The relationship that we formed with HGTV in 2011 continues to pay dividends inside and outside of our retail store network. Independent furniture store accounts view the ability to leverage the HGTV HOME brand in their local markets as a tremendous asset which has helped us form stronger relationships with these retailers. Another key development in open market sales in 2017 was the expansion of our Club Level
To Our Shareholders
                                                 
                   CLUB LEVEL MOTION FURNITURE
GRAND PRAIRIE, TX - WAREHOUSE AND UPHOLSTERY PLANT

                by Bassett motion furniture division. Fueled by a broader assortment and larger showroom presentation, Club Level sales doubled in 2017. And we have opened 82 Club Level Pavilion dedicated space concepts inside independent furniture stores since the debut last April.
Fueling our wholesale manufacturing and importing engine is the obvious intent of all of these sales efforts. The anticipation of current and future growth was behind several investments made in 2017 to augment production. In February, we opened a new 350,000 square foot upholstery manufacturing and Zenith logistics distribution center in Grand Prairie, Texas. The primary objectives of the new facility are to serve the western U. S. more cost effectively and more quickly. We tripled the square footage allocated to our Bench Made manufacturing footprint in Bassett, Virginia as consumers continued to buy more of the customizable solid wood dining, bedroom, and occasional furniture product line. Finally, we added 12 state-of-the- art, fuel efficient tractors to our Zenith “middle mile” fleet. Many challenges persist in the line haul furniture trucking space but Zenith provides a competitive service advantage that is becoming increasingly vital to Bassett and other Zenith customers.
NEW GROWTH
With our store expansion plans as a backdrop, it is noteworthy that over the past three years we have opened 11 new stores, only to close another 12 over the same time period. We also purchased another store from a previously existing licensee so that our corporate store count has been stuck at 60 since the end of 2014. Despite this, we have grown our retail volume over that three year period by opening
more productive new stores and increasing our comparable store sales. We are very excited by our intentions to open at least 10 new stores over the next 18 months and to finally begin to grow our fleet. Several of the new stores are in markets where we currently do very little wholesale volume so much of the business will be entirely incremental. The downside of this level of activity is the burden of pre-opening and startup costs that accompany new stores. We began to experience a greater level of these costs in 2017 and even more are in store in 2018. Nevertheless, the long term benefits of a larger retail footprint gives us the confidence to look past these temporary losses and press on to the future.
Hand-in-hand with our store plans are upcoming investments in digital technologies across multiple fronts. The corresponding foundational investments in systems and customer experience enhancements that we began in 2017 will accelerate in 2018 and will result in higher levels of SG&A spending for the next several quarters. The end result of these investments will:
• Elevate digital brand awareness through heightened social media outreach,
• Educate and inspire more consumers to experience the Bassett brand digitally or through our brick and mortar stores,
• Enhance in-store collaboration through the introduction of an upholstery sectional sofa configurator and 3-D room planning capabilities, and
• Deliver smarter, faster customer service that allows transactions to be tracked via mobile devices from purchase, to manufacture of the goods, to delivery to the home.

                   NEWTON, NC - RECYCLING DAY
SOUTHEASTERN OHIO - BENCH MADE TREE PLANTING BENCH MADE OAK DINING

                By adding this level of technological enhancements to our ability to quickly produce a custom home furnishings solution for our customers will provide a highly experiential store equation that we believe will make our brick and mortar relevant for many years to come and provide a customer experience that online-only retailers cannot match.
Subsequent to year end we acquired the Lane Venture outdoor furniture business for $15.6 million. We are excited about our entry into this category and believe that Lane Venture will provide us a foundation to become a significant player in the field. We will operate Lane Venture as a stand-alone business and do not plan to market the product in the Bassett stores. We have our hands full at the moment in getting Lane Venture up and running with a new technology platform, a new custom manufacturing model, and in a newly leased facility. Once we begin to realize the fruits of these efforts, we plan to have a separately marketed and merchandised outdoor assortment for our stores under the Bassett Outdoor name. This will occur only after we are satisfied that we have begun to tap the full potential of the Lane Venture opportunity.
ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
Corporate environmental stewardship is a culture that has evolved at Bassett over the years since our program began back in 2010. Working with our industry trade association, we have become EFEC (Enhancing Furniture’s Environmental Culture) certified and, through education and implementation, we were able to recycle over 800 tons of paper, cardboard, fabric, wood dust, plastic, and other materials last year. Our conservation program saved
500,000 gallons of water and 200 barrels of oil in 2017 alone. To encourage an awareness of sustainability two years ago, we began planting two maple seedlings for each piece of Bench Made product that we produce. In 2017, we planted 13,600 trees in Appalachia and have plans to plant another 21,000 this year. Although we are proud of our progress in giving back to the environment, we are exploring additional avenues to make our impact more compelling.
The environmental movement rightfully continues to gather steam across our industry and our country and we want Bassett to truly become a leader in this regard.
Bassett has come a long way since the dark days of uncertainty 10 years ago. Hopefully, this letter has communicated our belief that a lot of opportunity remains for us to grow and improve, and that we are in full pursuit of those outcomes. I remain thankful for the support of our associates, our Board of Directors, and our shareholders as we lead into 2018.
Robert H. Spilman, Jr. Chairman & CEO
  