To Our Shareholders,2013 was a good year for Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.Normalizing results for the 53 weeks of the year’s fiscalcalendar, consolidated net sales rose by 17% to $321million. This marks our first time over the $300 millionmark since the pre-great recession year of 2006. Bolsteredby this growth, operating profit rose 97% to $10.0 million,or 3.1% of sales. Excluding two significant non-recurringitems that took place in 2012, net income grew 173% to$5.1 million. We were pleased with this performance butacknowledge that many challenges remain as we strive toremain relevant and prosper in a consumer environmentthat continues to evolve at a rapid pace.We manage our business around two major segments –wholesale and retail. Wholesale revenue is derived fromthe sale of domestically manufactured and internationallysourced products. In 2013, 64% of our wholesalevolume went to our Bassett Home Furnishings (BHF)store network and the remainder went to an array ofindependent retailers in the United States and abroad.Normalized wholesale revenue grew by 14% for the yearincluding a 6% increase to our stores and an exciting 38%gain to other customers. As a result, wholesale operatingprofit improved to $10.9 million, a 45% increase. Drivingwholesale sales is fundamental to our approach. Ourretail stores, our warehouses, our factories, our wholesaleshowrooms, and our independent sales representativesare ultimately dedicated to generating as much wholesalesales as we can muster. We believe that our dual strategyof retail and open market sales are now working in concertto achieve market share gains and that 2013 representeda significant step forward.Further, our wholesale segment is divided into twooperating divisions; wood and upholstery. Our wooddivision consists of a domestic manufacturing and assemblyfacility located in Martinsville, Virginia and an extensiveline of imported casegoods, accent furniture, and juvenileproducts that are warehoused in four locations aroundthe continental U.S. and in vendor operated warehousesin Asia. Shipments from our Martinsville facility grew 14%in 2013 as customers of both BHF stores and independentretailers reacted favorably to our custom casual diningproduct assortment. In fact, with financial assistancefrom the Commonwealth of Virginia, in December weannounced an expansion of the factory to meet demand.Sales of imported products grew at a more modestclip of 4.0%. For a variety of reasons, casegoods haverebounded more slowly than other industry categoriessince the recession. However, bedroom and formal diningroom remain an integral part of our lineup and we haveexcellent vendor partners in Asia and a superb supplychain for these products all the way through our system.We are currently evaluating a refinement of our woodfootprint, primarily around our stores, with the goal ofgrowing sales with a streamlined amount of SKUs.Upholstery, on the other hand, experienced strongmomentum in 2013 as segment wide shipments grew by18%. Our upholstery division also consists of an importantdomestic manufacturing facility located in Newton, NCcomplemented by a range of imported leather goods.The hallmark of Bassett upholstery is our ability to sell andproduce highly customizable products in a two to threeweek window. This ability was largely responsible for the24% sales gain that we enjoyed in our domestic operationlast year. Also, in October, we introduced a new line ofvalue priced upholstery designed to cater to younger andmore budget conscious consumers. Initial response toBassett Express 2U has been outstanding and we believethat the availability of the Bassett brand at sharper priceswill enable us to continue the growth of our upholsterydivision in 2014.Last year was the first complete fiscal year of our licensingagreement with the Home and Garden Television Network(HGTV). As you may recall, our objective in this partnershipis to market the concept of the home “makeover” thatis one of the key points of differentiation in our stores.We are extremely pleased with consumer reaction toour national TV campaign on HGTV and believe that wehave found the vehicle with which we can effectivelycommunicate our in-home design capability. Bassettcustom product that has been rebranded as “HGTV HOMEDesign Studio at Bassett” enjoyed a 32% sales increasein 2013. Additionally, we developed a completely newassortment of casegoods and upholstery products underthe brand umbrella of HGTV HOME. We view this asan opportunity to leverage our existing manufacturingand sourcing infrastructure to drive additional saleswith independent furniture retailers. After some initialsetbacks with the startup of this new venture, we began to build momentum in the second half of  the  year  with the success of the HGTV HOME Caravan Collection and the introduction of the Voyage Collection at the October home furnishings market. We continue to work closely with the HGTV organization on all fronts to maximize the potential of our collaboration.

Our corporate retail segment continued on the path of progress in 2013 . First, the fourth quarter of last year marked the 13th consecutive quarter  of  comparable same store sales increases. Over that three year period, the average store unit volume has risen by 30%. Also noteworthy is the fact that, for the first time, our 47 comparable stores were profitable for the year as they turned in a $.8 million operating profit. Our corporate network in total generated a $1.5 million loss, which represents a $.6 million  improvement  compared  to 2012. The difference in our comparable store operating profit and the overall  loss  is  almost  totally  attributable to preopening costs and startup losses in stores  that have been opened or repositioned to new locations over the past twelve months. In 2014, we plan to open five stores in new markets and move five existing stores to better locations. We plan to continue a path of measured growth that is primarily driven by our  objective  of ongoing operating profit enhancement in our corporate store network.

An important strategic asset that becomes more significant each year is our investment in Zenith Freight Lines, LLC. Bassett invested in Zenith in 1999 to  provide a nationwide logistics solution for our nascent store network. Zenith trucks deliver virtually all of the freight to our stores today. Ultimately, Zenith personnel have come to man our regional warehouses and offer home delivery services to Bassett Home Furnishings customers in several key markets. This expertise along with a track record of performance and a commitment to running a compliant fleet of trucks has made the Zenith brand a major  player in the furniture industry today. Our 49% interest in Zenith has not only been fruitful in terms of service, but also has begun to generate improving earnings. We realized $.8 million of pretax earnings for our share of the enterprise last year.
 
In addition to improving our performance in 2013, we invested $14 million of capital in Bassett's future. We upgraded both our retail and wholesale operating information technology systems with little  disruption  to our day to day operations. We also made improvements to our  manufacturing   infrastructure   and   remodeled our wholesale showroom in High Point, NC. New store expansion was the largest consumer of capital and will be once again in 2014 . We also plan further enhancement to our upholstery facility and expansion of our Martinsville table plant as mentioned previously. All told, we plan to invest a similar amount of capital into the business as last year.

Our Board  of   Directors   and  management   believe  in a strategy of balanced capital allocation designed to provide short term returns while building long term shareholder value. Last year we increased our annual regular dividend rate from $0.20  per  share  to  $0 .24 per sha re. After carefully considering balance sheet liquidity at year end in the context of estimated capital requirements for the foreseeable future, our board declared a $0.20 per share special dividend that was paid to shareholders in December. Taking the $1 .8 million of share repurchases that were made over the course of the year into account, Bassett returned approximately $6.4 million to shareholders in 2013.

As always, I would like to thank our Shareholders, our Board of Directors, our customers, and our suppliers  for their support and contributions in 2013. I also look forward to working alongside our 1500 Bassett associates to continue our improvement in 2014.







Rob ert H. Spilman, Jr.
President & CEO
