TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS As you are well aware, 2009 was the most difficult year for the U. S. economy and the furniture industry in decades. Driven by historic low levels of consumer confidence and an extremely depressed housing market, comparable retail furniture store sales dropped by double digits across the sector. Until consumers begin to feel significantly better about the state of the economy and their jobs, companies must continue to concentrate on finding ways to successfully operate at reduced sales levels. To that end, Bassett made progress in 2009 and will continue a similar path in 2010. Net sales fell by 19% to $233 million in 2009 as compared to $288 million in 2008. For the year, the Company reported a net loss of $22.7 million as compared to a loss of $40.4 million in 2008. Both years include several significant charges to income that are detailed within this report. In addition to the aforementioned sales environment, 2009 was characterized by our all-out focus on the generation and preservation of cash. Falling sales put extreme pressure on the cash flow of all of our customers, most notably our Bassett Home Furnishings licensees. Consequently, we "managed the business for cash" and continue to do so today. Here are some examples: · The Company generated $4.2 million of operating cash flow, a $19.0 million improvement from 2008 · Inventories were reduced by $9.0 million, or 21% · Long term bank debt was reduced by 21% · Through cash generation and a partial liquidation of the Company's investment portfolio, cash and equivalents increased by $19.4 million to $23.2 million. This strategy was designed to protect the Company's balance sheet and sacrifices were made to do so. Once again, we significantly reduced headcount. Major components of our employee benefit program were curtailed or adjusted. And, as you know, our dividend was suspended after a 74 year run. We hope that such measures are temporary, but believe they remain necessary while this challenging economic environment persists. Results from our corporate store network markedly improved in 2009, particularly during the second half. Comparable store losses were reduced by 36%, or $2.3 million. From the outside, it is somewhat difficult to track our corporate store performance because of our ever fluctuating store count, which in turn impacts our results. Nevertheless, we ended 2009 with 36 corporately owned stores, including nine licensee stores that were acquired and four that were closed during the course of the year. Looking forward, the Company will continue to acquire licensee stores when that course of action represents the most sensible business outcome.

On the licensee side, seven stores were closed. The year ended with a total of 104 Bassett Home Furnishings stores in operation ­ 68 licensed and 36 corporate. The recession continued to compromise the quality of licensee store accounts receivables, causing the Company to record an additional $15.2 million in bad debt and notes receivable valuation charges. The ongoing management of licensee receivables remains a major focus today. Our goal of curtailing further exposure on an account by account basis was largely accomplished during the second half of the year. Although the Company will realize additional bad debt charges in 2010, the magnitude should be much less than what has been experienced over the past 24 months. Furthermore, we are committed to limiting any additional cash exposure to certain licensees. In addition to improving our corporate retail store program, 2009 marked a concerted effort to begin to grow complementary independent furniture store business in areas where we do not operate stores. This initiative can potentially stem the overall top line attrition that we have been fighting since the furniture slump began in the second half of 2006. For the first time in several years, we grew our non-store volume in the fourth quarter of 2009. We will continue to emphasize improvement in these channels in 2010 as we believe this blended approach provides the best means for us to effectively distribute our products throughout all regions of the United States. Despite the tough sales climate, our operations team turned in a solid performance in 2009. While facing shortened work schedules month after month, we were able to improve wholesale gross margins by 30 basis points to 29.6% of sales. For the first time ever, shipments of upholstered furniture exceeded wood products. The introduction of our new CU2 and Custom Classics upholstery programs produced immediate retail sales and further underscored our industry leadings service capabilities in this category. Our Bassett Fiberboard facility closed at year end after 42 years of operation. The demise of the great majority of the U. S. casegood business eventually compromised the viability of this historically profitable division of the Company. We are hoping for but not counting on an improvement in furniture sales in 2010. To date, we have not seen signs of sustained improvement in the overall health of the industry. Once again, the Company will stay the course of strong balance sheet focus while attempting to aggressively garner all of the market share that we can take. In closing, I thank our Board of Directors, our Shareholders, our associates, and our customers for their contributions and support of Bassett in 2009.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

