TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS The report on fiscal 2010 is very similar to the past several years ­ our industry continues to be mired in a sales slump that can be directly correlated to the demise of the U. S. residential housing industry. Despite the challenging environment, however, Bassett made good progress in strengthening its balance sheet and positioning the Company to return to growth and profitability. While we have yet to experience significant industry-wide sales improvement, we do believe that we have bottomed out and that our full attention needs to turn to improving our top line and leveraging our existing cost structure.
Net sales for 2010 increased 1% to $235 million. While the sales growth was small, we view it as significant in the context of five successive years of decline. The Company recorded a net loss of $2.0 million for the year as compared to a loss of $22.7 million in fiscal 2009. Once again, there were significant charges for bad debts and restructuring items in both years that are detailed within this report. However, we were able to generate positive operating cash flow for the second year in a row and significantly reduce our outstanding debt load. As you know, the Company aligns its operations into two segments, wholesale and retail. Wholesale sales for 2010 declined 2% to $176 million. It is worth noting that, adjusted for the volume represented by our now closed fiberboard operation, our wholesale revenue did grow slightly last year. Upholstery shipments comprised 55% and wood shipments 44% of the total. In May, we reopened a production facility in Newton, N.C., to manufacture opening price point upholstery. We were quite pleased with the retail sales that this product line produced and we are adding additional SKUs in 2011. For 2010, the upholstery division increased sales by 11% and operating profit was slightly ahead of last year. While our wood division sales dropped by 8% during 2010, excluding the effects of the fiberboard plant closure, good expense control increased operating profit by 13%. Rising costs associated with the maturing Chinese economy has recently forced us to re-examine our sourcing network. We have moved more of our casegoods production to Vietnam and will continue this trend in 2011. On the domestic front, our Martinsville Table Plant expanded its assortment with the upscale Seville Dining Program. In general, the wood segment remains the most difficult from a sales perspective. We continue to challenge our wood product mix and pricing strategies as we seek to stem the sales attrition that this area of our business has experienced for the past several years. Once again, our retail segment was presented with an ambitious assignment that included assimilating 11 licensee stores into our corporate network, reopening a store that was previously closed, opening one brand new store, and closing two underperforming

corporate stores. Amidst this activity, we were able to expand gross profit margins by 100 basis points and reduce total retail losses by 9%. For the 27 stores that were comparable to the 2009 footprint, losses were reduced by 41%. While we will acquire the operations of several more licensee stores in 2011, this pace has begun to slow. We look forward to focusing our full attention to operating a stable fleet of corporate stores without the distractions of the takeover process that has characterized our operations during the recession. Along those lines, the overall health of our licensee store network merits discussion. Because of the aforementioned corporate takeovers and a few closings, our licensed store count reduced from 68 stores at the end of 2009 to 54 stores at the end of 2010. We will remain aggressive in 2011 in rationalizing our licensee store community down to the group that is capable of fulfilling their obligations to Bassett. Although significantly smaller than 2009, our bad debt and notes receivable valuation charges for our licensee network were $6.6 million in 2010. Without this expense, the Company would have produced an operating profit. We have many good licensees who do a great job selling our products, representing our brand, and generating a return for their individual entities. We continue to work towards making sure that 100% of our licensed network fits this criteria. The Company has spent the past five years coping with the effects of the dramatic loss in volume that resulted from the housing industry debacle and the accompanying economic crisis. And although no one knows for sure, it appears that the aggregate demand for home furnishings related products in the United States has been permanently impaired. In any event, we do not expect to see a return to the pre-crisis consumer purchasing appetite any time soon. Nevertheless, management believes that due to a leaner cost structure, improving prospects in our upholstery division, and a higher degree of operational competency in our retail division that there is reason to approach 2011 and beyond with a sense of optimism. Admittedly, these positive sentiments are tempered by the scars of the past few years. The Company must now focus all of its energies on gaining market share and on the solid execution of its strategies to further rebuild shareholder value. I would like to thank our shareholders, Board of Directors, our 1300 associates, and our customers for their support of Bassett in 2010.

Robert H. H. Spilman, Spilman, Jr. Jr. Robert President & CEO CEO President

