To Our Shareholders, I am particularly pleased to write our annual letter to shareholders this year. Many people have worked very hard over a number of years to remake Bassett Furniture into the vibrant home furnishings enterprise that it is today. Although our mission to grow the company's value is by no means complete, it is gratifying to report the progress that was made in 2014 and explain why we look to the future with optimism. Despite having one less week on the fiscal calendar than in 2013, consolidated net sales for 2014 grew by 6.0% to $341 million, thanks in large part to particularly strong revenue growth during the final six months of the year. Net income grew by 82% to $9.3 million. If nothing else, the past several years have taught us that neither Bassett nor any other company in our sector can thrive during severe downturns in the world economy. Coming out of the Great Recession our industry has undoubtedly benefited from improving economic conditions. But we believe that Bassett's recent success is attributable to more than increasing favorability in the macro environment. Our model has been painstakingly and purposefully crafted over 15 years and has matured into a proposition that is being increasingly embraced by consumers and has the potential to generate attractive financial returns in the years to come. For a small public company, our primary business platform is relatively complex. Within the sum of the parts of this complexity, however, lies the unique selling proposition that powers our business. Although various industry competitors claim to offer free in-home design services in their stores, very few embrace the strategy to drive their sales day in and day out. This requires a constant commitment to recruiting, training, and accountability that has become ingrained in our culture over many years. Without this discipline, a design culture will not thrive. Supporting our designers is technology that communicates the infinite custom options that are available in our product line and allows the consumer to visualize our furniture in their homes. In 2013 we finished a two year project to install a new network wide corporate retail operating system that is giving our management better insight into the key metrics of our operation. Currently, we are arming our design staffs with digital tablets to assist the sales process both in-store and in-home. Coupled with our bassettfurniture.com website, our technology assets seamlessly and efficiently navigate the consumer through their personalized Bassett design solution. Once the customer's order is placed with our factories, our manufacturing facilities efficiently produce custom products that are specifically made for each client. In short, we do not build furniture to reside in a warehouse, we build it for our customers' homes and we get it there in 30 days or less. Our partnership with Zenith Transportation is the final piece of the puzzle that enables us to make this happen every day. Zenith operates regional warehouses in eight states and a network of local home delivery centers that provide white glove delivery service and the high level of professionalism that our customers deserve.

Custom Leather Newton, NC

Custom Dining Martinsville, VA

that we believe speaks to the Bassett consumer today. These These capabilities come to life in our network of 60 new products have been planned to hit our stores in waves corporately owned and 34 licensed Bassett Home Furnishings coinciding with key holiday selling periods throughout 2015. stores located in 28 states across the U.S. Six new corporate In association with this aggressive level of activity there stores were opened in 2014. Building on last year, our 51 are significant startup expenses that will be incurred over comparable corporate stores (those open at least 12 months) the course of 2015 that must be absorbed. Given the 11% generated a best ever operating profit of $2.2 million. We compounded annual growth rate that we have posted over plan to open two new stores in the Los Angeles market and the past four years, we believe that the operational and capital another in the Washington, D.C. area in 2015. Also, we investments required to support our retail expansion and the will relocate two Texas stores early in the year and we are extension of our product assortment are prudent strategies in negotiations for several additional locations which may or for growth and will reward Bassett shareholders in the years may not come to pass depending on the ultimate terms of to come. the leases. Meanwhile, our wholesale volume outside of our stores has doubled in the past four years as we have leveraged Finally, we plan to continue to allocate capital to grow our selling strategy to grow our 75 Bassett Design Centers our business and to further reward our shareholders. In (BDC). Located within independently owned general addition to opening our new stores in 2014, we expanded furniture stores, our BDCs typically appeal to upscale retailers our Martinsville, Virginia table plant, made improvements that utilize our merchandising programs to differentiate their to our Newton, stores in their Consolidated Sales N.C. upholstery local markets. $350,000 manufacturing Looking ahead, $325,000 our focus will largely center $300,000 on wholesale $275,000 revenue growth that we plan $250,000 to achieve on $253 several fronts. $235 $225,000 Accompanying the recent $200,000 2010 2011 debut of the improved Bassettfurniture.com website was the late December launch of Bassett Baby and Kids. This effort is intended to leverage our 70 year history in the juvenile and youth furniture category and will initially be solely available on our website and in certain Bassett Home Furnishings retail stores. Another important new program for 2015 will be the birth of "Bench Made", an American handmade dining program that will begin to grace retail showrooms in early spring. Partnering with nearby hardwood component manufacturers, we will prepare, distress, finish and assemble an assortment of solid maple tables and chairs in a newly renovated Bassett-owned facility located in Bassett, Virginia - a true startup. Finally, we are about to embark upon the largest makeover of our imported wood product assortment in recent memory. Months in the making, these new products have been carefully architected by our merchants, designers, engineers and finishing technicians to achieve the upscale casual vibe complex, and further upgraded $321 our website. In all, we invested about $18 million in the business $269 in 2014 and we plan to dedicate a similar amount in 2015. We 2012 2013 2014 balanced those investments by paying $5.2 million of dividends to our shareholders and retiring $5.6 million of our common stock over the course of the year. While doing so, our balance sheet remained strong with $50 million of cash investments due in large part to the generation of $30 million of operating cash.
$

340

As always, I want to thank our shareholders, associates, and our Board of Directors for their support of Bassett this past year.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. President & CEO

