TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
T r
The soft business conditions that began to plague our industry and Bassett during the second half of 2006 continued to pressure our operating performance throughout 2007. And most prognostications do not see markedly improved conditions in the housing market and the overall economy during calendar 2008. Measures designed to streamline our cost structure, improve our corporate and licensed retail stores, and ultimately enhance shareholder value that were undertaken in 2007 will continue vigorously in 2008. While making every effort to prudently manage the company for the short term, we believe that these truly unprecedented times for our industry require actions and investments that may be somewhat adverse to current operating results but that will produce better results in the long run. In short, not everyone is going to make it through this downturn and management wants Bassett to not only survive this turbulent period but also to be positioned to prosper when consumers once again increase their purchases of home furnishings. Accordingly, in 2007, the Company began to implement brand building efforts that were researched and conceived in late 2005 and early 2006. These initiatives include our consumer catalog, our new prototype store, an upgraded website, and the addition of experienced merchandising, marketing, and operation's talent designed to make our retail strategies successful. Finding the proper balance between spending for our future and conservatism during tough times has been challenging but is an essential element of ensuring that Bassett remains a home furnishings' brand of choice when the overall economy improves. Consolidated net sales for 2007 were $295 million compared to $328 million last year, a decrease of 10%. Including certain restructuring and nonrecurring items totaling a net $7.3 million, the Company recorded a net loss of $9.9 million or $(.84) per share, compared to net income of $5.4 million or .46 per share in 2006. Pretax charges of $7.8 million in 2007 resulted primarily from the closing of our last major casegoods facility, located in Bassett, Va., and lease exit costs associated with closed stores. Additionally, the Company incurred a pretax charge of $2.2 million related to the acquisition of the remaining equity in our South Texas retail operation. Partially offsetting these charges was $2.1 million of

pretax income resulting from our share of the 2007 proceeds from the Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act (CDSOA). The progress that we enjoyed in our wholesale operations in 2006 deteriorated significantly in 2007 due to a 15% drop in net shipments to our stores and other dealers. This drop compressed our margins and precipitated aggressive cost reduction actions including the aforementioned plant closing, the downsizing of our wholesale showroom, and reductions in corporate staff and field support payroll. We will continue to vigilantly monitor our costs as they relate to the weak retail environment that we expect to see in 2008 while staying mindful of the funds required to improve store performance. As you know, 2006 was our first year operating a larger corporate store network. We began 2007 with a total of 28 stores and 2008 starts with 32. During the course of the year we acquired two stores in the Boston market, one in Charleston, S.C., and opened our fourth Atlanta store. Our experience has shown that it can take several quarters to improve the performance of new or acquired stores. Excluding the results from stores acquired in 2007, retail losses were reduced by 39% compared to 2006. We expect continued, strong corporate store operating improvement this year as we standardize our platform and make sure that every district is progressing against last year's numbers. Labor Day weekend marked the debut of our new Bassett Home Furnishings retail concept. Gone is the moniker "Bassett Furniture Direct" as our new name more accurately communicates the stylish environment that the consumer will find within. Our flagship Pineville, N.C., store was converted over the summer and has been a very strong performer for the past six months. We have subsequently opened four additional new stores. Plans for 2008 call for conversions of two more of our existing corporate retail fleet and lighter remodels of three more corporate and 10-15 licensed stores. The new store environment is organized around four targeted consumer lifestyles and is anchored by a design center that showcases our industry leading custom upholstery program. Our in home design service capabilities are strengthened by expanded lighting, rug, textile, and decorative accessory departments. There are even private presentation rooms where the client can collaborate with our Design Consultants on their special vision for their home. And our staff and licensees are looking forward to the upcoming introduction of window coverings to round out our"floor to ceiling"proposition phasing in over the course of 2008. While our team is excited about the prospects for this new vision, we must work diligently with our licensees and corporate retail employees to see that it is implemented to its fullest potential. Not all of our current locations are suitable to represent our new format.

Already underway is an extensive review of every Bassett market accompanied by a rigorous analysis of the future potential of each location as a Bassett Home Furnishings store. This could result in the closing of 15 to 18 stores over the next two years,most of which will involve consolidation in multi-store markets although some smaller trading areas will be exited altogether. The wholesale sales volume that will be put at risk by this process should be neutralized by new store openings and improved overall performance partially driven by remodels and conversions to the new concept. We are counting on a stronger Bassett retail fleet emerging from this process. Despite facing challenges on numerous fronts as we have transitioned from a pure manufacturer into a sourcing/manufacturing/retailing model, management has consistently attempted to preserve the strength of the Company's balance sheet while returning an attractive dividend to shareholders along the way. Updating our stores and building new ones will obviously require capital investment over the next several years. The basic premise in the future will remain the same--maintain a sound financial base to expand the new Bassett Home Furnishings network while simultaneously employing our balance sheet to augment returns to our shareholders. Management and our board of directors will continue to analyze how this strategy may best be executed in the future. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Kristina Herbig to Bassett's board. Kristina has a background in public accounting and is the former chief financial officer of the very successful P. F. Changs restaurant chain. We look forward to her future contributions to the Company. Finally, I would like to thank our shareholders for their support of the Company during this difficult period. Furthermore, I want to express my appreciation to all Bassett customers and to our approximately 1500 associates for their hard work and dedication to the Company.

BUILDING

NATIONAL

RETAIL BRAND
A New Retail Prototype A New Merchandising Strategy Marketing the Brand Strengthening Our Talent

Robert H. Spilman Jr.

