TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

2016 was another year of successful execution of the strategic template that our team has been re ning for the past several years. We began new initiatives and invested in every aspect of our business; our retail stores, technology, manufacturing, and logistics. In the process, we grew operating income by 8% to $28.2 million, generated $39.1 million of cash ow from operations, and produced a 6% increase in net income a er non-recurring items to $15.7 million. Consolidated revenue grew slightly to $432 million. Although our total annual revenue has grown for seven consecutive years, I would describe the general environment for home furnishings in 2016 as inconsistent. We are proud of our track record of generating positive comparable same store sales for six straight years. Only a very strong last few months of the year allowed us to keep that record intact, however. Nevertheless, consumers across the country continue to respond positively to our store experience and product assortment. In that regard, we believe that our ongoing focus on new merchandising programs and a considerable amount of potential new markets for our stores provide us a runway to grow Bassett for many years to come. 2017 will mark our 20th year in the retail furniture business, still a relatively short amount of time for a company that will celebrate its 115th birthday this year. Today we own 59 corporate stores and license our concept to another 20 individuals that operate 31 stores across the country ­ a total of 90 Bassett Home Furnishings stores today. Originally, our concept was a strategy to create a market for our manufactured products that were facing an onslaught of imports that were hitting the market with unfair cost advantages and severely damaging our business. To combat this trend, we developed the Bassett store strategy and opened our rst location in 1997. Last year, 67% of the wholesale goods that we shipped were sold through our retail channel. Since inception, our stores have been and remain our primary growth vehicle. Although we believe that a market exists for many more Bassett stores, we continue to

methodically assess each new store opportunity to secure the best real estate possible. Unfortunately, this process takes time and can be frustratingly slow; but we understand the responsibility that comes with long term leases and we will not compromise our standards to haphazardly bring on new storefronts. In 2016 we opened new stores in Sterling, Virginia and Hunt Valley, Maryland. Both stores are well sta ed and o to strong starts. We also repositioned our Newport News, Virginia location into better real estate and closed three older stores that we acquired from former licensees years ago. Coupled with the closure of two licensee operated stores, these moves resulted in our year end 2016 store count of 90 locations. In 2017, we will open at least ve new stores ­ four corporate and one licensed. We will also reposition our Scottsdale, Arizona store. One additional corporate store will close and another licensee location will as well, meaning we should end the year with at least 93 locations. We have evolved beyond regarding the stores as a sales channel for our wholesale segment to the realization of retail being a pro t center in its own right. Although store closing inventory reductions, additional pre-opening costs, and a sub-par year in the energy related market of Houston reduced our overall retail income this year, we did record our second best year ever in retail with an operating pro t of $4.3 million. While we face a challenge in 2017 with an additional $2 million of pre-opening costs and post-opening losses, we are committed to continuing our comparable store sales improvement record to maintain pro tability. New initiatives such as our three phased new product rollout taking place in January, March, and August are designed to keep the sales pace going. We are also optimistic about other new programs including a more robust lighting and mirror assortment to integrate with our in home design strategy and an image building direct mail campaign that will coincide with key selling periods throughout the year.

Our wholesale segment su ered a sales decline in 2016 a er several years of strong growth. All of the loss in volume came from customers outside the Bassett store network. Interestingly, this channel has driven much of the aforementioned recent wholesale growth but the discontinuation of business with a major wholesale customer and a weaker sales environment slowed our sales momentum. We remain committed to selling strong independent furniture retailers in areas of the country that do not con ict with our stores. HGTV HOMETM Design Studio by Bassett

e primary vehicle to accomplish this goal is our HGTV HOMETM Design Studio by Bassett galleries that are featured in 82 retail operations across the United States. Our ve year relationship with the HGTV network has been fruitful in di erentiating our store concept from competition and in communicating our design capabilities. HGTV at Bassett is now proving to be a sales driver in the general furniture store marketplace as well. e attraction to the association with the #1 cable television network for upscale women helped us plant the HGTV/Bassett ag in 20 new retail locations in 2016. To further support the sales e ort in the open market, we remodeled our wholesale showroom in High Point, North Carolina and renewed our lease at the World Market Center in Las Vegas in 2016. On the operations side of the wholesale segment, we continued to improve and grow our domestic footprint. In fact, over 70% of our total wholesale shipments last year were produced or assembled domestically. To plan for future growth, we opened a new upholstery manufacturing cell in Texas last February. We attained pro tability within 90 days in our new facility and we plan to expand the operation in early 2017. Speed to market with our custom upholstery product line has been a catalyst for our growth and the new Texas e ort will allow us to scale this core competency to new heights. Meanwhile, our Bench Made product

Bench-Made

assortment recently turned two years old and continues to gain importance in our overall sales e ort. In fact, we doubled the capacity of the Bench Made facility last year to keep up with the sales growth. e "Made in America" solid wood dining, occasional, and bedroom furniture story coupled with innovative product designs and wood nishes has allowed Bench Made to carve a unique niche in a crowded marketplace. Our merchandising teams are buoyed by this success and are hard at work on the next generation of this exciting product range. e long term potential of the 2015 acquisition of Zenith Freight Lines becomes more apparent each year. e stakes have been rising in the long haul U. S. furniture industry freight business as government mandated electronic record keeping limits rolling stock asset deployment and driver

behind the wheel time on the road. In the historically Mom `n Pop driven furniture freight trucking world, the cost associated with these federal mandates can be crippling. e early investment that Zenith made in compliant technology is now being realized and we are very enthused about the market share leverage that this foresight a ords us. Building on this vision, the national distribution center platform that Zenith has architected gives us the ability to shorten the trip time for our drivers and reduces the lead time for our customers. And at the end of the line, Zenith's burgeoning nal mile capabilities enable Bassett to provide an internally controlled end to end best of class service proposition to our customers. e consumer's doorstep is o en referred to in furniture parlance as "the one yard line". With Zenith's home delivery capabilities, Bassett now scores by satisfying our customers on every step of the furniture transaction.

Peninsula

American Casual

Custom Upholstered Sofa

Custom Upholstered Bed

e components of our model have been created and perfected through trial and error over the past 20 years. Very o en, there were di culties that arose that required either persistence or an abrupt change of course. Fundamentally, however, a belief in our long term vision was required to carry the day. I can unequivocally say that Bassett could not have made it through the valley that claimed so many of our former competitors had it not been for the wisdom and con dence displayed by our Board of Directors. 2016 cast a pall on the Bassett Furniture family with the deaths of two of our beloved Directors; Dr. Peter Brown and Mr. Howard Haworth. ese gentlemen loyally served the Bassett shareholders for 23 and 20 years respectively. eir unbending belief in the virtue of our strategy was a matter of corporate life and death during the darkest days of the import invasion and e Great Recession. For them, I am forever grateful. In the very same light, I salute Mr. Dale Pond, a 13 year Bassett board member who is not standing for election this year due to a debilitating illness. Dale's high powered career leading the marketing e ort at Lowe's Corporation gave us "big time" insight into

the home improvement consumer and its parallels to our business model. His formative contributions to our forays into the realm of consumer research were transformational. And, like Peter and Howard, Dale's support through very tough times will never be forgotten. On a happier note, we welcomed Mr. John Belk to the Bassett board this fall. Johnny spent his entire career at Belk Stores, Inc. retiring as President in early 2016. His vast knowledge of all aspects of retailing and his extensive public company board experience will be invaluable in the years ahead. I close the book on 2016 with gratitude for the contributions and support of our associates, our Board of Directors, and our shareholders.

Robert H. Spilman, Jr. Chairman & CEO

