FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
TO OUR EMPLOYEES AND STOCKHOLDERS:
2012 Sales by Product Category
(Dollars in millions)
Interventional Cardiology Cardiac Rhythm Management Endoscopy
Peripheral Interventions Urology/Women’s Health Neuromodulation Electrophysiology
Divested Businesses 2
$
2012
2,179 30% 1,908 26% 1,252 17%
774 11% 500 7% 367 5% 147 2%
7,127
122 2%
7,249 100%
2012
3,756 52% 1,568 21%
931 13%
872 12% 7,127
122 2% 7,249 100%
New leadership, a global strategy and a continued commitment to meaningful innovation set the stage for a new era of growth for Boston Scientific.
Stronger execution during 2012 in many areas of our company, fueled by meaningful innovation and the dedication and winning spirit of our global employees, has set the stage for Boston Scientific to return to growth.
Guided by a clear global strategy and a committed, seasoned leadership team, our company took important steps in 2012 to stabilize and strengthen its core businesses while expanding into new, higher-growth market adjacencies and emerging geographies.
And while there remain areas we must continue to address in order to improve our overall performance and strengthen our growth profile, we believe we have the right formula to achieve our goals. As we move forward, we expect to become a high performance leader that honors its 35-year heritage of saving and improving lives while transforming millions more around the world.
Highlights of 2012
• Our company delivered sales of $7.249 billion. While overall global revenue declined three percent on a constant currency basis, driven by challenging end markets for our Interventional Cardiology and Cardiac Rhythm Management business units, we gained share in several of our businesses, including Endoscopy, Peripheral Interventions, Neuromodulation and Urology.3
                    2012 Sales by Geographic Segment
$
  (Dollars in millions) U.S.
EMEA
Japan Inter-Continental
Divested Businesses 2
$
             $
 2
2 SalesfromdivestedbusinessesincludethosegeneratedbytheCompany’s former Neurovascular business, sold to Stryker Corporation in January 2011.
3 Constant currency growth rates are non-GAAP measures; see reconciliation to GAAP growth rates on page 17.
4 CompanyestimatesasofDecember2012.
5 Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP measure; see reconciliation
to GAAP earnings (loss) per share on page 17.
6 In the U.S., this device is investigational and is not available for use or sale.
7 This is an investigational device worldwide and is not available for use or sale.

 • We remained an acknowledged leader across the majority of the markets we serve. In a global medical device market that exceeds $30 billion, our core products are first or second in 21 of 35 product categories.4
• Our adjusted earnings per share of $0.66 was within our guidance range.5
• We generated strong operating cash flow of $1.26 billion and used a portion of our cash flow to buy back approximately 105 million shares of stock during the year for approximately $600 million.
• We improved gross margins to 67.6 percent from 65.1 percent despite a lack of sales growth, driven primarily by the full transition to our internally-developed and self-manufactured PROMUS ElementTM Stent System during 2012 and cost reductions from plant network optimization and other process improvement programs.
• We maintained our strong commitment to research and development (R&D), investing $886 million in 2012. We also began shifting more of our R&D dollars into higher-growth markets, and we’re improving the leverage of our R&D capabilities across the company to unlock additional synergies and growth opportunities.
In addition to these performance highlights, we saw a number of positive trends during 2012 that we believe are helping fuel our growth strategy.
On a constant currency basis, four of our business units grew faster than the market and gained share globally.4 Our worldwide Endoscopy business grew revenue at seven percent on a constant currency basis, fueled by the sales of the WallFlex® Biliary
Transhepatic Stent, the ExpectTM Endoscopic Ultrasound Aspiration Needle and the Resolution® Clip.3 Our worldwide Peripheral Interventions business grew revenue at eight percent on a constant currency basis, driven by the launch of the EpicTM Self-Expanding Vascular Stent System, the MustangTM PTA Balloon Catheter and the TruePath CTO Device.3 Our Neuromodulation business grew revenue at nine percent worldwide, gaining the number two share position in the U.S., while our Urology business grew revenue at nine percent on a constant currency basis outside of the U.S. as the business continued to expand its international capabilities.3, 4
In our core markets, we achieved U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) approval for our S-ICD® System, following our acquisition of Cameron Health, and gained CE Mark approval for our SYNERGYTM Drug-Eluting Stent System.6 Additionally, our acquisition of BridgePoint Medical brought us a compelling technology for treating coronary chronic total occlusions.
We continued to expand into new and faster-growing adjacent markets. In Electrophysiology we acquired Rhythmia Medical, gaining a new mapping and navigation capability that is expected to enable more effective treatment of atrial fibrillation. We also acquired Vessix Vascular and its innovative second-generation platform for treating hypertension – a potential $2.5 billion worldwide market. Additionally, we advanced our transcatheter aortic valve replacement capability, announcing positive data from the REPRISE I clinical trial of our LotusTM Aortic Valve System7
and initiating patient enrollment in the REPRISE II trial. We also received European regulatory approval for both our VerciseTM Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) System6 for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and our Precision SpectraTM Spinal Cord Stimulator System for pain management.
Michael F. Mahoney
President and Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
3

 SUSTAINABILITY
   We believe that leading environmental, health
and safety performance contributes to our strength and benefits all of our stakeholders. We have made solid strides toward increasing sustainability
at our sites, minimizing waste generation, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and promoting safety in the workplace. Learn more by viewing our 2012 Sustainability Report at bostonscientific.com/ sustainability
We continued to expand internationally, particularly in emerging markets. In Brazil, Russia, India and China (BRIC) our combined revenue grew approximately 28 percent year-over-year on a constant currency basis.8 Further, we are building stronger capabilities including R&D, regulatory and physician training that are essential for us to continue driving high growth in these emerging markets.
Thinking Differently, Acting Decisively
In 2012 we moved decisively on a number of strategic and operational fronts to improve our global execution and position our company for long-term sales and earnings growth.
For example, we began creating a new global operating model to improve speed and global growth. We also hired a number of new and experienced leaders to strengthen our global leadership team, including new leaders in Asia-Pacific, China, India and for our Urology & Women’s Health business.
We also are aligning our R&D teams to maximize productivity and innovation and are streamlining our overall organization to increase speed, agility and flexibility. Additionally, we streamlined our commercial sales model both in the U.S. and Europe, reducing layers and complexity, and began building a stronger corporate solutions organization to meet the demands of the large, integrated health networks and emerging accountable care organizations.
We believe that the changes we have made across our business will improve our performance and deliver better value for patients, customers, stockholders and employees. Taken together, they demonstrate how we are thinking and acting differently to address the strong fundamentals and significant opportunities we see in today’s highly dynamic global medical technology market.
A Renaissance Is Underway at Boston Scientific
As 2013 unfolds, we expect to see continued above-market growth in our Peripheral Interventions, Endoscopy, Urology and Neuromodulation businesses. We also expect to see continued growth in emerging markets, driven by accelerated topline performance in the BRIC countries. Lastly, we believe our Interventional Cardiology and Cardiac Rhythm Management businesses will deliver improved performance and grow share in those markets in 2013.
Our plan calls for a return to overall growth in the second half of 2013 with continued strong cash flow and consistent revenue and adjusted earnings growth. By 2017, we expect to be growing revenue in the mid-single-digit range and growing adjusted earnings per share in the high-single to low-double-digit range. We believe this growth will be driven by the increased impact
of adjacent markets, share gains in core markets propelled by new innovation, strong execution of key growth drivers and the increased impact of our international and emerging markets.
This strategy is both ambitious and grounded in today’s market realities and is guided by imperatives that provide us with a clear roadmap. We believe we are making the necessary operational changes, pursuing the right growth markets and putting in place the right team to lead Boston Scientific for the long term.
We also recently created a new mission and set of core values that motivate, mobilize and focus us on delivering our brand declaration: Advancing science for life. We believe that when
we successfully advance science to improve the lives of patients, there is a ripple effect that improves the health of our company, our business relationships and your investment.
   8 Constant currency growth rates are non-GAAP measures; see reconciliation to GAAP growth rates on page 17.
4

 OUR STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
   We are especially grateful to our employees worldwide who continue to make advancing science for life their number one priority. We believe their capacity for innovation, renewal and reinvigoration positions us for future success.
At Boston Scientific we believe that corporate social responsibility is of the utmost importance. During 2012, nonprofit organizations supported by Boston Scientific positively impacted lives around the corner and across the globe. From grants awarded by the Boston Scientific Foundation, which enable community-based health centers to serve more people, to schools that empower students to excel in the areas of science, technology, engineering and math, to our very own Close the Gap initiative designed to address disparities in cardiovascular care for underserved patient populations, we demonstrated our commitment to patients, colleagues and communities.
We also remained mindful of our impact on the planet, launching a “Green Supply Chain” procurement program, completing
a 1.2 megawatt solar array at our Quincy, Massachusetts distribution center and establishing five-year goals that reflect our ongoing commitment to improving environmental sustainability performance.
Whether it’s improving execution in our traditional markets, pushing into exciting adjacencies, expanding into emerging markets or supporting our communities, we believe that Boston Scientific is demonstrating the ability to innovate and lead in a dynamic market environment. Inspired by more than three decades of meaningful innovation, we are driven today more than ever by a refreshed sense of urgency and passion to transform lives.
Strengthen our execution to grow share in our core markets by delivering unique value through innovation, execution and enhanced commercial capabilities.
Expand into high growth adjacencies by leading in new, high-growth markets that leverage our innovation and capabilities.
Drive global expansion through a strong focus on our international markets, including the BRIC countries and other emerging markets.
Fund the journey to fuel growth through continuous improvement and lean best practices that drive margin improvements.
Develop key capabilities and programs to lead in a shifting
global healthcare marketplace while attracting and retaining top talent.
Thank you to our stockholders, customers and employees for your support over the past year. While we were encouraged by our performance exiting 2012, we will not be satisfied until we return to the kind of strong, sustainable global sales and earnings growth that enables us to realize the fullest potential of our worthy mission. We are confident that we are on track to achieve that goal and appreciate your continued support.
            Sincerely,
Michael F. Mahoney
President and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2013
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
       5
