 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND EMPLOYEES:
Twenty-five years ago, Boston Scientific was founded on the premise that less-invasive medicine could improve patients’ lives while reducing risk, trauma, cost, procedure time and the need for aftercare. Since that time, we’ve dedicated ourselves to being the world’s leading medical device manufacturer.
Today, we’re proud to report that we have not only achieved our original goal, but in many ways we have surpassed it. Boston Scientific is now the largest medical device company focused on less-invasive medicine, and we are committed to contin- uing our tradition of providing the most innovative solutions to clinicians and their patients. As we celebrate our 25th anniversary, the promise of medical innovation has never been greater, and our commitment to it has never been stronger.
Many factors have inspired our success, perhaps none more than our collective sharing of clear values that have guided us from the beginning. Above all, our values have motivated us always to seek to do what’s right: for clinicians, for patients, for our shareholders, for our employees and ultimately for medicine. This anniversary report is a testament to that commitment.
A LANDMARK ACHIEVEMENT IN CARDIOVASCULAR MEDICINE
In March 2004 we received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to launch our TAXUS® Express2TM paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent system in the United States. Within weeks, we had secured close to 70 percent market share in the drug-eluting stent market. By early January 2005, we had delivered one million TAXUS systems. This series of unprecedented accomplishments was the result of years of innovation and collaboration from people across the organization. We’d been working toward this moment for a long time, and the results exceeded our expectations on every level. In the end, we executed one of the largest and most successful product launches in medical device history.
The processes we put in place to develop and launch the TAXUS system also helped us meet the challenges of the recalls we instituted over the summer, after discovering and solving a manufacturing problem related to the delivery system. Thanks to the capacity we had built into our supply chain, we were able to resupply the U.S. market within 48 hours – and experience virtually no back orders. The prompt and effective response of our employees to address the concerns of clini- cians and their patients was additional proof of our belief in doing what’s right.
The fact that Boston Scientific continues to hold more than 60 percent of the U.S. market for drug-eluting stents speaks to our outstanding product quality, abundant supply capacity, highly-regarded sales force and solid clinical results that we share openly with the medical community. After launch, the FDA extended the shelf life of the TAXUS system in the U.S. from six to nine months.
  3
  
  The success of the TAXUS® system launch not only constituted a breakthrough in cardiovascular care; it also contributed to a remark- able financial milestone. Our global sales for 2004 were $5.6 billion, a 62 percent increase over 2003.
Looking ahead, we plan to strengthen our drug-eluting stent leadership by reinforcing the clinical excellence and availability of the TAXUS system while bringing to market our next-generation TAXUS® LibertéTMpaclitaxel-eluting coronary stent system. This new technology, which offers improved deliverability and conformability, particularly in challenging anatomies, became available in January 2005 in selected international markets. We recently completed enrollment in the ATLAS clinical trial for the TAXUS Liberté system and began enrollment in the OLYMPIC registry, which will be the world’s largest drug-eluting stent registry. We antici- pate European approval of TAXUS Liberté in 2005 and U.S. approval in 2006.
COMPANY-WIDE SUCCESSES
For the first time, statistics show that heart disease is no longer the top killer of Americans. In part, that’s because patients have benefited from less-invasive surgical techniques and devices for treating heart disease. With the TAXUS system, we’re proud to be among the leading innovators who have helped clinicians change the face of cardiovascular medicine – and make a difference in countless lives worldwide.
In addition to the enormous success of TAXUS, our Endosurgery Group posted impressive growth in 2004, based on a number of technologies in our Endoscopy, Oncology, Urology and Gynecology businesses. Our European and Inter-Continental sales organiza- tions also expanded our global presence and helped to improve the quality of life for patients around the world. International sales rose 37 percent for the year to $2.1 billion. To support our international efforts, we received 45 CE Mark approvals in Europe for our products.
Among the 31 FDA approvals we received in 2004 were clearances to market the Contour SETM Embolic Agent for the less-invasive treatmentofuterinefibroids,theFilterWireEZTM EmbolicProtection System to treat saphenous vein graft disease, the Express® Biliary SD Monorail® Premounted Stent System for the treatment of malignant biliary tumors, and the coronary IQTM Guidewire to facilitate the placement of balloon catheters or other interventional therapeutic devices during coronary angioplasty procedures.
We also launched three product lines in our Urology and Gynecology businesses, received Medicare reimbursement codes for intravascular ultrasound procedures and received expanded TAXUS system
reimbursements from the French government. As the year ended, we converted to an exclusive license from Angiotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a right to use paclitaxel, the active agent in our TAXUS system, for certain applications in the cardiovascular field. Paclitaxel has proved to be extremely safe and effective in preventing restenosis, or reblock- ing of arteries, in patients suffering from coronary artery disease.
INVESTING IN OUR FUTURE – AND THE FUTURE OF MEDICINE
The success of the TAXUS product and the resources generated by it and other products have created new opportunities for the next phase of our growth. We have developed a strategic plan that sets the stage to deploy our many resources and to realize our substantial potential.
This three-part plan includes strengthening our coronary drug- eluting stent leadership in areas such as Japan, where we expect that the TAXUS system will become available during 2006; growing in related markets, such as carotid stenting, vascular sealing and abdominal aortic aneurysm repair, where we continue to make investments and foster new innovations; and growing in new markets that will expand the Boston Scientific footprint into new medical specialties that will allow us to treat a broader range of diseases and patients.
We anticipate that growth in new markets will come from several investments we made in recent years. These include internal devel- opment of our EndovationsTM Endoscopy System, which combines unique catheter technology with video imaging capabilities, and which we expect to launch in the U.S. in 2006; an alliance with Cameron Health, Inc., which is developing a leadless implantable cardioverter defibrillator; and the acquisition of Advanced Bionics Corporation, which applies neuromodulation devices to restore hearing and manage pain and is developing technology that may reduce migraine headaches. As we expanded our business to include neuromodulation technologies, we were proud to welcome more than 500 talented employees from Advanced Bionics Corporation to the Boston Scientific family.
Other investments included stent and stent delivery systems specif- ically designed to address the unique anatomical needs of coronary artery disease in bifurcated vessels; high-performance guidewires and microcatheters used primarily to access brain aneurysms, tumors and blood vessel lesions; and a balloon-expandable, bioresorbable drug-eluting stent with a specialized stent geometry.
These technologies reflect the success of our hybrid investment model, where we pursue both internal development and alliances with outside innovators. The result is a diverse pipeline primed to support continued growth in the years ahead.
 4

  A GLOBAL EMPLOYEE COMMUNITY COMMITTED TO DOING IT RIGHT
It seems fitting that 2004 was the year Boston Scientific marked a quarter century of remarkable growth and achievement. A host of accomplishments – including the success of the TAXUS® system, our many product launches and line extensions, our 1,418 new worldwide patents, our recognition as one of the top 50 companies of 2004 by BusinessWeek, our NorthFace ScoreBoardSM award for exemplary customer service, our Maple Grove, Minnesota plant’s Shingo Prize for Excellence in Manufacturing and Cadence Award for Excellence in Project Management, the formation of our Corporate Medical Affairs group and our numerous philan- thropic efforts including a $1 million donation to Doctors Without Borders – spoke to our global commitment to doing it right.
Throughout the year, we continued our advocacy on behalf of sound public policy, both in the United States and abroad. At the heart of this advocacy is our belief that medical innovation not only improves patient care and outcomes, but also in the long run reduces healthcare costs. In an era of rising healthcare budgets, less-invasive technology is part of the solution, rather than the problem. We advanced this proposition through our positions of leadership in the principal medical device associations in the U.S. and Europe, where we served on the Executive Committee of AdvaMed and as Chair of Eucomed. We also played a crucial role in the passage of several legislative initiatives by Congress, including measures designed to assist the FDA, extend the R&D tax credit and repatriate foreign profits to the U.S.
In addition to hiring more than 3,000 people to support our ongoing success, we also made changes to enhance our leadership at the senior management level. Most significantly, we appointed Paul LaViolette as Chief Operating Officer. Paul assumed responsibility for all the Company’s business units and worldwide commercial activities, with the exception of Advanced Bionics Corporation. We are delighted to have the Company’s day-to-day direction under his able guidance and steady hand.
We welcomed several people to our Executive Committee as well, including Brian Burns, Senior Vice President for Quality; Jim Gilbert, Senior Vice President; Jeff Goodman, Senior Vice President and President of International; Ken Pucel, Senior Vice President for Operations; Lucia Quinn, Senior Vice President; and Dr. Mary E. Russell, Senior Vice President for Clinical and Regulatory and Chief Medical Officer. We also want to acknowledge that under
the leadership of Group President Steve Moreci, our Endosurgery Group exceeded $1 billion in revenues for the first time.
Finally, we wished Joseph Ciffolillo well as he retired from our Board of Directors. Joe joined Boston Scientific in 1983 as President of Medi-tech, Inc., and over the years held a number of executive leadership positions within the Company. We thank him for his distinguished service and his many contributions.
To share our success with our employees, we announced a special one-time contribution of more than $100 million to the 401(k) employee retirement plan. We realize that at the end of the day, the success of Boston Scientific depends most directly on our employees.
We hope our achievements in 2004 will serve as additional evidence of Boston Scientific’s abiding commitment to helping clinicians improve patients’ lives through the development of a wide array of innovative medical technologies that will enhance disease treatment. For a quarter century, this has been our promise. By always seeking to do the right thing we have aspired to deliver on that promise and its considerable benefits. Today, we renew our dedication to a commitment that began 25 years ago in Watertown, Massachusetts, and that over time has touched – and improved – the lives of millions worldwide. Thank you for believing in us and sustaining us on our journey.
Sincerely,
Jim Tobin
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 25, 2005
Pete Nicholas
Chairman of the Board
   5
