                To Our Employees and Shareholders:
We are creating a culture of success, now, not later.
Despite a global recession, difficult business conditions and the disruptive debate on U.S. health care reform, we achieved successes in all our businesses in 2009. We made important progress by improving quality, launching new products and investing in our people. We accomplished a great deal that positions us well for the future.
Even so, we are far from satisfied. We understand the considerable challenges that confront us, and we see 2010 as a rebuilding year. To that end, we recently announced a series of restructuring initiatives and management changes aimed at turning around the Company.
Our job is to achieve superior results, and we will do that by creating a culture of success — now, not later. We can’t change everything overnight, but we can immediately accelerate the pace of change to deliver improved results as quickly as possible. Boston Scientific is a big ship, and it won’t be turned around in a quarter or two, but it will turn, and when it does everyone will notice.
Strong Fundamentals
As we begin our work, we are bolstered by Boston Scientific’s remarkably strong fundamentals:
We are one of the world’s largest medical device companies, and our revenue base of more than $8 billion annually is sizable and stable.
We participate in large and growing markets that total more than $28 billion a year, and nearly all of them are larger than $1 billion.
We offer a diverse portfolio of market- leading products, and we are ranked first or second in market share in more than 75 percent of our markets.
We invest $1 billion annually in research and development, and we plan to maintain this level of investment. Our R&D efforts have consistently fueled a robust new product pipeline. In 2009, fully 42 percent of our revenue came from new products.
We have financial strength and flexibility, including exceptional cash flow. In less than three years, we have reduced our debt by more than a third, refinanced $2 billion in loan maturities and made significant progress toward achieving an investment grade profile.
Restructuring to Achieve
Our Potential
Our restructuring initiatives and manage- ment changes will provide the organizational structure and leadership needed to execute our Strategic Plan and achieve the full potential of our Company. The changes we’re making will help us drive innovation, accelerate profitable growth and increase both management accountability and shareholder value. They will help us better serve our customers and most important, their patients.
The key components of the restructuring plan are:
Combining our Cardiovascular and Cardiac Rhythm Management groups into one stronger and more competitive organization that will improve our ability to deliver innovative products and technologies, leading clinical science and exceptional service. This new organization will be known as the CRV Group (Cardiology, Rhythm and Vascular), and it will include an Endovascular unit that will encompass Peripheral Interventions, Neurovascular, Imaging and Electrophysiology.
Creating the role of Chief Technology Officer. With centralized leadership we will change our allocation of resources to incorporate new growth priorities, develop
technology Centers of Excellence, drive improved product development timing and efficiency, and expand the spectrum of new product opportunities.
Establishing new reporting relationships for the Presidents of our Endoscopy Division and our newly named Urology and Women’s Health Division. Both now report directly
to the CEO, and both Divisions will attract significant additional investments.
Creating a Global Sales Focus team to drive targeted sales force expansions and deliver best practice capabilities in crucial areas such as training, management, forecasting and planning. This team will focus relentlessly on sales execution.
Streamlining our International organization. Three regions — Japan, Europe and a new Emerging Markets Group — now report directly to the CEO. The Emerging Markets Group will maximize our opportunities in countries whose economies and health care sectors are growing rapidly. We will focus on four key “hubs” with strong future prospects: Brazil, China, Eastern Europe and India.
In addition, we plan to further rationalize and refocus our business portfolio through select divestitures and acquisitions.
Effectiveness and efficiency must be central to everything we do. As part of our restructuring plan, over the next two years we will reduce gross expenses by $200 million to $250 million and gross head count by 1,000 to 1,300. Job loss is an unfortunate but unavoidable part of this plan. We will treat all employees affected by the reductions with dignity, respect and fairness.
Our management changes consolidate operational responsibilities under Sam Leno, Chief Operations Officer; financial responsibilities under Jeff Capello, Chief
           2

                Financial Officer, reporting to Mr. Leno; and administrative responsibilities under Tim Pratt, Chief Administrative Officer.
Promising Opportunities
Our fundamentals are strong, we have many outstanding people, and we’ve begun a series of major steps to position our Company for long-term success. Our pipeline is the best in the industry, and it is producing a rich array of new products. We’re looking to the future with renewed optimism, and we’re excited by the promising opportunities before us.
Among our reasons for optimism are the following:
We are the undisputed share leader
in the $4 billion global drug-eluting
stent market. Our leadership has proved durable and resilient in the face of intense competition. We’re encouraged by our next-generation technologies such as the PROMUS® Element,TM TAXUS® ElementTM and EVOLUTION drug-eluting stent systems, and we have the industry’s only two-drug offering. We have every intention of not only maintaining but extending our leadership, both in the drug-eluting stent market and in the cath lab overall.
We hold a strong position in the $11 billion global cardiac rhythm management market. We’ve posted 10 straight quarters of growth, and we gained market share in 2009.
The COGNIS® Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy Defibrillator and the TELIGEN® Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator are the world’s smallest and thinnest high-energy devices. We have increased investment in our sales force and driven new product development.
Our Endoscopy Division reached the
$1 billion milestone for worldwide sales in 2009, a tremendous accomplishment and an unmistakable sign of the potential of this business. We believe Endoscopy can double its revenues in the near future.
Our Urology and Women’s Health Division also has potential far beyond its current numbers. We believe this Division’s annual revenues can grow to well in excess of $1 billion. One indication of its potential is the 23 percent sales growth in its Women’s Health business from 2008 to 2009.
Our Neuromodulation Division saw year-over-year growth of 17 percent. The Precision PlusTM Spinal Cord Stimulation System is the only system to offer 16 independent channels, allowing more precise targeting and better treatment
of chronic pain. Upcoming new product launches will contribute to continued high growth.
POWER to Execute
Our Global Strategy
We plan to accelerate profitable growth and increase shareholder value by executing five strategic priorities, which are represented by the acronym POWER:
Prepare people and place them in strategic positions to inspire others and deliver results.
Optimize the Company for greater efficiency and effectiveness by restruc- turing our business model.
Win global market share by developing and acquiring high-impact growth products.
Expand our global sales and marketing focus with critical new capabilities and people so we can better execute our sales activities.
Realign our business portfolio to improve leverage and accelerate profitable growth.
We discuss these strategies in greater detail later in this report. We’re confident that these strategies, executed in pursuit of our Priority Growth Initiatives, will significantly strengthen Boston Scientific. We are deploying them now, not later, to unleash the full power of our Company.
Before closing, there are several individuals we wish to recognize. First, Jim Tobin, our CEO for 10 years, retired in 2009. During
Jim’s tenure, Boston Scientific grew dramatically and helped millions of patients. We thank him for his service.
We also want to thank our departing board members for their service: Ursula Burns, Nancy-Ann DeParle, Joel Fleishman and Kristina Johnson.
We want to welcome four new board members: Katharine Bartlett, the A. Kenneth Pye Professor of Law at the Duke University School of Law; Bruce Byrnes, retired Vice Chairman of the Board for The Procter & Gamble Company; Nelda Connors, President of the Electrical and Metal Products Division of Tyco International; and John Sununu, former U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. We look forward to the benefit of their experience and counsel.
We will be tireless in our pursuit of the objectives and commitments outlined in this letter. As we do so, we will maintain the highest levels of quality, compliance and integrity. If we earn respect and trust, commercial success will follow. We are on the path to that success — now, not later.
Sincerely,
Ray Elliott
President and Chief Executive Officer
Pete Nicholas Chairman of the Board
February 26, 2010
        3
 