One BTU at a Time | Shareholder Letter | Many Countries, Multiple Projects | Energizing the World | Financial Data Management’s Analysis | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Global Operations | Board of Directors | Shareholder Information
  ThERE’S ONlY
ONE BTU
Peabody’s coal fuels energy needs in developing Asia and around the world. Increased use of coal drives improved lifestyles and economies.
  2 3
Gregory H. Boyce Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder:
One BTU. The phrase points to the unique nature of the world’s largest private-sector coal company. It points to the combined power of our people and projects serving customers on six continents. It points to a ticker symbol of an energy leader that generated a 100 percent total shareholder return in 2009. And it points to the simple building block of energy that empowers lives and global economies.
Peabody is the only global pure-play coal investment. And with the industry’s leading reserve position, Peabody is Btu-rich, housing an enormous supply of energy to fuel the fastest growing markets in the world... from the steel mills of northern China to the new generating stations of coastal India to the baseload power plants of the United States.
BTU fuels the most basic energy needs... bringing light and warmth to countless families in developing nations. We power 21st Century classrooms... state-of-the-art surgical suites... and modern research facilities, providing energy that lifts people everywhere to a better quality of life.
We have the best talent and assets in the industry, and we’re using the combined strength of our
Peabody is using the combined strength of our strategic initiatives and the power of our global platform... energizing the world one Btu at a time.
strategic initiatives and the power of our global platform... energizing the world one Btu at a time.
Your company turned in superior results, delivering the second best financial performance in our history in the face of a severe global recession. In 2009, BTU:
• Reported record global safety performance, improving our safety rate 21 percent over the prior year;
• Generated a 100 percent total shareholder return;
• Expanded U.S. margins per ton 22 percent, resulting in record U.S. mining EBITDA of $1.0 billion;
• Accelerated Australian coal shipments in the second half of 2009, unveiled a plan to increase Australian volumes up to 40 million
tons annually by 2014, and advanced rail and port access in Australia;
• Contained costs through comprehensive process improvement and operational cost management programs;
• Achieved operating cash flows of more than $1 billion, generating significant end-of-year liquidity of $2.5 billion;
• Expanded our global footprint in developing Asia, opening a trading hub in Singapore, a new business development office in Indonesia and creating the Peabody-Polo joint venture in Mongolia;
• Advanced major clean coal and Btu Conversion initiatives in the United States, China and Australia;
• Ranked among the top 25 companies in the Forbes 2009 Platinum List of Best Managed Companies and was recognized as one of the top investments by Fortune for the prior one- and five-year periods; and
• Achieved more than 30 awards for safety, financial and environmental performance, including Global Energy Award honors for our innovative coal education program.
   Peabody Energy | 2009 Annual Report

One BTU at a Time | Shareholder Letter | Many Countries, Multiple Projects | Energizing the World | Financial Data Management’s Analysis | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Global Operations | Board of Directors | Shareholder Information
 BTU delivered a total shareholder return that was nearly four times that of the S&P 500 in 2009. We manage the company for long-term shareholder value. Your company’s results are exemplary, outperforming coal peers more than twelvefold since our initial public offering in 2001. During the same period, we also delivered a 646 percent return compared to 7 percent for the S&P 500.
What is driving Peabody’s long-term growth thesis? Simply put, we are well positioned to fuel the world’s fastest developing markets: the Asia-Pacific region globally, and markets served by the Powder River and Illinois basins in the United States. Developing nations lifted the world from recession in 2009, and these economies are expected to grow at multiples of developed nations in 2010. U.S. markets appear to have stabilized and should continue to recover this year.
Looking forward, BTU remains focused on increasing shareholder value by serving the fastest growing markets. Peabody has strong access to high-growth regions through our
Peabody’s executive team (from left) includes Greg Boyce, Fred Palmer, Alex Schoch, Mike Crews, Eric Ford, Sharon Fiehler and Rick Navarre.
expanding Australian platform, trading activities and Asian growth projects. We have an excellent U.S. position as the largest producer in the fastest growing regions. We have outstanding liquidity to create shareholder value.
Our goal is to deliver on growth this year by:
• Increasing our Australian metallurgical and thermal exports 20 to 30 percent;
• Maintaining U.S. production and benefiting from a strategy that has our U.S. volumes fully contracted for 2010, with leverage to improving markets in later years;
• Continuing to expand our business development and trading activities in the Australia-Asia region; and
• Investing in longer-term growth projects while targeting value-added acquisitions and joint ventures.
Greater use of coal is the world’s best solution for fueling energy needs and achieving important economic and environmental goals... what I call the 3Es.
Every day we use more coal, more cleanly,
to benefit the world’s people and economies.
It is clear that China, India and emerging Asia represent stunning long-term growth opportuni- ties. China is expected to quickly become the world’s second largest economy behind the United States, with annual coal use set to grow the equivalent of two times current U.S. coal use in the next decade.
India, too, is moving full throttle and is likely
to become the world’s fastest growing coal importer. Forecasts suggest India will become the second largest coal consumer behind China in as little as two decades. Should China and India alone use as much coal per person as the United States, the world would consume nearly twice as much coal as it does today.
My visits to the GreenGen construction site near Tianjin, China, demonstrate the momentum we are gaining for deployment of clean coal technologies. Peabody is the only non-Chinese equity partner in GreenGen, which will be among the world’s largest coal plants with near-zero emissions. It will begin phase one generation as quickly as next year, ultimately capturing carbon to enhance oil recovery from nearby oil fields.
As the United States and China pursue greater cooperation on clean energy solutions, President Barack Obama and China President Hu Jintao jointly cite GreenGen as a world model. Peabody is a global leader in clean coal solutions, and GreenGen is among a dozen projects and partnerships we are advancing around the world.
The foundation for our success is guided by best practices that are supported by
our Board of Directors. This past year we welcomed Frances Keeth, former Executive Vice President of Royal Dutch Shell, plc; and Robert Malone, past Chairman and President of BP America Inc.
Fran and Bob further expand our perspective on global energy markets and are welcome additions as BTU continues to pursue strategic global growth opportunities.
BTU STRONGlY OUTpERfORMS S&p 500 iN 2009 ANd lONG TERM
Total Shareholder Return
BTU 646%
 BTU 100%
  S&p 500 26%
 S&p 500 7%
     2009
May 2001-2009
BTU delivered a 100 percent total shareholder return in 2009, nearly four times that of the S&P 500. And since our May 2001 initial public offering, BTU achieved a 646 percent return compared to 7 percent for the S&P 500.
I thank our Board of Directors for its energy and wisdom, and I applaud our 7,300 employees who are energizing the world, every day... one Btu at a time.
Sincerely,
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2010
 4 5
 Peabody Energy | 2009 Annual Report
