Highlights | Letter to Shareholders | Essential Investment | Essential Energy | Essential Future | Green Coal | Global Operations Financial Data | Management’s Discussion | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Notes | Board of Directors
   Financial Highlights
In Millions, Except Per-Share Data;
From Continuing Operations 2008
Revenues $6,593.4 Operating Profit $1,392.9 EBITDA1 $1,847.3 Income $984.8 Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.63 Operating Cash Flows $1,413.9
2007 Improvement
$4,545.1 45% $592.7 135% $968.6 91% $440.0 124%
$1.63 123% $457.8 209%
   2 Peabody Energy
2008 Annual Report 3
Gregory H. Boyce Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder:
Essential. It’s a family using electricity for the first time in China, thanks to abundant, affordable coal. It’s a new hospital in South Korea built from steel made from Australian hard coking coal. It’s a researcher at Washington University in St. Louis working with scientists around the world to advance carbon capture and storage.
Essential. It’s a company that will ship a quarter-billion tons of coal to customers on six continents this year – more than 75 pounds of coal for every man, woman and child in the world... primarily delivered through the same electrical outlets that power microwaves, MP3 players, laptops and electric cars.
Essential. It’s Peabody, the company behind these stories... and the combined power of 7,200 employees who deliver the coal that builds economies, creates jobs and transforms lifestyles.
2008 was Peabody’s 125th anniversary year, and the world’s largest private- sector coal company delivered record-setting results. Your company:
• Delivered the best safety performance in our history, improving our accident rate nearly 30 percent to a level far better than the industry average;
• Set new records in major financial measures including sales volume, revenues, EBITDA, operating profit, net income, earnings per share and cash flows;
• Maintained our financial strength, using $1.41 billion in cash flows to fund capital projects, repurchase shares, pay dividends and reduce debt while still completing the year with nearly a half-billion dollars in cash and $2 billion in liquidity;
1 EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income from continuing operations before deducting net interest expense, income taxes, minority interests, asset retirement obligation expense, and depletion, depreciation and amortization.
• Increased contributions from global operations to more than half of the company’s total EBITDA, which nearly doubled to $1.847 billion;
• Completed the major new El Segundo Mine in New Mexico and the Wambo Complex in New South Wales, Australia;
• Advanced major clean coal and Btu Conversion initiatives in the United States, China and Australia;
• Received multiple honors for environmental performance in the United States and Australia;
• Placed first among mining and oil companies in Fortune’s Most Admired listing, earning top honors among peers in every category, including Long-Term Investment, Social Responsibility, Quality of Management, Financial Soundness, People Management, Use of Assets, Innovation and Product Quality;
• Received the Strategic Investment of the Year Award at the Global Energy Awards as well as the Award of Excellence for longstanding industry leadership; and
• Ranked 21st on the Forbes 400 Platinum List of Best Managed Companies, recognizing a five-year total shareholder return of 25.1 percent.
Peabody’s performance was a direct result of significant strategic actions we have taken in recent years to transform the portfolio and enhance the operating platform. Those who have followed us for some time know that we have reshaped Peabody through international expansion, operational initiatives in the Western United States and the spin-off of Eastern U.S. assets.

Highlights | Letter to Shareholders | Essential Investment | Essential Energy | Essential Future | Green Coal | Global Operations Financial Data | Management’s Discussion | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Notes | Board of Directors
   Peabody’s senior executive team
(from right) includes: Greg Boyce, Sharon Fiehler, Fred Palmer, Alex Schoch, Mike Crews, Eric Ford and Rick Navarre.
In a year when earnings doubled and cash flows tripled, it is a disappointing irony that BTU’s share price would decline along with other major commodity companies. We ended the year with a share price of $22.75, which reflected the company’s share price in May of 2005 when the company’s then-current- year EBITDA was $696 million compared to 2008’s EBITDA of $1.85 billion. The cause of the share price performance downdraft, of course, was the unprecedented economic woes that gripped the world beginning in the second half of 2008.
These economic storms plunged most developed nations around the world into recession and slowed the expansion of the strongest global performers such as China and India. This has reduced near-term coal demand, though coal is less impacted than many commodities due to its predominant use for electricity generation.
While the timing of the eventual economic recovery is unknown, the long- term demand profile for coal remains strong, with global coal use set to rise dramatically over the next quarter century. That creates opportunity for greater distinction among energy companies. After all, while a rising tide lifts all boats, choppier waters benefit the strongest ships.
In the near term, the weak energy markets are leading to significant under- investment in all extractive industries. This, in turn, will drive even greater volatility and a far sharper rebound when the ultimate recovery occurs.
Other long-term drivers of energy supply and demand have only taken a brief pause. Billions of people in emerging nations are still awakening to the benefits of modern energy use. The world’s largest oil fields are depleting. Major natural gas supplies come from unstable nations increasingly willing to use resources for political gain. Other high-profile energy forms are too small or too scarce to provide affordable energy at the scale needed to meet growing global needs.
Affordable energy forms the foundation of our fragile global economy. The current downturn reminds us that we need a diversity of fuels, each with strengths. Coal remains vital – essential – to fill the long-term gap between straining energy alternatives and increasing energy use.
Peabody Achieves Safest Year in Its 125-Year History
Peabody’s performance was a direct result of significant strategic actions we have taken in recent years to transform the portfolio and enhance the operating platform... We have reshaped Peabody through international expansion, operational initiatives in the Western United States and the spin-off of Eastern U.S. assets.
U.S. Incidents Per 200,000 Hours
         2.58 1.70
Peabody’s worldwide safety rate improved 30 percent in 2008 and the company’s U.S. operations set a record 1.70 safety rate. Peabody’s safety performance is far stronger than the industry average and other sectors.
Source: Peabody data; U.S. Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration 2007 data; Mine Safety and Health Administration 2007 data.
4.64
   4 Peabody Energy
2008 Annual Report 5
Peabody 2008 Peabody 2007 Utilities
Leisure & Hospitality
Coal Mining
Retail
Education & Health Services Construction Agriculture/Forestry/Fishing/Hunting Manufacturing
Transportation & Warehousing

               Highlights | Letter to Shareholders | Essential Investment | Essential Energy | Essential Future | Green Coal | Global Operations Financial Data | Management’s Discussion | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Notes | Board of Directors
  Peabody is an essential investment with strong staying power during difficult economic Global Coal Demand Grows Faster Than Any Other Fuel
times and significant long-term growth potential. We have taken multiple market-driven actions and are in a good position to thrive when global economies rebound.
Million Tonnes of Oil Equivalent
6,000 Coal Oil
Coal Grows 61% by 2030
     5,000 4,000
3,000 2,000
0
Natural Gas Nuclear Hydro Biomass Other
   Expanded Global Platform Delivers Growing and Diverse Earnings
International United States
2003
$422 Million EBITDA
And I am confident that coal will do so in a way that provides what we call the “Three Es” – energy security, economic stimulus and environmental progress.
Peabody continues to target energy and environmental policies that advance
all energy supplies and move toward a long-term goal of near-zero emissions.
We also work on multiple fronts to improve the public understanding of coal,
and have seen some very strong results. A recent poll shows that 72 percent
of U.S. opinion leaders support the use of coal for electricity generation. 1,000 In the same national poll, 69 percent view coal as a fuel of the future.
Coal has been the world’s fastest- growing fuel for each of the past five years, and coal use is expected to grow faster than any other fuel far into the future.
Source: International Energy Agency, World Energy Outlook 2008.
   2008
$1.85 Billion EBITDA
Peabody’s international earnings have grown from approximately
1 percent of EBITDA in 2003 to more than 50 percent in 2008 as total earnings have dramatically improved.
increase contributions from high-margin operations; and exercise tight our board for its wise counsel... our employees around the world who are
As do we.
In my view, Peabody is an essential investment with strong staying power during
difficult economic times and significant long-term growth potential. We have taken
multiple market-driven actions and are in a good position to thrive when global Our Board of Directors continues its best-practices approach to governance, economies rebound. and this past year led a successful recommendation to shareholders to determine
Regarding our key priorities for the new year, Peabody intends to: We ship eight tons of coal every second of every day to customers around the • Maintain our focus on strong cost control and productivity improvements; globe, and we will continue to work tirelessly for them. As always, we thank
We believe Peabody is uniquely positioned among our coal peers for success.
Compared with U.S.-based peers, for instance, we are serving long-term demand
growth in emerging nations. We are able to avoid the majority of geology, The management team was also strengthened this year with the naming of permitting and compliance issues that prevail in certain high-cost mining regions. Mike Crews as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We have solid balance sheet strength and liquidity. And we have the financial Mike is a longstanding Peabody manager with accounting, financial and wherewithal to be opportunistic in our investments. operations experience.
capital discipline;
• Evaluate opportunistic transactions in key growth markets amid distressed conditions; and pursue global operating, trading, infrastructure and joint venture opportunities; and
• Continue our leadership in clean coal solutions, advancing Btu Conversion
and low-carbon initiatives primarily through multi-company alliances. March 15, 2009
1980 1990
2006 2015
2020 2025 2030
 that directors will be elected on an annual basis through a phased declassified board process.
responsible for our many achievements... our customers who use our product in such beneficial ways... and of course you, our shareholder.
 6 Peabody Energy
2008 Annual Report 7
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
