Financial Highlights | Letter to Shareholders | Global Markets | U.S. Markets | Clean Coal Solutions | History & Operations Financial Data | Management’s Discussion | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Notes | Board of Directors
 LETTER To SHAREHoLdERS
  BTU Strongly Outperforms S&P 500
Total Shareholder Return
BTU S&P 500
840%
      64% 6%
231%
83% 28%
         1-Year
3-Year
5-Year
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory H. Boyce
BTU is dramatically outperforming the S& P 500 for near- and long- term periods, with total shareholder return increasing more than eight-fold over the past five years. Peabody is among the top 10 companies in CFO Magazine’s “value creators” list for S&P 500 companies.
The entire Peabody team takes satisfaction in delivering
an 840% total shareholder return in the
past five years
Dear Shareholder:
Following a very successful year, we begin 2008 at a time of extraordinary opportunity in the history of Peabody, coal and the global energy industry.
2008 is the 125th anniversary of Peabody, and it is an exceptional time to be the world’s largest coal company.
The world is short of energy, and coal has been the fastest-growing fuel in the world for each of the past five years.
New coal technologies are being developed to turn coal into transportation fuels and natural gas, and clean coal initiatives are advancing our goal of environmental improvement as we move toward near-zero emissions technologies.
Peabody is completing a global transformation of our business portfolio and operating platform. We are a world leader in clean coal solutions, and we intend to continue to build on our achievements from this past year.
So let’s look at The New BTU... and the strong base that we continue to build upon.
2 Peabody Energy
Celebrating 125 Years 3
2007 was a year of significant accomplishment for Peabody. Your company:
• Was recognized with the highest
U.S. honor for the safest large surface mine, and has posted our three safest years in Peabody’s history.
• Delivered a 64 percent total shareholder return, beating the S&P 500 return by nearly 12-fold in 2007.
• Was the world’s largest private-sector coal company for the 37th consecutive year, with the industry’s largest sales volumes and reserves.
• Set new company marks for sales volume, revenues and EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization).
• Completed three major new mines
in Australia, expanded global coal trading with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and China, and evaluated business opportunities through our offices in China and Mongolia.
• Concluded the spin-off of operations in West Virginia and Kentucky.
• Joined GreenGen, China’s centerpiece coal-fueled climate initiative, as the only non-Chinese company.
• Broke ground on the Prairie State Energy Campus, a clean coal generating plant in Southern Illinois that is the largest new coal plant to be developed in the United States in the past several decades.
• Ranked first among mining companies in Fortune’s Most Admired listing. We were also named to the Forbes Platinum List of Best Big Companies.
I am now in my fifth year at Peabody, and am proud to join the entire Peabody team in taking satisfaction in our share- holder performance during that time. We have delivered an 840 percent total shareholder return since 2002.
CFO Magazine recognized Peabody
as one of the top 10 performers in total shareholder return in the S&P 500 over five years, outperforming all coal peers. We also have far outperformed the
S&P 500 for each of the one-, three- and five-year periods, which is reflected in the chart at right.
Some would call our performance in 2007, along with our 125 years of leadership, a good run. I view it as a good start. Let’s take a look at the source of our optimism for continued strong performance.
We have long expected the global
coal markets to be extremely strong, and they are. We also expected that oil prices would continue to increase, U.S. natural gas supplies would decline, and liquefied natural gas would not come into the United States in sufficient quantities or prices to help alleviate our natural gas crisis.
We were also accurate in expecting that new nuclear plants would still be at least
a decade off... no new U.S. hydro plants would be added... renewables would
grow but from a small base. Still, no one, including us, expected the level of energy demand and prices that have created a global pull on coal supplies everywhere.
I believe we are entering a new era of convergence between energy and coal. This is driven by a number of factors: global energy demand as billions of people in the world awaken to the benefits of modern energy; depletion of large oil and gas reserves; limitations of alternative fuels coming from volatile regions; high prices or niche scale; and coal’s ability to fuel large-scale electricity generation, steel production and, increasingly, coal-to-gas and coal-to-liquids projects.
While port and rail expansions are under way, rising demand often renders these additions insufficient. As I write this, global benchmark coal pricing is continuing to set
new marks. Global coal stockpiles are at very low levels with generators increasingly concerned about supply in major hubs such as China, India, South Africa and Australia. Any minor supply disruptions are quickly reverberating around the globe. And more nations are keeping their coal at home to serve growing generation needs.
China last year added the equivalent of the entire United Kingdom power grid just in coal-fueled generation, while India plans to add 75,000 megawatts of coal-fueled generation over the next five years.
Coal demand for steel production also continues to grow rapidly.

Financial Highlights | Letter to Shareholders | Global Markets | U.S. Markets | Clean Coal Solutions | History & Operations Financial Data | Management’s Discussion | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Notes | Board of Directors
  4
Peabody Energy
Celebrating 125 Years 5
These same factors have been felt
in the United States both directly and indirectly. Coal is being used to satisfy growing generation in the United States, while other nations are turning to
U.S. coal to satisfy world needs. We believe net U.S. exports should more than triple just between 2006 and 2008.
Unprecedented coal demand, greater convergence of pricing between coal, oil and natural gas, and structural long-term increases in coal plants create a very favor- able future. This is not some perfect storm or rare event. Instead, I believe we have a bright future based upon a long period of sustained growth in worldwide coal use.
In the context of these global coal fundamentals, we are pursuing several core priority areas in 2008 to capitalize on these strong markets. Our primary focus comes in the area of execution, to ensure we are getting as much coal into these
tight markets as possible.
• We plan to improve productivity and
costs. We’re increasing our focus on efficiency improvements and debottle- necking activities at all operations, while aggressively managing commodity cost pressures.
• We will expand our access to high- growth, high-margin markets. Peabody has the most global exports of any U.S.-based company, and that position will grow further in 2008 from our Australian, U.S., and trading platforms.
• We plan to increase our capital efficiency, as we benefit from our strong invest- ment program of recent years.
• We are pursuing international develop- ment opportunities and evaluating projects in several countries to feed our growth pipeline.
• And we will advance multiple clean coal projects.
Let me expand on this, as I believe
that clean coal is essential to solving the world’s energy security concerns and advancing climate solutions.
Coal is the world’s most abundant fuel... and black, if you will, is the new green. Peabody advanced multiple clean coal projects in recent months, ranging from coal-to-gas plants with ConocoPhillips and GreatPoint Energy to near-zero emissions projects such as GreenGen.
Peabody is a global leader in clean coal solutions, and we believe it is essential
to aggressively develop efficient new coal-fueled generation, coal-to-gas
and coal-to-liquids plants, even as we commercialize breakthrough initiatives such as carbon capture and storage.
Leading this 125-year-young company and its unique growth platform are our experienced board of directors and the industry’s best management team,
who rely on an enduring mission and
 BTU Has Industry-Best Sales and Reserves
250
200
150
100
50
0
  Shenhua Energy
  Rio Tinto
Arch     BHP Anglo-American
China Coal Energy Consol
    Foundation
Alpha Natural Resources
Xstrata
Massey Yanzhou
    International Coal
               1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Reserves (Tons in Billions)
Source: Most recent company reports and websites, SEC filings and Peabody analysis. Values are on a short-ton basis. Peabody sales and reserves based on 2007 data.
 Peabody is the world’s largest private-sector coal company, with world record sales of 238 million tons and a 9.3 billion-ton reserve base. The energy value of our reserves exceeds the oil or gas reserves in the Continental United States.
principles at every level.
I was honored to add the position of
Chairman to my Chief Executive Officer responsibilities in October 2007, and I intend to lead the board in continued best practices for corporate governance.
Along those lines, at this year’s annual meeting, directors will ask shareholders
to determine whether all directors will
be elected on an annual basis through a phased declassified board proposal. We have seen growing shareholder interest
in the declassified board structure and believe it appropriate that our shareholders decide on this matter. We also adopted
a majority voting standard for election of directors, further enhancing our governance.
Peabody’s leadership is also strengthened this year by the appointment of Rick Navarre to the position of President and Chief Commercial Officer.
In his new role, Rick is primarily responsible for Peabody’s global sales and trading, business development and planning activities.
In closing, I’d like to thank Peabody’s team of employees around the world
for a safe and successful 2007. We look forward to beginning to benefit from growing volumes and pricing in 2008 even as we build from a larger base to satisfy a growing world with the primary sustainable fuel... clean coal.
That is our intention... that is our mission... and that is The New BTU.
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2008
Peabody’s Executive Team (from left) includes Richard A. Navarre, Gregory H. Boyce, Eric Ford; (standing from left) Sharon D. Fiehler, Fredrick D. Palmer, Alexander C. Schoch and Roger B. Walcott, Jr.
 Sales (Tons in Millions)
