 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder,
In 2014, Peabody Energy fueled growing energy demand around the globe and established new company marks for operational excellence as we worked through a challenging cyclical market downturn.
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 While we fully understand that these have been difficult times for the industry, where both coal and equity markets have suffered from low prices, Peabody remains fully committed to enhancing safety, expanding productivity, reducing costs and containing capital to respond to the prolonged market downturn and shape a stronger, more competitive company for the years ahead.
  
2014 Annual Report 03
 Peabody’s most notable 2014 accomplishments include:
• Our global safety incidence rate improved to a new record, driven by a 36 percent improvement in Australia;
• Increased productivity, with U.S. and Australian operations improving 7 percent and
20 percent, respectively;
• Delivered Adjusted EBITDA of $814 million, despite lower realized pricing of more than $550 million;
• Implemented aggressive cost containment efforts that
generated approximately $275 million in savings and resulted in our lowest U.S. and Australian operating costs per ton since 2010;
• Record shipment levels from Australia and the flagship North Antelope Rochelle Mine in the U.S. of 38.2 million tons and 118.1 million tons, respectively;
• Fully commissioned two new longwall systems in Australia;
• Completed the Moorvale Mine owner-operator conversion;
• Launched a 50-50 joint venture development between
Peabody’s Wambo Open-Cut Mine and Glencore’s United Mine in New South Wales to improve productivity, lower costs and extend mine life;
• Advanced a global coal advocacy campaign to elevate discussions around the use of today’s advanced coal technologies
to eliminate energy poverty, increase access to low-cost electricity and improve emissions;
• Implemented a comprehensive Global Repositioning Initiative designed to consolidate activities and lower annual overhead costs;
 ADVANCING CEO SUCCESSION
 Glenn L. Kellow
President and CEO-Elect
In January 2015 President and Chief Operating Officer Glenn L. Kellow was named President and CEO-Elect and will become Chief Executive Officer, effective May 2015. Glenn was also named to Peabody’s Board of Directors.
Glenn joined Peabody Energy in 2013
as president and chief operating officer. Since then Glenn’s experience and fresh perspective have been highly instrumental in shaping Peabody’s strategy and
delivering significant operational improvements. Glenn has nearly 30 years of global mining and energy sector experience gained in multiple countries and multiple commodities.
Over a 28-year career with BHP Billiton, he held leadership
posts on three continents, ultimately serving as president of its multinational aluminum and nickel business. He has held a number of executive, operating and financial positions in the coal, copper, base metals, steel and petroleum sectors in the United States, Australia and Chile.
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
• Recognition for safety, environmental and social responsibility with more than
10 major honors including the two most prestigious awards at the Platts Global Energy Awards.
While Peabody delivered on a number of key initiatives, these actions occurred against a highly challenging market backdrop.
2014 global coal fundamentals were weakened by strong seaborne coal supplies and slowing import demand. Reduced global economic growth forecasts led to
a broad commodity sell-off, which further weighed on coal dynamics.
In the U.S., strong coal consumption in early months was muted by significant coal conservation at certain utilities in the back half
of the year due to rail performance issues, mild weather and lower natural gas prices.
While early drivers for recovery in global markets have been delayed, we look forward to underlying catalysts driving improvement.
In seaborne metallurgical coal markets, the World Steel
Association projects a moderate rise in global steel use in 2015. Chinese metallurgical coal import demand is projected to stabilize, and strong seaborne demand from India is expected as the economy grows and infrastructure expands.
At the same time, modest supply growth in Australia is expected to be more than offset by reductions from the U.S. and Canada. As
a result, seaborne metallurgical coal demand growth is forecast to outpace supply increases
for the first time since 2011. Additional production cutbacks
 Employee Safety/Health Vision
Our vision is to operate safe
and healthy workplaces that are incident free. Safety is Peabody’s first value and integrated into all aspects of our business, and in 2015 the company recorded the best incidence rate in its 132-year history.
PEABODY NAMED ENERGY COMPANY OF THE YEAR AT 2014 PLATTS GLOBAL ENERGY AWARDS
Energy Company of the Year is the program’s
highest honor, recognizing excellence in leadership, innovation and performance. The 2014 competition prompted nearly 250 submissions from more than
35 countries across various industries. Peabody was selected for demonstrating best-in-class performance and advancing a progressive and adaptive strategic philosophy powered by a diverse global platform.
The panel of international judges also credited Peabody for
“its perseverance in a time when competitors are faltering and its powerful position as demand for coal continues to grow.”
Peabody Energy Chairman and CEO Gregory H. Boyce was also named CEO of the Year for his renowned thought leadership, dedication and integrity that has transformed Peabody and the industry for the better.
The judges credited Boyce as being “the driving force behind the best coal company in the industry – one that is surviving and thriving in a challenging market.”
   
are likely as current prices pressure high-cost operations, and over time, the sharp pullback in capital investment, declining production and increased
coal demand is expected to result in supply shortfalls.
In seaborne thermal markets, rising demand in India and Southeast Asia will likely more than compensate for tepid Chinese imports in 2015, and strong seaborne demand is expected
to continue as India works to provide widespread electricity throughout the country.
Turning to the U.S., Powder River Basin coal remains competitive with natural gas, and consumption from this basin is projected to remain largely stable this year despite an overall decline in U.S. coal
use and lower than expected natural gas prices.
Looking ahead, coal demand is expected to continue to increase.
Based on current global economic growth forecasts, annual coal demand is expected to rise
500 million tonnes over the
next three years, and Wood Mackenzie, a global energy forecasting firm, projects coal will overtake oil as the world’s largest energy source as early as 2018.
Developing nations continue to turn to coal to fuel low-cost electricity, and through 2017, approximately 225 gigawatts of new coal-fueled generation are expected to be built.
At the same time, growing Asian nations will demand more steel, driving a 10 to 15 percent increase in metallurgical coal imports.
Increased Productivity
In 2014, the North Antelope Rochelle Mine in Wyoming produced more coal than the entire state of West Virginia. It is the largest and most productive coal mine in the world.
2014 Annual Report 05
   IMPROVED COST
Australian costs improved 8 percent, and U.S. costs improved modestly, marking the lowest costs per ton since 2010. Additionally SG&A costs decreased 7 percent.
    
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
In the U.S., coal is projected to fuel 40 percent of electricity demand in 2017. Thermal coal consumption from the low-cost U.S. regions – the Southern Powder River and Illinois basins – is likely to increase 50 to 70 million tons over the
next three years as natural gas prices recover, demand from other regions is displaced and expected coal plant retirements are offset by higher plant utilization rates.
In fact, significant coal-fueled generation of 240 gigawatts is estimated to stay on line after 2017, and the remaining fleet is
An estimated 75 million people will be added to cities each year through 2020, and every day some 340,000 people gain access to electricity for the first time.
expected to run much harder with utilization rates of approximately 75 percent of capacity.
Longer term, the world is expected to need more energy to sustain growth for a new global middle class as populations migrate to urban centers and citizens embrace modern living. An estimated
75 million people will be added to cities each year through 2020, and every day some 340,000 people gain access to electricity for the first time. That means a much greater use of appliances, electronics, automobiles and other conveniences, which generate continued demand
for energy and steel.
  170%
90%
348
Increase in U.S. coal used for electricity generation since 1970
 Decline in key U.S. emissions rates since 1970
 Gigawatts of coal-fueled power that have come on line globally since 2010
 
Peabody is well positioned
to manage the current cycle and sculpt a stronger platform for long-term success.
These are clearly challenging times for the industry, and as the world’s largest private sector coal company, Peabody is not immune to the global market downturn.
In the past 15 years, the company has undergone several up-cycles following a down market. And during the down parts of the cycle, Peabody has always done what was necessary to carefully manage
headwinds and come out more competitively on the other side – the current cycle is no exception.
Since early 2012, Peabody has improved productivity by more than 54 percent in Australia and nearly 20 percent in the U.S. Significant cost reduction efforts have resulted in $530 million in savings over the past two years, and in Australia, costs have declined nearly 30 percent on increased longwall efficiencies and successful owner-operator conversions. Substantial cost reductions have been made
Since early 2012, Peabody has improved productivity by more than 54 percent in Australia and nearly 20 percent in the U.S.
to selling and administrative expenses, and the team is targeting further cost benefits through expanded supply chain efforts
and stands to benefit from lower Australian dollar and oil prices.
2014 Annual Report 07
  CLEAN COAL TECHNOLOGIES
Twenty-first century coal technologies are a major environmental success story that enable society to meet energy, economic and environmental goals while advancing toward the ultimate goal of making coal power virtually emissions-free.
Supercritical coal plants operate at high efficiencies that significantly reduce emissions on a per kilowatt hour basis. These plants achieve a carbon dioxide emissions rate that is as much as 25 percent lower than the oldest plants.
 25%
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
Compared to 2012 levels, annual capital expenditures have declined by approximately $800 million, and the company’s previous investments, relatively young
fleet of equipment and focus on capital efficiency, allow for low levels of spending for several more years. While a large pipeline of development projects have been postponed until markets warrant, Peabody is ensuring appropriate investment in safety and sustaining capital requirements.
In the near term, the company continues to build on core strengths and aggressive actions
to combat current markets, while preserving a leading position in the higher-growth, low-cost basins in the U.S., and serving the higher- growth Asian markets through the company’s Australian platform.
The company has several key priorities for 2015:
• Drive operational excellence with continuous improvement in safety, productivity, costs and sustainable mining practices;
• Exercise continued capital discipline and maintain adequate cash and liquidity;
• Build upon cost reductions and Australia’s competitive advantage with additional cost improvements at all levels of the organization;
• Enhance the quality of our assets through strategic portfolio management and position a pipeline of new projects for when market conditions improve; and
• Increase global understanding of coal mining and use by advancing awareness and advocacy around sustainable mining, energy access and clean coal solutions.
 700
Combating Global Energy Poverty
Greater access to electricity leads to improvements in life expectancy, educational attainment and income.
More than 700 million people in India lack access to modern energy services for lighting, cooking, water pumping and other productive services.
ENERGY NEEDS IN PERSPECTIVE:
In just one day...
• Global population will increase by 231,000
• China & India grow by more than 86,000 people
• 683,000 new internet users
• 203,000 new cars will be sold
• 21 million tonnes of coal will be used
Sources: Population Reference Bureau; United Nations World Urbanization Prospects 2014; InternetWorldStats.com; Statista; 2014 BP Statistical Review of World Energy.
 
2014 Annual Report 09
 Access to energy is a gateway to modern living, longer lives and powerful economies.
Energy is essential to a better, longer life, bringing improvements in health and longevity and economic growth. Yet today, half of the world’s population still lacks proper energy for basic needs including electric heat, lights, refrigerated food and medicine, and some four million people die each year as a direct result of energy poverty. Even in the most industrialized economies such
as the U.S., low-income families
struggle with the high cost of energy, forcing them to choose between putting food on the table and paying energy bills.
At Peabody, it is our mission to create superior value for shareholders as the leading global supplier of coal, which enables economic prosperity and a better quality of life.
Our Advanced Energy for Life campaign aims to highlight the desperate need for low-cost energy, and recognize the critical role technology-led solutions
Even in the most industrialized economies such as the U.S., low- income families struggle with the high cost of energy, forcing them to choose between putting food on the table and paying energy bills.
must play in meeting the world’s shared energy, economic
and environmental goals.
     16,000 14,000
12,000 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
120,000 110,000 100,000
90,000 80,000 70,000 60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000
ADVANCED ENERGY
FOR LIFE
A global campaign aimed at building awareness and support to eliminate energy poverty, increase access to low-cost electricity and improve emissions through advanced clean coal technologies.
The Power of a Connected World
There is a near perfect correlation between expanding coal use and growing economies. Since 1970, global coal- fueled electricity has increased more than 350 percent with a similar increase in world GDP.
 Growth in
Affordable Coal Power
  Correlates with Economic Growth
 Global Electricity from Coal
World GDP
 1970
1990 2010 2030
Sources: Developed from International Energy Agency, World Energy Outlook, 2002 & 2013; U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service, International Macroeconomic Data Set, 2014.
World GDP (billions of 2010 $US)
Electricity from Coal (TWh)

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
Over the past several decades,
an entire suite of advanced technologies has been developed to reduce key emissions. These efficient controls are used in coal plants across the U.S. and globally and have transformed coal into
a major environmental success story. Broader deployment of these advanced controls will ensure continued emissions reductions, and investment in research and development of next-generation coal technologies will further this progress.
The right approach, the right fuels and the right policies
Coal fuels more than 30 percent of global energy and has been the world’s fastest growing major fuel for more than a decade.
are essential to improving the environment, while keeping energy available and low cost.
Coal fuels more than 30 percent of global energy and has been the world’s fastest growing major fuel for more than a decade.
The question is not whether the world will use more coal, but how it can use more coal, more cleanly.
Peabody is guided by highly responsible corporate governance and a strategic vision that extends beyond the short-term horizon. Our team demonstrates exceptional strength and agility in the face
of significant market headwinds. With that, I would like to express my appreciation to the Board for its valued counsel, and I would like to thank director Alan Washkowitz for nearly 17 years of outstanding leadership and dedication to the advancement of our organization.
  500
13:1
One new 500 MW coal-fueled power plant comes on line every three days
 For every one person who gained access to electricity from renewables like wind and solar, 13 gained access from coal in the past 20 years
    
 Recently, the Board named Glenn L. Kellow President and CEO-Elect as part of an extensive succession planning process that has been underway for several years. Glenn has been a driving force behind
a number of our operational achievements in 2014, and we look forward to continuing to work together on the CEO transition with an overarching commitment to create superior long-term value.
As I reflect on my tenure as
CEO, I am struck by Peabody’s exceptional transformation into
a powerful and diverse, global company broadly recognized for its
The question is not whether the world will use more coal, but how it can use more coal, more cleanly.
leadership in sustainable
mining, energy access and clean coal solutions. I am honored
to have helped drive these successes and led the tremendous team behind them, and I look forward to continuing to help shape the company’s direction
as Executive Chairman.
I firmly believe in the fundamentals that drive our business and that there is no greater company in
the industry to further efforts
to expand access to low-cost electricity, power economies and pull billions out of energy poverty. To our shareholders, I thank you for your continued support, and we look forward to many brighter years ahead.
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2015
2014 Annual Report 11
  Peabody’s executive leadership team includes (from left) Alex Schoch, Bryan Galli, Jeane Hull, Kemal Williamson, Greg Boyce, Glenn Kellow, Mike Crews, Charles Meintjes, Andy Slentz and Chris Hagedorn.
  