  Glenn Kellow President and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder,
Peabody’s 2018 performance marked a year of considerable success amid
some notable challenges. Your company drove strong company-wide Adjusted EBITDA margins, generated Free Cash Flow of more than $1.3 billion, completed a highly attractive acquisition and returned the majority of
our Free Cash Flow to shareholders.
02 2018 Annual Report

As we begin 2019, we do so against a backdrop of positive seaborne conditions, a healthy balance sheet and expectations of continued strong operating cash flows.
2018 Achievements
• In 2018, Peabody earned $645.7 million in income from continuing operations, net of income taxes, on Adjusted EBITDA of $1.39 billion and revenue of $5.58 billion.
• Adjusted EBITDA margins totaled approximately 25 percent, well above the average for the U.S. S&P MidCap 400 index.
• Free Cash Flow totaled $1.36 billion for the full year, and the company reduced total liabilities by $553 million.
• Peabody initiated a quarterly dividend in 2018 and increased the per-share payout twice as the year progressed. In addition, the company expanded its share buyback program with approximately $835 million of common stock repurchased in 2018.
• Peabody completed what we believe to be a highly accretive acquisition of the Shoal Creek hard-coking coal mine.
• Peabody was added to the prestigious Fortune 500 in Spring 2018.
• The global safety incidence rate of
1.45 accidents per 200,000 hours worked marked the fifth successive year below the 1.5 mark and was 22 percent better than the level of 2013.
• Peabody believes land restoration is an essential part of the mining process, and our reclamation activities resulted in 1.4 acres reclaimed for each acre disturbed in 2018.
 2018 PEABODY HIGHLIGHTS
~25%
Average Adjusted EBITDA margins
$1.36B
Free Cash Flow for the full year
$553M Reduced total liabilities
            22001818AAnnnuuaal lRReeppoorrtt 03

   • As an advocate for responsible coal use, Peabody partnered with Arq, a technology- led innovation company, to advance a process to convert coal ‘fines’ into an energy source that can be blended directly with oil products. This partnership represents an opportunity for Peabody to simultaneously improve costs and efficiencies by increasing coal recovery, reducing the company’s environmental footprint and expanding the markets for coal.
• Peabody was part of the consortium that successfully advocated for the 45Q tax credit in the U.S., as pivotal legislation to support global environmental goals.
• The company was honored with a number of notable awards including the Sentinels of Safety Award from the National Mining Association for the Kayenta Mine Prep Plant in Arizona; three of four U.S. Office of Surface Mining reclamation awards for the Bear Run and Wild Boar mines in Indiana and the former Big Sky Mine in Montana; and the 2018 National Reclamation Award in the coal category from the Interstate Mining Compact Commission for the
Wild Boar Mine.
• For the third consecutive year, Peabody
was named most responsible global
mining company by Capital Finance International for the company’s excellence in environmental, social and governance (ESG) standards and performance. Peabody was also named “Employer of the Year – Energy & Natural Resources” for 2018 by Corporate LiveWire.
Whilst we can be proud of our many accomplishments in 2018, we recognize
that the fire at our North Goonyella Mine represented a major incident for Peabody. The team will work hard to resume operations as 2019 progresses, and we have also committed to sharing learnings from the event.
We also recognize that, despite our many actions to create shareholder value, total shareholder return declined 22 percent in 2018. This performance blunted a very positive total shareholder return of 40 percent, as measured from the company’s relisting in April 2017 through December 2018.
While it is convenient to point to the majority of coal and other resource producers experiencing declines in 2018, we understand you have choices for your investments, and we intend to work even harder this year to deliver. We believe we are on the right path with our strategies as well as the scale and diversity of our portfolio of assets and operations.
Industry Conditions
Underlying seaborne thermal and metallurgical coal conditions remained quite positive in 2018 on continued tightness in supply-demand dynamics.
Within seaborne thermal, coal prices held at healthy levels. Despite import restrictions, Chinese thermal coal imports rose as domestic supply was outpaced by robust power consumption that reached the highest level since 2011. In addition, India seaborne thermal demand rose 18 percent despite increased domestic coal production, and Southeast
04 2018 Annual Report

       “We enter
2019 prepared for
the opportunities and
challenges ahead of us...
we are the leading global
pure-play coal company...we
play a vital role in an essential industry...and we have the assets, people and strategies that set us apart.”
2018 Annual Report 05

     Asian nations expanded imports by nearly 20 million tonnes to support
ongoing urbanization.
On the supply-side, lower-quality Indonesian exports rose significantly in 2018 over
the prior year, primarily in response to increased demand from China and India. Both Australian and U.S. thermal coal exports grew year over year, up 4 percent and
34 percent, respectively.
Globally, coal-fueled power plants continue
to be built, with approximately 56 gigawatts
of new capacity added in 2018, and some
60 gigawatts of additional capacity expected to come online in 2019. A notable consulting group advises that global coal-fueled generating capacity exceeded 2,000 gigawatts in 2018 – for the first time ever – representing an astounding 62 percent growth since 2000. It’s noteworthy that every gigawatt of coal- fueled generating capacity can use some
3 million tons of coal per year.
Turning to seaborne metallurgical coal, strong demand continued to support pricing, particularly from India and Southeast
Asian nations. In fact, India is expected to
become the second largest metallurgical coal importer behind China in 2019. Even with continued strength in pricing, supply growth remains muted.
In U.S. thermal, coal plant inventories
reached their lowest level since 2005, aided by increased U.S. thermal coal exports and favorable weather conditions that resulted in higher natural gas prices late in 2018. Elevated seaborne pricing levels are expected to remain in 2019 and continue to drive higher U.S. coal exports. While 2018 was a substantial year of coal plant retirements – with some 40 million tons of demand being retired – the pace of retirements is expected to significantly ease
in 2019.
Approximately two-thirds of Peabody’s U.S. shipments served plants in regions where
at least 40 percent of their electricity was fueled by coal in 2018 – and 95 percent served plants in regions where at least 30 percent of electricity was coal-fueled.
Financial Approach
For some time now, Peabody has been executing on our stated financial approach
06 2018 Annual Report

  of generating cash, maintaining financial strength, investing wisely and returning cash to shareholders. Peabody diligently continues this approach. We generated over $1.3 billion in Free Cash Flow in 2018, with 94 percent used for share repurchases, dividends and the attractive Shoal Creek acquisition. For the full year, we benefited from some $300 million of cash tax savings as a result of our substantial NOL positions in both the U.S. and Australia.
We remained focused on maintaining financial strength, ending the year with $1.32 billion of available liquidity. We are holding our debt and liquidity targets, while recognizing our current liquidity is above our target of $800 million.
Looking at our capital allocation, we continue to evaluate all internal and external investments through a strict set of filters with an emphasis on returning cash to shareholders. The majority of our capital expenditures this past year were directed toward our seaborne business, and
we expect this trend to continue in 2019, as we further evolve toward an emphasis on higher- demand, higher-margin products.
From mid-2017 through January 2019, we have returned $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders
 2018 PEABODY HIGHLIGHTS
$835M
Common Stock Repurchased
$60M Dividends paid
2.5M
Tons of annual seaborne hard-coking coal capacity from Shoal Creek acquisition
            22001818AAnnnuuaal lRReeppoorrtt 07
 
   through an upsized repurchase program and quarterly dividends and remain committed to returning cash to shareholders this year. In January 2019, we completed $75 million of repurchases and paid another quarterly dividend in March. In recognition of our strong cash flow generating ability, we also announced a supplemental dividend of $1.85 per share, or approximately $200 million in aggregate, in February 2019.
2019 Priorities
In 2019, we remain focused on enhancing shareholder value – and continue to sculpt our portfolio to do so. Key priorities for 2019 include:
• Integrating the high-margin Shoal Creek Mine into our seaborne metallurgical coal operations. This year, the mine is expected to ship approximately 2.5 million tons of high-quality, hard-coking coal to Asian and Atlantic steel customers;
• Accelerating a safe return to operations at North Goonyella. We are executing a multi- phased re-ventilation and re-entry plan with a base case that targets limited continuous- miner volume in late 2019 and resumption of longwall activity in early 2020;
• Pursuing mine extension projects in the seaborne thermal coal segment to maintain
•
•
export thermal coal volumes at the Wambo and Wilpinjong mines;
Emphasizing our lowest-cost, highest- margin U.S. thermal operations to maximize cash generation; and
Enabling continued ongoing commitment to significant shareholder returns as evidenced by our recent supplemental cash dividend.
08 2018 Annual Report
ESG Approach
We recognize that the long-term success of our company goes beyond the income statement and balance sheet. As such, we incorporate ESG in all areas as a means to create a better, more sustainable business.
Our approach is focused on a host of factors including land restoration, responsible coal mining and use, safety, advocacy for advanced coal technologies, societal benefit and sound corporate governance. It’s what we colloquially call “Coal Done Right.” Our board of directors has ultimate oversight of these activities and works to ensure that our practices and policies promote the best interest of the enterprise.
On the topic of good governance, I am pleased to welcome our newest director Andrea Bertone, former President of Duke Energy International. Andrea is an accomplished leader and will be a valuable addition to an already strong board.
  
    Path Forward
We enter 2019 prepared for the opportunities and challenges ahead of us...we are the leading global pure-play coal company...we play a vital role in an essential industry...and we have the assets, people and strategies that set us apart as the year proceeds.
The heart of our mission is to create superior value for shareholders, and we thank you for your ongoing support as we work to generate cash, maintain financial strength, invest wisely and provide tangible returns to you,
our shareholders.
Glenn Kellow
President and Chief Executive Officer
Peabody’s Executive Leadership Team (standing, from left):
Amy Schwetz, Glenn Kellow,
A. Verona Dorch, Charles Meintjes, (seated, from left)
George J. Schuller Jr., Paul Richard and Kemal Williamson
   