Energizing the World | Financial Highlights | BTU Appreciation | Shareholder Letter | Right Company | Right Investment | Right Vision | Global Operations | Financial Data | Management’s Analysis | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Board of Directors | Shareholder Information
 02 PEaBOdY ENErgY 2010 aNNUal rEPOrT
PEaBOdY ENErgY 2010 aNNUal rEPOrT 03
energIZIng
 THe WOrLD
Peabody’s Global Growth Platform Creates Exceptional Value
In Millions, Except Diluted Earnings Per Share from 2010 Continuing Operations
Revenues $6,860.0
2003 Improvement
$2,187.7 214% $234.4 466% $422.0 330%
$97.2 728% $2,279.3 659% 180 37%
1
EBITDA is defined
as income from continuing operations before deducting net interest expense, early debt extinguishment charges, income taxes, noncontrolling interests, asset retirement obligation expense, and depletion, depreciation and amortization.
  Peabody Energy is the only global pure-play coal investment and a global leader in clean coal solutions. The company achieved the second-best earnings in our history this past year and added more than $5 billion in shareholder value.
Operating Profit
EBITDA (1)
Income from Continuing Operations Market Capitalization
Tons Sold
$1,325.7 $1,815.1 $805.1 $17,289.7 246
  Dear Shareholder:
Peabody is BTU... the power of energy and the power of a global pure-play coal investment. Peabody serves customers in 25-plus nations on six continents and
is expanding in global markets offering the greatest opportunities for sustained growth.
Our results this past year were outstanding and rival our record year.
Our 2010 accomplishments are particularly notable in a year when the world continued to recover from the global financial crisis. In 2010, BTU:
• Achieved a new global safety record and operated the safest large U.S. surface mine;
• Delivered record revenues of $6.9 billion, driven by higher volumes and favorable pricing;
• Increased EBITDA 41 percent to $1.82 billion, the second best in our history;
• Generated $1.1 billion in cash flows from opera- tions, driving our cash balance to $1.3 billion while increasing our dividend by 21 percent;
• Marked a 42 percent increase in share price, more than three times that of the S&P 500;
• Advanced global growth projects in Australia and joint ventures in China, Mongolia and Indonesia; • Announced major clean coal and Btu Conversion
initiatives in the United States, Australia and Asia,
including projects in Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang; • Ranked among the BusinessWeek 50 list of best
large U.S. companies and achieved Coaltrans honors as the world’s leading coal company, recognizing three decades of leadership; and
• Earned 30 safety, environmental and corporate honors, including major awards for directing Mongolia’s first coal mine restoration project.
Best Positioned for the Coal Supercycle
The world is expected to use one ton of coal for every man, woman and child this year. Our energy needs will continue to grow as hundreds of millions of people improve their standard of living, migrating from rural areas to urban regions with digital lifestyles.
Coal is the world’s fastest-growing fuel, the dominant global energy source and the sustainable solution
for growing needs.
During the next decade, global generation capacity and steel production are expected to grow some
50 percent, driven by China, India and developing Asia.
Peabody has accelerated global growth in recent years, generating exceptional financial results over the long term. The company’s robust international reach differentiates us among peers. We are the industry bellwether and the only global pure-play coal investment.
  peabody’s performance
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory H. Boyce
Peabody ranks number one compared to U.S. peers in key benchmark areas, including volumes, net income, market capitalization and exports.
#1 TonsSold Fuels10%ofU.S.Generation and 2% of World’s Power
#1 Net Income
#1 Market Capitalization
#1 Reserves
#1 Powder River & Illinois Basins
#1 Exports
#1 Credit Rating
Greater than the Next Eight Largest U.S. Peers Combined
Nearly One-Third of U.S. Coal Market Cap
9 Billion Tons, More
than Oil Reserves in the Continental United States
Largest Producer in Fastest- Growing U.S. Regions
Global Operations Serve Customers on Six Continents
Rated the Highest of U.S. Peers
Leads peers
Source: Tons sold, net income, market capitalization, reserves and credit rating based on latest available public data. Comparison based on public U.S. coal peers.

Energizing the World | Financial Highlights | BTU Appreciation | Shareholder Letter | Right Company | Right Investment | Right Vision | Global Operations | Financial Data | Management’s Analysis | Management’s Report | Financial Statements | Board of Directors | Shareholder Information
 04 PEaBOdY ENErgY 2010 aNNUal rEPOrT
PEaBOdY ENErgY 2010 aNNUal rEPOrT 05
  Enormous energy needs around the world point to the early stages of a long-lived supercycle that will result in sustained coal demand growth.
Only 10 years ago, China’s energy demand was half that of the United States. Today China is the world’s largest energy user. It is projected to add new generation over the next 15 years equal to the current capacity of the United States.
As China continues a brisk economic climb, its new power plants and steel mills will need several hundred million tons of additional coal each year.
India, too, is rising. Already, the nation has the 12th-largest consumer market driven by the world’s largest middle class. Demand for coal imports in India
is expected to climb as much as 200 million tons by 2015. Yet even with robust economic growth, it will take China and India decades to match the level of per capita gross domestic product of mature economies.
For both nations to achieve the same per capita electricity use as the European Union, for instance, they would need the equivalent of 7 billion tons of coal each year, approximately the world’s current use.
Enormous energy needs around the world point to the early stages of what I call a long-lived supercycle that will result in sustained coal demand growth. Peabody ideally is positioned to benefit through our strong global platform and many growth initiatives.
Sustained Long-Term Growth Platform
As we look to 2011, Peabody will use our position in the fastest-growing markets to target the following key areas:
• Capturing value from upward coal price movements with our significant open sales position;
• Expanding six major Australian metallurgical and thermal export mines;
• Advancing emerging growth projects and commercial transactions in China, Mongolia, Indonesia and India;
(From left) Peabody’s senior executive team includes Eric Ford, Mike Crews, Rick Navarre, Greg Boyce, Sharon Fiehler, Vic Svec, Fred Palmer and Alex Schoch.
  (Left) Chinese President Hu Jintao met with Peabody Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Greg Boyce during
a state visit to the United States. Peabody announced major energy projects in Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia during President Hu’s historic tour in January 2011.
• Leveraging Peabody’s leadership in the three primary growth avenues for the United States: the Powder River Basin, Illinois Basin and U.S. exports; and
• Maintaining our intensity for excellence in our core areas of safety, operations, portfolio management, trading and brokerage, and social responsibility.
Focus on Governance and Social Responsibility
Peabody is advancing a robust plan to expand energy access, strengthen economic growth and drive environ- mental improvement – our 3E goals – through broad deployment of green coal technologies. We call it the Peabody Plan, and it offers practical energy solutions while benefiting people everywhere.
Our role is to bring energy to market safely, reliably and responsibly. Peabody continues to earn a reputation as a highly admired corporate citizen.
This past year we also strengthened corporate gover- nance by appointing a fifth Board standing committee for Health, Safety and the Environment, reinforcing the strong leadership practices we have in place.
As always, I thank our Board of Directors for its support, and I applaud our 7,200 employees around the world who are tireless in their efforts to deliver energy solutions and shareholder value. I am honored to lead a world-class organization that is energizing the world... one Btu at a time.
Gregory H. Boyce
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2011
