Letter to shareholders
Becoming a stronger
  company.
To our shareholders:
2018 was another step forward in our company’s transformational journey. We had many successes to celebrate, though the year was not without its challenges. Our focus this year was to continue
to drive the organic growth of our business while deleveraging towards our optimal capital structure.
Today we are a stronger, more diversified company applying our learnings across our global business. While there is more work to be done, we are confident in our strategy and plans to grow our business by creating value from seed to sip and delivering sustainable top and bottom line growth in 2019 and beyond.
   2
 
Reflecting on our performance
#1
global brands were our #1 growth engine in 2018
Launched our 2025 Sustainability Goals, our most ambitious set of sustainability commitments yet, focused on smart agriculture, water stewardship, circular packaging and climate action.
The following aspects of the year held us back:
Top and bottom line performances were below our expectations in Argentina, Brazil and South Africa, largely as a result of a weak macroeconomic environment putting pressure on the consumer in all three markets. Additionally, in South Africa we were adversely affected by out of stocks, unexpected tax increases and segment mix shift.
Unfavorable currency volatility in emerging markets impacted our cash flows and slowed our anticipated deleveraging path. As a result, we proactively rebased our dividend payout by 50% in October to accelerate deleveraging in line with our capital allocation priorities.
Headwinds to our cost base, especially with respect to aluminum globally and the freight market in the US.
We have always said that we are never completely satisfied with our results, and 2018 is no exception. We will build upon the learnings of this year to ensure we continue opening and closing gaps to create sustainable, long-term, profitable growth.
Evolving our commercial strategy
We made significant progress in 2018 executing on many intellectual synergies from the combination with SAB. These intellectual synergies are anchored around three interlocking strategic frameworks: the market maturity model, the category expansion framework and growth champions.
Our market maturity model allows us to group markets into clusters based on maturity level, enabling us to develop our portfolio to meet the needs of a range of markets around the world as they mature and evolve.
Our category expansion framework helps us find opportunities for growth. It allows us to address consumer preferences across occasions, share best practices and adopt a new way of looking at the category that recognizes different market maturities and the role of brand portfolios in each of our markets.
Our business delivered consistent top-line growth with margin expansion and EBITDA acceleration throughout the year. Revenue growth of 4.8% was driven by own beer volume growth of 0.8% (total volume up 0.3%) as well as continued premiumization and revenue management initiatives. Revenue per hl growth on a constant geographic basis was 4.7%,
of which we estimate more than 100 bps was driven by positive mix in line with our premiumization strategy. EBITDA grew 7.9% on a full year basis with margin expansion of 118 bps to 40.4%, with consistent acceleration each quarter
in line with our guidance. However, we faced challenging macroeconomic environments in many emerging markets, especially Brazil, Argentina and South Africa, and unfavorable currency volatility has slowed our deleveraging pace.
Highlights from the year include:
Healthy volume, revenue and market share growth in important markets including Mexico, China, Western Europe, Colombia and several African countries including Nigeria. Each of these markets delivered strong performances in their respective premium portfolios while simultaneously evolving their core portfolios in line with the category expansion framework.
In the US, achieving our best market share trend performance since 2012. This was driven by the evolution of our commercial strategy, led by premiumization and innovation.
Continued global growth of our High End Company (revenue up 18.3%) and global brand portfolio (revenue up 9.0% globally and 13.1% outside of the brands’ home markets). The brands within the High End Company command a premium and contribute higher margins to our overall results.
ZX Ventures, our growth and innovation group, delivered robust revenue and EBITDA growth in the year with strong commercial momentum. In craft and specialties, our portfolio of brands grew well ahead of the total company and broader industry with double digit revenue growth. Our eCommerce and brand experience platforms also each grew revenue double digits, and our share online is now greater than our share in traditional channels. Our ZX Ventures platforms allow us to engage with consumers more than ever before and we are using this consumer proximity to drive more meaningful interactions and solutions.
Budweiser was the most “talked about” brand on digital
and social media during the 2018 FIFA World Cup RussiaTM, with an estimated five billion social media impressions. It was the biggest commercial campaign in our company’s history, with activations across more than 50 markets and 565 000 points-of-consumption. We were successful in building brand awareness in many of our new markets and are using this awareness to propel the brand toward future growth. We further maximized this sponsorship by activating more than 40 of our local brands in more than 40 markets.
Delivering profitable growth, with EBITDA margin expansion of 118 bps to 40.4%, driven by premiumization, cost discipline and continued synergy capture. We achieved further synergies from the combination with SAB, with 805 million USD in 2018 and over 2.9 billion USD captured to date out
of our commitment to deliver 3.2 billion USD by the end of 2019.
AB InBev annual report 2018
              3
 
Letter to shareholders
Finally, our growth champions approach is used to identify the right time to expand our portfolios and commercial practices in the most efficient and impactful manner. This process is modeled after one of our most successful systems, efficiency champions, and allows us to benchmark our strategy to open gaps, execute on them deliberately and track performance to deliver increasing efficiencies.
We believe these frameworks position us well to find opportunities and address consumer needs. We utilize them to offer the best beer at price points ranging from affordable to premium, and to continually innovate with the best pipeline of new products and offerings.
Leading the growth of the global beer category
As the world’s leading brewer, we take responsibility for shaping the future of the beer category, its health and sustainable growth globally. Our category has grown over the past 10 years, both in terms of volume (+1.0%) and value (+3.7%). Our estimated share of throat as a company has increased within total beer by 60 bps and within total alcohol by 10 bps over the past five years.
Premiumization: We see a significant opportunity for premiumization around the world and we have the best portfolio to lead this trend. Compared to wine and spirits, beer is in its early stages of premiumization globally, providing us
with the opportunity to capture beer’s fair share. For instance, Corona currently has a market share of 3% or higher in just three countries where we own the brand. With the brand growing double digits globally, we believe it is still far from reaching its full potential and see an opportunity for further growth. We expect the premium segment to grow about five times faster than core and value in the years to come. Our High End Company is well positioned to capitalize on this trend and deliver high growth and profitability.
Differentiate & extend the core: Our portfolio of core brands is focused on sharpening brand positions to create meaningful emotional and functional differentiation by celebrating the authenticity of our brands along with beer’s natural ingredients and its simplicity.
Emerging markets and affordability: We also see a clear opportunity for volume growth in emerging markets, where per capita consumption volumes are considerably lower than those of developed markets. We believe we are uniquely positioned to lead that growth in a responsible manner, given our diverse portfolio of brands tailored to a variety of consumer price points and occasions.
Category expansion is enhanced in our low- and middle- maturity markets through affordability initiatives, as it is crucial to have a portfolio of affordable options to engage our consumers at accessible price points. Two prime examples in 2018 were the launches of Nossa and Magnífica in Brazil—beers brewed with local cassava and offered to consumers at a considerably lower price point while providing comparable margins to our core brands. This affordability initiative was a best practice in some
of our African markets and showcases how we are leveraging intellectual synergies across different markets.
Portfolio enhancing: Lastly, by mapping our portfolio of brands within each market, we are identifying opportunities to introduce existing brands into new markets. Examples of this practice include Argentina’s Patagonia in certain regions of the US, Australia’s Pure Blonde by Jupiler in Belgium and the US’ Michelob Ultra in the UK.
Leveraging our global brands
Our global brands continued to deliver great results, representing more than one third of our total net revenue growth. For the full year, our global brands grew revenue by 9.0% globally and 13.1% outside of their home markets.
Budweiser revenue grew 5.3% globally and 10.0% outside of the US, driven by continued expansion into new geographies as well as our activation during the 2018 FIFA World Cup RussiaTM, which was our largest and most successful campaign ever. Stella Artois continued to see strong, balanced growth, up 5.2% globally, driven by its increased penetration of the meal occasion. Corona leads the way as the most premium brand amongst the three, growing double digits for the fourth consecutive year, with revenue up 17.6% globally and 28.5% outside of Mexico.
We believe in offering a customized portfolio of brands to lead the premium segment in order to reach more consumers in different occasions. Our complementary global brands give consumers premium options defined by occasion, taste profile and price point.
Innovating to share our passion for beer
As a consumer-centric company, we are relentlessly committed to exploring new products and opportunities to excite consumers around the world. We have a robust innovation pipeline, including the launch of Corona Ligera in Australia, Stella Artois Gluten Free in the UK and Michelob Ultra Pure Gold (organic light lager) in the US.
Our no- and low-alcohol beer (NABLAB) portfolio continues
to cultivate new opportunities in many of our markets by addressing the growing consumer trends of moderation and health and wellness. With these trends becoming ever more important to consumers around the world, we are committed
to leading innovation in this space. For example, we have successfully launched brands such as Castle Free in South Africa, Carlton Zero in Australia, Aguila Cero in Colombia and, most recently, Leffe Blonde 0.0% in Belgium.
Leveraging technology to better engage with consumers
Our focus on technology and innovation goes beyond what consumers see every day. ZX Ventures is continuing to find new ways to respond to consumer trends through eCommerce, craft and brand experiences, and today represents more than 10% of our total growth.
Beer Garage, our home for innovation, emerging technology and enterprise technology, is utilizing enterprise-level technology to transform our supply chain and bring us closer
4
 
 to consumers with initiatives such as using Point of Sale (PoS) technology to gather consumer insights from around the world. Our Global Innovation and Technology Center (GITeC) is focused on enhancing our brewing processes, as well as product and package development. One example is Canvas, a sustainable plant-based barley beverage produced with saved grain from our brewing process.
Organizing ourselves for future growth
In July, we created two new senior leadership positions to capture organic growth opportunities within our existing business. Our Chief Non-Alcohol Beverages Officer is focusing on accelerating growth in our existing non-alcohol business, which represents more than 10% of our current volumes. Our Chief Owned-Retail Officer will manage and grow our existing owned-retail business by coordinating cross-marketing initiatives and sharing best practices.
To continue our focus on staying ahead of market and consumer trends, we brought Marketing and ZX Ventures under a common global lead, our Chief Marketing Officer. This change will allow us to adopt ZX Ventures’ innovative approach more broadly within our company.
Contributing to a sustainable future
In March 2018, we launched our ambitious 2025 Sustainability Goals, which will help us brew great beers for the next 100 years and beyond. We have already begun to create change—every Budweiser sold in the US is now brewed with 100% renewable purchased electricity, with plans to roll out to other markets around the world. 2018 also marked the launch of our 100+ Accelerator, which mobilizes the world’s brightest minds to solve some of the most pressing global sustainability challenges.
Fostering a culture of Smart Drinking
We are committed to responsible drinking and road safety.
Our programs include our six city pilots to create innovative evidence-based programs to reduce the harmful use of alcohol and a global internal competition to help promote Smart Drinking messaging through commercial communications using social norms marketing. Additionally, as part of our commitment to reach 20% of our volumes from NABLAB by 2025, we continue to expand our portfolio with high quality options. In 2018, we expanded our NABLAB portfolio to 76 offerings by
successfully adding 12 new products, reaching approximately 8% of our global beer volume within this segment. We also continued our ongoing efforts to address road safety with our Together for Safer Roads coalition and a new partnership with the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) to help improve road safety worldwide.
Deleveraging to our optimal capital structure
About two years ago, we completed a transformational combination with SAB. We believe the total company is greater and stronger than the sum of its parts, and we remain disciplined and focused on deleveraging to our optimal capital structure
of around 2x net debt to EBITDA. We expect our net debt to EBITDA ratio to be below 4x by the end of 2020.
Our debt portfolio and liquidity position provide our business with operating and financial flexibility. We have addressed large near-term maturities to eliminate refinancing needs and will continue to proactively manage our debt portfolio. Our debt portfolio is comprised of a diverse currency mix that provides access to liquid debt markets, and 94% of the portfolio holds a fixed-interest rate. Additionally, our 16 billion USD of liquidity far exceeds our debt maturities in any given year.
Considering this year’s currency volatility and consistent with our capital allocation priorities, in October we proactively rebased our dividend payout by 50% to accelerate deleveraging. In doing so, we continue to prioritize investments in organic growth opportunities and create greater financial flexibility.
Achieving results together
Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support, as we remain focused on delivering solid organic growth while deleveraging toward our optimal capital structure. We are a company of owners who take results personally, and we are never completely satisfied with our results, including in 2018.
As we begin 2019, we firmly believe that with our commercial strategy, robust portfolio of brands, diverse geographic footprint, unparalleled efficiency and, most importantly, our strong pipeline of committed and talented people, we can deliver on these objectives now and in the future.
The Budweiser campaign for the 2018 FIFA World Cup RussiaTM was our largest and most successful campaign ever.
AB InBev annual report 2018
   Carlos Brito
Chief Executive Officer
Olivier Goudet
Chairman of the Board
5
 