Letter to Shareholders
The coming together of Interbrew and AmBev to create InBev was an unprece- dented event in the brewing industry, as well as the single-most significant event
in the history of our company. Completed on August 27th, the combination brought together the world’s third-largest brewer and the world’s fifth-largest brewer. Interbrew, with sales in over 140 countries, had a ten-year track record of delivering one of the best compounded EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Taxes Deprecia- tion and Amortization) growths in the industry, while AmBev had been one of the most profitable, with a 68.1% share of the Brazilian market at the end of 2004, and leadership positions in both beer
and carbonated soft drinks throughout Central and South America.
InBev today is uniquely positioned to
lead the industry and achieve superior performance, with strong brand positions in both fast-growing emerging markets and high-profit developed markets.
Over the next ten years, value in the beer industry will be generated in different ways and in different areas and segments than
it was during the past ten years. We are focused on capturing more than our fair share of this profit. With our number one or number two positions in more than
20 key markets, with our portfolio of some of the fastest-growing global brands, and with our expanding presence in other beverage segments and markets, we are poised to generate more value and growth than any competitor.
Our company’s new name combines elements of both Interbrew and AmBev, and the red exclamation point in our new logo symbolizes the passion everyone in the company feels for connecting with consumers and winning. InBev is more than the sum of its parts, and with our people and brands our new corporate identity conveys the sense of excitement we have for the future.
InBev’s transformation began back in
2003 when the senior management team committed to integrating what had historically been a decentralized brewer. Although EBITDA performance prior to this was excellent, much of it was driven by acquisition and pricing. In 2003, we charted a new course and implemented a new integrated strategy comprised of four pillars – a winning brand portfolio, winning at the point of connection, world-class efficiency, and targeted external growth – underpinned by innovation and enabled by culture, world-class people and superior financial discipline.
We also committed to becoming the
most consumer-focused company in the beverage industry, consistently delivering superior, sustainable and profitable organic growth. We aligned to a new mission for the company: to create enduring bonds with consumers by providing the brands and experiences that bring people together. And now, following the combination with AmBev, we have defined a new vision
for the company: to move from “Biggest
to Best.”
       2

Our results in 2004 attest to these commitments. Our global brand portfolio is one of the fastest-growing of any major beer company. Stella Artois is now the fifth-largest international beer in the world and is distributed in over 80 countries. Beck’s is the tenth-largest international brand and distributed in over 120 countries. Brahma is the latest addition to the Global Flagship Brand group and shows great potential worldwide. It is already distributed in seven countries across Central and South America and is the eighth-largest beer brand in the world.
Supporting our overall results were a number of major successes in individual markets. In Russia, we grew significant share for the second consecutive year.
The brands, Sibirskaya Korona, Tolstiak and Klinskoye, led the growth, buoyed by Klinskoye Arriva, which contributed almost 900,000 hectoliters in its first year of launch. Underpinning the performance in Russia is a range of capabilities that we have been strengthening over the past two years, including a world-class management team, an innovation pipeline second to none, an exclusive sales and distribution network which is out-executing competition at the point of connection, and a national production and logistics network which has become the low-cost producer in
the country.
We also experienced tremendous success in China where we seamlessly integrated twelve acquired breweries and six joint ventures, and helped drive an organic volume growth of 9.5%. We have put in place an excellent, seasoned management team and are rolling out our world-class commercial program. This program will train all our marketing, sales and distribu- tion associates on how to develop a winning brand portfolio, and how to win at the point of connection.
In Brazil, AmBev continued to power ahead with its leading brands, Antarctica, Skol and Brahma. Each brand strengthened consumer loyalty and preference in 2004, leading to share growth of 5 points, to 68.1% in December. AmBev now spans nearly every country in South America and extends into key markets in Central America. It successfully launched operations in Guatemala, expanded into Ecuador and Peru, and in Venezuela grew more than 3 share points versus the prior year. Through the QUINSA (Quilmes Industrial S.A.) partnership the company is also the number one brewer in Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay and Bolivia. Argentina captured the honor of being the first South American country to successfully launch Stella Artois, one of our three global brands – less than three months after the creation of InBev.
In Western Europe, we drove significant profit and value growth. We began our footprint rationalization, rolled out new operating-productivity and procurement- synergy programs, and made major progress in aligning retail relationships
and investments with top retailers in the U.K., Belgium, The Netherlands, France and Germany. Beck’s, in its home market, continued its momentum of the past two years with double-digit growth, despite the market being down 1.8%. Beck’s national presence was further complemented with the addition of the Spaten portfolio, including Löwenbräu and Franziskaner weissbier in southern Germany.
In North America, our U.S. global premium portfolio continued to lead industry growth. Stella Artois’ depletions again grew over 50%, Beck’s depletions grew 5.2%, and we have seen the early signs for a turnaround of Bass, which was down only 5.7% versus 14.2% in 2003. We also concluded our relationship with FEMSA (Fomento Economico Mexicano SA de CV) in the U.S. and Mexico. We had partial ownership of this business for eight years and drove substantial growth for their Dos Equis, Tecate, and Sol brands, allowing us to realize excellent value at the time of disposal. Ending this relationship has allowed the creation of InBev USA, bringing together two excellent organiza- tions, Beck’s North America and Labatt USA. InBev USA gives us much more flexibility, and allows unencumbered focus on our proprietary premium brands in the growing premium imported segment.
Across the globe, volume grew organically 3.3% – more than double the growth rate of the beer industry. Volume in 2004 was particularly encouraging for a number of reasons: it cycled a 6.3% growth in 2003, and was delivered despite one of the wettest summers in Western Europe over the past 60 years; it was also achieved while improving value and mix, yielding an overall revenue increase of an incremental 1% on top of the volume growth; and by the fact that the 3.3% does not include the growth experienced by our businesses in China and in Central and South America, which we have included in scope for 2004. It is important to note that when the four months we owned AmBev are included in our full-year results, the 3.3% figure increases to 6.4%.
  “We also committed to becoming the most consumer-focused company in the beverage industry”
 3

 “Across the globe, volume grew 3.3%, double the growth rate of the beer industry”
We grew or held share in the majority of our markets, with notable share increases in Bulgaria +2.4 points, China +4.4 points, Guatemala +15.5 points, Russia +1.1 points, Ukraine +1.2 points, the U.S.(1) +0.2 of a point and Venezuela +3.0 points. We lost share in South Korea because of PET capacity shortages on the Cass brand, coupled with softness of the OB brand
in the on-trade; in Hungary, due to the introduction of low-priced German imported cans; and in Croatia, because of poor spring and summer weather, zero- tolerance drinking-and-driving legislation, and a drop in consumer spending on fast- moving consumer products.
We continued to improve our fixed-costs management. The fixed overhead cost base grew organically 1.5%, below the weighted inflation rate, and was in line with the metric of 1-1.5% for our world-class efficiency pillar. We discontinued operations in six breweries and announced the closure of three others. We drove procurement synergies around the globe for all direct and indirect purchases,
and rolled out additional aggressive productivity benchmarking and plant- optimization strategies.
Going forward, we see the beer industry and the broader beverage industry as highly attractive. In the beer segment alone, we see profit-pool growth of near 10 billion euros over the next five years, but to be captured in different ways, areas, and segments than before.
Pierre Jean Everaert
Chairman of the Board
There are potential risks to the profit pool from legislative impacts, retailer consolidation, and value brands, but we are confident that beer, as a beverage of moderation and as a choice for all types of legal drinking-age consumers, will be an excellent source of value creation in the short-, medium-, and long-term.
When we created InBev we stated that
our aim was to be the best beer company in the world. To achieve ‘best’ and to sustain superior performance we have updated our values and leadership behaviors and have realigned our organization to focus on winning with sales and marketing at the local level. We put in place a new rewards system which enables superior compensa- tion for superior results, and have cascaded a new target-setting process which will enable precision focus and execution.
We are building a company where people make the difference, where we make things happen, where our consumers
come first, and where InBev and our people lead the way.
As we embark on the journey from biggest to best, we will continue to focus on each of the four pillars in our strategy, making sure that the enablers of the strategy have the necessary funding and resources behind them. We have set the bar high for ourselves and are confident that we can achieve both our mission and our vision, and that consumers the world over will continue to solidify their enduring bonds with our winning brands.
John F. Brock
Chief Executive Officer
     (1) In markets or segments in which we compete. 4
