  CEO’S LETTER ROBERT MCKAY
 “I AM IMPRESSED WITH HOW OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND EMPLOYEES LISTEN TO MEMBERS AND HOW MEMBERS ENGAGE WITH US.”
 As incoming CEO, I am very proud to be here and fortunate to be able to build upon the strong foundation of our Credit Union and the leadership of Dave Osborn, who retired after 23 years as CEO. I have been impressed with how our management team and employees listen to members, and how members engage with us to make us better. I believe that this leads to great results. Together, we will continue
to serve our members, and together, we will continue to grow. This is the core of what we do: listen to our members, provide financial services tailored to meet needs, offer competitive products, support our communities, and exceed member service expectations.
In 2015 with the steady expansion of LifePlan, financial planning service, our Credit Union experienced near record growth of 31% in assets under management and credit union revenue growth of 63% over 2014, making this a successful year. Our direct consumer loans, at the heart
of our business, helping members with home loans, credit cards, automobile, and student loans, grew 4.6% this year compared with 2% in 2014. In fact, our mortgage loans originated increased 60% over the previous year.
In Business Lending, we continued our string of impressive results with growth of 18% with little or no delinquency throughout the year. And in direct lending, we reduced delinquency by 44% from December 2014 to .94%, the lowest since 2008.
In October, we launched new and more powerful online and mobile banking systems. Our members have more flexibility and more control with innovative tools to see their complete financial picture all on one screen. Bill pay, automatic payments, transfers, deposits, and viewing of checks and statements are even more user-friendly. And,
 both systems offer greater security as do our new EMV credit cards, equipped with computer chips and the technology to authenticate chip-card transactions. These changes are designed to provide more convenience, protect our members, and reduce fraud.
This year we began the redesign of our website to provide a more robust member experience via one of our largest volume member service channels. Look for these improvements in 2016.
We were thrilled that, for a second year in a row, the Credit Union was awarded the Top Places To Work Award from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Each year, employees of nominated businesses are surveyed. Firms with the highest scores based on national benchmarks are awarded this honor.
In line with our plans for strategic growth, we successfully completed our merger with Purina Credit Union, which became a division of ABECU. We can continue to provide Nestlé Purina PetCare employees with superior products, enhanced services, and long-term value. We also began to serve employees of Energizer and Edgewell Personal Care.
This year, I have been so pleased to meet members, families, friends, and employees in the communities we serve. I am confident that together we will continue to listen to needs and dreams, grow our Credit Union, and build a bright future for all.
Sincerely,
Robert McKay
Chief Executive Officer
 
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER FRED KUHN
 “WE WILL CONTINUE TO LISTEN TO OUR MEMBERS, INNOVATE WITH NEW AND IMPROVED PRODUCTS AND DELIVER EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE.”
 This year, we welcomed our new CEO, Bob McKay. Selected by the Board of Directors, Bob McKay replaces Dave Osborn who led the Credit Union with great success for 23 years. Bob comes to the Credit Union with over 20 years of experience in the industry. Since 1995, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Baxter Credit Union. He also serves on many credit union industry boards including Member Loyalty Group, CUNA Lending Council and the American Credit Union Mortgage Association. With this experience and his vision for the future, he is an ideal fit as our new CEO, and he is committed to serve our members now and in the future.
Once again, we have delivered on our promise: Assist members with financial needs and goals; Build sustaining relationships; and Support the communities we serve, and we ended 2015, with a strong net worth and respectable net income that approximated $7 million. Today, we have over 120,000 members with $1.5 billion in assets, and 30 branch offices around the United States.
To serve our expanded membership, we opened a new branch in St. Louis Hills, relocated from Hampton Avenue.
 In 2016, we will open a new branch in Ellisville, MO, a western suburb of St. Louis. In addition, we understand that many of our members prefer to conduct business from the comforts of their home or office so we will continue to enhance our mobile and online options.
On behalf of the Credit Union Board of Directors, Management, and Staff, thank you for the continued trust that you place in us for all your financial needs. In the continually changing financial world, we will continue to listen to our members, innovate with new and improved products, and deliver exceptional service to you and
your family.
Sincerely,
Fred Kuhn
Chairman of the Board of Directors
  OUR PROMISE ASSIST MEMBERS WITH FINANCIAL NEEDS AND GOALS BUILD SUSTAINING RELATIONSHIPS
SUPPORT THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
