 Letter to Shareholders
2005 was the first full year that InBev operated as a single, integrated global organization, speaking with one voice, and starting to apply best practices across disciplines and borders. Our normalized EBITDA margin for 2005, at 28.6 %, was up organically 193 basis points from 2004. This growth demonstrates the soundness of our business strategy and places us firmly on track to reach our target of 30 % EBITDA margin by 2007.
InBev has an ambitious dream which is not easy to reach, but we are determined to stretch and achieve it. This dream—this vision—is to go from Biggest to Best. It is a great vision, because it’s is all about winning, for shareholders and employees alike.
In 2005, there was a tremendous amount of rapid change for the company, and although this will not win us any races, it is a foundation on which we can build the best brands, the best practices and processes, the best people and the best connections with our consumers.
We launched comprehensive training and leadership programs, and rolled out an entirely reformulated corporate culture based on new values and incentives. We initiated
a target-setting program which rewards employees based on individual performance. This program represents a sea change in how the company operates, bringing greater focus on the achievement of targets. Every person at InBev is now truly taking full ownership in his or her personal role, and has a real, tangible stake in the success of the company. InBev is working to build its business with the right people—people who live the company culture.
In terms of financial performance, this year was a particularly good one for InBev. Our normalized EBITDA grew 15 % organically and our normalized EBITDA margin grew from 26.1 % to 28.6 %.
Our volume grew 5.4 % organically. Beer volume reached 192 million hectoliters and our soft drink volume reached 32 million hectoliters. All our Zones grew EBITDA organically year-over-year, and three out of the five Zones grew volume organically.
Our global brands also had a very good year : Stella Artois grew by 1.1%; Beck’s by 13.5%; Brahma by 15.9%; and Leffe by 10.3 %. These four global brands are well-
positioned in many different markets, creating enduring bonds with consumers by providing experiences that bring people together.
In terms of targeted external growth—with the key word being ‘targeted’—we are also on track. Our acquisition of Tinkoff in St. Petersburg was critical to InBev’s continued success in that expanding market. Acquiring Tinkoff immediately increased our capacity by more than 2 million hectoliters, which, over time, is expandable to nearly
5 million hectoliters. In China, InBev’s buyout of the KK minority stake strengthened our position in that exciting, important market. We now have a leading presence in the most affluent, southeastern part of the country.
We successfully integrated corporate responsibility into our business strategy, publishing InBev’s first online Global Citizenship Report, as well as our Corporate Governance Statement, Code of Business Conduct and Code of Dealing. We replaced our Code of Marketing Conduct— which applies to all our brand-related and commercial communications—with a revised Commercial Communications Code, incorporating values from both Interbrew and AmBev.
In just one year, InBev has become a truly global brewer, integrating two corporate cultures. There has been a host of changes, and there will be more as the organization sharpens its focus on consumers. There is no question that our company today has matured from the company it was just a few years ago. But at the end of the day, our results show this to be a positive change.
  Pierre Jean Everaert
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
Carlos Brito
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
