Letter to Shareholders
2006 has been a year of delivering on our commitments. We realized good financial results, delivering a normalized EBITDA margin of 31.9 %, while our commitment was to deliver a 30 % margin by the end of2007.Evendiscountingthepositiveeffectofforeignexchangerates,ournormalizedEBITDAmargin would have been 30.5 % in 061.
These results are based on what we call our Dream/People/Culture platform.
Our dream is to be the best beer company in the industry measured by profitability. This is our firm commitment and something that energizes our people. To be the biggest company by volume is certainly an accomplishment, but our resolve is to be the best at what we do. On a daily basis we are working to move from ‘Biggest to Best’, building a great company that will generate growth and sustainable results going forward.
Our people represent our most important competitive advantage. Great people are behind everything we do, and we believe great people build great companies. As senior managers we invest a large amount of time talking to and meeting people in the field, and identifying opportunities for people to progress through career development plans.
Our culture is one of ownership, disciplined execution and focus on results. We believe our people will make better decisions if they think and act like owners. Our target setting and cascading system together with our compensation model reinforces this ownership mindset. Disciplined execution is in everything we do from sales processes to brewing procedures. Benchmarking is encouraged in all areas. Our focus is on sustainable results.
“Great people are behind everything we do, andwebelievegreatpeoplebuildgreatcompanies.”
In terms of financial performance, this year was a particularly good one for us. Our normalized EBITDA grew 16.8 % organically and our normalized EBITDA margin grew organically by 239 basis points, increasing from 28.6 % to 31.9 %.
Our volumes grew 5.9% organically. Beer volumes reached 211.6 million hectoliters and our soft drink volumes reached 34.9 million hectoliters. Four out of five Zones grew EBITDA organically, year on year, as well as grew volume organically.
Our global brands had a good year: Stella Artois grew by 1.5 %, Beck’s by 14 %, Brahma by 3.5 %, and Leffe by 9.9 %.
1 Calculatedonthebasisofprevailingforeignexchangeratesatthetimethechallengewaslaunchedin2004.

 In 2007 our focus and targets will be built around the following five objectives: Execution in the marketplace
We want InBev to be an efficient sales-driven company with best in class distribution. Given our global scale and presence in developed and developing markets, we have a strong set of best practices to share and learn from. Our aim is to out-execute our competition.
Sufficient resources for brand-building
We are in the business of building brands for which consumers pay a premium. We want to increase brand equity by making sure we invest more behind our brands every year, in the smartest way possible.
Innovation generated from consumer insights
Good innovation should come from superior consumer understanding. We have to understand consumer needs better than our competitors and deliver products and services tailored to meet those needs.
Financial discipline in everything we do
From targeted acquisitions to trade spend; from brand investment to fixed cost management; from cooler placement to industrial investment, we are committed to tracking value creation on each euro spent.
Resource allocation
A continuous shift from non-working money to working money is a priority. We have to be clever about the money we spend and ask ourselves whether each and every additional euro will generate value that consumers are willing to pay for.
As we look to the future of our global business, we are very excited about its prospects for sustainable growth and value creation for shareholders.
Peter Harf Chairman of the Board
Carlos Brito
Chief Executive Officer
