 In my letter to you two years ago, I introduced our new vision—a clean, energy-efficient world—and predicted it would re-energize our company. Today, our broader perspective has resulted in a number of positive changes in our company. From our ever-evolving product portfolio to our renewed sustainability efforts, our vision is guiding us toward a brighter future.
MARCH 2016
   THE YEAR IN REVIEW
Building for the Future
2015 was a building year for BorgWarner. We relocated two Western European fa- cilities in our Drivetrain Group to Poland to enhance our competitive position in Europe. We opened two new plants at our campus in Hungary to manufacture all-wheel drive solutions and exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) technologies. And, we expanded our emissions business in Mexico and South Korea to meet growing global demand for our advanced ignition and EGR systems.
Remy Acquisition – Our Largest Yet
In the fourth quarter of 2015, we completed the acquisition of Remy International, Inc., a leading manufac- turer of rotating electrical components such as alternators, starter motors and electric traction motors for the automotive and commercial vehi-
cle industry. Around the world, our customers are developing plans for
powertrain electrification—including stop/start, 48-volt battery systems, hybrids and plug-in electric vehicles. This acquisition is critically important to maintaining our strong leadership position in providing high-value pow- ertrain technology to the market.
The Remy business is combining with BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems
to form BorgWarner PowerDrive Systems. The complementary com- bination of advanced powertrain and rotating electrical device technology provides a unique market approach and competitive advantage that will drive growth for many years to come. Not only was the Remy acquisition the largest in our history, but it may prove to be the most transformative.
Earning Accolades for Quality and Innovation
BorgWarner’s innovations and high- quality products were recognized by industry experts and customers alike.
J A M E S V E R R I E R , President and Chief Executive Officer
   1
 
  We received a 2015 Automotive News PACE Award for our first-to-market front- wheel drive electronic limited slip differ- ential (FXD) technology. The innovation greatly enhances the traction, handling and stability of front-wheel drive vehicles, and is a cost-effective and fuel-efficient alternative to all-wheel drive systems. BorgWarner’s FXD technology debuted on the Volkswagen Golf GTI with Perfor- mance Pack and SEAT Leon CUPRA. Programs are also under development with several other global automakers.
BorgWarner received quality and innova- tion awards from Daimler Trucks North America, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, GM, Honda, Maruti Suzuki, Mercedes-Benz, Toyota and Volvo. For example, Volvo Cars hon- ored BorgWarner with an Award of Ex- cellence for our cost-effective advanced turbocharging technologies. Our plant in Seneca, South Carolina, was present-
ed with a Toyota Regional Contribution Award, Honda North America Excellence in Quality Award, and South Carolina Silver Crescent Award for Manufacturing Excellence. BorgWarner also received
a 2014 World Excellence Award in the Aligned Business Framework category for exemplifying the Ford Motor Company’s principles of quality, value and innovation.
Performing for Stockholders
Our portfolio of powertrain technologies continues to drive global growth for the company. The company grew over 4%
in 2015 (excluding the impact of foreign currencies and acquisitions), with that growth coming in China, Europe, Korea and North America. As we look ahead, we see sustained growth as our customers partner with us to meet their fuel economy, emissions and performance targets. We project a 4% to 6% growth rate for the company over the next three years (excluding the impact of foreign currencies and acquisitions).
Our operating performance continued to be a bright spot for the company. Operating income as a percentage of net sales was 13.1% in 2015 (excluding the impact of non-comparable items, foreign currencies and acquisitions), an improvement over 2014 and higher for the sixth consecutive year. Most notable is the improvement
in the Drivetrain segment. In 2012, the Drivetrain segment adjusted EBIT margin was 9.1% and, at that time, we committed to driving that margin higher. In 2015, the Drivetrain segment adjusted EBIT margin was 11.5%, and we believe there is room for further improvement.
Our commitment to innovation and product development continued in 2015 with R&D investment of nearly 4% of net sales, in line with our target.
Our strong track record of returning cash
to stockholders continued in 2015. We maintained our quarterly dividend and initi- ated a $1 billion share repurchase program over a three-year period beginning in the first quarter of 2015. In aggregate, we spent over 150% of our free cash flow on dividend payments and share repurchases in 2015.
BorgWarner’s success today is driven
by our ability to envision the automotive industry in the future. How will people get around? What regulatory requirements
will automakers need to satisfy? How will shifting demographics and information systems affect mobility? Of course, the most important question for BorgWarner is: Will gasoline engines, clean diesel engines, hybrids or electric drives power vehicles?
The automotive industry is in the midst of tremendous evolution. The disruptive impact of macro trends—the drive for
 Uses of Cash | Millions of Dollars
THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY IS EVOLVING
      ‘11 ‘12 '13 '14 '15
$394
$407 $418 $57
$204
$296
Dividends
M&A Activity
Share Repurchase
Capital Expenditures
     $226
$563 $116 $111 $140
$577 $117
$1,200 $350
              2

 BorgWarner Already Drives All Types of Powertrains
improved efficiency, scarcity of natural resources, heightened focus on the environment, demographic shifts, connec- tivity, increasing urbanization—cannot be underestimated.
BorgWarner not only embraces this evolution but is positioned to lead it.
BorgWarner has been a product leader for nearly a century, and we plan to con- tinue leading the industry. Our strategy
is to drive every type of powertrain, no matter what type of fuel or energy powers it. If it’s a powertrain, we can make it more efficient.
BorgWarner has already developed many elec- trically supported devices for gas and diesel
powered vehicles as well as innovations for hybrid and electric vehicles. For example,
eBooster®
Rotating Electrics
eGear Drive®
Electrification is one of the biggest trends driving the industry’s evolution. Ten years from now, we estimate about 25% of vehicles produced will have some form
of hybrid or electric powertrain on board. We will be focusing on making our current products more electrically capable in the
electric drive transmis- sions produce high torque capacity and efficiency with smooth, quiet operation.
our eGearDrive
®
®
solenoid valves help stop/start systems improve
Our award-winning Eco-Launch
fuel economy with smoother launches during
restarts. And our eBooster
compressor enables the development of smaller,
more efficient turbocharged gasoline, diesel or hybrid engines with enhanced low-end torque.
Customer Diversity Worldwide | 2016 Sales Outlook*
10% VW/Audi 5% Daimler 3% Ford 3% Renault 2% BMW 2% PSA 2% FCA
1% GM 3% Commercial Vehicles 7% Other
Hyundai/Kia 9%
Other Asia ex. China 5%
VW/Audi 3% Ford 2%
GM 1%
Other China 8%
Ford 9% Chrysler 5% GM 3%
Asian OEMs 2% Commercial Vehicles 7% Other 8%
Asia
EX. CHINA 14%
China
14%
Americas Europe
34% 38%
2015 STOCKHOLDERS LETTER AND ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
TM
®
® electric motor-driven
*Includes net sales from Remy As of January 13, 2016
3

  near future while developing more products
for pure electric vehicles for the long term.
That’s what makes the Remy acquisition
so exciting—it brings motor expertise that
will accelerate our development of products
for 48-volt systems, hybrids and increased
electrification. $180
$80
$0
Total Stockholder Return
$100 invested on 12/31/10 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.
2015 STOCKHOLDERS LETTER AND ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
 $200
    While world events create an ever changing
business climate, the fundamentals of our
company have not changed. At our core, we
are innovators. Our powertrain technolo-
gies, which help our customers improve $100 fuel economy, emissions and performance,
$160 $140 $120
BorgWarner Inc.
Peer Group
S&P 500
SIC Code Index
        are adopted the world over in every major
region and by every major automaker. We $60
     also remain disciplined with our costs and focus on return on invested capital and creating economic value. These principles have driven success for many years and will guide us going forward.
2010 2011
2012 2013
2014 2015
Sincerely,
          LOOKING TO THE FUTURE the future. We are a product leader in the various powertrains and applications
Throughout BorgWarner’s long history,
we have succeeded by identifying technol-
ogy waves and developing the must-have
products to make them possible. Our
employees thrive on change. We enjoy Our world view and our goals are broad and a challenge. We are passionate about high. We don’t just make auto parts—We powertrains and relentlessly focused on make a cleaner, more energy efficient world.
of today precisely because we had the foresight to predict industry trends and customer needs decades ago.
  Net New Business 2015 thru 2018 $1.1 Billion – $1.65 Billion of Net New Business
James Verrier
President and Chief Executive Officer
  2% Ignition Systems 6% Emissions Systems
3% Thermal Systems 15% Engine Timing and VCT
21% Diesel Turbochargers 23% Gas Turbochargers
6% DCT Components
18% All-Wheel Drive and Remy 6% Transmission Components
Engine 71% Drivetrain 29%
                                       4
