To Our Shareholders
 Fiscal 2008 provided us with many challenges as we continued to manage through this severe, multi-year downturn in the housing industry. At this writing, conditions in both the overall economy and housing market are under great pressure. Home buyer demand for new homes continues to be adversely affected by low levels of consumer confidence, falling home prices, extensive new and existing home supply and reduced access to mortgage financing. In recent months this difficult environment has been exacerbated by turmoil in the financial markets, heightened concerns about the global economy and a substantial rise in both job losses and home foreclosures.
Against this backdrop we continue to focus on generating liquidity, reducing overhead and direct costs, limiting invest- ment in land and unsold home inventory and efficiently allocating our capital. As evidenced by our strengthened cash balance over the fiscal year, which stood at $584.3 million at September 30, 2008, our efforts are helping us weather this unprecedented housing environment.
Investigations and Litigation
During fiscal 2008, we continued to work through the Company-specific issues we reported to you last year. From the outset we have been fully cooperating with the ongoing external investigations and we continue to do so.
In September, we reached a settlement with the SEC in the form of a ‘cease and desist’ order which resulted in no monetary fine being levied.
We intend to attempt to negotiate settlements with other federal and state government authorities, including the United States Attorney’s Office in the Western District of North Carolina, concerning matters that were the subject of our Audit Committee’s previous independent investigation. We also continue to defend the Company’s interest in the related civil litigation.
Throughout the fiscal year, we continued to actively work on remediation efforts to address the material weaknesses previously identified in our “ICFR” or internal control over
 
financial reporting. We are pleased to report that as of September 30, 2008, there were no remaining material weaknesses under our ICFR.
Fiscal 2008 Results:
Achieving Increased Cash and Liquidity
The extreme conditions faced by us and the homebuilding industry overall are clearly reflected in our financial results for fiscal 2008. We reported revenue of $2.07 billion, down 40% from the prior year. The decrease in revenues resulted from both lower home closings (down 36%) and a decline in average sales price (down 10%). At the same time, we incurred substantial asset impairments. Non-cash pre-tax charges related to inventory impairments and abandonment of land option contracts of $510.6 million, goodwill impair- ments of $52.5 million, impairments in joint ventures of $68.8 million and a non-cash deferred tax valuation allowance of $400.3 million, contributed to a net loss from continuing operations of $951.2 million, or $24.68 per share.
Our net losses for the past two fiscal years have resulted in a decrease in our stockholders’ equity from $1.7 billion at September 30, 2006 to $375 million at September 30, 2008. Although we currently have low visibility into fiscal 2009, taking the current trends into account, along with a reduced backlog, we expect that both closings and average sales prices will be lower in fiscal 2009, and that we will again likely incur a loss for the year.
We are focused on reducing our leverage, which has increased significantly with the reduction in our stockholders’ equity for the reasons outlined above. While we do not face significant debt repayments until 2011, we are actively study- ing options to strengthen the balance sheet going forward. At this time it is our hope that we will be able to resolve our
issues with regulatory authorities before pursuing any specific changes in the capital structure.
While the losses we have incurred are certainly a disappointment to us, in the face of market volatility and economic weakness, our top priority has been to generate cash and preserve liquidity. Our cash position improved to $584.3 million at the end of fiscal 2008, an increase of almost 30% from the end of fiscal 2007, and which we achieved despite paying down $100 million in debt, incurring significant costs related to our financial restatement and related investigations and absorbing a significant loss from operations.
Cash provided by operating activities was $316 million for the fiscal year. We concluded $156 million of non-core asset sales, and reduced land expenditures by 60% during the year. As a result, both our controlled lot count and unsold home inventories were decreased substantially. We also added to our cash position with approximately $59 million in tax refunds, and expect to receive an additional $150 million during fiscal 2009.
Our liquidity position is further enhanced by the existence of a secured revolving credit facility, which, in the face of an exceedingly tough credit market, we successfully amended this year to, among other things, modify or elimi- nate certain restrictive covenants. The facility is secured by cash and real estate assets. While we currently do not have additional borrowing capacity under the facility, we have announced that we intend to add additional real estate assets to the borrowing base to achieve additional availability over the next twelve months. Although we have not had any cash borrowings under this facility since its inception in July 2007, and have no current plans that would require cash borrowings, we expect that maintaining this facility
 
will provide us with additional financial flexibility, which, in turn, provides us with greater agility in an uncertain market.
Streamlining To Return To Profitability
Our efforts to enhance our cash and liquidity at this point in the housing downturn have been equally matched by aggressive efforts to position us for a return to profitability. Not least among these is cost reduction. A 65% reduction in headcount from the peak levels in 2006 is, by far, the most dramatic evidence of this effort.
We also have completed a significant amount of consolidation within the business. Our warranty and customer care functions have been centralized into a call center in Phoenix. Six regions have been consolidated into three and a number of departments and functions have been reorganized to increase productivity.
Home plan simplification and standardization represent additional streamlining initiatives. We are reducing the number of core home plans that we build and are utilizing the most cost efficient plans in multiple markets. To further reduce the cost of construction, we continue to value engineer our home plans in collaboration with our supply chain partners.
In tough times, strategy evaluation is a never-ending process. An important part of this process is deciding how and where to allocate capital and resources. To this end, we have exited certain markets and turned our focus to those markets that offer the most long-term growth potential and in which our capabilities are strongest. Though our footprint is smaller today, we still maintain the significant geographic diversity and economic balance of a national builder.
Another strategy to address costs and allocate capital efficiently has been to concentrate our building activity in selected market “nodes.” These nodes are targeted geographic submarkets with defined customer profiles and attributes. We believe this approach will allow us to lever- age our experience, capabilities and presence to obtain better returns in the long term. Our goal is to become a top-three builder in every node in which we compete.
Marketing A More Differentiated Product
During such a protracted downturn, it is often hard, but critical, to keep sight of the long-term trends that will help restore the health of our industry. Thanks to immigration and demographic-driven household formation, the Joint Center for Housing Studies at Harvard University predicts that there will be an increase of 14.4 million households during the decade beginning in 2010, up from 12.6 million in 1995-2005.
With these trends in mind, Beazer Homes has maintained an unwavering focus on programs and designs to make our homes more enjoyable, more desirable and more affordable. When a recovery begins, we intend to be the builder of choice for our targeted customers.
Today we are offering SMARTDESIGNTM branded homes that stand apart from our competitors. SMARTDESIGNTM introduces buyers to an overall home design that promises enhanced livability and organiza- tion. Combining insights from our own team members, consumer research and experts in a variety of fields – from gourmet cooking to home organization – we are developing home environments truly suited to the way people live today.

Beazer has also created new eSMARTTM homes that reflect the priorities of today’s homeowners. Our eSMARTTM homes represent the first comprehensive program focused on environmental stewardship by a leading national builder. This initiative seeks to make energy saving, water conserva- tion and improved air quality components standard in all our homes. One of our first eSMARTTM initiatives was an investment in Imagine Homes in San Antonio. In 2008, the National Association of Home Builders named Imagine Homes the nation’s top green builder of single-family production homes, and our partnership has enhanced our product development capabilities in this area.
Focusing on the Future
Nothing has been more critical in the past two years than our employees. Their diligence and belief in the underlying fundamentals of our industry have held steady even during these trying times. For this, we are most grateful. Throughout the past year, we have come together to address immediate challenges and to work toward common goals that will benefit us in a recovery. In what has often seemed like the worst of times, we have seen so many of our people at their best. We also extend our appreciation to our Board of Directors, who have been a continual source of counsel and guidance for our Company, and we express our gratitude to Katie J. Bayne, who did not stand for re-election at the last annual meeting, for her valuable service for the past five years.
We continue to appreciate our customers and shareholders for the trust they have put in Beazer Homes. We are committed to delivering to them each and every day, whether in the form of quality homes, attentive service, prudent capital allocation or above-reproach ethical
behavior. Everyone associated with our Company should know that Beazer Homes is committed to a comprehensive Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Core Value Statement: “Beazer Homes is committed to earning the trust of customers, employees, and partners through open communication, responsiveness, and respect.”
As we write this letter, we have yet to see signs of stabilization on the horizon, and believe that 2009 will be another difficult year. You can expect caution and discipline to be our two guiding principles as we operate through this cycle.
Though we may not be able to pinpoint the bottom of this cycle, we know it is there and that a rebound will follow. Unlike other industries and even other countries, America’s housing market has strong underlying fundamentals. The American Dream – that persistent motivation to own one’s home – is a seemingly inherent part of our country and our culture.
We appreciate your support of Beazer Homes as we continue to make this dream a reality for our customers.
Thank you.
Brian C. Beazer
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Ian J. McCarthy
President and Chief Executive Officer December 22, 2008
  