Dear Shareholders,
We've come a long way in the last few years. I feel very good about the progress we're making. We're growing our franchise in a more balanced way, with a greater focus on organic growth around the world. We're integrating our businesses and working to provide one face to our clients. Clearly, we have plenty of work to do but we are on a path to stable, long-term growth.
Investing for Our Future Citi is now on its way to becoming the company we want it to be, that is, a company that grows by serving clients better...a company agile enough to take advantage of opportunities anywhere in the world...and a company that acts responsibly, with employees who are proud to work here. In last year's letter to you, I talked about our strategic priorities and how important it is to invest for our future--by expanding our distribution globally, leveraging our organization-wide capabilities across businesses and geographies, integrating our technology toward a common platform to serve clients better, and operating day-to-day as one company. We made important strides on these strategic goals in 2006, which included: Widening our reach · Launched our e-banking business, Citibank Direct, which generated close to $10 billion in deposits · Partnered with 7-Eleven®, adding 5,500 ATMs throughout the United States; expanded our Cards partner programs to reach more than 80,000 locations in North America, and expanded our presence in 37 countries · Launched Direct Custody and Clearing services in five new countries Connecting our businesses · Made progress in bringing the power of one Citi to our Citi Smith Barney, Citibank, CitiMortgage, Citi Cards, and Student Loan clients by offering a broader array of products--retail banking, commercial lending, mortgages, investments--through pilot programs in our Boston and Philadelphia Financial Centers; based on the results, we will refine the model for further expansion across the United States · Rolled out Bank at Work to eight new countries (see page 12) · Launched a pilot where select CitiFinancial branches offer Citibank products Using technology to better serve clients and lower costs · Introduced the world's first biometric credit card service in Singapore (see page 8) and biometric ATMs in India · Cut costs by reducing the number of data centers by 20 percent globally · Leveraged our call centers by having our service representatives not only serve, but offer products to, clients Allocating capital effectively · Acquired strategically important stakes in Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (12.3%), Akbank (20%), and Guangdong Development Bank (20%); and announced the acquisitions of Grupo Financiero Uno, Grupo Cuscatlán (see page 14), Quilter, and, early in 2007, ABN AMRO Mortgage Group, and Egg Banking plc · Returned approximately $17 billion in capital to our owners · Received Moody's upgrade of Citibank, N.A. to Aaa, a rating that few financial institutions can claim; and early in 2007 received upgrades from Standard & Poor's--raising its credit rating on Citigroup Inc. to AA/A-1+ and also raising the ratings on Citibank, N.A. to AA+ These were just a few of the steps we took in 2006, important progress points. We still have quite a way to go, but we will continue to expand on many of these and other activities in 2007. Our Priorities for 2007 We have three clear objectives for this year: Grow U.S. Consumer--We're working to generate better growth in U.S. Consumer by broadening our product set and expanding our reach. We're also in the second year of a fiveyear plan to implement a common technology platform that will enable us to serve our U.S. Consumer clients in a seamless fashion as we grow our relationships with them. Grow International--The goal is to focus more of our activities outside the United States, where the opportunities for growth are greatest. We're doing that by, among other activities, opening branches in key markets--approximately 70 percent of our new branches have been in the emerging markets. We are also making targeted acquisitions that fill gaps--for example, Egg Banking plc, the world's largest pure online bank and one of the United Kingdom's leading online financial services providers; and broadening our product capabilities in our Markets and Banking business. Improve How We Operate--While controlling our expenses is central to all we want to accomplish in 2007 and beyond, we want to do more than merely squeeze costs out of what we do now. A fundamental objective is to improve the way we operate--to rethink what we do and how we do it. During the first quarter of 2007, we took a comprehensive look at the structure of our expense base. We are eliminating layers of activity that clog up the system, and this will free up the organization--making us leaner, more agile, and more effective--enabling us to grow revenues faster and enhancing service to our clients.

4

Financial Performance Our bottom-line financial performance in 2006 was good, but not spectacular. Earnings per share from continuing operations were up 11 percent, with net income from continuing operations up seven percent, the positive difference reflecting our return of cash to shareholders through our $7 billion stock buyback in 2006. Our total shareholder return was nearly 20 percent for the year, a level that placed us in the middle of the pack of a group of financial services companies. Here is a closer look at what worked well and what fell short of expectations. Revenues were $89.6 billion, an increase of seven percent but lower than our plan for the year.The shortfall was largely made up on our bottom line by better-than-expected credit results and lower taxes, but a miss is a miss. At one level, it doesn't matter why, but at another level, it's important to understand what happened so that future efforts can have better results. In our case, the revenue miss was largely in our consumer business, partly reflecting a difficult yield curve environment and a consumer-driven shift in loans to lower-yielding home finance loans, and partly reflecting the early stage of our shift to a more organic growth model. Expenses increased 15 percent, which included three percentage points from an industry-wide accounting change related to equity compensation in early 2006. Excluding this accounting change, expense growth was generally in line with our expectations as we continued to invest aggressively in our organic growth initiatives, including opening an average of three branches a day in 2006. Helping our bottom-line results were lower credit costs, which reflected the continued favorable credit environment globally, including a very low level of bankruptcy filings in our U.S. Consumer business. We also had tax benefits during the year that led to a lower-than-normal 27.3 percent tax rate. So, while we ended the year with good bottom line results, how we delivered these results--better credit and taxes--was not how we wanted to get there. As we look to 2007, we believe the credit environment around the world, with some exceptions, is good, but we are very focused on managing our exposure. We expect moderate deterioration in credit in 2007 and are managing our portfolio accordingly. We expect to deliver bottom-line growth through a better relationship between revenue and expense growth, and we do not project significant credit "tailwinds" or tax benefits to recur. One Citi As you probably noticed on the cover of this report, we took another important and visible step in the evolution of our company. We've come together--for the first time--under a common brand name: Citi. Not long ago, Citi brought together many great companies with the promise that we could serve clients better as one organization. Delivering on that promise has taken time, but our progress has been tangible and we have established a common company-wide approach to help us get there.

Today, we stand united as one company, one Citi, with a common brand--a brand that says our clients' success is our success, and that says we are focused on driving winning performance for our clients and providing them with the best service anytime and anywhere they do business with us. Global Community Day On November 18, 2006, our employees marked another important chapter in Citi's rich legacy--the company's first-ever Global Community Day when some 45,000 of us (including friends and family) volunteered our time and talent in 100 countries to help make a difference in the communities where we live and work. My wife Peggy and I visited a village in Laishui County in China where I taught a class on credit to microfinance officers, she helped paint a school, and together we harvested leeks for one of Citi's microfinance clients. The day was a great success, and plans are underway for our next Global Community Day on November 17, 2007. A Word of Thanks Before I conclude, I would like to thank Dudley Mecum and Ann Jordan for their service on our Board. Both are retiring in April. Dudley joined the board of Commercial Credit, a predecessor company, in 1986. He is the only currently serving director who has been with us on that entire incredible journey, and has been a great contributor to our success. Ann became a director in 1989 when the company was known as Primerica Corporation. She has been an important voice for us, and a wonderful partner whose contributions to Citi will endure. Finally, let me say a word about President Ford, who served for two decades on our Board. He was a good friend and his counsel was important to our success. He will be deeply missed and never forgotten. Summing Up We have made considerable progress this past year, thanks to the efforts of our 325,000 employees in more than 100 countries. But we have more work ahead. Our goal is to be a more client-driven organization that is more accessible, innovative, and able to strike quickly at the many unique global growth opportunities for Citi. I firmly believe that we have embarked on an era of renewed growth and that the changes we are making will lead to sustainable growth in shareholder value. Your support, for which I am very grateful, is critical to the long-term success of our journey. I look forward to seeing you at our annual meeting.

Charles Prince

5

