Letter to Shareholders

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2014 was for Citi an important chapter in a multi-year story of radical, yet thoughtful and prudent, transformation of the size, scope and structure of our firm. It was also a year of challenges -- that much is obvious -- and significant accomplishment, which may not seem quite so evident. Yet if we step back and view the year in context, we can see how far our company has come in a short time. By virtually any measure, Citi is a stronger, safer, simpler and smaller institution than it was before, during or just after the financial crisis -- and even compared with two years ago when I assumed the role of CEO. It's a vast understatement to say that we merely "rebuilt" our capital position since the crisis. In fact, our capital strength now far exceeds even pre-crisis levels, with nearly $140 billion in regulatory capital and a Tier 1 Common capital ratio of 10.6%. And we hold more than $400 billion in high-quality liquid assets. That Citi is also smaller and simpler can be seen through many metrics. Our headcount now stands at 241,000 -- down from a peak of 375,000. We've shed more than 60 non-core businesses. Our balance sheet is smaller and consists of higher quality assets. Assets in Citi Holdings -- which once topped $700 billion -- are now below $100 billion. And we've shrunk the number of our legal entities to further simplify our structure and governance. In short, today's Citi is not the bank that entered, endured, or emerged from the financial crisis. It's a very different firm -- one that has returned to its roots as the world's most global consumer, commercial and institutional bank, a trusted partner of choice for multinationals and globally-minded customers who do business in every time zone. When I took over as CEO, my overarching goal was -- and remains -- to build on this progress, to position our firm to realize the full value of our network and all its potential. To that end, I set four specific goals for Citi: first, to utilize our deferred tax assets; second, to drive Citi Holdings to break-even; third, to generate quality and consistent earnings; and fourth, to be known as an indisputably strong and stable institution.
Michael L. Corbat Chief Executive Officer

Let me now review our firm's progress in 2014 toward each of these goals and also update you on other important achievements -- as well as some setbacks -- of the year. There is no question that we have made strong progress on the first two goals. Our deferred tax assets -- crisis-era write-offs against future earnings -- will not be going away anytime soon. But we have shown that we can utilize these assets on a consistent basis, and at higher levels than many predicted or expected, generating additional regulatory capital. In utilizing $3.3 billion of our deferred tax assets in 2014, we exceeded 2013's level by $800 million and now have utilized $5.8 billion in the last two years. Regarding the second goal, we worked hard to drive Citi Holdings to break-even by 2015 and did so in 2014, sooner than even I expected. While there may be fluctuations from quarter to quarter, we are committed to keeping Holdings at or slightly better than break-even for the foreseeable future. Additionally, in 2014 we reduced Holdings' assets by a further 16%, driven by ongoing run-off and asset sales. During the course of last year, we also took important steps toward the sale of OneMain -- which we announced recently and expect

2

to close by the end of this year. And, after careful review, we announced our intent to exit several non-core Consumer and Institutional businesses, which will be reported as part of Citi Holdings going forward. This move allows us to reallocate those resources to businesses with far greater potential to deliver value to clients and generate returns for the firm. Turning now to the third goal, our record of delivering quality and consistent earnings so far is mixed. We've produced many strong quarters that show the power of our franchise and what this firm can do at its best. But the environment remains challenging and our results have also been undercut by a series of legal accruals and settlements as well as sizable repositioning charges. Yet even in the face of these challenges, we made substantial progress in every one of our business lines. In our Consumer franchise, we further simplified our product offerings while increasing the number of customers whose primary interactions with the bank are through digital channels. As a result, we were pleased to see an increase in customer satisfaction, as measured by Net Promoter Scores. We also made considerable progress toward the rationalization and rightsizing of our country and branch networks. In the 11 markets we marked for divestiture in 2014, we didn't see the potential for achieving appropriate returns. Going forward, our core Consumer network will comprise those 24 countries where we enjoy some mixture of scale, competitive advantage, history and expertise. We closed sales on our retail franchises in Greece and Spain and signed agreements to sell those in Peru and Japan. And, in an environment that continues to be challenging, our U.S. business performed well, while we showed modest growth internationally. Our Institutional franchise performed well throughout the year as we focused on serving core clients and our institutional banking businesses continued to show solid revenue growth. In Investment Banking, we gained share with our target clients across most regions and generated strong revenue growth. And despite the low interest rate environment, Treasury and Trade Solutions grew revenues as well, as did the Private Bank. While our Markets businesses were impacted by lower client activity toward the end of the year, we will continue to take steps to make sure these businesses are sized correctly for the environment we see going forward. I know that, to fulfill the potential of this company, we must both execute our strategy to our utmost and stop undermining our progress with self-inflicted wounds.

That's why I've made ethics and execution the core of my agenda as CEO. Acting ethically in all that we do is a cultural and business imperative. It also impacts directly on the bottom line. Fines and settlements consume capital that could otherwise be used to invest in our business, or returned to you, our shareholders. Acting ethically is, first and foremost, our license to do business. But even more important, integrity is the currency through which we earn and deserve the trust of our clients and customers -- which is the necessary foundation of everything we do. And I want to make absolutely clear that we are still committed to meeting, in 2015, the targets we set for our firm's return on assets and for our efficiency ratio. While challenging to achieve this year, they are within reach if market conditions remain stable. All that we accomplished over the last two years has been in preparation for this year. And I'm confident we will rise to the occasion.

2014 Citicorp Net Revenues1
2014 Citicorp Net Revenues: $71.0 billion
By Region

North America 45%

Europe, Middle East and Africa 15%

Latin America 19% Asia 21%

By Business

Global Consumer Banking 53% ICG Banking 24%

ICG Markets and Securities Services 23% ICG -- Institutional Clients Group
1

Results exclude Corporate/Other.

3

Letter to Shareholders

Regarding the fourth goal -- becoming known as indisputably strong and stable -- our capital, liquidity and other numbers speak, loudly, to the substantial progress we've made. In 2014 alone -- and despite significant legal charges -- we were able to generate $11 billion in regulatory capital, bringing the total to $31 billion over the last two years. Our capital, leverage and liquidity ratios each increased over the course of 2014. Beyond the numbers, we've also made considerable progress toward strengthening the foundational pillars of this firm: governance, culture, controls and technology. We established a consistent framework for assessing performance -- of businesses, functions and, above all, people -- through our balanced scorecard system, which includes culture and control metrics, as well as through our quarterly reviews that I conduct in person. We took 14 legacy anti-money-laundering monitoring platforms and consolidated them into one. And we've built a globally consistent approach to ethics training and set global standards for suitability and sales practices. However, despite this progress, last year we uncovered a fraud in Mexico and the Federal Reserve found significant issues with our capital planning processes. We continue to invest in our Risk, Audit and Compliance functions -- not simply in response to Mexico but as part of a broader effort to ensure that our controls and processes are among the very best in the industry. Regarding our capital plan, we spent the bulk of 2014 in close consultation with Federal Reserve officials to address their concerns. We invested in and strengthened our risk identification and scenario designs, improved our models,

Citigroup Key Capital Metrics
Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio1 Basel III Supplementary Leverage Ratio2 TBV/Share3

8.7%

9.3%

10.0%

10.5%

10.6% 10.5% 10.6% 10.7% 6.0% 10.6% 6.0%

10.1%4

5.1%

5.3%

5.4%

5.7%

5.8%

$51.19

$56.40 $56.89 $57.53 $56.83 $52.35 $53.10 $54.52 $55.31

4Q'12

1Q'13

2Q'13

3Q'13

4Q'13

1Q'14

2Q'14

3Q'14

4Q'14

Basel III Risk-Weighted Assets (Advanced Approaches) ($ Billions)
$1,206
1

$1,192

$1,168

$1,159

$1,186

$1,261

$1,281

$1,302 $1,2935

Citigroup's Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, please refer to Slide 40 of the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website. Citigroup's estimated Basel III Supplementary Leverage Ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, please refer to Slide 41 of the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website. Tangible Book Value (TBV) per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of this metric to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, please refer to Slide 41 of the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website. Citigroup's estimated Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio at December 31, 2013 reflects an adjustment to include, on a pro forma basis, approximately $56 billion of additional operational risk-weighted assets related to its approved exit from Basel III parallel reporting, effective with 2Q'14. Citi Holdings comprised approximately 14% of Basel III risk-weighted assets as of 4Q'14.

2

3

4

5

Pathways to Progress: Jump-Starting Career Readiness for 100,000 Young People
In March 2014, CEO Mike Corbat and the Citi Foundation launched Pathways to Progress, a three-year, $50 million national commitment to provide 100,000 low-income urban young people, ages 16 to 24, across the United States with the opportunity to develop the workplace skills and leadership experience necessary to compete in a 21st century economy. The initiative focuses on 10 of the largest U.S. cities: Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, Newark, New York City, St. Louis, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.

Citi's Jamie Anzellotti mentors college student Anika in New York City: "I have seen Anika grow into a confident and accomplished young woman who knows that today's struggles are tomorrow's successes."

4

and fostered deeper engagement with the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process across all our businesses. On March 11, we received the welcome news that the Federal Reserve raised no objection to our 2015 capital plan. That means that, beginning in the second quarter of this year, we will raise our quarterly dividend from one penny per share to five cents and will begin a common stock buy-back program of up to $7.8 billion. These amounts are significant and the fulfillment of a promise we made to you long ago. Yet even more important are the changes we've made to our capital planning process. We intend to be able to return capital to you on a consistent basis going forward. And we know that, in order to do this, all the progress we made in 2014 to improve our processes must not only be embedded in the way we do business, but must also continue into the future. The challenge of constantly refining and upgrading our capital planning is now and will remain a permanent part of our mission. The bar will always rise for the entire industry. And Federal Reserve officials have made clear that, because of Citi's unique global franchise, they will hold us to the highest standard -- one we are committed to meeting. In 2014, we also strengthened and deepened our efforts to help the communities we serve. For instance, Citi is committed to supporting small businesses and helping create jobs. Four years ago, we made a pledge to lend $24 billion over three years to U.S. small businesses -- a substantial increase in our small business lending -- and not only did we surpass that goal, we sustained those levels and have not

looked back. In 2014 alone, we lent another $9.2 billion to American small businesses -- almost double the amount of five years prior. All these accomplishments -- and many more -- have positioned our company well for 2015 and beyond. Yet I know full well that the future is never guaranteed. And what all of you expect -- and deserve -- is nothing less than to see these actions and investments pay off for the company's bottom line and in our share price. I'm confident that they will, and that you -- and the world -- will soon see the full potential of this franchise realized. In early February, 280 of Citi's senior leaders met for our annual gathering to set the agenda for the year. I've never left a meeting more optimistic or energized. People held their heads high and looked forward to helping create a bright future for this firm. We are all determined that 2015 will be the year when we demonstrate conclusively what our company can do. I appreciate your continued trust and confidence in me, and I strive every day to earn them. Sincerely,

Michael L. Corbat Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.

The initiative has been developed in tandem with leading national partners with demonstrated ability and capacity to implement impactful programs and support young people to transform ambition into achievement. In addition to the financial investment and technical assistance being provided by the Citi Foundation, hundreds of Citi employees have volunteered time and expertise in Pathways to Progress programs as coaches, mentors and leaders of professional skill-building workshops. This year, Pathways to Progress will expand globally to cities outside the United States.

"I applaud the Citi Foundation and its partners for putting the needs of our children first and coming together on Pathways to Progress. The innovative partnership among these organizations will help our nation's young people succeed inside and outside the classroom while strengthening and building a thriving middle class."
-- U.S. Department of Education Secretary Arne Duncan

5

