Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2015 was a pivotal year for Citi. It was defined by the tangible progress we made in a sustained effort to transform and reshape Citi into a simpler, smaller, safer and stronger institution -- more than it has been at any time since the financial crisis.
From a net income perspective, the over $17 billion we earned in 2015 made it our best year since 2006. Putting that number in context, we generated strong earnings operating as a smaller company, with a lower headcount, more focused footprint, and dramatically different mix of businesses and assets from what Citi was a decade ago. In just the last three years we have strengthened our core businesses while reducing our headcount by 28,000, assets by over $130 billion, and legal entities by over one-third. We have shrunk our branch network by nearly 30 percent and eliminated 182 operations centers, as part of our effort to establish shared service centers and mine the efficiency opportunities in our business model. Going into 2015 we set three goals for ourselves: to generate top-line growth, deliver modest positive operating leverage on our core expense base and significantly reduce the drag on earnings due to legal and repositioning costs. Even in a challenging economic environment, we achieved each of those objectives last year.
2

Our performance was driven by the discipline we applied to managing our core businesses. On a constant dollar basis, we grew our revenues by 3 percent, while keeping our core operating expenses essentially flat, and grew our loans and deposits in our core franchise each by 5 percent. We also reduced the overall size of our balance sheet and took assets in Citi Holdings down by over 40 percent from the prior year period. After completing the sale of $32 billion of assets, including OneMain Financial and our retail banking and credit card businesses in Japan, we closed out 2015 with just under $75 billion in assets in Holdings, amounting to only 4 percent of our balance sheet. More significantly, Holdings was profitable for 2015. And we are committed to keeping Holdings at least at break-even going forward. We continued to make progress utilizing our Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs). And with a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 12.1 percent and a Supplementary Leverage Ratio of 7.1 percent, our capital position comfortably exceeded the regulatory thresholds for both ratios on a fully implemented basis. Our robust capital position was instrumental in achieving a positive result from the Federal Reserve's 2015 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR). It allowed us to start returning meaningful capital to shareholders. We reduced our outstanding common shares by more than 70 million, increased our dividend and thereby returned nearly $6 billion in capital to shareholders. Passing CCAR was a meaningful milestone in becoming the Citi we want to be. It also underscored our commitment to sustaining a capital planning process that satisfies the deservedly high expectations placed on an institution of true global reach. In keeping with these expectations, we continued to invest in the compliance, control and regulatory functions critical to maintaining our license to do business.

2015 was also a year when we assessed our progress against a series of goals and financial targets I laid out three years ago, just after I became CEO. Our first goal was to generate consistent and quality earnings. We did that by focusing and reallocating our finite resources while directing targeted investments to select businesses, product offerings, markets, client and customer segments and infrastructure where we saw a clear pathway to future growth. Our second goal was to bring Citi Holdings to the breakeven point. We did that, and more. In fact, we surpassed our original goal of driving Holdings to breakeven by keeping Holdings profitable for the year. Our third goal was to utilize our Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs). We did that by consuming over $7 billion of DTAs over three years, $1.5 billion of that in 2015. All of these results contributed to our progress towards our most important aspiration: to be known as an indisputably strong and stable institution. The combination of net income, Holdings' strong performance and DTA utilization resulted in the generation of $50 billion in regulatory capital over the past three years. Our goal continues to be not only the generation of capital but also increasing the return of that capital to shareholders. At roughly the same time that we laid out those broad strategic goals we established three more specific financial targets, which we pledged to do our best to achieve within a three-year time horizon. Three years later, how did we do? Our first target was to achieve a Return on Assets (ROA) in a range of 90­110 basis points, and by reaching 94 basis points, we hit it. Our second target was to achieve a Citicorp Efficiency Ratio in the mid-fifties range. At 57 percent, we came close. And we made progress toward meeting our target of achieving a 10 percent Return on Tangible Common Equity (ROTCE). We consider the 9.2 percent return we achieved a respectable

Michael L. Corbat Chief Executive Officer

result in light of the fact that we only began to return meaningful capital to shareholders after passing CCAR last year. We remain committed to achieving an ROTCE in excess of 10 percent. Many of our efforts in recent years have been to set us up to focus on the future of our two principal businesses. In 2015 we began to shift our strategic posture from defense to offense in a number of areas, markets and businesses critical for future growth. While we remain in a difficult environment, through our expense discipline we are creating the capacity to make targeted investments in businesses that are well positioned to drive revenue growth. In our Global Consumer Bank, we continue to focus our footprint by exiting a number of markets where we couldn't see a clear path to achieving a rate of return our investors expect and deserve. We are concentrating our physical presence in high-impact locations in leading urban centers. We are keeping

pace not just with our competitors but with our clients and customers by prioritizing the rapid digitization, mobilization and seamless connectivity of basic financial transactions. We are investing in our U.S. Credit Card business and positioning it for greater and faster growth. A significant sign of the success of that strategy was our announcement that we would be partnering with Visa to be the exclusive issuer of a co-branded credit card available to more than 50 million Costco members. Citi worked with Android Pay, Apple Pay and Samsung Pay to make mobile payment solutions available to U.S. customers and teamed with MasterCard to expand global acceptance of the Citi MasterPass digital wallet. And we continue to satisfy the desire of many of our customers for a more modern physical retail experience by launching Smart Banking® branches in a number of high-growth urban centers around the world. To accelerate this

mobile-first approach, we established a new unit, Citi FinTech, to consolidate and concentrate the efforts we devote to the rapid development of a radically simple, connected mobile banking solution. In our Institutional Clients Group, we intend to build on our market share gains by continuing to focus on a comparatively smaller number of multi-national corporations, financial institutions, asset managers, hedge funds, private equity firms and public sector entities with sophisticated needs for wholesale banking products and services. Last year, we also helped facilitate a number of landmark transactions, several of them record-setting. These included First Data Corporation's $2.8 billion initial public offering, a $34 billion acquisition financing package on behalf of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (the second largest loan of the year), and our longtime client General Electric Company's $36 billion debt exchange offer, the largest transaction of its kind in history.
3

Letter to Shareholders
We are confident that we can continue to grow our Treasury and Trade Solutions business (TTS). Through the world's largest proprietary closed-loop payment network, we provide seamless connectivity to the banking systems in nearly 100 countries, facilitating some $3 trillion worth of financial flows each day in over 135 currencies. Far from seeing ourselves as a monolithic entity intent on crowding out smaller competitors, we define our role as being "scaled to serve" a specific set of clients who rely on our global network, any of whom would simply take their business to global peers if for any reason we were prevented from meeting their needs. But we don't just serve big businesses. In addition to being a leading provider of financial services to multinational corporations, last year our small business lending in the U.S. surpassed $10 billion, raising our total lending to the sector over four years to just under $40 billion. We also lent and invested nearly $5 billion in affordable housing projects in the U.S. last year, making us the number one financer in a sector crucial to strengthening communities nationwide. 2015 was also a year when we made progress in our role as one of the world's leading global citizens. Over the last year, we were able to provide many of our stakeholders -- customers, clients, nonprofit partners and the

communities around the world where we live and work -- even more tangible support of our thesis that global institutions are uniquely positioned to help society address global problems on a global scale. It's not easy to think of a greater or more daunting challenge than climate change. We announced our $100 billion Sustainable Progress initiative, furthering our long-term commitment to lend, invest and facilitate financial solutions to reduce the impact of climate change.

We also are investing in the next generation of leaders. The Citi Foundation's $50 million Pathways to Progress initiative in the U.S. is helping to close the skills gap between young prospective employees and employers by helping them to acquire the workplace and leadership skills critical to competing in a 21st century economy. More than a thousand of my Citi colleagues have donated their time and expertise to the program, which has reached more than 70,000 out of our target of 100,000 young

Citigroup -- Key Capital Metrics
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio1 Supplementary Leverage Ratio2 TBV/Share3 12.1% 10.6% 8.7% 5.4% 5.9% 10.6% 7.1%

$51.08

$55.19

$56.71

$60.61

4Q'12

4Q'13

4Q'14

4Q'15

Basel III Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) ($ Billion)
$1,206 $1,185 $1,293 $1,216

Note: Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods' presentation to conform to the current period's presentation.
1

Citigroup's Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, please refer to Slide 39 of the Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website. Citigroup's Supplementary Leverage Ratio (SLR) is a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, please refer to Slide 40 of the Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website. Tangible Book Value (TBV) per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a additional information, please refer to Slide 40 of the Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Review available on the Citigroup Investor Relations website.

2

3

10th Annual Global Community Day
During the past 10 years, Citi volunteers have participated in more than 11,000 Global Community Day activities and contributed over 2 million hours of service.

Global Community Day offers a wide range of service opportunities that harness the enthusiasm and passion of our diverse employees, with family and friends, to help meet the pressing needs of our communities. In 2015, to celebrate our 10th annual Global Community Day, more than 80,000 Citi volunteers in 487 cities spanning 93 countries and territories

4

2015 Citicorp Net Revenues1
2015 Citicorp Net Revenues: $67.6 Billion By Region

North America 48%

Europe, Middle East and Africa 16% Latin America 17%

And after spending my entire 32-year working career here at Citi, I'm both proud and convinced that the most important thing a leader can do is to work tirelessly to help create a company and a culture that all of its people -- from a diversity of backgrounds, nationalities, cultures, interests and perspectives -- are proud to go to work for each day. Last year, in furtherance of our commitment to advancing a more open and collaborative culture and holding ourselves to the highest possible ethical standards, we launched a refined Mission and Value Proposition. For the first time, all of our people can see on one page a succinct description of what we do every day at the world's global bank. You can read it on the inside cover. We also rolled out a new set of Leadership Standards, reflecting the first significant update of these important cultural, behavioral and ethical guidelines in five years. The overarching goal driving the roll-out of our new standards was to create a common language around what it means to be a leader at Citi. Looking back on our progress and performance, I would have to conclude that 2015 was a year when we saw indisputable evidence that our aspiration of returning Citi to its historic roots as the world's most admired global consumer, commercial and institutional bank is in reach. We are well positioned to navigate an environment likely to remain challenging, whether those challenges arise from market volatility, revised

growth expectations or political risk and uncertainty. We entered 2016 with a strong franchise -- a clear strategy, an enviable capital position and a balanced and tightly risk-managed portfolio designed to serve discrete sets of clients. Perhaps our greatest accomplishment wasn't quantifiable according to any metric that I am aware of. Our ongoing investment of time, energy and focus to be constantly creating (and recreating) a company and a culture that I, and my 230,000 Citi colleagues around the world, are proud to work for every day is what matters most, at the end of the day and also at the end of the year. While such things are never easy to measure, I believe that the fruits of these efforts will provide lasting contributions to society, our communities and economic growth this year, and in the years to come.

Asia 19%

By Business

Global Consumer Banking 50%

ICG Banking 26%

ICG Markets and Securities Services 24% ICG -- Institutional Clients Group
1

Sincerely,

Results exclude Corporate/Other.

people across ten cities. Buoyed by the resonance of this effort, the Foundation began to expand Pathways to Progress internationally. Pathways to Progress is just one of a number of examples I could cite of the various programs we have developed to demonstrate our value to society.

Michael L. Corbat Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc.

engaged in service activities to benefit their local communities. In the days leading up to and including Global Community Day, Citi colleagues, alumni, clients, family and friends worked side by side on more than 1,200 service projects ranging from urban revitalization to literacy and education, career readiness, environmental conservation and disaster relief.

As part of our efforts to enable progress in cities across the globe, this annual event also highlights the depth of engagement Citi has with its partners to address local issues. For example, many U.S. youth who are part of the Citi Foundation's Pathways to Progress initiative planned and participated in volunteer events in 10 cities where the initiative has been implemented.

5

