Dear Investors,
Fiscal Year 2008 was a pivotal year for our Company: With the challenges of our past behind us, we began realizing the benefits of the transformation we started three years ago, delivering solid revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. Let me share with you some highlights of the past twelve months, and our plans to build on that success in the coming year.
Our Core Business
Foremost among our priorities in Fiscal 2008 was refocusing the company on selling new software licenses. We made great progress in this regard; our sales of new licenses to new and existing customers reached their highest level in many years.
To achieve this goal, sales and marketing had to reorient their focus, but so did the development teams. For many years CA has been known for its rock-solid products, which run on mainframe and distributed platforms, and are deployed in and relied upon by the majority of companies in the Forbes Global 2000. However, as large banks, government agencies and other sophisticated users of information technology (IT) have become even more dependent on an increasingly heterogeneous IT infrastructure, they’ve come to realize that they need a company like CA to help them solve their most complex IT management problems. As IT becomes increasingly networked and virtualized, these customers need a reliable partner to help them govern, manage and secure technology
so they can better leverage IT to help their businesses innovate, compete and grow. This is CA’s great opportunity for the future, and it will allow us to continue to grow our business.
Enterprise IT Management (EITM), CA’s unique vision of using technology to automate the management of IT, is rapidly becoming a reality. EITM offers a level of integration and ability to work in a heterogeneous environment that far surpass prior IT management offerings. For
letter from the ceo
    ca annual report 2008 | page 1

   the past three years we have been deepening and broadening our appeal by enhancing our offerings and capabilities through both robust internal development and deliberate and prudent acquisitions. Today, directly and with our partners, we deliver the industry’s most comprehensive set of enterprise management software and services to customers around the world. And while we are making tremendous progress, we’ll never be satisfied. We will continue to deliver against our vision with products we build, products we acquire to broaden our capabilities and the integration of new products with the existing EITM portfolio.
Of course, we are not doing this alone. We seek out opinions and advice from our customers about how we should help them solve their problems. We involve them in defining the requirements for our products as they evolve — each of our major products benefits from
a customer advisory process. We recently created a customer group to consult with us on the future of our EITM strategy. The members of this select group, some of the largest
users of IT in the world, are looking to CA to help them automate their IT processes. They’ve made major strategic commitments to our technology, and they are helping us refine our understanding of the market opportunity, influencing our product directions, participating
in early trials of our software and acting as references for our products.
Our Operational Performance
Our revenue growth of 8% was positively influenced by three factors. First, we improved the performance of the international business; second, we strengthened our ability to manage the existing portfolio; and third, we substantially improved our ability to sell and install new software licenses.
We set out to restructure CA’s international business several years ago when we became concerned that we were not seeing optimal performance in some regions. I am pleased to report that our businesses in Europe and Latin America were up substantially from the previous year, contributing to the overall health of the business. We also completed a thorough restructuring of our operations across Asia to reduce costs and improve our effectiveness. We moved to a partner-led model in markets where we saw the potential to increase CA’s efficiency and effectiveness.
 ca annual report 2008 | page 2

letter from the ceo
At the center of our business is our large portfolio of contracts with customers. Our ability to successfully renew these contracts, at good prices, is critical to our long-term success.
In the long term, we know our success depends on our software products’ ability to continue to deliver value to our customers. To ensure this focus continues, we have organized our development and sales organizations around the mainframe and our key growth initiatives, which are areas of high customer demand where CA has leading technology: IT governance, application performance management, data center automation, IT security management, infrastructure management and service management.
Operational improvements in Fiscal 2008 included outsourcing some of our core back-office functions, continued reduction in real estate for a total of almost one million square feet and a substantial reduction in headcount. Although we think the bulk of these activities are behind us, we are going to continue to aggressively look for ways to become more efficient. To that end, we have a number of business process improvements under way that should allow us to scale our business with little incremental cost.
Finally, investors follow CA’s cash flow from operations (CFFO) very closely, and I am pleased by the year’s strong growth in this key metric, in addition to our solid earnings and revenue performance. Clearly CFFO benefited from both margin and revenue improvements, and we expect continued improvements in the years ahead as we continue to improve both our top- and bottom-line performance.
Our Future
As I stated earlier, CA’s core business is helping organizations manage their complex IT operations more efficiently and more effectively. Every indication I have is that the rate new technology is being introduced into the enterprise will continue unabated, bringing with it increasing complexity through the explosion of devices even further out at the edge of the network. This, in turn, will increase the need for technology to help organizations govern, manage and secure their IT infrastructures. This is especially true as organizations depend more and more on IT to run important business processes at the same time as they contend with increasing regulatory obligations.
    ca annual report 2008 | page 3

   This leads me to see a bright future for CA in the data center. However, as the world becomes increasingly networked, I also see other opportunities to apply CA’s products
and expertise to industries as diverse as health care, power distribution, automobiles and telecommunications. Each of these industries is in the process of distributing intelligent, IP addressable devices as an integral part of its business. In doing so, they will have the same requirements as IT to govern, manage and secure those devices, but on an even larger scale. With CA’s products used today by the world’s largest and most sophisticated IT users to manage their networks of computing devices, we believe we are ideally suited to work with a whole new generation of networked devices. We are starting these initiatives in a very small way today in pilots with some leading users.
I trust that you, too, can see why I believe CA’s future is exciting and why we believe we are in a strong position to capitalize on the opportunities in the marketplace. The foundation of our future is being built today by our talented people, who are guided by an unwavering commitment to our customers.
We head into Fiscal 2009 with strong momentum, excellent technology and an exceptional team. I look forward to sharing our success with you in the years ahead.
Thank you for your continued support.
John A. Swainson Chief Executive Officer
  ca annual report 2008 | page 4
