MAINFRAME
CA Technologies earned a “Strong Positive” rating for Mainframe Modernization in Gartner’s vendor rating for CA Technologies.
Gartner, Inc.; “Vendor Rating: CA Technologies”; Cameron Haight, et al; March 6, 2013*
The Navy Federal Credit Union improved quality of service for over 3 million customers while reducing costs with
CA Technologies DB2 Tools.
CA Technologies Annual Report 2013
                             Dear Fellow Shareholder:
The evolution of the Information Technology (IT) industry accelerated in fiscal 2013, driven by disruptive technology trends. Mobility, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Big Data and cloud computing are transforming the way our customers do business and the expectations they have for CA Technologies. They are depending on us to help them take advantage of these trends so they can respond faster to demands for new services, manage the quality of services, increase efficiency and reduce risk.
This is a unique time for CA Technologies to lead. While we made progress in fiscal 2013, we need to accelerate our innovation and help customers understand the power of the cloud the same way we have done—and will continue to do—for mainframe and distributed environments.
CA Technologies reported $4.6 billion in revenue for fiscal 2013, GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.07, and $1.4 billion in cash flow from continuing operations.
I am confident that we have the foundation to move faster and to continue to increase the value we deliver to our customers, partners, shareholders and employees. I joined the company in January because I see so much potential in CA Technologies—a company that knows more about managing and securing IT infrastructure, applications, data and identities than anyone else in the business. Today, I am more convinced of this than ever. We have talented and passionate people, a strong product portfolio, world-class research and development, global distribution and many enviable customer relationships.

 
                IT BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
CA Technologies is rated a “Strong Positive” in the Gartner MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications.
Gartner, Inc., “MarketScope for IT Project and Portfolio Management Software Applications,” Daniel B. Stang and Robert A. Handler,
May 14, 2013*
Manpower cut costs by 15% and reduced downtime and call volumes with CA Service Desk Manager.
CA Technologies Annual Report 2013
                                    Innovation, Execution and Speed
To realize our full potential, CA Technologies needs to be on a path of intelligent growth, reflecting thoughtful decision-making and financial discipline. After more than three decades in this business, we need to augment our world-class maintenance oriented business model by driving new innovation into our customer base, as well as focusing on new customers. This will help strengthen our core revenue streams and bring us closer to both new and existing customers by being their trusted partner for managing infrastructure, applications and security for mainframe, distributed and cloud platforms.
As IT professionals continue to move data and applications to mobile devices and the cloud, our strengths in management and security will become even more valuable. To grow, we need to partner more effectively with our customers to capture more business value. This means taking advantage of technology trends and new IT business models by introducing innovative and differentiated solutions into existing and new customers.
To make this happen, we have three priorities: innovation, execution and speed.
Innovation is about increasing the organic development of products that are easy to use, implement and integrate with our other products, as well as investing in innovation that sets us apart from our competitors. This does not mean we will not make targeted, strategic acquisitions where it makes sense to strengthen our portfolio, but clearly, we need more homegrown innovation and development.
Execution is saying what we are going to do and then doing what we say. It is also about finding ways to compete and win, not only against our traditional competitors, but also against innovative, fast-growing startups.
Speed is not simply about going faster. It is about using critical thinking and a sense of urgency to make things happen.

 
                                 SECURITY
CA Technologies is positioned in the Leaders Quadrant of Gartner, Inc.’s User Authentication Magic Quadrant.
Gartner, Inc., “Magic Quadrant for User Authentication,” Ant Allan, March 7, 2013*
HMS has more than 13,000 user accounts being managed via
CA Technologies security solutions, with about 7,000 users being authenticated daily using CA SiteMinder.®
CA Technologies Annual Report 2013
            Five Focus Areas
Guided by our priorities, strengths and market opportunities, we have identified five focus areas aligned to our core capabilities:
Mainframe: As the mainstay of many of our customers’ businesses, it is essential to ours
IT Business Management: Helps customers tie IT strategy and investments to business results
Security: Helps customers securely link employees, customers and partners to new business services
Application Delivery: Integrates and automates development and operations to create, test and deliver applications in a fraction of the time
Service Assurance: Keeps services up and running by monitoring, managing and analyzing the performance of applications and infrastructure
With intellectual property and market share in each of these core areas, we can help customers respond to growing demands for increased speed, agility and flexibility.
                                                             
 
 APPLICATION DELIVERY
“The DevOps movement is touted as the answer to business innovation.”
Ovum, “A new broom at CA Technologies signals a shift in focus, a drive to change the IT management market.”
Roy Illsley, May 2013
DirecTV uses CA LISA® for end-to-end testing of their applications to speed up the development process and bring products to market faster for their 27 million subscribers in the Americas.
A Big Opportunity
We have a big opportunity to grow our company in a smart, considered way. We are retooling CA Technologies to free up resources and to invest in areas of growth for our future, with the goal of achieving leading market share in all our segments. And we are combining the best of our existing technology with cloud computing, SaaS, mobility and Big Data to help our customers become even more competitive.
Over the coming years, we will draw on what has helped make CA Technologies great: smart, dedicated people who are passionate about technology, our customers and the communities in which we live and work. We will continue our award-winning sustainability initiatives that help our customers and CA Technologies reduce greenhouse gas emissions and better manage energy. We will also continue to give our time and resources—as employees did in fiscal 2013 by volunteering more than 11,000 hours—to help others in need.
CA Technologies Annual Report 2013

 
         CA Technologies Annual Report 2013
     SERVICE ASSURANCE
IDC ranked CA Technologies the #1 market share leader in the Network Management Software and Appliance market (based on CY2011 revenues).
IDC, Worldwide Network Management Software and Appliance 2012-2017 Forecast and 2010 and 1H11 Vendor Shares, Document #233296, March, 2012
Fujitsu Australia utilizes Service Assurance Solutions from
CA Technologies to proactively manage IT, automate processes to safeguard service level agreements, minimize costs and improve customer satisfaction.
                   There has never been a
better time to be in the
technology business.
The opportunities grow larger every year, and it is our goal to take advantage of them on behalf of our customers, partners and shareholders. The more time I spend with our team, the more I realize that they are just as excited about the future as I am—and just as committed to accelerating innovation, execution and speed to drive future growth. Our challenge now is to turn that commitment into results.
Thank you for your continued support.
Michael P. Gregoire Chief Executive Officer CA Technologies
 