Dear fellow investors:
Just over 18 months ago, we embarked on a strategy to help customers gain the advantages of emerging technologies like virtualization and cloud computing. We recognized that customers were looking for ways to become more efficient and agile, and that our deep experience managing, securing and automating complex information technology could help them achieve those goals. What we couldn’t have appreciated at that time was just how rapidly customers would embrace these new technologies.
Over the past year our industry has evolved significantly, with the changing business requirements of our customers worldwide driving greater demand for virtualization, cloud computing and software-as-a-service (SaaS).
Throughout the year, we continued to execute on our corporate strategy by combining key technology acquisitions with organic development, strong existing products and decades of expertise. This is enabling us to optimize our portfolio of solutions and services for large and emerging enterprises, extend our reach to new geographic markets and tap new opportunities to grow our business.
Today, we’re focused on helping all of our customers manage, secure and automate IT in any environment—from physical, to virtual, to cloud. With CA Technologies, our customers can reliably deliver more flexible IT services and, in turn, offer new products, improve service and compete better.

    We’re delivering
During the fiscal year, we invested approximately $1 billion in order to acquire and develop technology that helps customers meet changing business demands. For example, our purchase of Arcot Systems,
Inc. enables us to offer second-level authentication through a cloud-based security service. We expanded the breadth of our consulting capabilities with the addition of 4Base Technology, Inc., specializing in virtualization and cloud infrastructure. And, we developed and introduced Nimsoft Unified Manager, which combines both infrastructure monitoring and service management in a single on-premise or SaaS solution. These are just a few examples of how we are delivering innovative IT solutions that differentiate our portfolio and bring greater value to our customers.
This acquisition and development approach is also building our business. In fiscal 2011, we reported revenue growth to $4.4 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth to $1.60 and cash flow from continuing operations growth to $1.4 billion.
 2011 revenue growth
$4.4 billion Customers first
 Our goal is to be the strategic partner customers rely on to adopt new technologies, while also realizing the most value from their existing IT investments. Regardless of organization size, industry or geography, our customers share common challenges. They need flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities and adaptability to quickly address business challenges. They need to manage and secure their infrastructures and manage costs. They want and need IT to be a competitive differentiator.
  4 | Letter from CEO

    Today, CA Technologies is well positioned to fulfill these needs by improving the efficiency of customers’ current physical IT investments, and helping them capitalize on the promise of virtualization and cloud computing. We do this across multiple platforms and applications. We aren’t tied to any one technology stack and we aren’t distracted by selling hardware or middleware. This independence sets us apart and enables us to partner with our customers to address the complex realities of their heterogeneous
IT environments.
“We consider CA Technologies a strategic partner that offers a practical, efficient and realistic approach to meeting our business objectives.”
Marc Probst
Intermountain Healthcare CIO
Our customers are noticing, including Intermountain Healthcare, a nonprofit system of hospitals, surgery centers, doctors, clinics, and homecare and hospice providers. Like other healthcare providers, they are under pressure to operate within strict regulations and deliver high-quality care at lower costs. Intermountain Healthcare works with CA Technologies to use IT to manage growth, increase satisfaction at its clinics and help reduce capital costs by 25 percent. “We consider CA Technologies a strategic partner that offers a practical, efficient and realistic approach to meeting our business objectives,” said Intermountain Healthcare CIO Marc Probst.
    5 | Letter from CEO
 
    Extending our reach
We are expanding beyond our base of large enterprise customers to emerging enterprises—organizations that range from $300 million to $2 billion in revenue. Likewise, we are expanding into growth markets, especially Latin America and Asia Pacific. These customers—particularly managed service providers which offer outsourced applications and services—are quickly adopting easily implemented SaaS-based solutions. We are addressing this market with offerings like our turnkey cloud computing platform from our 3Tera, Inc., acquisition, and our SaaS monitoring and service management solution from Nimsoft.
To date, we now serve more than 400 managed service providers around the world.
“3Tera AppLogic made building our business as easy
as flipping a switch to design, build, deploy and manage our customers’ entire Internet infrastructures.”
Todd Abrams
Founder and executive vice president of Layered Tech
Todd Abrams, founder and executive vice president of Layered Tech, knows firsthand the benefits of having access to powerful technology such as CA 3Tera AppLogic. Layered Tech is a leader in compliance-based managed hosting services with data centers in the United States, Europe and Japan. “3Tera AppLogic made building our business as easy as flipping a light switch to design, build, deploy and manage our customers’ entire Internet infrastructures,” Abrams said. “That design-to-deploy timeframe was reduced 30 percent using AppLogic. Plus, 3Tera increased the operational productivity of our infrastructure group.”
    6 | Letter from CEO

   Our commitment
The increased demand for emerging technologies we’ve seen over the past year, reinforced by the engagements we have with customers all over the world, confirms to us that our strategy is the right one. We will continue to be on the cutting edge of developing and delivering the technologies customers need to manage, secure and automate their IT infrastructures, and we will help customers get the most value from their technology investments.
While we have made great strides in our journey, we are not finished. We must consistently execute on behalf of our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We must become the strategic partner customers rely on to help them turn IT into a competitive advantage. Achieving these goals depends on a simple focus: delighting our customers. That is the commitment of each and every one
of our more than 13,000 employees worldwide.
In June 2011, we celebrated our 35th anniversary. While our company has changed significantly from those early days, our commitment to customers has not. I would like to express my appreciation to all our employees around the world who have done so much to bring us this far. We believe that the best is yet to come, and we are excited about the prospects of the next 35 years and beyond.
Thank you for your continued support,
William E. McCracken
Chief Executive Officer CA Technologies
    7 | Letter from CEO
 