  CHAIRMAN AND CEO’S LETTER
DEAR FELLOW INVESTOR:
For us, Fiscal 2003 was all about seeking higher standards and better execution in everything we do. In a very challenging economic environment — particularly in the Information Technology (IT) sector — Computer Associates (CA) is appealing to customers who are increasingly focused and disciplined in their infrastructure technology decisions. As a result, we must be as flexible as what the future will demand of us in order to build long-term partnerships that deliver value and continue to drive CA’s success.
This past year, we appealed to customers by increasing our market presence in three ways. First, we offer the software industry’s most comprehensive and innovative management solutions. Second, our business model makes it easier for customers to license, install and run our software based on their own spe- cific needs and their own specific environments. Finally, we foster a company culture that puts customers at the center of everything we do. In short, we demonstrate flexibility on behalf of our customers and are building value in CA.

 The power of our approach was reflected in increased revenues, increased number of overall license transac- tions and increased customer satisfaction. We grew
in some of the most important measures of financial
On a more encouraging note, CA’s enterprise manage- ment solutions, which provide compelling, long-term returns on investment, are enjoying stronger demand. Also, the security challenge that corporations face continues to be a topic of great interest from the data center to the boardroom. This provides a great oppor- tunity for CA’s highly competitive security offerings.
In response to shifting market dynamics and demands, we reorganized and redirected two key parts of our business during the past six months. We did this to help ensure that our professional services and indirect, or channel, operations are better prepared to meet
the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. To enhance our ability to execute in these areas, we reorganized the work force and management teams. We believe these improvements position CA to take advantage of what we hope is an improving economic environment, while delivering more value to our customers.
We are fortunate for the seasoned management team that is carrying our company forward as we strive to be one of the most flexible, efficient enterprise software companies.
health. We increased fiscal 2003 revenues 5 percent to $3.12 bil- lion, narrowed our GAAP loss to $0.46 per share and generated $1.31 billion in cash from oper- ations, an increase of 5 percent over the previous year.
While we are encouraged by our progress, we recognize the economic challenges we face in sectors such as information management tools and storage management solutions. Customers’ demand for these offerings continues to be tempered, at least in the short term, by their own economic concerns and con- sequent budget constraints. Our role is to be realistic, while being prepared for longer-term opportunities.
 TOMMY ROBERT B. IRA WAI GREGORY STEVEN M. ANDREW NANCY SANJAY CHARLIE BENNETT LAMM ZAR WONG CORGAN WOGHIN GOODMAN BHAGAT KUMAR HOLLERAN
  
Going forward, we believe our business model gives us the flexibility to continue driving innovation in our business and technology.
PUTTING CUSTOMERS FIRST
Over the past three years, we have refitted and retooled nearly every aspect of our business to better serve our customers. In the past 12 months alone, we branded the way we sell our solutions as FlexSelect LicensingSM, created a new organization — CA Technology Services — to provide customers with exceptional technical expertise, and evolved our CustomerConnectSM family of continuous, web-based support.
With FlexSelect Licensing, customers have access to CA’s software solutions on affordable and flexible terms. After more than two years, customers are telling us they not only appreciate our unrivaled licensing flexibility, but they also view it as a competitive edge for CA. Wall Street analyst firm CIBC World Markets
Corp. says that FlexSelect Licensing “promotes goodwill, as clients view CA as more customer-centric in showing flexibility to their needs and a greater commitment to the relationship.” Equity research firm FTN Midwest Research notes that “CA’s new business model fits right into today’s tight IT spending environment. By making its products easier to buy, CA not only is poised to gain market share, but will likely also win goodwill with its customers.” We believe that our model will become the standard for our industry in
the years ahead.
By combining our technical pre-sales and professional services organizations, CA Technology Services con- nects our technical experts with potential customers from the initial interaction through the life of the project. We are now able to deliver valuable product and service breadth and depth, and respond quickly to new business opportunities that result from our closer relationships.
 RUSSELL M. UNA STEPHEN MARK FRANK KEVIN GARY MARY YOGESH GARY ARTZT O’NEILL RICHARDS COMBS YANG LONG QUINN STRAVINSKAS GUPTA STARKEY
  
 4 | CA ANNUAL REPORT | 2003
On a tactical level, we now offer customers the flex- ibility to download and pay for software, receive technical assistance and manage their accounts all from their computers through CustomerConnect.
All our efforts are aimed at making it easier for customers to do business with CA. Based on what customers are telling us, our efforts are making a differ- ence and helping CA stand out from the competition.
SETTING A HIGHER STANDARD
Throughout the year, we remained committed to setting the highest standards of quality in everything we do.
In 2000, CA became the first enterprise software company to achieve worldwide certification with ISO 9002:1994 for quality in more than 200 offices and 40 countries by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). This was a tremendous achievement for CA, and it was only the beginning. In 2003, CA achieved global ISO 9001:2000 certification for our quality management system used by all CA operations worldwide.
Our pursuit of “gold-standard” quality is also apparent in our continued focus on corporate governance.
During the year, Robert B. Lamm joined CA as Director of Corporate Governance, a new position responsible for the ongoing development and implementation
of corporate governance programs and policies. Also during the year, the CA Board of Directors adopted state-of-the-art corporate governance principles designed to achieve strong Board oversight and align- ment with shareholder interests. The Board established a lead independent director position and elected Lewis S. Ranieri, founder of Hyperion Partners, to fill it.
Related to Board composition, it is with great sadness that I note the passing, in January 2003, of distinguished Board member Thomas H. Wyman, former Chairman and CEO of CBS Inc.
During the year,
the CA Board of Directors adopted state-of-the-art corporate governance principles designed to achieve strong Board oversight and alignment with shareholder interests.
We continued to seek out highly
qualified individuals
to serve, and in May 2003,
former EDS Vice Chairman, Gary J. Fernandes,
was elected to the Board.
As we move forward, we are fortunate that our key Board committees are guided by seasoned profes- sionals and recognized industry experts. Our Human Resources and Compensation Committee is headed by Lewis S. Ranieri; the Corporate Governance and Nom- inating Committee by Harvard University’s renowned corporate governance expert Jay W. Lorsch; and our Audit Committee by Walter P. Schuetze, former chief accountant to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In addition, the Company set term limits for inde- pendent directors, adopted strict rules prohibiting the repricing of stock options (even though we have never repriced options in our history), and took the lead in the technology sector by announcing CA would begin to expense stock options, effective April 1, 2003. Finally, by filing our Form 10-Q and Form 10-K reports within hours of our earnings releases — no simple task — CA has enhanced the timing of its financial disclo- sures. Not only are we pursuing the gold standard
in all that we do, in some instances we are clearly defining the gold standard.
On a separate note, we continue to cooperate fully with the previously reported investigations being con- ducted by the government. We are hopeful that they will be resolved in a timely manner.
DELIVERING THE “RIGHT” TECHNOLOGY
Looking ahead, we see a shift in the enterprise soft- ware business. For several decades, IT industry growth

  has been technology driven, because each new inno- vation would spur a new round of buying.
With customers expecting a return from every IT dollar, technology providers can no longer rely on buyers’ insatiable demand for the latest thing. New technology will need to offer real solutions to real business problems. Successful IT companies will have to truly understand a customer’s business, determine what solutions will help that customer operate more effec- tively and develop the “right” technologies that enable the customer to succeed.
On-demand computing is a case in point. It’s a vision for computing in which businesses access computing capacity and power in the same way they do electricity. This approach would solve three significant problems for customers — responsiveness, inefficiency and cost.
Most businesses today are dealing with multiple plat- forms, multiple solutions from multiple vendors and a host of challenges as they work to integrate legacy sys- tems. The goal of on-demand computing is to hide that complexity and enable customers to quickly respond
to changing business requirements. Customers will ultimately benefit from systems that have the ability to recognize — dynamically and automatically — which resources are at capacity, scour the enterprise for avail- able resources and configure them to handle the task at hand. This would happen in a matter of hours — or even minutes — in a reliable and repeatable manner with little chance for error.
We believe the key to on-demand computing is management software.
Customers don’t need to replace their IT infrastruc- tures to benefit from on-demand computing. They need a way to better manage their current resources. CA is well positioned to help them. For a quarter of a century, we have applied our management capabilities to meet an ever-escalating demand for integrated solutions to manage IT needs.
We will never tire of searching for truly innovative solutions to changing business demands.
In April 2003, CA announced a host of solutions within our Unicenter® brand to manage on-demand computing. We will expand our managing on-demand offerings to include our BrightStor® and eTrustTM brands. As the market evolves, we plan to apply our core enterprise management, security and storage strengths to pursue the next phase of on-demand computing.
In the near term, we continue to develop and deliver technologies that help customers run their businesses effectively today.
In closing, I want to thank the women and men of CA, who have worked so hard to ensure our Company’s continued success, and offer a special thanks to our leadership team, whose vision and determination are helping us chart a course to future growth.
In addition, I want to acknowledge the innumerable contributions of our founder, Charles B. Wang, who retired last fall. We are fortunate to be able to build upon a strong foundation that he helped create. We will honor his legacy by continuing the rich tradition of community service in which he strongly believed.
2004 is going to be an exciting year for CA and one of great opportunity. Given the tremendous dynamics of our industry, we will continue to be as flexible as what the future will demand of us, in order to build value for our customers, our employees and our shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support.
Sanjay Kumar
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 CA ANNUAL REPORT | 2003 | 5
