CA TECHNOLOGIES ANNUAL REPORT 2012
         Included in Forbes’ list World’s
100 Most Innovative
Companies July 2011
      William E. McCracken
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Investors:
Fiscal 2012 underscored the CA Technologies commitment to consistently deliver outstanding solutions and services to our customers, strong revenue growth, margin improvement and attractive, sustainable returns to CA Technologies shareholders.
Nearly three years ago, we set a strategy aimed at helping customers gain the most from their existing IT investments, while at the same time benefiting from exciting new technologies and business services that deliver a competitive advantage.
We made a series of strategic acquisitions, and made significant investments in development to produce a portfolio of solutions and services that leverage our heritage in IT management. We also invested in new routes to market and enhanced our presence in geographies with growth opportunities around the world.
Today CA Technologies customers not only benefit from the increased productivity, efficiency and flexibility that our technology enables, but they are also using our software as a foundation for new models that are radically changing how they are doing business.
As a result, in fiscal 2012, we reported revenue growth to $4.8 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth to $1.90 and cash flow from continuing operations growth to $1.5 billion.
We enter fiscal 2013 in a better position than ever to serve our customers, build our business for the long term and reward our shareholders.

Serving Customers Well
Our approach is to partner with our customers, understand what they need to do to run their business and design their IT environments to successfully deliver those business outcomes.
Already, 90 of the Fortune 100 companies use our mainframe solutions to manage their businesses. While many run critical applications on a mainframe, these customers also are working with us to drive business value from emerging technologies — like virtualization and automation, cloud computing and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) — to gain competitive advantages.
We build our software and deliver services to help solve real business challenges. And our approach, Business Service Innovation, is designed to enable customers to transition from just maintaining their IT systems to delivering new, innovative services efficiently and in real time.
   2 Whether it is reaching new markets, developing new revenue streams, driving revenue growth or creating better user experiences; CA Technologies helps customers respond faster to business demands for new services, manage the quality of services, increase efficiency and reduce risk. This approach appeals not only to our existing set of large enterprise customers where we continue to sell new software and services, but also gives us an opportunity to drive growth with new customers in both large enterprise and growth markets.
Over 6,000 IT management experts from around the world attended CA World 2011.
          CA Technologies is
ranked #11 in the computer software industry for Fortune Magazine’s Most Admired Companies
for 2011
    Computerworld named
CA Technologies one of 2011 100 Best Places to Work in IT, which recognizes top organizations that challenge their IT staffs, while providing great benefits and compensation
      
CA TECHNOLOGIES ANNUAL REPORT 2012
     CA Technologies solutions make it possible for customers to watch TV, check email or interact with in-room services on a Royal Caribbean Cruise
CA Technologies and Boys & Girls Clubs of America partner to help girls cultivate an interest in IT through the Tech Girls Rock initiative.
CA World 2011 attendees heard from
many industry experts including Jonathan Brown, TechTarget; Matt Strazza and Robert Machnacki, CA Technologies Services;
and Rob Davies, Base Technologies.
       Sprint is a good example of Business Service Innovation at work. As one of the largest wireless carriers 3 with 56 million customers throughout North America, Sprint wanted to increase efficiency. We helped
Sprint simplify its IT infrastructure by eliminating 2,000 applications, virtualizing another 1,400 and
doubling the capacity of servers — saving the company more than $20 million in approximately 30 months.
For other customers, we are moving beyond gains in productivity to offer a whole new way to run a business. International Game Technology (IGT), a gaming industry pioneer, is providing value to its customers by focusing on the rapid assembly and delivery of innovative business services. Using CA Technologies Business Service Innovation and CA AppLogic®, our turnkey cloud platform, IGT is delivering its advanced casino software as a service through the cloud, providing flexible, new opportunities for casino owners to connect with their players and capitalize on scalable services.
For growth market companies with revenues between $300 million and $2 billion, we offer our Nimsoft Unified Manager, backup and recovery solutions, and SaaS-based solutions. In addition to direct sales in these growth markets, we are capitalizing on go-to-market opportunities with managed service providers like Rackspace. At Rackspace, Fanatical Support® has made them a service leader in delivering enterprise-level hosting services to businesses of all sizes and kinds around the world. Rackspace uses our technology to monitor and meet agreed upon service levels for approximately
50 of their most valuable customers within their critical sites.
   
4
Our SasS delivery platform is also opening opportunities in geographies with growth potential for CA Technologies. For example, Net One Systems in Japan selected Nimsoft, our multi-tenant IT Management-as-a-Service solution, to be the platform of choice for future business services for its XoC managed operations center — one of the country’s largest.
We will continue to expand our business and help customers take advantage of new technologies and business services that deliver competitive advantages by changing the way customers accelerate, transform and secure IT.
A Strong Roadmap
As new technologies emerge and customer needs increase, we are ready. We plan to continue to grow organically and through targeted acquisitions where it makes sense, staying on top of trends and enhancing and adding to our portfolio to serve our expanding customer base now and in the future.
To make the most of our opportunities, we intend to drive more growth and more profit from each
dollar we invest. We continue to focus on expanding our operating margins through improved execution, increased efficiency and sales growth. As part of this effort, we have added new quota-carrying sales representatives, both to our direct sales and telesales teams. They are focused on acquiring customers who have never done business with us, or who have only a limited exposure to the solutions and services we can provide. We have also aligned ourselves internally to more effectively support these sales and increase accountability.
   Our security solutions protect the identities of over
150 million
users
worldwide
 CA Technologies solutions enable every point-of-sale transaction for global retail giant Tesco
     
We are continuing to systematically improve productivity and efficiency in our organization. This includes our focus on sustainability. In 2011, CA Technologies was named a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes, both World and North America, and ranked ninth out of 500 in Newsweek’s 2011 Green Rankings of U.S. companies. We use our CA ecoSoftware to manage and track sustainability initiatives across our organization and are committed to leading by example.
In a February 2012 report[1] issued by industry vendor Gartner Inc., CA Technologies received an overall “positive” rating based on the company’s strategy, products/services, technology/methodology and financial structure.
Bold Rewards
By serving an expanding base of customers well, we have built a strong financial model and are well positioned to continue to enhance shareholder returns. In January, CA Technologies announced a bold new capital allocation program to return approximately $2.5 billion to shareholders through fiscal year 2014. This new capital allocation program includes $1.5 billion in authorized share repurchases and a five-fold increase in our annual dividend to $1.00 per share.
This program underscores our Board of Directors and management team’s confidence in our long-term business outlook and ability to consistently generate free cash flow. It is an important part of how we are balancing our business: increasing shareholder returns while investing in our business aimed at driving growth for the long-term.
[1] Gartner “Vendor Rating: CA Technologies” by Cameron Haight et al, February 2, 2012. 5 Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only
those vendors with the highest ratings. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be
construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of
merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose.
CA TECHNOLOGIES ANNUAL REPORT 2012
      
 6
Customer success and financial performance have not happened by chance. Our people are the heart of who we are as a company and the key to our success. The approximately 13,600 men and women of
CA Technologies are driving our company forward. And, we believe in making the most of every employee’s talent and potential on behalf of our customers, and in the communities where we live and work. In fact, thousands of employees gave more than 10,000 hours of community service in more than 20 countries throughout the year.
While we have more work to do, we are continuing on the journey we began more than a year ago to transform the culture of our company into one of unparalleled passion for performance. I know we can do it.
We all remain committed to the game-changing technology solutions and attractive financial returns CA Technologies is capable of delivering for our customers and for our shareholders.
I would like to acknowledge the hard work of our people. CA Technologies success is their success. Thank you for your continued support,
 William E. McCracken
Chief Executive Officer CA Technologies
top 10
greenest companies in the U.S. for 2011
   Today, our customers include:
20 of 20 top global banks
13 of 15 top financial data services companies 11 of 12 top aerospace and defense companies 10 of 10 largest federal agencies
5 of top 5 telecom companies
11 of 12 top automakers
9 of 10 top pharmaceutical companies
Newsweek named us in their list of the
     