DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
If you read the headlines this past year, it should be obvious that right now we are in the midst of a tremendous business-transforming revolution made possible by the Internet. This eBusiness revolution is moving at lightning speed, driving some businesses to rapid and unprecedented success. I'm pleased to report that we ended this fiscal year in our strongest financial position ever. We experienced net revenue growth of 31% and grew our net income (excluding special charges) to over $1.5 billion, an increase of 17% versus last year. We continue to run a very profitable business. EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and special charges) was over $3.3 billion, and we generated cash from operations of over $1.5 billion.

With the acquisition of PLATINUM technology International, inc. and Sterling Software, Inc. this past year, two of the largest acquisitions in the history of the software industry, we gained key technologies in the areas of portals, business intelligence, application development, and infrastructure management that will blend with our products and services to enhance our ability to deliver complete eBusiness solutions.

We also strategically combined our own experience and technologies with the expertise of other leading companies to give us an edge in expanding into growing eBusiness market segments, such as the Application Service Provider (ASP) and Business-to-Business (B2B) markets.

Both these areas promise significant opportunities as businesses increase their dependence on Web applications to extend their reach outside their enterprise to customers, suppliers, and partners alike. Our joint ventures with companies such as The Acer Group, Korea Telecom Hitel, Shanghai Telecom, Satyam Computer Services, Cable and Wireless HKT, and Nissho Iwai Corporation (NIC) leverage our collective expertise and establish a strong presence in these expanding areas.

From my perspective, however, success in the marketplace is only one way to measure CA. An equally important measurement -- especially in terms of our strength for the future -- is our ability to attract and keep the best IT professionals in the industry. And we are succeeding in this area as well. Not only do our employees demon-

This year we hope to further build on our past success and capitalize on the new opportunities presented by eBusiness and the Internet.

strate their expertise and commitment to excellence on a regular basis, but we also receive numerous accolades for our progressive work environment, competitive salaries, employee benefits, and training programs.

Around the world, companies are frantically trying to understand how to put eBusiness to work for them -- immediately. Because to survive during this revolution, let alone to succeed during it, there are two things organizations absolutely must do: they have to move fast, and they have to get it right. It's critical that they do both, because doing it wrong quickly is just as bad as taking forever to get it right.

I'm particularly proud of CA's first-place rating for social responsibility in FORTUNE magazine's survey, because it recognizes our long-standing commitment to humanitarian ventures. This commitment goes beyond the 200% matching contribution we make for any employee's charitable contribution. As a company, CA contributes to, and provides technological support for specific nonprofits such as the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, The Smile Train, the Make-A-Wish Foundation,® and Habitat for Humanity. We do this because we

We all understand what it means to be fast, but what does getting it right really mean? It means using visualization and dynamic intelligence to provide customers with a unique experience. It means integrating all business systems to make the entire process seamless from the customer's perspective. And it means having a 100% reliable and secure eBusiness environment, even over the Internet. At CA, we have the technologies, products, and services that ensure our customers can achieve these goals -- fast. CA is uniquely able to provide our clients with a comprehensive solution to their eBusiness needs.

believe that along with our success comes a responsibility to our global community. And we take this commitment just as seriously as we take the commitment to our customers and to our employees.

As we speed ahead delivering the promise of eBusiness to our customers, these commitments won't change. We'll continue to innovate and to form alliances with other companies to bring the best technology at the best value to our customers. We'll continue to provide our exceptionally talented personnel with the best work environment and benefits. And, we'll continue to share our success with worthy humanitarian groups.

Jasmine®

ii, our eBusiness platform, provides a sound basis for the seamlessly integrated eBusiness
I want to thank you, as always, for your past support and hope that the following pages will help you understand the vision we have for eBusiness and the technologies we deliver that will help guarantee our customers are strong, successful participants in the eBusiness revolution. With their success will come CA's success

solutions our customers need. Combined with the dynamic intelligence of Neugents,TM our patented neural network technology, Jasmine ii gives us a strong presence in the dynamic eBusiness market.

And thanks to interBiz,TM the CA eBusiness application division designed to assist clients, suppliers, and partners in capitalizing on eCommerce business opportunities, these products are deployed by BizWorks,TM the eBusiness Intelligence Suite, to provide integrated applications to this demanding market.

as we work to enhance your shareholder value.

Very truly yours,

The Unicenter TNG® family continues to be the industry-leading enterprise management solution for managing Web infrastructures. Its Neugents technology provides intelligent analysis and predictive abilities that give our customers the edge when it comes to critical areas, such as resource management, reliability, and performance. And, eTrustTM addresses the critical need for end-to-end Internet security. All of these systems management areas are, of course, all that much more important in this new eBusiness world. Charles B. Wang Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Computer Associates International, Inc.

