                Fellow Shareholders,
FY13 was a successful and transformational year for ConAgra Foods. We’ve positioned ourselves for growth, both through acquisition and a strong focus on our base business. In FY13, we:
• Completed the purchase of Ralcorp, becoming the largest private brand food company in North America.
• Delivered double-digit EPS1 growth,. and expect to continue delivering double-digit EPS1 growth annually through FY17.
• Generatedapproximately$1.4billionincashflows from operations.
• Madesignificantprogresstowardourlong-termdebt reduction goal.
• Raisedourannualdividendrateto$1pershare, which we expect to maintain.
In FY12, we introduced our Recipe for Growth — our strategic roadmap for how we operate our business and deliver shareholder value. We established five key areas of focus for driving our business forward — Core/ Adjacencies, International, Private Brands, People and Citizenship.
In FY13, we took a big leap forward in delivering on those strategies. The acquisition of Ralcorp is a transformational move for our company, and a catalyst for our growth.
Our Consumer Foods business successfully added the P.F.Chang’s® andBertolli® frozenmealbusinessestothe portfolio, broadening our reach in the frozen aisle.
The Commercial Foods segment was a significant growth driver for us in FY13. All of our Commercial Foods businesses delivered strong results in FY13 with operating profit up 16 percent for the segment. This was driven entirely through organic growth.
We grew tremendously in FY13 through both acquisition and strong performance from our core businesses. Now the table is set for us to accelerate further growth from within. I’m excited to share my thoughts with you over the next few pages. We’ve created the right mix in our portfolio, and we are confident in our capabilities to deliver double-digit EPS1 growth through FY17.
core/ adjacencies
international
private brands
people citizenship
The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 1
                  1 Reflects diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability.

                                                                                                                                                                       2 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
Developing
private brands
The private brands business is a substantial and sustainable growth opportunity. Consumers continue to look to private brands for quality and value, and our customers look to private brands to differentiate their offerings and deliver compelling value to their
           A combination of consumer brands + private brands + foodservice = The Right Mix
shoppers. These are
not our parents’ plain label products. These
are truly managed as brands, with shopper insights, innovation and merchandising. That means a consumer packaged goods company — like ConAgra Foods — with scale and supply chain expertise is advantaged in this space.
we are better positioned when it comes to product sourcing and supply chain efficiencies. We’ve already begun to realize some of these synergies and expect to continue to identify additional sales-related opportunities as the integration progresses. We expect to achieve $300 million in annual cost savings by the end of FY17.
Private brands growth has consistently outperformed that of branded food for the
With the acquisition of Ralcorp complete, we’ve increased our annualized net sales of private brand products fourfold, making us the largest private brand food company in North America. Having successfully integrated prior acquisitions of private brand nutrition bar, pretzel and pita chip businesses into our existing private brands capabilities, the addition of Ralcorp was a landmark step in transforming our private brands business.
Through the first several months of ownership of Ralcorp, we’ve identified many opportunities for growth and cost-saving synergies. Through our new, larger scale,
+5% +3%
2 last three years.
                     National Brands vs
3-year Dollar Compound Annual Growth Rate
2 IRI US-Multi-Outlet 12/31/12
Private Brands

                  The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 3
                       We increased our annualized net sales related to private brands fourfold with the acquisition
of Ralcorp.
              Cate
Daughter of Jamie Wagner Consumer Affairs Omaha, Neb.
      
                  4 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
                     Our cheese crackers, baked in Princeton, Ky., performed as well as the national brand in consumer sensory tests,3 and sales grew 50 percent in a
year’s time.
               Timothy L. Sims
Team Leader Princeton, Ky.
  
                                                                                                                We’re enthusiastic about the opportunities we have to leverage our capabilities in shopper and consumer insights, supply chain and innovation to grow our private brands business. Our customers share
our enthusiasm.
Through key customer meetings, we’ve heard excitement and energy around our capabilities in private brands, which are among the top priorities for many retailers. Our customers recognize the advantage of our unique portfolio and the benefit
of our scale, growth opportunities and functional expertise. Our goal is to leverage our best ideas and practices from across ConAgra Foods to transform our relationships with customers, taking the private brands business model from transactional to strategic partnerships.
As we further build these customer relationships, our focus is on high-quality products that our customers are proud to call their own. The breadth of our private brands portfolio and lack of overlap with our branded portfolio gives us a clear path to growth, without distraction. We aim to leverage the expertise we’ve gained, combining it with our existing capabilities, to drive category growth.
We’re uniquely positioned to offer this level of partnership because of the breadth of our portfolio, which is unmatched by our competitors. We look forward to
the long-term opportunity this acquisition presents for our company.
Private Brands
• ConAgra Foods is the largest private brand food company in North America.
• Private brands are expected to drive approximately $4.5 billion in annualized net sales.
• Our private brands are No. 1 or 2 in volume in 16 of 22 product categories in which we compete.4
3 Consumer Science sensory panel 01/12
4 Based on IRI FDMx 52 weeks ending 12/30/12
Retail Bakery
Snacks
Bars and Coordinated
The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 5
        Cereal
Pasta
                 Condiments
Breakdown based on annualized net sales

 6 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
Growing the core
with innovation and marketing
Growing our core in the coming years will mean leveraging the strengths of our portfolio and, specifically, accelerating our strategies related to innovation and marketing.
We continue to focus on strategic adjacencies as a critical avenue for growth in our Consumer Foods business. As I mentioned, the integration of the Bertolli and P.F. Chang’s frozen meal businesses has gone well, and we are in the midst of an expansion at our facility
in Russellville, Ark., where these products are made. We’re excited to apply our transformational approach to innovation to these great brands, while taking advantage of opportunities to expand brand reach through strategic adjacencies such as desserts. We’re applying what we’ve learnedthroughtheMarieCallender’s® dessertpie business — where we’re driving category growth of 5 percent annually — to reach new consumers.5
Our innovation approach is transformational — we innovate for platforms, not products. MicroRite®6 technology is a good example of this. We first introduced the technology through Marie Callender’s multi-serve meals. MicroRite trays provide the taste and
Marie Callender’s® dessert pie business is driving annual category growth of
quality consumers expect from the oven, with the convenience of microwave cooking. Seeing the success of Marie Callender’s multi-serve bakes, we expanded the MicroRite technology to our single-serve meals offered undertheMarieCallender’sandHealthyChoicebrands. Consumers responded positively, and Healthy Choice Baked Entrées was voted Frozen Product of the Year by 50,000 Parade Magazine readers.
Our strategic approach to innovation paired with our capabilities in consumer insights drove growth for our brands this year. Our PAM® team looked to consumer insights when it became clear the category was facing challenges. Insights showed that shoppers were tired of the sticky residue that cooking sprays left on their pots and pans. We launched a new and improved PAM that leaves up to 99 percent less residue7 than certain cooking sprays — just what consumers wanted. We developed point-of-difference marketing to let consumers know we offer what they are after, and took our message to new parts of the store through displays that featured the same message. The brand reaped close to 7 percent sales growth in FY13, driving nearly 4 percent growth for the overall category.8
IRI calendar years ending 12/31/10, 12/31/11 and 12/31/12
MicroRite® trademark and technology is owned by Graphic Packaging, Inc. Residue compared after baking at 400° F for 30 minutes, cooling, and washing in one regular dishwasher cycle. See pamcookingspray.com for more details. IRI year-end 5/30/13
5 5%
5 6 7
8
Healthy Choice® Baked Entrées was voted Frozen
Product of the Year by 50,000 Parade Magazine readers.

                  The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 7
                   Our team of chefs researches food trends to develop and test new recipes from our culinary center.
(Left to right)
Daniel Marciani Jon Shockey Research, Quality & Innovation Omaha, Neb.
                     
                  8 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
                                      Zach Sangster with his children, Isaiah and Olivia Project Management
Omaha, Neb.
The real cream in Reddi-wip® matters to our consumers. Sales of the brand were up 4 percent in FY13.9
 
                Hunt,s® drove
4% sales growth10
category growth for
canned tomatoes
Award from Better Homes & Gardens for its Sweet Potato Puffs this year, and continues to innovate for the premium consumer. New 98 percent fat free Smart Classics from Alexia, available in FY14, provide a better-for-you fry option that is roasted and never fried.
ConAgraMills® continuestoseehighdemandfor Ultragrain® flour with strong double-digit sales growth that led the business to increase production capacity to meet strong demand. ConAgra Mills also introduced Ultragrain High Performance flour this year, offering the baking industry the opportunity to reduce the cost of their whole wheat breads and increase operational flexibility while providing their customers with the white flour appeal
of Ultragrain.
ConAgra Mills has
performed strongly
over the last several years, and, in March, we announced an agreement to create Ardent Mills,TM a new flour milling joint venture that will be jointly owned by ConAgra Foods, Cargill and CHS. We expect the transaction to close late in the calendar year, at which point we will own 44 percent of Ardent Mills. We anticipate the transaction to be accretive to EPS by the third year.
while gaining share.10
Point-of-difference marketing was a big focus for us in other parts of our Consumer Foods business, too. We sawsuccesswiththisideaacrossourportfolio,including Reddi-wip,® whichismadewithrealcreamversusoil, and Hunt’s® diced, whole and stewed tomatoes, which arepeeledthroughFlashSteam® versusachemical process. Reddi-wip saw 4 percent sales growth and
3 percent volume growth9 in FY13, and Hunt’s drove category growth for canned tomatoes, while growing dollar sales by 4 percent in FY1310 and gaining share. This focus on differentiation drove our core and will continue to be an organic growth driver moving forward.
Our Commercial Foods business continues to focus on high-potential, high-margin products, such as sweet potato fries, proprietary whole grains and customized flavors and seasoning blends. We’re enthusiastic about the opportunity with sweet potatoes in foodservice and retail. Retail brand Alexia® won a Best New Product
The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 9
                   New 98%
The decision to create Ardent Mills is a good example of imaginative thinking. Once formed, the joint venture will bring together two of the nation’s leading flour milling businesses, leveraging combined assets, capabilities and experience to better meet marketplace demands. Ardent Mills will be positioned to provide customers a unique set of services, including product development resources, technical and application support, supply chain management and commodity price risk management. We believe Ardent Mills will better serve our customers and ConAgra Foods, and lead to more growth.
fat free
Smart Classics
from Alexia,
available in FY14, provide a better-for-you fry option that is roasted and never fried.
9 IRI US-Multi-Outlet 52 weeks ending 5/26/13 10 IRI US-Multi-Outlet 52 weeks ending 5/19/13
®

                10 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
Expanding
international
In FY13, we continued to focus on growing in key international geographic markets, leveraging areas where we have a strong foothold and are poised for growth. Our ACTII® popcornbrandperformedwellinFY13,increasing distribution. The brand underwent a package redesign and reformulation to address its value position in U.S. marketsandpremiumpositionininternationalmarkets, applying successful strategies from Mexico throughout Latin America. Early results show a 10 percent net sales increase and share gains for the brand.11
We’re pleased with the performance of our affiliate,
Agro Tech Foods, Ltd., in India. In FY13, Agro Tech successfully launched peanut butter under the Sun Drop brandandisintheprocessofbuildingafacilitytolocally produce the peanut butter.
AtLambWeston® we’reexpandingourBoardman,
Ore., facility to meet growing demand, especially from international markets. Currently, Lamb Weston
sells to 2,500 customers in more than 100 countries, and, in FY13, international net sales reached $1 billion, including joint ventures. In FY13 Lamb Weston increased net sales internationally by nearly 9 percent, and we’re projecting continued, dynamic international growth in the future.
40%
Quick-serve
restaurants
expect their international businesses to grow 40%
We see growth potential with quick-serve restaurants internationally, and our focus has really shifted toward working closely with customers to develop new products. Despite challenges for quick-serve restaurants in some of our key Asian markets, we’ve had success innovating new products for use as limited time offers, or LTOs. LTOs drive store traffic, providing these customers a way to increase top-line sales and drive bottom-line profits.
China is currently our second-largest international market, but it ranks first in growth potential for our Lamb Weston brand. This year, Lamb Weston worked closely withcustomerstointroduceasianmoonz.TM Anewlineof potato products, asian moonz feature bold flavors such as Roasted Onion, Indian-style Curry and Sweet Chili that Chinese consumers, especially young consumers, seek. The new item is currently featured on the menus of three quick-serve restaurant chains in China. Lamb Weston leveraged local consumer insights, market research and innovation capabilities to launch the new line of products and we’re pleased with the results thus far — asian moonz are off to a strong start.
12 between 2012 and 2017.
 11 IRI 13 weeks ending 3/24/13
12 Euromonitor Projections 7/24/13. Projections
reflect total sales growth over the five-year period.

                  The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 11
                    Lamb Weston®’s
new asian moonzTM
are featured on the menus at three quick-serve restaurant chains in China.
                         Lei Lei Zhang
International Sales Shanghai, China
      
                  12 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
                     Our Council Bluffs, Iowa, facility doubled participation in
its 2013 annual health fair, reaching 60 percent of the employee population.
             Patricia Rodriguez Beer
Human Resources Council Bluffs, Iowa
 
                Succeeding
through people
52,000+ awards
Nearly 13,500 employees received more than 52,000 awards from their peers through our e2 recognition program in FY13.
Employee wellness remains a priority for us, as well, and in FY13 almost 40 percent of our employees participated in our wellness program, with a 79 percent participation rate among our salaried employees. That puts our engagement in wellness above most benchmarks for world-class participation.
In FY13 we continued our efforts toward a culture of best- in-class safety, and I’m proud to share that 27 facilities had zero recordable injuries in FY13. In Rensselaer, Ind., wherewemakeOrvilleRedenbacher’s® popcorn,we’ve had almost four years without a recordable injury.
Aligning our entire organization around our priorities
is key for our success. This includes aligning the right resources with the right businesses. I mentioned in
our final earnings call of the fiscal year that, due to the transformational nature of the Ralcorp acquisition, we will be moving to three financial reporting segments in FY14. Those include our Consumer Foods business, led by
Tom McGough, and our Private Brands and Foodservice businesses, led by Paul Maass. Both Tom and Paul are veterans in the food industry and well-respected leaders.
Robert Jarvis
Warehouse Lead Council Bluffs, Iowa
The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report 13
  We know that achieving success through our Recipe for Growth depends on the great people leading and executing our strategies every day. We’re working hard to create a culture of trust with a passion for winning, and enabling people to make an impact at all levels. We’re focusing on the behaviors that foster the type of environment we want, and employees are enthusiastic about the direction we’re headed.
We found through our annual engagement survey that our employees believe in our Recipe for Growth and feel that the company is positioned for success.
Recognizing employees for their contributions is important to fostering a culture with a passion for winning. Our e2 recognition program is proving an excellent tool for peer-to-peer recognition — the number of awards given more than doubled in FY13 versus last year.
We continue our commitment to an environment where learning is encouraged, and we were recognized for thoseeffortsinFY13.TrainingMagazinenamedus
on its Training Top 125 list, and Chief Learning Officer Magazine ranked us No. 31 on its LearningElite list, which is a peer-reviewed ranking and benchmarking program that recognizes companies that leverage learning
and development strategies to drive business results.
                      
                14 The Table is Set ConAgra Foods 2013 Annual Report
Doing good
through food
Doing good through food is part of who we are. We’re proud to have been named to both the North America and World Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes in FY13,
as well as the Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index and the Civic 50. This year our employees submitted dozens of entries for our internal Sustainable Development Awards program showing the beneficial environmental and economic impact of imaginative activities across our company. The programs submitted conserved more than 646 million gallons of water, reduced carbon emissions and landfill waste and cut packaging needs, all while saving more than $22 million.
This year employees served and packed more than 1 million meals and spent more than 7,000 hours of time volunteering during our 2013 Week of Service.
Our commitment to the communities where we live
and work remains strong — this year employees served and packed more than 1 million meals and spent more than 7,000 hours of time volunteering during our 2013 Week of Service. This impressive turnout doubled our results from last year’s Week of Service and illustrates our employees’ commitment to our core cause — ending child hunger in America.
The ConAgra Foods Foundation is celebrating a 20-year partnership with Feeding America this year, through which the foundation has funded programs such as the Hunger Corps and Hunger Free Summer to help ensure children have access to the food they need to live active, healthful lives.
FY13 was certainly a transformational year for ConAgra Foods. We are poised to deliver double-digit EPS13 growth through FY17, and project sales growth of 3-4 percent and EPS13 growth of 7-9 percent in the years following. Our customers are enthusiastic about our portfolio and the expertise we bring, and our employees are rallying around our Recipe for Growth, finding new and better ways to provide everyday food in extraordinary ways. We took major steps in FY13 to achieve the growth we’re striving for, and I am confident that we have the right mix to realize organic growth in FY14. We’ve set the table and we’re ready. Thanks for joining us.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief Executive Officer
                                              13 Reflects diluted earnings per share, adjusted for items impacting comparability.
