                CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 1
We are aligning
our resources to
accelerate growth
Fellow shareholders,
There’s no question: these are challenging times. But even in a high-inflation environment we grew EPS in fiscal 2011. We also:
• Generated more than $1.3 billion in cash flows from operations,
ending our fourth quarter with $972 million of cash on hand
and no outstanding commercial paper borrowings.
• Realized $280 million of cost savings in our Consumer
Foods supply chain, in addition to what we saved in selling,
general and administrative expenses.
• Raised our annualized dividend 15 percent and returned
an additional $825 million to our shareholders through
share repurchases.
• Opened our new state-of-the-art sweet potato processing
facility in Delhi, La. — the first frozen food manufacturing plant in the world to earn LEED® Platinum certification from the U.S. Green Building Council.1
• Continued realizing the benefits of our strong innovation pipeline by introducing difference-makers like Orville Redenbacher’s® PopUpBowl® popcornandMarieCallender’s® Bakes.
Over the last several years, we’ve built a strong foundation and an integrated operating platform. Now we’re aligning our resources to accelerate growth with renewed purpose and ambition.
1 U.S. Green Building Council. usgbc.org. USGBC In the News. Jan. 26, 2011. “LEED” stands for “Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design.” LEED Platinum certification is the nationally
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief executive officer
 accepted benchmark for the design, construction and operation of high-performance green buildings.

                   2 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
Marie Callender,s® desserts posted double -digit top-line growth in their first year under our control.
       
                 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
Focusing on the fundamentals
Our fundamentals are sound. We’re focused on generating strong earnings and cash flows, maintaining a healthy balance sheet with strong liquidity and investing our resources where they’ll do the most good. The work we’ve done to build our capabilities and tailor our portfolio is paying off. We’re positioned not only for long-term organic growth but also for smart acquisitions that align with our strategic priorities.
Consider how seamlessly we’ve integrated three strategic acquisitions into our operations over the last few years. Our All Natural Alexia® line of fries, potatoes, sweet potatoes and sides is about two-and-a-half times the size it was when we bought it four years ago. In their first year under our control, MarieCallender’s® dessertsposteddouble-digittop-linegrowth due to expanded national distribution and investments in advertising and promotion. The pies and cobblers promote well with Marie Callender’s meals, which are served in 25 million households.2 And Elan Nutrition® snack bars, which joined our portfolio late in fiscal 2010, have added even more power to our leading private label snack bar business.
Stronger fundamentals apply across our businesses. As we’ve developed into an integrated operating company, we’ve centralized resources to create efficiencies and transfer knowledge across the enterprise. This year, we wrapped up
l 2.5x Alexia is two-
and-a-half times the size it was when we bought it four years ago.
 2 IRI consumer panel, Nov. 23, 2010
v

                  our SAP implementation in the Consumer Foods segment and are using the new systems to optimize processes and extract value. Implementation is now under way and on schedule in the Commercial Foods segment.
The performance of our supply chain remains one of the best tools in our arsenal to combat cost inflation. In just five years, Consumer Foods supply chain productivity improvements have generated about $1.4 billion in savings, which we’ve used to fuel growth. There are plenty of savings to come, too, as we continue to develop a demand-driven supply chain, reduce complexity and achieve plant and network optimization. In no small measure, our supply chain successes can be traced to our ability to spread technology and best practices across geographies and lines of business. Last year alone, for example, our Sustainable Development program decreased our carbon footprint by 30,000 metric tonnes, reduced landfill waste by 51,000 tons, conserved 137 million gallons of water and generated $18 million of cost savings.
Harnessing the power of our people across several manufacturing platforms is making a big difference in driving productivity. Back in March, the nearly 2,500 employees in 15 plants across our Consumer Foods segment’s Snacks platform worked nine straight weeks — nearly a million hours — without a single recordable injury. Across the entire Consumer Foods organization, we decreased the Total Incident Rate, which measures incidents that require lost work time or restricted duty, by 16 percent last year. Our company’s safety principles empower employees (who know their equipment better than anyone) to recognize potential safety issues and act quickly to prevent or address them. Beyond ensuring a safe work environment, the company’s safety programs have a positive effect on productivity and quality — factors that help us grow.
The unique Slim Jim® 16 - stick gable top carton replaced a 16-count canister, reducing packaging materials by 325,600 pounds per year.
4 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
                             Fuel for growth
We,ve generated $1.4 billion in savings in just five years through Consumer Foods supply chain productivity improvements.

                  CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 5
     
                  6 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
   Consumers trust
Hunt,s® and many other ConAgra Foods brands to make more affordable meals at home.

                                                                         CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 7
Creating
opportunities
for growth
We’ve cultivated core strengths to create opportunities to grow. We understand how consumer behavior is changing and are translating actionable insights into consumer-focused initiatives to drive growth for our customers. We know that people want great-tasting, everyday food for every dollar they spend. And we don’t think this particular consumer mindset is going away — value is here to stay. We sell more than 140 high-quality meals for $3 or less3 and are staking our claim as the value leader in a variety of core categories. Despite the fact that increasingly value-driven consumers are not making as many stock-up trips, our products are in 97 percent of America’s households.4
Initially, the industry reacted slowly to this sea change in consumer behavior, thinking that things would go back to normal as the economy improved. But it soon became apparent there was a “new normal,” and we realized we were at that proverbial fork in the road. So, we pulled together employees, customers, suppliers, third-party experts and other stakeholders to take a cold, hard look at our business and determine how we could accelerate growth. These interviews and analyses confirmed where we compete can have an even greater impact on growth than how we compete.
3 SymphonyIRI, based on the average price per unit of Total U.S. FDMx for the 52 weeks ending July 3, 2011
4 SymphonyIRI, Total U.S. – all outlets, 52 weeks ending June 19, 2011 5 Google. Estimated annual searches 2007-2010 (U.S. only)
Convenience and cost rule
The volume of recipe-specific Google® searches has nearly tripled over the past four years, with terms like “easy recipe” and “simple recipes” among the top searches. Our ReadySetEatTM website helps busy consumers find easy and affordable dinner solutions. The “faster, smarter way to dinner” features quick-prep recipes made with a short list of ingredients and highlights items on sale at local grocers.
Recipe-specific Google searches5
Volume in recipe-specific searches continues to climb every year.
                                                                                        
                 l58%
stake in consumer and commercial foods businesses. In fiscal 2011, our international business represented about 10 percent of our sales. International highlights include:
• Net sales growth of 11 percent in Lamb Weston’s international business, driven by our ability to capitalize on the global expansion of quick-serve restaurants while strengthening our footprint in foodservice and retail in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
• An exceptional year for our Canadian business, which posted top-line net sales growth of 5 percent versus
the same period a year ago. ConAgra Foods is the only major food company whose dollar growth is outpacing its volume growth in the price-competitive Complete Frozen Meal category in Canada.
• The introduction of an innovative, new direct sales model in Mexico, aimed at improving distribution and execution in the traditional channel (mom and pop stores), which represents approximately 80 percent of salty snack volume.7 Now serving 45,000 customers in seven cities, this model is focused primarily on ACT II® popcorn.
We are also pursuing growth in private label, where we have a significant presence already. Private label has a strong future, one where we can use our core capabilities to generate growth — and we intend to grow in private label.
VHR Steamers and Healthy ChoiceR Gourmet SteamersTM helped ConAgra Foods post sales growth of 58 percent6 in the Complete Frozen Meal category in Canada over the past year.
We are making smart choices about where we compete by investing in faster-growing, strategic, adjacent categories to grow our core businesses, as we did when we purchased MarieCallender’sdessertpies,introducedBanquet® fruitpies, bought Elan Nutrition’s snack bars and expanded in sweet potatoes. We are aligning our organization with growing markets, such as Asia and Latin America, where we have a
8 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
     6 AC Nielsen Market Track. All channels. Latest 52 weeks ending June 4, 2011
7 AC Nielsen – Retail Enhancement. All channels. Latest 52 weeks ending June 30, 2011 8 FDMx + Walmart, 52 weeks ending June 26, 2011
v

                   CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 9
Health and nutrition bars make up the fastest - growing segment in the bar category.8 Strategic acquisitions, such as Elan Nutrition, expand our capacity to fuel short - and long- term growth opportunities.
     
                Innovating for growth
Our customers and consumers look to us for innovation. You could say that it’s become an essential part of our DNA. Innovation is so important to our long-term growth strategy that we’ve introduced a new core operating principle — imagination — to drive innovation and breakthrough thinking throughout every part of the organization. We define “imagination” as “constantly thinking of new ways to do our job better no matter where we sit within ConAgra Foods.” Imagination illustrates our capacity for innovative problem- solving, which others are noticing, too.
Refrigerated & Frozen Foods magazine named our new sweet potato processing facility in Delhi, La., its Food Plant of the Year in the Fruits and Vegetables category, noting many innovations throughout the plant, including equipment specifically designed to optimize sweet potato processing.
Recognized as the industry leader in whole grain innovation andpremiummulti-useflours,ConAgraMills® wasnamedthe No. 1 Grain Products Supplier in Food Processing magazine’s Reader’s Choice Awards for the fourth year in a row. What’s remarkable about ConAgra Mills — in addition to its ability to put together a string of very profitable quarters (and years) — is the way it differentiates its products and services to add value for customers. With great-tasting, pioneering whole grain products, suchasUltragrain® wholewheatflourandSustagrain® ultra-
9 SymphonyIRI FDMx Scanner data for the 52 weeks ending Dec. 30, 2007, and the 52 weeks ending Dec. 26, 2010
10 SymphonyIRI FDMx Scanner data for the three weeks ending Feb. 6, 2011 11 NPD PotatoTrack, 12 months ending May 2011
high fiber barley, ConAgra Mills is at the forefront as consumers increasingly demand whole grain nutrition in a wide variety of foods. These grain-based innovations will be a key contributor to the company’s future growth.
We’re innovating in our communication with consumers, too. From 2007 through 2010, Hebrew National® hot dogs bumped up its share of the beef hot dog category by two points with advertising focused on gaining household penetration.9 Its 2011 “Better-than-a-hot-dog hot dog” campaign drove a 19 percent increase in dollar sales over year-ago figures in the three weeks leading up to this year’s Super Bowl.®10
Lamb Weston is the
frozen sweet potato category leader, with its Sweet Things® brand maintaining more than a 66 percent share in foodservice.11
10 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
  
                  CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 11
                                                              
                       12 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
        You can see plenty of new product innovation from ConAgra Foods, too. Consumers first heard about Orville Redenbacher’s new Pop Up Bowl microwave popcorn package in a Jan. 24 USA Today article that named it one of the top 10 consumer product trends for 2011. Early indications12 arethatthePopUpBowlpackageisbringing momentum to the brand and setting the stage for a much- needed turnaround in the category.
l21% ,
Driven by innovation, , such as Marie Callender s Bakes, volume for Marie Callender s single- serve and multi-serve meals is up 21 percent since 2007.18
Another top trend of 2011 identified by USA Today in that
Jan. 24 article is sweet potatoes. “If 2011 is the year of anything, it’s the year of the sweet potato,” wrote the newspaper. U.S. per-capita consumption of sweet potato products grew more than 39 percent from 1998 through 2009,13 while servings of sweetpotatoproductssoldinrestaurantshaveincreasedby 135 percent over the past four years.14 In fact, sweet potato products are now on the menu at 17 percent of all U.S. chains and independent restaurants, up from 15 percent just a year ago.15 On the retail side, our Alexia brand has a 43 percent share of the sweet potato category.16
In the frozen aisle, we’ve strengthened our reputation for innovation and staked out a position in frozen multi-serve meals with Marie Callender’s Bakes, using MicroRite®17 tray technology. MicroRite trays heat food evenly from the inside out. Plus, the trays allow food to brown and crisp in the microwave and cook up to 80 percent faster than it would cook in a conventional oven.
  12 SymphonyIRI, Total U.S. FDMx, for the 4 weeks ending June 19, 2011
13 USDA Economic Research Service, 2009
14 NPD Crest, year ending May 2011
15 Datassential’s U.S. Chains & Independents MenuTrends Database, 2011
16 SymphonyIRI, Total U.S. FDMx for the 52 weeks ending July 10, 2011
17 MicroRite is a registered trademark of Graphic Packaging, Inc.
18 SymphonyIRI, Total U.S. FDMx Scanner data for the 52 weeks ending May 29, 2011
(excludes desserts)
v

                 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 13
      
                   This year,s Child Hunger Ends Here® campaign included
a call to action on packages and our first-ever employee Day of Service week.
14 CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
   
                CONAGRA FOODS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 15
Everyday food in extraordinary ways
Innovation is certainly one of the things that set us apart from the pack, but there’s more. For nearly a century, in one form or another, consumers have invited us into their homes, trusting brands such as Healthy Choice, Hebrew National, Reddi-wip,® and many more. Our purpose is to deliver everyday food in extraordinary ways. We make the food you count on — food that is approachable, accessible and affordable.
Unfortunately, for some, access to food isn’t always consistent, and people are usually shocked to find out that nearly 25 percent of American children don’t know where their next meal is coming from. That’s why ConAgra Foods and the ConAgra Foods Foundation have donated more than $40 million, more than 260 million pounds of food and funding for everything from delivery trucks to computer software to help fight hunger in the United States for nearly 20 years.
Now in its second year, Child Hunger Ends Here is the company’s biggest, most integrated cause-marketing campaign yet, pulling together consumers, customers, employees and Feeding America® (thenation’slargestnetworkoffoodbanks)tocreate
a community of people passionate about fighting a problem that has only gotten worse during the economic downturn. This year’s campaign included a call to action on the packages of participating brands that will direct additional money to provide even more meals to Feeding America. We also launched a Day of Service during National Volunteer Week on which thousands of our employees banded together to help end child hunger in the communities where they live and work.
Once again this year, Corporate Responsibility Magazine named ConAgra Foods to its list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens. The 100 Best Corporate Citizens List is known as one of the world’s top corporate responsibility rankings based on publicly available information and is recognized by PR Week as one of America’s top three most important business rankings. The list is based on more than 320 data points of publicly available information in seven categories, including environment, climate change, human rights, philanthropy, employee relations, financial performance and governance.
When it comes right down to it, our people set us apart. Whether they’re imagining better ways to drive business results or donating their own time and money to help in their communities, they have a generosity of spirit and a unity of purpose that have enabled us to align our resources to accelerate growth.
With that purpose and focus, we believe there are many more good things to come from ConAgra Foods. I’m excited about the prospects ahead. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief executive officer
 