                our recipe for
growth
 1
  With input costs continuing to rise and consumers continuing to spend less on food, fiscal 2012 challenged our entire industry. Despite these headwinds, we:
• Grewcomparableearningspershare.
• Increasednetsalesbynearly8percent.
• Generated$1billionincashflowsfromoperations.
• Raisedourannualizeddividendby4percent and returned more than $352 million to shareholders through share repurchases, while our Board of Directors approved a $750 million increase to the share repurchase program.
I’m also proud of the great work our team delivered
in turning around our Lamb Weston® business, and in driving effective pricing and cost-saving strategies
in our Consumer Foods segment.
In fiscal 2012, we launched a comprehensive, aggressive, five-year strategy following years of foundational work in which we improved our capabilities, operations, internal wiring and culture, and refocused our portfolio. We call the strategy our Recipe for Growth, and we’re excited to be on what we believe will be a rewarding journey.
Our Recipe for Growth is our blueprint for success. We’ve been very thoughtful and decisive about our plans to grow both organically and through acquisitions. We conducted deep analyses of market dynamics
and of our own portfolio and put together a plan that emphasizes the areas where we have a right to win.
core/ adjacencies
international
private label
best places to work
citizenship
And, because we know no strategy is meaningful without outstanding execution, we’re creating a culture to drive the behaviors that will accelerate the kind of growth we’re all looking for.
The combination of these foundational elements
and a prudent capital allocation policy has enabled us to commit to 6-8 percent comparable EPS growth over the long term.
                           Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                2
growing
the core
 As a company, we’re focused on both how we operate and where we play. Being excellent in how we do business is a base expectation — the price of admission. But the categories and geographies in which we focus will be the principal drivers of our growth.
Growing our core means continuing to leverage innovation and marketing to grow our existing businesses organically while expanding into faster-growing adjacent categories. Think of frozen desserts as an adjacency to frozen meals, and sweet potato fries as an adjacency
to french fries. Both of those adjacent categories are growing faster than some of the categories where we’ve traditionally competed, so it’s logical to expand into those faster-growing spaces.
For example, look at our Marie Callender’s® brand over the past three years. This brand has expanded in a big way, first, by taking advantage of faster growth in frozen multi-serve meals and special occasion dessert pies, and now by introducing everyday indulgent desserts, such
as single-serve fruit pies and cream pies. Adjacency expansion and acquisitions, plus very solid growth in its base business, propelled Marie Callender’s top-line growth by 50 percent over the last three years.
And there’s a lot more to the story across both of our business segments.
Our Orville Redenbacher’s® brand extended its reach in the growing salty snacks category with the introduction of ready-to-eat popcorn in on-trend flavors, such as Sharp White Cheddar, to satisfy consumer tastes.
  Healthy Choice®
Greek frozen yogurt:
perfectly portioned at
100 calories per serving
 +50%
top-line growth over the past three years
Our Lightlife® brand, which caters to vegetarians and the increasing number of “flexitarians,” is stepping into the frozen aisle with new frozen veggie burgers and entrées. We’re also rolling out new Healthy Choice® Greek frozen yogurt to retailers this summer. This cool twist on the hot Greek yogurt trend is another way for us to capture the snacking and dessert appetite through our strong and innovative frozen foods portfolio.
We’re bolstering our growth in adjacencies with acquisitions that have the right assets and right growth potential at the right price. For example, our purchase of Odom’s Tennessee Pride® has made us a key player in the growing frozen breakfast sandwich category.
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                       3
               The Commercial Foods business is also winning with high-growth adjacencies. Lamb Weston is leading the way in the fast-growing frozen sweet potato category, and with year-over-year sales up 26 percent,1 we’re confident this strong momentum will continue. In the restaurant space, Lamb Weston is driving excellent growth in sweet potato fry sales for customers like Hardee’s,® Carl’s Jr.,® Red Robin,® Smashburger® and Outback Steakhouse,® as well as major foodservice customers such as Sysco® and US Foods,®
just to name a few. And at retail outlets, our Alexia® brand now has a 50 percent share of frozen sweet potatoes.2
1 SymphonyIRI Group POS Data Multi-Channel, 52 weeks ending 7/1/12
2 SymphonyIRI Group, Total U.S. FDMx, 13 weeks ending 6/26/12
As our customers look to add more whole grain nutrition to their foods, they’re turning to industry leader ConAgra Mills.® Our innovative whole grain Ultragrain,® Sustagrain® and Ancient Grains products continue to provide leadership in the fast-growing U.S. whole grain category.
Another success story for ConAgra Mills is the double-digit growth in fiscal 2012 of our new patent-pending SafeGuardTM ready-to-eat flour that provides an added layer of food safety for favorites like cookie dough and frozen pizza.
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                            4
                      Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                As the maker of Arby,s® ,
seasoned curly fries, Lamb
Weston partnered with Arby s
to bring these popular fries
to the retail freezer case.
Consumers have responded in a big way with sales exceeding expectations.
5
 Our adjacency strategy doesn’t mean we’ll lose focus
on growing our large core businesses and their existing categories. We know firsthand that today’s grocery shoppers behave very differently than they did before the recession. Today’s shoppers want real value. They waste less food, don’t buy as much on impulse and make fewer stock-up trips to the supermarket. That means that we need to work more closely than ever with our retail partners to understand their shoppers and develop solutions that grow categories — and our core businesses.
Beyond the report, customers are continuing to recognize us for our work. Early in 2012, Walmart named ConAgra Foods its No. 2 multinational supplier. In May, our Target customer team won the Target Vendor Partner award for the second consecutive year. We’re excited to see how the redesign of our customer-facing organization will continue to improve results for our customers and our company.
ConAgra Foods continues
 To that end, in fiscal 2012 we launched an initiative called Customer Connect, which is designed to help
us become a better partner with retailers by delivering programs that drive volume and mutual profit growth. We reorganized our sales organization, built and launched a customer development organization and began new joint business planning processes. These moves are enabling us to transform our relationships with customers by providing proactive, strategic solutions.
Inflation struck hard in fiscal 2012. But the strategic net pricing models we created through Customer Connect helped us combat input cost inflation more quickly
and effectively than before. Our deep understanding of marketplace behavior helped us gain insights into what was happening with inflation — insights we could share with customers to help address inflationary spikes.
We are already seeing success from our Customer Connect work. In November 2011, ConAgra Foods moved up one spot in the annual Kantar PoweRanking® report. Seen as the industry standard, the report benchmarks how retailers view manufacturers’ performance in key areas such as growth and profitability, consumer insights, clear strategy and shopper marketing.
to rise in retailer
performance ratings
               6.9%
7.4%
8.1% 7.7%
2010 2011
   2008 2009
Kantar PoweRanking® Composite
Kantar Retail PoweRanking® 2011
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                                                                      6
As I’ve said before, our innovation agenda isn’t focused on cranking out large numbers of new flavors and varieties — it’s all about creating strategic, sustainable innovation platforms that resonate with consumers
and that we can own and use to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. To show how well this strategy is working, our Healthy Choice Café Steamers line was the first of its kind in the frozen aisle when we introduced
it. Five years later, it still is. What’s more, the steaming platform has been the growth engine for the entire Healthy Choice franchise.
“I love the Pop Up Bowl! Best
innovation in microwave popcorn
in years! Thanks!”
Unsolicited consumer comment, Oct. 2011
  Winners of the Product of the Year USA awards, voted on by more than 50,000 consumers
Slim Jim® net sales +increased
  Clearly, one of the major elements driving the growth of our core business is innovation. We’re taking consumer insights and translating them into value-added products that consumers are excited about. For instance, Orville Redenbacher’s® Pop Up Bowl,® launched in fiscal 2011, has generated double-digit year-over-year sales growth. The Pop Up Bowl has also won several awards since
15%
+15% +15%
  its release, including a Product of the Year USA award, voted on by more than 50,000 consumers. Healthy Choice® Top Chef-inspired Café Steamers® earned this recognition, too. In addition, Marie Callender’s baked entrées and Healthy Choice steaming entrées won Edison Awards for ranking among the most innovative new products. And, speaking of innovation-driven awards, our Research, Quality & Innovation team was voted the R&D team of 2011 in the industry by the readers of Food Processing magazine.
FY11 FY12 FY11 FY12
   Almost 1 million
Slim Jim Facebook fans
We’re also promoting growth in our core brands and adjacent lines of business with bolder, more targeted marketing programs that increase our return on investment. Consider the success we’ve had with the Slim Jim marketing campaign we launched at the end of fiscal 2011. It appeals to the brand’s young adult demographic by using humor to keep these consumers
       Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                             7
                       coming back for more even when they’re past their teenage years. Dollar sales and volume were up for the year by 14.5 percent and 7.7 percent, respectively.3 And the Slim Jim Facebook page is approaching 1 million
fans by engaging its young consumers and giving them reasons to make Slim Jim part of their everyday lives.
It’s an example of how we’re using social and digital marketing to better target specific buyers and customers.
3 SymphonyIRI Group, FDMConv, 52 weeks ending 5/13/12
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                            8
                      Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                expanding our
international footprint
 International growth is a critical ingredient in our Recipe. Today, our international business is about 10 percent4 of our sales, and we plan to increase that significantly over the next few years in both our Commercial Foods and Consumer Foods segments.
Lamb Weston’s
Within Commercial Foods, Lamb Weston is leading the way with strong international sales growth. Lamb Weston has sales offices around the globe and serves customers from a network of facilities across North America and Europe. We will continue to gain momentum with Lamb Weston’s international business through our strong leadership position and alignment with customers’ aggressive growth plans in emerging markets such as Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. Major quick- serve restaurant chains have incredible growth plans for China, in particular, and Lamb Weston is aligned and well positioned to support this growth.
Lamb Weston has been developing and expanding opportunities in China and other parts of Asia for more than 25 years.
expanding in China
Lamb Weston’s top 10 customers in China expect to nearly double the number of restaurants
they operate over
the next five years.
9
 customers are rapidly
 stores
stores
               As we began fiscal 2012, our international Consumer Foods assets were largely based in Canada and Mexico. Our acquisition of Del Monte Canada this year significantly increased our Canadian business, added packaged fruit and fruit snacks to our portfolio, and solidified our position as the No. 1 canned tomato maker in Canada. Overall, we’re looking to expand our presence in key international markets with high growth potential. We’re being selective about those markets and are concentrating our efforts where we know our capabilities are a good match for each region’s growth potential. For example, we’re succeeding in India with our investment in Agro Tech Foods, Ltd. (ATFL). In November 2011, ConAgra Foods became ATFL’s majority stakeholder. This Indian food company makes products under the Sundrop,® Crystal,® Healthy World® and ACT II® brands. It’s done an excellent job of transitioning from a commodities-based company with lower margins to a more consumer-focused food company with higher profitability. We’re pleased to have increased our stake in ATFL, and we expect to see more good things from this investment.
2012
2x
2017 (projected)
 4This figure does not include sales generated by any of our international joint ventures.
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                developing
private label
10
+17% growth
Sales of private label salty snacks, such as pretzels and pita chips, grew more than 17 percent last year.5
Our bar business trends net sales
+15% CAGR
FY11 FY12
Private label, or store brands, food is an essential part of our Recipe for Growth, because we believe consumers will continue to demand these products, regardless of the economy. We’re differentiating our private label offerings by making them extremely consumer-centric. And we know that positive experiences with store brands drive loyalty and purchase decisions, even more than price.
               FY08 FY09 FY10
Compound Annual Growth Rate
    pretzels
pita chips
pretzels
pita chips
Factoring in the benefits of acquisitions, we’ve grown our private label bar business 15 percent per year over the last four years. We bring strong innovation capabilities, and we work closely with retailers to deliver solutions that bolster the category. We recently launched a line of nutrition bars, created specifically for two major retailers, and we now have a bigger stake in the nearly $1 billion, fast-growing protein and meal replacement bar category.
Salty snacks is another area of private label that’s growing rapidly. Our November 2011 acquisition of National Pretzel Company brings us almost $200 million in net sales in the private label pretzel category, which grew more than 9 percent last year.5 Late in fiscal 2012, we acquired Kangaroo Brands’ pita
chip business to offer consumers an on-trend salty snack at the terrific value store brands can bring. These great-tasting pita chips grew sales nearly
24 percent last year.5
     +17%
   Within our store brands business, we have the right mix of consumer insights, innovation, food safety leadership, supply chain expertise and customer relationships to drive sustainable, profitable growth. In fiscal 2012,
store brands netted $632 million, about 8 percent of Consumer Foods’ total net sales. Going forward, we
will leverage our private label strengths to increase our presence in value-added categories where we see a clear path for growth, such as the bars category.
5SymphonyIRI Group Multi-Outlet Dollar Sales 52 weeks ending 7/15/12
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report
protein
protein

                        11
                  Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                        12
                   Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

                investing
in people,
 Having the right strategies, geographies and products
is clearly essential to achieving our Recipe for Growth. But our people are the key ingredient, and we believe that inspired and engaged people make great food and deliver great results. That’s why we want to become a truly great place to work. We are committed to tracking our progress in this area via the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For® survey. Our focus is not on making a list, but on what we can achieve with a culture of trust and empowerment.
Trust and empowerment have played key roles in building the kind of industry-leading food safety culture we’ve established at ConAgra Foods. We understand the importance of embedding the knowledge, tools and sense of ownership employees need in order to ensure we have the highest possible levels of food safety.
This empowerment was recognized in December
2011 when ConAgra Foods earned a 2011 Quality Achievement Award for Manufacturer of the Year from the Safe Quality Food Institute (SQFI). Supported by
24,000+ awards
Nearly 8,000 employees received more than 24,000 awards from their peers through our new e2 recognition program, launched in fiscal 2011.
leadership’s commitment to food safety, thorough training and enhanced accountability, thousands of our employees take food safety to heart every day as they work to continuously improve an already outstanding food safety system.
“ConAgra Foods embraces
a dynamic food safety
culture at all levels of the organization. Its employees’ goals of continuously improving their company’s food safety system and ConAgra Foods’ comprehensive commitment to food safety are to be applauded.”
Robert Garfield
Senior vice president
Safe Quality Food Institute
13
                           Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report

 14
Just as we’re committed to our employees, we’re committed to the communities in which we live and
work. ConAgra Foods and the ConAgra Foods Foundation are committed to leading the fight against child hunger. For almost two decades the ConAgra Foods Foundation has invested more than $50 million in nonprofit organizations that are dedicated to the cause. In both fiscal 2011 and 2012 ConAgra Foods donated enough products to provide the equivalent of 1 million meals each month to our partner, Feeding America,6 the nation’s leading domestic hunger-relief charity. During our fiscal 2012 Week of Service, nearly 2,000 employees packed
or served 108,504 meals and donated 69,654 pounds
of food to families in need. But we know we can’t solve the problem alone. Our Child Hunger Ends Here cause campaign, which just completed its third year, helps create awareness of the issue and provides an easy way for consumers to help.
Taking care of those in our communities goes beyond our fight against child hunger. We also have created a strong legacy in environmental stewardship. In fiscal 2012 we stepped up our sustainability efforts and based on our internal calculations:
• Decreased our carbon footprint by 43,600 metric tonnes.
• Reduced generated waste by 10,000 tons.
• Diverted 61,000 tons of solid waste from landfills.
• Reduced the amount of product packaging by more
than 4,800 tons.
• Generated more than $28 million of cost savings
with our sustainability work.
Conserved 295 million gallons of water
468 Olympic-sized swimming pools worth of water
468x
Millions of meals
In fiscal 2012, ConAgra Foods began working toward its yearlong goal of donating the monetary equivalent of 5 million meals7 to Feeding America through the Child Hunger Ends Here cause marketing program. This is in addition to the millions of pounds of products donated by ConAgra Foods and the millions of dollars in grants provided by the ConAgra Foods Foundation each year.
We’re pleased that people and organizations outside ConAgra Foods are taking note of our efforts. During fiscal 2012, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, and for the third straight year we were named to the Corporate Responsibility Magazine 100 Best Corporate Citizens list. This recognition shows that we’re delivering on our commitment to being a company that’s Good for You, Good for the Community and Good for the Planet.
Our Recipe for Growth starts and ends with people. Our employees’ passion and commitment to their work inside and outside the company, our customer partnerships, our consumers’ love for our food, and our investors’ belief in our future are all critical to ConAgra Foods’ success. With the power of these combined forces, I look forward to achieving our Recipe for Growth. Thank you for joining all of us at ConAgra Foods on our journey.
Sincerely,
Gary M. Rodkin
Chief Executive Officer
6Based on 1.3 lbs/meal equivalency factor in FY2011 and 1.2 lbs/meal in FY2012. 7Yearlong goal includes school programs, retailer promotions and code entry promotion.
Our Recipe for Growth ConAgra Foods 2012 Annual Report
