  pg24
“Our mission is to help improve the quality and efficiency of health care so that people everywhere can live healthier, happier, longer lives.”
To Our Customers, Employees and Shareholders:
–Robert D. Walter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The image of the mother and daughter on the cover of this year’s annual report speaks to what Cardinal Health is
all about: people. Our mission is to help improve the quality and efficiency of health care so that people everywhere can live healthier, happier, longer lives. We exude a strong sense of purpose because we appreciate the seriousness
of our mission, where patient well-being is at stake. Our annual report is entitled “for Life” because we are in the business of health care–quite literally–for life.
From modest beginnings in 1971, Cardinal Health has become an important part of health care. We entered health care as a distributor of pharmaceuticals to those who dispensed prescriptions to patients. Over the past seven years, we branched out beyond traditional distribution services to dramatically broaden our capabilities to serve drug manufacturers and health care providers, and added medical and surgical products to our pharmaceutical product line. Today, we are the largest provider of health care products and services in the industry.
A Brief Financial Review
Cardinal Health had another outstanding year, as we continued to strengthen and broaden our offerings for our customers. We set records in virtually every key financial metric, including total sales, total earnings and earnings per share. (See sidebar on page 27.) We achieved record returns on sales and capital, and cash flow approached $1 billion. Return on equity exceeded 20 percent for the first time, while year-end net debt-to-total capital reached an historic low of 12 percent. We accomplished all this without compromising future performance. In fact, we invested aggressively, pouring upwards of $285 million in capital expenditures into expansion and modernization of our facilities, redirected almost $100 million of current earnings into research, development and new initiatives, and spent a total of $384 million on eight strategic acquisitions that further expand our capabilities and offerings to customers.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
Partnership. Integration. Innovation. 25

            “In this competitive market, we have achieved a leadership position in scale and breadth of offering for our customers.”
Fiscal Year 2002 Financial Records
Fiscal 2002 was the 15th straight year that our earnings per share growth exceeded 20 percent. Disciplined execution again produced rising returns on sales and capital, reaching 4.44 percent and 32.5 percent, respectively, compared to 2.88 percent and 15.43 percent a decade ago. Our cash flow remains robust and our balance sheet conservatively leveraged. The market is now recognizing the value of our strong balance sheet, which will serve us well as we pursue acquisitions that are more attractively priced in the current market. We are especially proud of the fact that each reporting segment grew faster than its market while producing record returns and strong cash flow. Our formula for success
Finally, we must acknowledge two significant events of this past year–the tragedy of September 11th and corporate breaches of trust.
has always been straightforward: build a powerful business model, stay focused and execute well–an approach which continues to yield superior financial returns and the capital to reinvest for the future.
On September 11th, we watched in horror as events unfolded and immediately mobilized our people and resources throughout North America. As the largest supplier of medical products to the hospitals in New York City, our convoys were the first to arrive there with medical supplies. All 82 of our distribution facilities in North America were put on alert to move reserve inventory to the affected region and to prepare for a potentially more widespread crisis. Our systems functioned, our people performed and we stood united and committed. The crisis served to remind us of the importance of what we do every day.
A Powerful Business Model
The recent instances of corporate malfeasance also warrant comment. In my experience, most public companies value the trust placed in them by employees, customers and shareholders. It is therefore very upsetting to witness the breach of that trust by the leadership of a few large firms. This behavior is simply unthinkable at Cardinal Health. I am reminded of the image of the girl on the cover, who trusts that her mother will be there for her all the time, not just some of the time. That’s the level of trust with which we operate, all day, every day. We value the trust you place in us to do the right thing and to tell it like it is.
The focus of our business model is health care, where market economics are compelling. In this competitive market, we have achieved a leadership position in scale and breadth of offering for our customers. Health care is a large, fast growing, fragmented industry, where an aging population is driving strong, long-term demand. In the U.S. alone, the $1 trillion health care sector represents about 15 percent of the economy. If we founded the company today, we would be hard-pressed to find a more attractive industry in which to build our business.
Staying Focused
As we move into the new fiscal year, on behalf of our management team, I want to close by thanking the customers, employees and investors who have helped us grow to become what we are today. We intend to honor that history
by continuing to innovate for our customers and deliver outstanding financial performance, always remembering that Cardinal Health is in this business “for life.”
Cardinal Health has attained immense scale in virtually every area of its operations by staying focused on our customers’ needs and setting high standards of performance in each business segment. Ninety-nine percent of our earnings come from businesses which lead their market segments in profits, return on sales and return on committed capital. For example, in the U.S., half of all surgeries performed use our products and more than 25 percent of all prescriptions pass through our hands. Our distribution facilities are the industry’s largest and most productive, and we are a world leader in health care products manufacturing. We add further value by integrating many of these products and services to create unique solutions for customers. This breadth of offering is a significant competitive advantage.
Sincerely,
Consistent Execution
Our people’s consistent ability to execute has enabled Cardinal Health and each of its business segments to outperform the markets in which we compete. The company’s superior financial returns–particularly the cash we generate–are the best evidence that our team knows how to produce results and that our business model works. We expect to generate in excess of $3 billion in cash flow over the next three years, funds we will leverage to make us even stronger. But solid execution is key, and with ample capital and growth opportunities ahead of us, we are hard at work to ensure that we continue to attract, retain and empower outstanding people who can execute well.
Robert D. Walter
26 Cardinal Health Summary Annual Report 2002
Partnership. Integration. Innovation. 27
EPS $2.64, up 22%
Revenues $44B, up 15%
Return on Sales – All Segments
Investment Spending approximately $100M, up 20% Return on Committed Capital 32.5% vs. 30.0%
Return on Equity 20.5% vs. 19.3% Operating Cash Flows $984M Historic Low Receivable Days –17 12% Net Debt to Capital
Effective Tax Rate 34.1% vs. 34.4%
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
