 Chairman’s letter
To Our Customers, Shareholders and Employees:
This report begins a new chapter for Cardinal Health — a company that is more focused than ever on
helping our customers provide quality, cost-effective care. And a company that is well positioned to
lead as we usher in a new era of healthcare.
With the spinoff of CareFusion Corporation complete, we are re-focused on our role as one of the world’s largest healthcare services companies, helping pharmacies, hospitals, imaging centers, ambulatory care sites and clinical laboratories manage the business side of healthcare, so they can focus on delivering high-quality patient care.
 George Barrett
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Before we review the year and look ahead to the future, I’d like to recognize our retired chairman, Kerry Clark. The spinoff underscores the work Kerry has done to strengthen and refine our portfolio of businesses, enabling a renewed focus on the core strengths of both the ‘new’ Cardinal Health and CareFusion. His leadership and support have been critical
to the successful launch of both companies. And we extend our best wishes to our former colleagues at CareFusion, as they embark on an exciting new journey of their own.
I also want to acknowledge the steadfast commitment of Cardinal Health employees. The past few years have brought enormous change to our company. Through it all, our people stood firm in their desire to help our customers deliver the care that is so critical to the communities they serve.
Fiscal 2009
The Healthcare Supply Chain Services segment, which includes the majority of businesses that comprise the ‘new’ Cardinal Health, made good progress in fiscal 2009. While we still have work to do, I’m encouraged by our results.
Despite challenging economic conditions in fiscal 2009, the Healthcare Supply Chain Services segment increased revenue by 10% to $95.7 billion. Segment profit increased slightly by 0.4% to $1.3 billion, with the profit contribution from revenue gains, solid generics performance and medical supply chain growth being offset by pharmaceutical contract repricings, the impact from anti-diversion activities and bad-debt expense.
Within our pharmaceutical supply chain, we enhanced our anti-diversion systems and processes to ensure they are effective at detecting the diversion of controlled substances, while minimizing the burden on legitimate customers. Without question, we will continue to focus on providing the safest and most secure supply chain and making ongoing improvements in this area, but I feel that the most significant challenges
of the past 18 months are largely behind us.
As we sought to balance our business mix, we increased
our focus on retail independent pharmacies, improved our service levels and enhanced customer contract compliance, particularly in generics, which resulted in us ending the year with three consecutive quarters of growth in our non-bulk business. We also saw 14% growth in our generics business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, outpacing the market.
We achieved exceptional results in Nuclear Pharmacy Services during fiscal 2009. Our team skillfully managed through supply issues and generic launches, while increasing profit
by more than 20% for the full year. In July, we also expanded our leading national network of nuclear pharmacies and further enhanced our capabilities to manufacture positron emission tomography (PET) agents for use in clinical
trials and commercial applications, which is an area of strong growth within the nuclear pharmacy industry.
The medical supply chain businesses that serve hospitals, ambulatory care sites and clinical laboratories ended fiscal 2009 with solid top- and bottom-line growth, creating a strong foundation for fiscal 2010.
This is an extraordinary time for healthcare providers, with ever increasing pressure on both costs and reimbursements, and we are well positioned to help our customers be
more cost-effective. For example, we established alliances with leading healthcare technology providers to better serve our customers with the addition of data cleansing services to help hospitals manage spend and electronic health record software for physician practices.
 