 R. KERRY CLARK
Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR CUSTOMERS, EMPLOYEES AND SHAREHOLDERS:
At Cardinal Health more than 40,000 employees worldwide are working toward a single mission: to help make healthcare safer and more productive.
We understand the critical and complex challenges healthcare providers and pharmacists face each day. Using our scale, expertise and market-leading capabilities, we are helping customers achieve high-quality results and drive meaningful change throughout the healthcare industry.
A STRONG FOUNDATION Fiscal 2007 was a good year for Cardinal Health and marked a return to strong growth with a more focused business model that we expect will provide a foundation for continued growth in the years to come.
After a thorough review of our business portfolio, we divested our Pharmaceutical Technologies and Services business for $3.3 billion, enabling us to focus the company on the needs of our healthcare provider customers. Proceeds from the sale were used to repurchase Cardinal Health stock, raising our past two- year repurchases to more than $5 billion.
Cardinal Health also became a leader in the $4 billion global respiratory care market when we invested $1.5 billion to acquire VIASYS Healthcare Inc. This strategic investment broadens our technology base and strengthens our global leadership with such acute care brands as AVEA® ventilators, Vmax® Encore pulmonary function measurement equipment, Nicolet® neurological solutions and Corpak® enteral feeding products. VIASYS will also accelerate our expansion to markets outside the United States where more than 40 percent of VIASYS’ sales are generated today. With integration well underway, we expect to achieve $85 million to $100 million in synergies during the next three years from the acquisition.
To support this tighter focus on healthcare providers,
we created a simpler more focused business model organized around two sectors: Healthcare Supply Chain Services, which includes our core pharmaceutical and medical products distribution businesses, and Clinical and Medical Products, which includes our manufactured technology products.
This move allows management of each sector to focus on their unique growth drivers to better serve customers and deliver operational efficiencies. While these two sectors have important differences, they are strategically connected through our common hospital selling organization, which leverages our scale across the company. Hospital sales now account for approximately $20 billion in annual revenue, making Cardinal Health the largest provider of products and services to hospitals in the U.S.
FISCAL 2007 REVIEW These actions helped Cardinal Health return to the improved financial results shareholders expect, with solid performance from Healthcare Supply Chain Services and the emergence of Clinical and Medical Products as a significant, value-creating growth engine for the company.
Consolidated revenue was up 9 percent to $86.9 billion, and non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations* were $1.4 billion, up 13 percent over the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations* for the year was $3.42, 20 percent above the $2.86 we recorded last year.
Our Healthcare Supply Chain Services sector grew revenue nearly 9 percent to $84 billion and profit 11 percent to $1.6 billion. This sector is core to the company and is a substantial generator of cash flow. Comprised of four key businesses that distribute pharmaceutical and medical products, operate the market- leading network of nuclear pharmacies, and develop custom surgical kits, our goal for Healthcare Supply Chain Services is to become even more efficient as we build a world class supply chain that improves the productivity of our customers operations.
Our businesses that distribute pharmaceuticals exceeded our expectations in fiscal 2007 and helped drive top- and bottom-line growth for the sector. As expected, our medical distribution businesses had a disappointing year, but we have turnaround plans in place and foresee a return to growth by the second half of fiscal 2008.

Fiscal 2007 marked a breakout year for our Clinical and Medical Products sector. Comprised of our market-leading intravenous infusion, automated dispensing and respiratory systems, and our line of infection prevention products, this sector accounted for more than 25 percent of the company’s profit. Revenue for the sector was $4.5 billion, up 11 percent from last year, and profits were $584 million, an increase of 20 percent over fiscal 2006. With an expanding profit margin of 13 percent, this sector will continue to be an important driver of consolidated operating margins.
Within the sector, we have a strong leadership position with our Alaris® infusion systems and Pyxis® medication dispensing systems. The combination of these core offerings provide protection against medication errors for more than 8.5 million doses administered every day at thousands of facilities around the world. This reach uniquely positions Cardinal Health as the undisputed leader in patient safety technologies.
In addition, the acquisitions of MedMined and Care Fusion expanded our technologies into infection detection and prevention and bedside barcode verification. We are already positioned well today with core infection-prevention products and we have innovative offerings in the pipeline. The end result is a safer and more efficient environment for clinicians, which leads to enhanced care for their patients.
Additional growth opportunities exist beyond our domestic boarders. In fiscal 2007, less than 10 percent of our earnings came from business outside the U.S., representing a significant opportunity to grow in new regions of the world. During the year, we created an international organization focused on key geographies and our acquisition of VIASYS, with business
in more than 100 countries, is an important accelerator of this effort.
Fiscal 2007 also saw the conclusion of one of the most challenging periods in our company’s history. The company reached a final settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in several other related lawsuits, concerning historical financial reporting practices that date back to fiscal 2000 to 2004. As we put these matters behind us, we can turn our full attention to customers and toward the future.
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we have made in the past year. The combination of a world class distribution sector and a fast-growing, higher-margin clinical and medical products sector differentiates us from competitors and provides an advantage that will continue to improve safety and productivity for our customers and deliver value to shareholders over the long term. And we intend to continue to extend this advantage.
LEADING CHANGE Around the world, the call for healthcare to be safer and more productive is generating more public interest than ever before. This public dialogue is leading to new business models that bring new practices and incentives to reduce errors and costs at every link in the chain of care. Cardinal Health is helping lead this change. We are looking across functional and geographic boundaries to develop customer- and patient-centered solutions that promise to lower operating costs, reduce administrative burden and improve safety, quality and transparency.
We are focusing our efforts on three critical areas where we can help make hospitals, pharmacies and clinical laboratories safer and more productive.
Integration. Technologies and services from Cardinal Health are helping hospitals integrate every link of the supply chain to ensure safety, efficiency and integrity of products from the manufacturer to the patient’s bedside. We are combining our Pyxis®, Alaris® and CareFusionTM technologies to create the industry’s most comprehensive and effective safeguard against medication errors. By closing gaps in the medication delivery system, we can reduce the errors that harm 1.5 million patients each year, boost confidence in the healthcare system and improve the profitability of hospitals.
Information. As insurance companies, regulators and consumers call for greater transparency and improved clinical performance, Cardinal Health is helping hospitals and pharmacies collect real-time data and use this information more strategically to improve outcomes. For example, hospitals using our MedMinedTM data mining surveillance services can leverage their clinical data to reduce infections that currently affect one of every 20 patients admitted to hospitals annually. Supply managers can also use our CardinalASSIST® and ValueLink® services to implement just-in-time strategies that save time and money, while reducing stock-outs.
Innovation. In the emerging consumer-centric healthcare environment, innovation must move closer to the point of care than ever before. We are cultivating a culture of innovation that is leading to new products and process improvements that help reduce human error, ease delivery and increase the productivity of hospitals and pharmacies. Importantly, these programs give overextended caregivers more time to do what they do best: deliver high-quality care.
We believe we are in a leadership position today that will only strengthen for the future. We are aligned internally with the resources and expertise to support healthcare providers. And we are directing these resources externally to address the challenges our customers face in today’s complex environment.
Our call to action is something we refer to as ‘chasing zero,’ which is the theme of our first advertising campaign since 2003. We envision a day for healthcare providers with zero lost revenue, zero supply gaps, zero medication errors and zero hospital-acquired infections. By taking on these challenges, Cardinal Health is becoming increasingly essential to care.
And together, with our customers, we are making healthcare safer and more productive, while growing our business and improving the economics for the healthcare system.
Sincerely,
R. Kerry Clark
Chief Executive Officer
* See opposite page for a reconciliation of the differences between this non-GAAP financial measure and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
 