  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
  To our shareholders, employees and customers:
The year ended June 30, 2003, was the 20th fiscal year since
our public offering. And once again, we produced outstanding results. Our more than 50,000 associates and global management team delivered:
• Revenues that topped $50 billion for the first time. This 14 percent revenue growth, combined with a continued focus on improved productivity, drove record returns on sales to 4.5 percent and equity to 21.1 percent.*
• Earnings that reached a record $1.4 billion, with earnings per share of $3.19, continued our record of EPS growth of 20 percent or more for the past 16 years.*
• Financial resources that, at year end, were at a position unmatched in our history. Equity capital reached $7.8 billion. Cash at year end was $1.7 billion and our net debt-to-total capital ratio registered an all-time low of 11 percent. We generated more than $1 billion in operating cash flow for the year.*
Just as challenges emerged that we needed to overcome in each of the past 20 years, fiscal 2003 proved no different. These strong results demonstrate the unique ability of our people to anticipate and respond to the needs of our customers, while meeting our high performance targets.
Cardinal Health’s breadth of offerings makes it impossible to list all of our accomplishments in fiscal 2003. But, I am pleased to report that each of our businesses delivered exceptional results and finished the year with solid revenue momentum going into fiscal 2004. Our industry-leading revenue growth reflected expanded relationships with our customers in the vibrant health care industry, new customer relationships resulting from our outstanding services, and the success of innovative new products and expanded services.
ROBERT D. WALTER, Chairman and CEO
Notable product introductions included our TiburonTM impervious surgical drapes, the Cardinal Health SafetySourceSM integrated solution for medication safety and Pyxis PatientStation® SN – one of the most exciting new product introductions in our history. PatientStation SN moves us farther along the chain of care to the patient’s bedside to provide clinical information to caregivers and entertainment and information to patients. Our life sciences business – the area we expect will grow the fastest over the next several years – continued to deliver solutions that help customers bring new products to market with the introduction of AmnesteemTM, a generic dermatologic oral therapy. We also expanded two important services – medical education and pharmaceutical development services – to further help our manufacturing and biotechnology customers bring products to market more effectively.
Integrated selling efforts continue to pay off with new contracts for multiple products and services in both our health care provider and life sciences businesses. Agreements for integrated solutions utilizing multiple Cardinal Health products and services increased 75 percent during the year, and now represent one- quarter of our sales to health systems. And, in our life sciences business, we continued to improve our customer penetration, posting a 25 percent increase in the number of services we provide to each of our major pharmaceutical manufacturer customers.
Focus on productivity
Our goal has always been to invest aggressively but wisely to ensure cost leadership in each of our businesses – and we accomplished this again in fiscal 2003. Improvements in productivity measures were posted across all of Cardinal Health’s operations. As you would expect from a company focused on execution, we have many measures of productivity. One excellent productivity measure for Cardinal Health overall, operating earnings per employee, rose 13 percent last year. These gains reflected continued investment in information technology, automation, modernization of facilities and a relentless focus on cost containment.
Partnership. Integration. Innovation. 5

 “... we have fashioned a unique global company with market-leading positions in each of our businesses and the broadest offering to the chain of care.”
Spending on information technology across the company rose
15 percent last year to nearly $400 million. One of the largest expenditures was for new information technology at our pharmaceutical technologies business. This global initiative, which improves efficiency and customer access to vital information under one platform, further strengthens our ability to go to market as one company and enhances our ability to leverage our suite of offerings to provide solutions resulting in more effective cross-selling initiatives.
Nearly $300 million was invested last year in facility enhancements and capacity upgrades. During the year, we completed a seven-year program to modernize our pharmaceutical distribution centers, improving their efficiency while ensuring sufficient future capacity. We continue to drive scale in this business, with sales per pharma- ceutical distribution center more than doubling over the past five years, increasing to $1.4 billion, from $520 million. Investments in new capacity also included the expansion of our proprietary pharmaceutical manufacturing capability for highly specialized lyophilization and sterile blow/fill/seal technologies. This addition will help us meet an ever-growing demand for these unique capabilities by our pharmaceutical manufacturing and biotechnology customers and improve our operating efficiency.
Strategic progress across the company
Our mission is simple: To serve as a vital partner in developing, delivering and improving health care. We provide products, services and expertise that help our customers improve quality, efficiency and efficacy.
We made significant strategic progress during fiscal 2003. Our strategy: To focus exclusively on the high-growth health care industry; achieve scale in each product or service offering to drive competitive advantage; and expand our breadth of offering to deepen customer relationships, deliver integrated solutions and diversify our revenues.
Strategic highlights for the year included:
• The nearly $1 billion acquisition and integration of Syncor International,
building our scale in the fast-growing, high-margin nuclear pharmacy
business and broadening our services to our health care customers. Last year, we filled some 10 million prescriptions for radiopharma- ceutical drugs and have become the largest provider of nuclear pharmacy services in the United States.
• The opening of a $90 million state-of-the-art pharmaceutical development complex that provides comprehensive formulation and clinical-scale manufacturing for oral dosage forms. It further expands our suite of offerings to pharmaceutical manufacturers and biotechnology companies. We are very excited about this new complex that serves as a showcase for all of our proprietary offerings. Nothing else like it exists in the world.
• The launch of our new Cardinal Health brand, which furthered our integrated selling efforts by bringing all of our businesses together under one company name and essential focus of “Working together. For life.” Once we went to market under 22 different names. Now, when we deliver on our promise to innovate, integrate and partner, all of Cardinal Health contributes to enhancing our reputation for making health care better.
A great position
Today, we enjoy an unmatched capital position and growing brand recognition. Through internal growth and acquisition, we have fashioned a unique global company with market-leading positions in each of our businesses and the broadest offering to the chain of care. Our proprietary offerings help cement customer relationships, while higher margin products and services drive our profitability.
A decade ago, all of our revenues and earnings came from pharma- ceutical distribution. At that time, we set an objective to broaden our offerings and deepen our relationships with customers. While we posted rapid growth in our pharmaceutical business, we also expanded our suite of offerings through acquisition and internal growth. Today, revenues generated outside pharmaceutical distribution contribute nearly 60 percent of our net earnings. This diverse base strengthens our relationships with customers and bolsters our financial flexibility.
6 Cardinal Health Summary Annual Report 2003

 “ With capital to deploy, our broad customer relationships and a seasoned, skillful management team, we are well-positioned to grow along the chain of care and to continue our superior performance.”
Our opportunity to make a difference in health care has never been greater. We are reminded daily of the responsibility we have to the many lives we touch:
• The Cardinal Health family now comprises more than 50,000 employees in 22 countries on five continents.
• Cardinal Health products are used in one of every two surgeries in the United States, and we manufacture one-quarter of all consumable medical products.
• More than 90 of the top 200 drugs use one or more of our pharmaceutical technologies or services.
• Fifteen of the 17 hospitals recently named by U.S. News & World Report as the top hospitals in the nation use our automated PyxisTM medication and supply-dispensing machines.
• One-third of all pharmaceutical, laboratory and medical and surgical products used in the United States flows through one of our logistics facilities.
• And, every night, we make more than 40,000 deliveries in the United States to someplace along the chain of care.
To illustrate the countless ways we support the chain of care, the pages that follow tell the story of a seven-year-old patient we call Jill. While the scientists, doctors, radiologists and pharmacists are the stars of Jill’s story, Cardinal Health is there, too – providing the products, services and solutions that help our customers focus on what really matters – improving Jill’s life.
Shaping the future
We plan on delivering strong performance in 2004. Long term, we are committed to:
• Earnings-per-share growth in the mid-teens or better
• Revenue growth faster than the markets in which we compete
• Free cash flow equal to 60 percent of net earnings • Return on equity of more than 20 percent
Our leadership team members continue to manage their businesses with their customary discipline and diligence – challenging each
other and their teams every day to identify innovative ways of investing in our talent, our resources and our future. With nearly one-half of Cardinal Health employees owning shares, we all have a stake in our future. And, we intend to continue our long history of doing things the right way – being open, honest and ethical in everything we do.
We have become one of America’s largest corporations – ranking 19th in size on the Fortune 500 list. Our growth opportunities are large and diverse in the still-fragmented $4 trillion health care industry world- wide. With capital to deploy, our broad customer relationships and a seasoned, skillful management team, we are well-positioned to grow along the chain of care and to continue our superior performance.
From “discovery to recovery,” opportunities abound to apply our research and development, distribution and manufacturing skills in new markets worldwide. With our broad offerings and unparalleled expertise, prospects have never been brighter to leverage our strong customer relationships and deep knowledge of the industry to help solve health care’s most pressing challenges and continue to build value for our shareholders.
I’m excited about the future of Cardinal Health. And, I’m energized by what we do today and by the countless innovations we will introduce tomorrow to help our customers help patients like Jill.
Thank you for your support and contribution to the health of Cardinal Health.
Sincerely,
Robert D. Walter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 7
