To our employees, customers and shareholders:
“What can one company do?” is the fitting title for the Cardinal Health Fiscal 2004 annual report because it addresses the many ways we are working together with customers to make health care better. That is our mission. We act in partnership with our customers who ultimately deliver health care to patients. We do it by delivering market-leading products and services, or by combining these capabilities to create unique solutions for customers. It is Cardinal Health’s singular focus on improving health care, the dedication of our more than 55,000 associates worldwide, and the breadth and depth of resources that position us as one company able to deliver on our commitment of “Working together. For life.”
In fiscal 2004, we made considerable progress by improving current operations, innovating new product offerings, adding new capabilities and deploying our growing resources to new markets. At the same time, we embarked on a transition in the pharmaceutical distribution business model that will continue through fiscal 2005. While this transition contributed to lower- than-anticipated earnings growth, it has not slowed the progress we continue to make for the long term, nor did it stop us from delivering solid operating performance during the year.
In recently filing our Form 10-K for fiscal 2004, we also announced certain findings from an internal review by the Audit Committee of our board, which began in April with the assistance of independent counsel. The Form10-K includes information about revenue reclassification and the treatment of cash discounts within the company’s Pharmaceutical Distribution and Provider Services segment, timing of revenue
recognition within the Automation and Information Services segment and earnings restatements from certain balance sheet reserve and accrual adjustments. To strengthen our reporting and disclosure practices for the future, we are in the process
of implementing a variety of measures, including the creation of an Office of the Chief Compliance Officer to help ensure the company is following best practices with regard to regulatory and compliance matters and making improvements in disclo- sure processes, financial controls and procedures.
From a financial perspective, revenue grew to $65 billion, up
15 percent, and in line with our long-term growth goal of low- to-mid teens. With these results, Cardinal Health now ranks as the 17th largest U.S. corporation based on Fortune magazine’s annual listing. Earnings from continuing operations increased 10 percent to 1.5 billion, or $1.6 billion excluding special items. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 14 percent from last year to $3.47, or $3.55 before special items. Our earnings per share results reflected a drop off in earnings growth in the second half of the year, driven primarily by challenges in pharmaceutical distribution and in the start up and associated costs of new sterile manufacturing projects.*
Our return on equity was strong at 20.7 percent before special items, meeting our long-term target. And finally, operating cash flow was $2.6 billion, with free cash flow reaching $2.2 billion – substantially exceeding our goal of 60 percent of net earnings. We ended the year in a strong financial position with nearly $8 billion of equity and a net debt-to-total-capital ratio of 25 percent.*
02
What can one company do?

The company’s ability to generate cash and deploy capital continues to be a significant differentiator in the market and will benefit customers and shareholders well into the future.
During the year, we deployed a total of $4.5 billion in cash by investing in current operations, funding strategic acquisitions and repurchasing 24.2 million shares of Cardinal Health stock. The company’s ability to generate cash and deploy capital continues to be a significant differentiator in the market and will benefit customers and shareholders well into the future.
Transition in Pharmaceutical Distribution
Cardinal Health is undergoing a major change in its pharmaceu- tical distribution business model, primarily related to how we acquire inventory and receive compensation for the distribution services we provide manufacturers. In the past, a significant portion of our compensation for distributing products resulted from buying excess inventory from manufacturers to earn higher gross margins as prices rose. This “buy and hold” model has become inherently inefficient for both the distributor and manufacturer and, therefore, requires we transition to a more efficient model, based on lower inventory levels and fee-based compensation for distribution services.
To facilitate this needed transition, we are engaging in ongoing discussions with manufacturers about the unique economics to distribute their individual product lines. On Aug. 27, we established a new policy to transition our distribution agreements to a fee-based model with fees unique to each manufacturer. These agreements call for stable and predictable compensation, not contingent on inflation and intended to fully replace compensation from the buy-and-hold model. We fully expect to transition all agreements. However, in situations
where we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms, we have notified manufacturers that Cardinal Health will assist them in transitioning to another method of distribution.
In the near term, we expect some variability in the performance of this business, but over the long term we believe its future is secure. We provide an indispensable service to our manufacturer and health care provider customers, and expect to continue to do so for many years.
Strategic and Operational Highlights
Long-term, Cardinal Health’s future lies in the strength and consistency of our strategy:
– We focus exclusively on health care, one of the world’s
largest and fastest-growing industries.
– Within health care, we strive to drive competitive advantage
by achieving scale and market-leading positions within each
of our product or service offerings.
– We deepen customer relationships by expanding the breadth
of our offerings and delivering integrated solutions. As we expand, we gain opportunities to bring together market- leading products and services to deliver considerably more value to customers.
In fiscal 2004, we made significant progress against this strategy by investing in our businesses, aligning our diverse resources across Cardinal Health to better address key markets and acquiring strategic companies that extend our capabilities.
Cardinal Health 2004 Annual Report
03

The future of Cardinal Health remains very bright. We are well positioned with market-leading products and services in our core markets. We have the resources, capabilities and expertise to deliver superior value for our customers.
We took necessary steps to better position Cardinal Health to be a healthy, growing $100 billion company in the future by defining five core operating strategies that guide our execution:
– Strengthen our presence in the hospital market
– Pursue growth opportunities outside the U.S.
– Create a leadership position at the patient point of care
– Build future advantage in pharmaceutical distribution
– Participate in the highest value opportunities in the biotech
and generic drug markets
Actions taken to support these strategies already serve the company and our customers well. For example, we experienced a revenue increase of more than 20 percent from corporate agreements with health systems, a direct result of our efforts to bring products and services together for hospital customers. These agreements, totaling more than $7 billion in annual sales, represent strategic customer relationships that involve multiple Cardinal Health lines of business. This integrated approach provides value to customers above and beyond what can be achieved by any single business unit.
Moving forward, we’re putting a great deal more focus on
this kind of integration. Our objective is to align our resources internally so hospitals and other providers of care can easily benefit from the broad capabilities we offer. From manufacturing to distribution, consulting to advanced clinical automation,
we are integrating industry-leading offerings in ways no single competitor can to help customers make measurable improve- ments in their clinical and economic performance. This is the essence of our integrated provider solutions strategy.
We also completed the $2.1 billion strategic acquisition of Alaris Medical Systems, a global leader in intravenous (IV) medication safety products and services. This acquisition addresses three of our core strategies by extending Cardinal Health’s product portfolio in the hospital market, increasing our presence in strategic markets outside the U.S. and strengthening our leadership at the patient point of care. Alaris develops and manufactures systems for the safe delivery of IV medications, including comprehensive safety software, services and the disposable products necessary for use in those systems. Nearly two-thirds of Alaris’ revenues are generated by the sale of proprietary disposable supplies. It employs nearly 3,000 people worldwide.
Synergies from the acquisition should reach $100 million of earnings on a pretax basis by the end of fiscal 2007. Alaris® products for intravenous medication and infusion therapy complement Cardinal Health’s Pyxis® medication safety offerings at the patient’s bedside. We are exceeding our own aggressive timelines to integrate Alaris with Cardinal Health and, as a result, we united Alaris, Pyxis and our Clinical Services and Consulting groups in a new Clinical Technologies and Services organization. Combined, this Cardinal Health offering has the capability to dispense a comprehensive array of medication dosage forms delivered at a patient’s bedside and provide valuable information to improve the efficiency and patient safety within the hospital.
During the fiscal year, we also acquired The Intercare Group plc, a European service provider for pharmaceutical and biotech companies. This $570 million acquisition expands Cardinal
04
What can one company do?

Health’s sterile-manufacturing capacity and enables the company to better serve global customers. Intercare is a leader in the manufacturing of prefilled syringes for European customers. But it also complements Cardinal Health’s pharmaceutical technologies and services with proprietary pharmaceutical development and manufacturing expertise in oral hormones and other potent dosage forms, specialty generic drugs and generic injectable products. With biotech drugs growing 20 percent annually, sterile manufacturing will continue to be one of the fastest-growing segments of health care.
Both Alaris and Intercare will help us address a larger portion
of the $4 trillion global health care market through strong customer relationships and experienced associates to help
grow our business. We recognize the potential for our products outside the U.S. and, therefore are launching an integrated European sales, service and marketing organization to accelerate this growth. To help improve our efficiency, we launched a Singapore-based business development group that concentrates on sourcing initiatives for products and explores broader opportunities in Asia, a vast market that Cardinal Health has
yet to address fully.
The progress we made to improve our position in the hospital market, in sterile manufacturing and with global expansion, combined with steps to strengthen our business model in pharmaceutical distribution, will fuel growth over the long term.
SEC Investigation
We announced in October 2003 that the Securities and Exchange Commission and, subsequently in May 2004, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York had each initiated inquiries into certain financial-reporting practices of Cardinal Health. These inquires, as well as the Audit Committee’s internal review, are ongoing and the SEC has converted its inquiry into a formal investigation. We will continue to respond to these inquiries by providing all required information.
Focus on the Future
We believe the future of Cardinal Health remains very bright. We are well positioned with market-leading products and services in our core markets. We have the resources, capabilities and expertise to deliver superior value for our customers. We see considerable opportunities for growth in the large, growing and global health care industry. And, we are focused on superior execution for the future.
Fiscal 2005 will be a year of transition as we work with manufac- turers to implement our policy for fee-based pharmaceutical distribution contracts. In sterile manufacturing, we continue to ramp up production for products already approved in the market with the expectation that they will contribute to earnings growth in the second half of the fiscal year. And, we are transitioning our organization. Recently, we assigned direct responsibility to key leaders for each of our five core operating strategies to ensure we drive execution that is consistent with
Cardinal Health 2004 Annual Report
05

  Robert D. Walter Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
George L. Fotiades President and
Chief Operating Officer
our historic standards. As we manage these transitions, earnings per share growth in fiscal 2005 is expected to be below our long-term guidance.
Though our stock price has declined, one of our goals is certainly to create long-term value for our shareholders, and we firmly believe that consistent, outstanding performance is the best way to create that value. That formula has rewarded Cardinal Health shareholders in the past and we remain committed to such performance in the future.
Therefore, despite short-term challenges, our performance goals over the long-term remain unchanged, including:
– Annual earnings-per-share growth of mid-teens or better
– Revenue growth of low-to-mid-teens, faster than growth
in the markets in which we compete
– Free cash flow equal to 60 percent of net earnings
– Return on equity of more than 20 percent annually
As this year’s annual report documents, one company – our company – clearly can accomplish a great deal. We push ourselves every day to innovate on behalf of our customers to help them address some of the most complex issues in health care.
As you will see in the pages that follow, through our products, services, employee expertise and the way we connect our broad capabilities, we create value for health care providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers worldwide. By adding value for them, we also add value for our employees and shareholders.
We are very confident in our future. We have a world-class management team, associates motivated to deliver for our customers every day, and a resolve to continue to innovate and lead within the health care industry.
Thank you for your ongoing support. Sincerely,
  06
What can one company do?
Robert D. Walter
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
George L. Fotiades
President and
Chief Operating Officer
*As referenced in the stakeholder letter, earnings from continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting, diluted earnings per Common Share from continuing operations before cumulative effect of change in accounting and return on equity exclude special items. Reference page 37 of this report for a reconciliation of Non-GAAP measurements to GAAP equivalents and for definition of other financial measures such as free cash flow and net debt to total capital.
