Dear Shareholders of Cardinal Health:
Fiscal 2012 was a year of considerable accomplishments. We achieved virtually all of our financial goals, including those for revenues, operating profit, earnings per share (EPS), margin rate growth and capital efficiency. We made excellent progress on our strategic priorities and continued to strengthen our organization by focusing on talent development and adding world-class leadership in key roles.
Specifically, full-year fiscal 2012 revenues were up 5 percent to $107.6 billion, with non-GAAP operating earnings up 13 percent to $1.9 billion.1 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.21, a 15 percent increase. In addition, our organization did another excellent job managing working capital, generating $1.2 billion in cash from operations for the full year. We returned $750 million of cash to shareholders in 2012, through both our differentiated dividend payout and share repurchases. We took advantage of opportunities to make a few small acquisitions to expand our market penetration, product offerings and market coverage, deploying $174 million for acquisitions. Our balance sheet remains an important asset, as we ended the year with $2.3 billion in cash. It was also a year which brought its challenges, some foreseen, like commodity costs, and some others unexpected, particularly our issues with the Drug Enforcement Administration around controlled drug policy. But through this, we continue to grow, learn and adjust -- a necessary ingredient for any thriving organization with bold longterm aspirations.

1 See page 12 for a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

Pharmaceutical segment highlights
Our Pharmaceutical segment recorded another exceptional year with revenue growth of 4 percent to $97.9 billion and segment profit up 17 percent to $1.6 billion. Generic pharmaceutical programs, including new product launches, the positive impact of acquisitions and increased margin under branded pharmaceutical agreements contributed to segment profit growth. Consistent with our strategy to build additional balance in our customer base and grow our generics business, we recently gained the opportunity to serve another 500 pharmacies through the acquisition of Dik Drug, a regional wholesaler. We ended the year with non-bulk sales comprising 59 percent of total sales, up from about 51 percent three years ago, a shift that also improved profit margin. While demand in the low energy side of our nuclear business remained soft in 2012, indicative of the industry's macroeconomic and reimbursement trends, the Positron Emission Topography (PET) business continued to show growth. And our Specialty Solutions group posted another year of robust revenue growth, in excess of 50 percent. The business continues to build important relationships with biopharmaceutical companies, providers and payors by offering innovative and value-enhancing programs, as evidenced by increased revenues from both new and existing customers.

Medical segment highlights
Revenue increased 8 percent to $9.6 billion for our Medical segment. Profit was $332 million, down 11 percent due to the expected commodity input cost headwind and costs associated with investment in our medical business systems transformation. We were pleased the Medical segment returned to profit growth in the fourth quarter of 2012 and we believe that the segment is positioned for solid double-digit growth in 2013. The commodity headwinds appear to have subsided and we expect to reap some of the benefits from our 2012 systems installation through improved margins and lower inventories. Our 2012 stream of product launches -- designed to bring quality, value and enhanced clinical benefits to our customers -- was well-received. Preferred products, including Cardinal Healthbranded products, grew faster than the rest of our product portfolio. We continue to expand our preferred products program, building out new product categories with Cardinal Health-branded products, as well as select national brands. From a channel perspective, Ambulatory Care -- physician offices, surgery centers and other sub-acute markets -- recorded strong growth.

International highlights
From an international perspective, our Canadian business recorded double-digit revenue growth. The integration of Futuremed Healthcare Products Corp., our 2012 acquisition in the Canadian long-term care market, complements our existing acute care medical-surgical platform and is progressing well. Our business in China once again posted double-digit revenue growth. We have now grown our footprint there to include 11 distribution sites and expanded our Chinese platform to include consumer healthcare products for retail pharmacies, direct-to-patient specialty distribution and medical device distribution.
1

Repositioning Cardinal Health -- Achievements realized; the path ahead
The work we completed in fiscal year 2012 continued to move us down a path we started on three years ago when we spun off CareFusion and set in motion a plan to transform Cardinal Health. It began with ensuring that we were executing flawlessly on our commitments to customers, partners and investors. The plan also called for initiatives focused on leveraging our strengths, while aligning with our goal of improving the cost-effectiveness of healthcare. A review of our efforts on these initiatives is not only a look at where we've been, but where we're going:

t Expanding our footprint in retail independent pharmacy: Important to balancing our business mix, today we serve over 7,500 independent pharmacies, a group that three years ago numbered around 4,000. t Building on our strong nuclear growth platform: We now possess a significantly broader network of PET facilities and a first-of-its-kind innovation laboratory and collaboration center, positioning us to grow and benefit from the exciting developments in neuroscience and oncology. We have grown our PET doses at a compound annual growth rate of 16 percent since fiscal 2008. Our national network of nuclear pharmacies and cyclotrons positions us well to take advantage of future growth in this area. t Expanding our presence in the fast-growth specialty pharmaceutical area: Our Specialty Solutions group today serves more than 1,700 oncologists through almost 400 oncology practices and in excess of 150 urology practices -- all customers with which we had virtually no presence just a few years ago. We continue to gain traction in the focus areas of oncology, rheumatology and urology. We are offering innovative solutions to the challenges faced by payors and providers in treating complex diseases.

t Building our business in ambulatory settings: As care continues to move toward more efficient and specialized settings, we have grown our footprint in these channels. We will continue to expand our position across the continuum of care. t Enhancing margin opportunities through our Medical segment preferred products programs: Our focus on product category expertise, sourcing and product-mix strategies has helped us deliver significant value to our customers and suppliers, while contributing to our margin. t Leveraging the recently built Medical technology infrastructure: This investment should allow us to marshal the full capabilities of the Cardinal Health portfolio to create value for our customers, replacing a legacy patchwork of systems which, in the past, made it difficult to work across business lines. t Building China business into a global growth platform: Our fiscal 2011 acquisition in China positions us to serve this enormous population and will serve as a growth platform for multiple business lines and for innovation. We continue to build out our geographic presence in this key market both organically and through regional acquisitions.

To date, these operational and strategic accomplishments have helped us achieve the financial goals we shared with investors during our December 2010 Investor Day, including the long-term achievement of a compound annual non-GAAP diluted EPS growth rate and operational Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of at least 10 percent and 11 percent, respectively.2 As we end our fiscal year 2012, I'm proud to report that we have tracked well ahead of those trajectories in 2011 and 2012 and remain committed to those long-term goals.

2

Operational TSR is defined as EPS growth plus dividend yield.

The Healthcare Landscape -- Our critical role
This is an extraordinary time in healthcare. A number of forces are coming together which are likely to reshape the environment in which we compete. Our nation is experiencing a dramatic demographic shift with the baby boom generation reaching Medicare-eligibility age in record numbers. At the same time, issues of public health have contributed to a population more likely to suffer from chronic disease. Given these forces, and in the absence of thoughtful change in the way we deliver, consume and pay for healthcare, our nation runs the risk that the growth of our spending on healthcare will "crowd out" investments necessary to drive innovation and our economy. This year's landmark Supreme Court ruling on the Affordable Care Act upholding most provisions of the law will mean that in the next 12 months a number of those provisions are expected to kick into place. But we recognize that healthcare is complex and personal, and the legislation created to reform healthcare is for some Americans an imperative and, for others, a threat to the system they know. Regardless of whether change occurs through legislation or market forces, change would seem inescapable. We see care becoming more coordinated, delivered in more cost-effective settings and driven by incentives increasingly linked to outcomes, rather than activities. Information which allows coordination and clinical best practices will be preferred. Finally, consumers are likely to be more active participants in managing their own health and healthcare choices. Cardinal Health is well-positioned to play a critical role in this changing landscape: t We will redouble our focus on productivity to efficiently support the additional patients in the system and deal with the corresponding pressures to reduce healthcare costs. t We will use our scale, our broad reach across the system and our portfolio of services and products to help bring coordination and efficiency. t We will continue to innovate around new ways to create system efficiency and help all of our partners, both upstream and downstream, provide highquality care in the most cost-effective way. These are the things around which we will mobilize in fiscal year 2013. I would like to thank all of our employees for their contributions this past year. Working in healthcare is a privilege, but also a responsibility. Our people take this responsibility very seriously. I see this every day through their commitment to their customers and to their communities. We enter fiscal 2013 in a strong position -- with the scale and reach to help shape our markets, with deep healthcare experience and insight, and with a commitment to making healthcare more cost-effective so our customers can focus on their patients. This is what will drive long-term customer and shareholder value. I thank all of our customers, business partners and shareholders for their continued support. Sincerely,

George S. Barrett Chairman and CEO Cardinal Health, Inc.

3

