3

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF COOPER CAMERON

We began 2000 with hopes that 1999's resurgence in oil and gas prices would be sustained at levels that would support a much-anticipated recovery in spending by our customers. Midway through, we were encouraged by the demand/supply scenario that appeared to support a long-term stabilization of prices. By year-end, we were surprised that activity had not accelerated more strongly and that our backlog remained relatively constant, rather than increasing. While our order book did not grow as briskly as we originally expected and would have liked, Cooper Cameron's profits showed steady improvement during the year.

Financial performance improves over prior year Revenues totaled $1.39 billion for 2000, down almost six percent from 1999's $1.48 billion. 1999 results, however, included $93 million in revenues from the rotating compressor business, which we sold at the end of last year's third quarter. Despite the lower revenue base, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were up by approximately 11 percent, to $215 million compared with last year's $193 million. Earnings per share, excluding nonrecurring items, increased from $1.00 to $1.53, up 53 percent from 1999. The percentage increase in EPS exceeded that of EBITDA, primarily because of lower interest expense as a result of our having reduced debt with the proceeds from the sale of the rotating business, as well as the absence of depreciation and amortization associated with that business. Recovery under way, but at modest pace Oil and gas prices rose during 2000 to the highest levels seen in the past decade. Oil prices spent most of the second half of the year above $30 per barrel before returning to a more moderate level in the high 20s by year-end. Natural gas prices rose steadily throughout the year, and with the approaching winter months, broke the $10 per mcf barrier on the futures market. Oil and gas markets have clearly uncoupled, with oil remaining a global commodity and North American natural gas demand being influenced more and more by growing electric power markets fueled by natural gas. Many expected higher prices to be the catalyst for a rapid recovery in drilling and development activity by energy producers worldwide. Although that has been true among certain customers focusing on natural gas in North

4

America, higher oil prices have not generated similar increases in spending in most international markets. Mergers among major producers, uncertainty about future hydrocarbon prices, cautious economic assumptions on large development projects and a measured approach to doing business in new international arenas like West Africa appeared to instill an extreme sense
$1,817 $1,893

needs and expectations become the focus of the manufacturing or service effort; data are accumulated to measure performance versus standards, and opportunities are identified for improving that performance; and resources are allocated to aggressively address the opportunities. The most important resources for the program are the people who execute the plan. Cooper Cameron began training key personnel in Six Sigma practices in late 2000, and there are already more than 50 projects under way in the various divisions. We expect these projects to generate meaningful contributions to earnings over the next several

of conservatism in many of our customers
$1,475

during the year.
$1,387

$1,395

We like the feel of this energy market. We believe that the current pace of activity is conducive to a sustained upcycle, and will bring about a relatively longer-term recovery. Spending by our primary customers is forecast to increase

96 97 98 99 00

by approximately 20 percent during 2001; we expect to capture a reasonable share of that incremental business. Six Sigma program begins In September 2000, Cooper Cameron initiated its Six Sigma program, with a goal of improving manufacturing and service results across each of the Company's divisions. Six Sigma has been

Revenues
($ millions)

years. This will be an ongoing business practice, not a short-term program. This effort, combined with Cooper Cameron's long-time emphasis on quality programs and "best practices" initiatives, is expected to give rise to significant improvements in business processes, customer satisfaction and overall profitability. Restructuring expected to be completed by mid-year 2001 We recorded significant nonrecurring charges during 2000 related to ongoing restructuring activity in our businesses, particularly in the Cooper Energy Services (CES) operations. We recognized more than $77 million in nonrecurring charges during the year, including nearly $37 million in non-cash write-offs of assets. About 87 percent of the charges were related to CES. Included were remaining costs from the 1999 decision to close the Grove City, Pennsylvania

$294

$323

successfully implemented in numerous worldclass companies, and the standards and practices
$193 $215

are well-suited to Cooper Cameron's quality and customer service goals. While Six Sigma's literal definition offers a statistical measure of variation from the norm, the program uses selected tools for evaluating,

96 97 98 99 00

$183

measuring and, most importantly, improving processes within an organization. Customer

EBITDA
($ millions)

5

Taking advantage of a healthy balance sheet At year-end, our balance sheet was as strong as it's ever been. Total debt was down to $192 million, and our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 18.6 facility; the transfer of equipment and operations from Mount Vernon, Ohio to other locations, including our new facility in Waller, Texas, west of
16.2% 17.1%

percent. We will continue to seek out acquisition opportunities, subject to our usual standards of strategically fitting within the current framework of our businesses. Such opportunities are difficult to find in a market where the prospects appear so encouraging for potential sellers. We may also choose to again repurchase our own common shares. We bought approximately 3.5 million shares at the end of 1999, at an average cost of about $28 per share. One of our stated objectives is to control our share count through repurchases, and we would certainly look on any decline in the stock price as an opportunity to reenter that market. Encouraging performances We spend a lot of time dealing with challenges across our businesses, and we sometimes forget to acknowledge the successes. Examples of these can be found throughout our operations. Cameron remains the primary driver of our operating and financial performance, and continues to raise the bar for performance as an industry leader. Cameron's worldwide aftermarket

Houston; and our recent decision to exit the
15.5% 13.1%

Superior gas engine line and close CES' Springfield, Ohio plant. That process will continue into the first half of 2001 and require additional charges along the way. Closing these old and

13.1%

expensive facilities clearly benefits us financially, and our product and market positions will be
96 97 98 99 00

EBITDA
(as a percent of revenues)

strengthened for the future. Other charges during 2000 were related to facility closure, restructuring and workforce reductions in a variety of Cameron locations, and there were some modest costs associated with Cooper Cameron Valves (CCV) and Cooper Turbocompressor (CTC). We separate these charges from our operating results because they do not represent an ongoing component of doing business and they stem from

$115

actions separate from day-to-day operations. Still, we cringe every time we characterize these

$72

items as nonrecurring or unusual, simply because
$65 $67

they seem to have become a too-regular part of our financial reporting. One of our goals during the first half of 2001 is to record the last of such charges. We can't guarantee there will be no more

$37

initiative, CAMSERVTM, has reinforced Cameron's role as an industry leader in parts and service, and boosted the aftermarket business to more than one-third of Cameron's revenues. We remain a

96 97 98 99 00

similar charges, but we'll do our best to wrap up the restructuring process as quickly as possible. Still, when we see substantial opportunities to improve our business, we won't hesitate to take decisive action.

Capital Expenditures
($ millions)

6

leading supplier of subsea trees and associated components for deepwater well completions, and our blowout preventers and related drilling controls systems are market leaders as well. And in the surface business--which includes production equipment installed both on land and on offshore platforms--we continue to hold the top market share position worldwide.
$1,894 $1,843

One of the greatest challenges at CES is dealing with demand for Ajax integral engine-compressor
$1,406 $1,303

equipment and services was not as robust as we expected, our earnings per share increased by more than 50 percent during 2000, and we expect our financial performance to improve again during 2001. Meanwhile, the pace of activity in the energy business, coupled with OPEC's apparent discipline and a healthy North American gas market, is fueling what should be an extended upcycle. In closing... During Cooper Cameron's first five years as a public company, we experienced a full cycle in the oil service business. We saw activity ramp up

$1,497

units. North American gas activity has stimulated customer interest in these gas compression packages. Cooper Turbocompressor (CTC) began an active aftermarket development effort last year, leveraging off its significant base of installed

96 97 98 99 00

equipment, and customer response has been extremely encouraging. The combination of

Orders
($ millions)

maintenance agreements, OEM parts and enhanced products and services are generating revenues in an area previously untapped by CTC. Prepared for the recovery (still) In my letter last year, I described how we had taken steps that would prepare us for the
$728 $786 $790

quickly from 1995 to 1997; dealt with the slowdown, beginning in late 1997 and extending throughout 1998; and have seen higher prices and growing demand for oil and gas lay the groundwork for the current recovery, which is now into its second year. While the Cooper Cameron name is a relative newcomer to the industry, our products and reputation are not. We have an outstanding base of loyal customers, and we're grateful for every one of them. Similarly, and not coincidentally, we have a very talented group of people who evaluate, plan and execute our business strategies year after year--and many of them have been doing so through several oil and gas cycles. Most of them are also Cooper Cameron shareholders; so their goals are faithfully aligned with yours and mine. They deserve our collective thanks.

inevitable return to higher activity levels, driven by increased oil and gas prices. Included in that
$513 $528

preparation was nearly $100 million of research and development spending over the past three years. We share the general industry view that spending on oil and gas exploration and development has not increased as quickly as most of us

96 97 98 99 00

had anticipated.

While the demand for our

Backlog
(at year-end, $ millions)

7

Lastly, I want to express my personal thanks to one of our directors, who will retire from our board at this year's annual meeting. Michael J. Sebastian has been on our board since Cooper Cameron's formation in 1995, and we were fortunate to reap the benefits of his leadership and experience over the past five years. On behalf of Cooper Cameron's employees, we appreciate your support, and we will do our best to continue the standards of performance and profitability your Company has established.

Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

