TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF COOPER CAMERON

"At Cooper Cameron, our employees and managers run our business with an eye toward increasing the value of our investors' stake in the Company."

I have never seen this industry more cautious. Whether it's a small independent considering drilling a shallow gas well in the Gulf of Mexico, or a major oil company reviewing the economics of a billion-dollar oil development offshore West Africa, or a service company considering investment in new equipment or facilities, there is a sense that every possible outcome is being carefully evaluated with an eye toward prudent risk-taking. This conservative stance seems particularly unusual in the face of recent oil and gas prices. As an investor in this industry, you should take comfort. We have been reminded in the past couple of years that sizable organizations--and not just those of us in the energy industry--can experience significant erosion of value in a very short time if managements and boards lose focus on their role as overseers of assets. At Cooper Cameron, our employees and managers run our business with an eye toward increasing the value of our investors' stake in the Company. Since so many of our employees, including management, have an equity ownership, it's easy to keep that focus. We've been a public company for nearly eight years. During that time, we have come through a number of cycles in the energy industry, adjusted our structure and our expectations accordingly and successfully dealt with the timing and duration of each cycle. At year-end 2002, our financial performance and our fiscal health both measured up quite well. · Since our creation in 1995, our stock price is up nearly 400 percent. · Our total assets are up almost $700 million, to just shy of $2 billion. · Stockholders' equity has more than doubled to more than $1 billion. · Net debt is $169 million, or less than 14 percent of total capitalization. · We've made more than $380 million in acquisitions, all paid for with cash and debt. During the past year, however, our earnings were lower than a year ago. Nevertheless, our people did an exemplary job of generating cash, allowing us to continue to improve our balance sheet. Our challenge for 2003 is to do even better. We've said before that the amount of business we do is primarily dependent on how much our customers choose to spend on finding and developing hydrocarbon reserves. Rig count forecasts, oil pricing models and gas supply projections can provide some sense of the direction and pace of activity, but customer behavior remains the driving force behind our operating and financial performance.

Being a market leader in our primary product lines certainly helps ensure that we retain a meaningful share of business across all phases of the cycles in this industry. Additionally, our success this year in booking a number of significant subsea project orders has bolstered our backlog and improved our visibility in this area of Cameron's business. Yet, the overall picture remains a bit cloudy. At this time a year ago, we noted that we expected our earnings during 2002 would be down from 2001 levels. While that forecast was correct, we actually finished the year as a stronger and more financially sound organization. With a little help from the energy markets, we anticipate improved financial results during 2003, and we feel a reasonable opportunity exists for earnings growth to continue into 2004. Of course, this assumes no significant divergence from forecasters' current expectations for energy demand and drilling activity. North American market uncertainty overshadows story Industry observers have had a difficult time reconciling $5.00 natural gas with the level of drilling activity in North America. The U.S. rig count turned up modestly in the second quarter of 2002, but then plateaued for the rest of the year. Each of our divisions depends on rig-related business in some way, and last year's results reflect the impact of this stagnant domestic drilling environment. Rather than getting caught up in this malaise, we took a variety of actions across our divisions to prepare for 2003. While Cameron's significant presence in the domestic gas market has created some challenges, other segments of its business have improved. More subsea orders were booked this year than at any time in the Company's history, and nearly two-thirds of Cameron's year-end backlog was in its subsea business. Of course, the sheer size of the projects entails an added level of execution risk, but Cameron's successes to date in the subsea arena give us comfort that we can perform up to our customers' expectations. Also, while the domestic surface business has suffered with the stagnant U.S. rig count, international land and surface activity has essentially offset declines in the North American market. Cooper Cameron Valves performed well in a difficult market, as it entered 2002 with a strong pipeline backlog that kept revenues and margins up through much of the year. While orders softened with the rig count, the December acquisition of Nutron Industries, a Canadian valve manufacturer, should provide a critical addition to Cooper Cameron Valves' revenues and profits. In late 2002, Cooper Compression initiated a series of restructuring steps, including the closure of thirteen facilities. These actions were necessary to address a market where

2

3

"Being a market leader in our primary product lines certainly helps ensure that we retain a meaningful share of business across all phases of the cycles in this industry."

"Whether it's working with customers to find solutions, conveying our story to investors, soliciting advice and input from fellow employees, or partnering with vendors and suppliers, we expect our people to hold themselves to the highest of standards."

new equipment demand is down significantly. The difficulties faced by aftermarket customers--transmission and gathering systems operators--resulted in declines in the traditionally steady parts and service markets in late 2002. Global energy demand and pricing remains uncertain Global oil demand increased in 2002, although only modestly. Forecasters expect oil demand to increase at a somewhat higher rate during 2003, perhaps one to two percent, fueled by an increase in U.S. consumption. On the supply front, uncertainty regarding Venezuela and Iraq is adding to the traditional uncertainty posed by OPEC's behavior. As a global commodity, oil supply and pricing remains subject to basic economics, the financial health of various producing nations and increasing political influences. While natural gas has gained greater visibility in the global energy picture, its primary impact on our business is in the North American markets, where its price is subject to seasonal influences, but essentially depends on the relationship between the level of demand and of the U.S. and Canadian supply. One source estimates that U.S. demand for natural gas declined during 2002 by about 1.7 percent, but will increase by as much as 4.7 percent in 2003, assuming industrial demand growth continues as forecast. Meanwhile, it appears that U.S. gas production declined during 2002. This combination is expected to generate an increase in net imports of gas during 2003; depending on rig activity and resulting production, imports are likely to increase again in 2004. Natural gas will become increasingly important in the global economy as gas infrastructure and electric power generation become more widely established, and as transportation of gas via LNG facilities becomes more widely accepted. Company-wide leadership changes announced A variety of changes in leadership positions across the Company have taken place over the last two years.

HSE commitment: "No one gets hurt. Nothing gets harmed."
Cooper Cameron's health, safety and environmental (HSE) programs have gained greater visibility as customers have placed increasing emphasis on dealing with companies that share a commitment to providing a healthy and safe workplace and protecting the environment. The Cooper Cameron HSE Council, made up of key representatives from the divisions, provides leadership and oversight for the Company's efforts in addressing local, national and international rules and regulations. By coupling these with industry standards and practices, Cooper Cameron's business units can tailor their HSE programs to the specific needs and requirements of each location and operating environment. This attention to detail yields results like Cameron's Brunei joint venture, which installed 600 wellheads over the past 15 years without a single lost-time incident (LTI); the Cameron Oman field service group, which has recorded eight years without an LTI; and Cooper Compression's Salina, Kansas facility, which has surpassed 1,000 days without a lost-time incident. ISO 14001 is an international standard for environmental management systems. Certification requires developing programs to identify and address environmental matters, implementing processes that solve current issues and establishing practices that ensure regular review and continual improvement on the environmental front. ISO 14001 certification has been awarded to Cooper Cameron facilities in Aberdeen, Scotland; Beziers, France; Leeds, England; and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Cooper Cameron's Six Sigma program has generated meaningful cost savings and process improvements since its creation in 2000. Now, the Company is using Six Sigma methodology as another tool in the HSE effort to identify and eliminate hazards in the workplace. Customers, employees, suppliers and partners have come to expect world-class HSE performance from Cooper Cameron. Our reputation depends on our commitment to the vision that "No one gets hurt. Nothing gets harmed."

Jack Moore was named president of our Cameron division in July of 2002, taking over a position I had filled on an interim basis since mid-2001. Jack has more than 25 years of experience in the oilpatch, and has been with Cameron since 1999. John Carne became president of the Cooper Cameron Valves organization in April of 2002, following the retirement of John Chapman, who had headed CCV since its inception in 1995. John Carne has been with the Company for more than 30 years, including positions in both the Cameron and Cooper Energy Services organizations. Bob Rajeski joined us in 1999 as president of Cooper Turbocompressor, and assumed the additional role of president of Cooper Energy Services in mid-2001. With the combination of those two entities into Cooper Compression in mid-2002, Bob now serves as president of that division. He has more than 35 years of experience in the compression industry. We've featured each of these gentlemen in his respective division's section of this report. I believe they are indicative of the quality of people we have throughout this organization; they will serve you well as stewards of the Company's assets. At the end of 2002, we also named a new chief financial officer at Cooper Cameron. Franklin Myers assumed this role after Tom Hix retired at year-end. Tom had filled this position--and filled it very well--since the creation of Cooper Cameron in 1995. I have had the pleasure of working with him, and knowing him as a friend, for more than ten years, and I will miss his guidance and support. Franklin has also been with the Company since its creation, and brings an outstanding skill set to his new role as CFO. I believe that his appointment reconfirms the quality of our "bench strength" within the organization. Finally, I note with regret the retirement in 2002 of Grant Dove, who had served as a director of the Company since 1995. In light of the valued leadership and measured counsel he provided during his term on the board, we appointed him to the position of Director Emeritus upon his

retirement, and we have continued to benefit from his wisdom and experience. Financial position has never been better Debt, net of cash and short-term investments, was only $169 million at year-end, and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio was less than 14 percent. While our first priority is reinvesting in our business through capital spending or immediately additive acquisitions, we have also repurchased our own common shares from time to time and will consider additional purchases in the future. "The way we run our business" This catchphrase has been a central focus of our Six Sigma effort since its initiation in 2000, but it represents more than just a motto for a single program. Whether it's working with customers to find solutions, conveying our story to investors, soliciting advice and input from fellow employees, or partnering with vendors and suppliers, we expect our people to hold themselves to the highest of standards. The goal is to generate results, and returns, that are among the best in the industry. We appreciate your support of our efforts. Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

$1,893

17.1%

$1,843

16.1%

$1,740

15.5%

$1,665

$1,564

$1,475

$1,538

$115

$790

13.1%

$1,387

12.7%

$1,303

$1,406

$251

$695

33.5% 22.1%

$323

$125

$828

$393

$196

$193

$513

17.3%

$202

$67

21.7%

$215

$82

$528

$256

98 99 00 01 02 Revenues 4
($ millions)

98 99 00 01 02 EBITDA
($ millions­excluding special items)

98 99 00 01 02 EBITDA
(as a percent of revenues­ excluding special items)

98 99 00 01 02 Capital Expenditures
($ millions)

98 99 00 01 02 Orders
($ millions)

98 99 00 01 02 Backlog
(at year-end, $ millions)

98 99 00 01 02 Debt (net of cash and short-term investments)
($ millions)

$169

98 99 00 01 02 Debt/Cap at year-end
(Net debt/Total capitalization)

13.9%

$65

$176

5

