}

To the stockholders of Cameron
"Go with the flow." To some, this means relinquishing control and allowing external forces to dictate results. To Cameron, it means assessing the environment and the factors that impact the way we run our business, and then taking actions that generate the best possible outcome. I am pleased with the steps we took during this past year to improve Cameron's long-term potential, and I am pleased with the short-term results they produced.
Energy markets remained volatile during 2009, though not to the extremes we saw in 2008. The beginning-of-year lows for oil of around $50 per barrel gave way to prices that moved into the $70 to $80 range for most of the second half of the year. Compared with the roller-coaster ride that crude experienced in 2008, this was a welcome respite. North American natural gas markets also seemed to stabilize, albeit at lower levels than the averages of 2008. Prices ended the year in the $5 to $6 per mcf range, reflecting high storage levels and a modest level of recovery in consumption following the steep decline in industrial gas demand on the heels of the weakened economy.

>>>>>>>>>>>>

}

>>>
In this letter a year ago, I mentioned that several of our businesses were entering 2009 with solid backlog levels that provided visibility and stability. Execution by our people-- including delivering that backlog efficiently and maintaining cost discipline--led to a solid operating and financial performance. Project execution, in particular, played a key role, not only in delivering predictable financial results, but also in securing the trust and confidence of our customers. We led our peer group once again in 2009 in the total number of subsea tree and new floater and jackup drilling stack awards, evidencing the confidence both operators and contractors have in our people, technology and execution. Other notable accomplishments for the year include the following:     We completed the acquisition of NATCO Group Inc., the largest transaction  We maintained our position as the number one or two player in the majority  Our orders, revenues and backlog all declined from the record levels posted

 in Cameron's history.  of our business lines.  in 2008, but held up remarkably well in a challenging environment, allowing  us to generate another solid earnings year.   Our stock price more than doubled in 2009, making us one of the top  performers in the Oil Service Sector Index.

NATCO ACQUISITION CREATES A NEW PROCESS SYSTEMS LEADER
The completion of the NATCO acquisition in November positions Cameron as the global leader in process systems technologies for the oil and gas industry. The strategic fit with Cameron's other units is impressive; it provides us the opportunity to bring together complementary services and technology from our valves, measurement, wellhead, compression and, of course, our pre-existing process and separation businesses. The employees, technologies, infrastructure and customer base that were part of NATCO are now embedded in our Process Systems division. This strengthens our current product and system offerings, and advances our efforts to develop broader solutions for deepwater separation technology that will create additional value for our customers and shareholders.

BALANCE SHEET REMAINS HEALTHY
We exited 2009 with our balance sheet as strong as when we entered the year. We would have liked to use cash in the NATCO acquisition, but NATCO's board of directors preferred that their shareholders receive Cameron stock, and thus have the opportunity to reap the long-term benefits of the combination of these two organizations. As of year-end, with more than $1.8 billion in cash and total debt of approximately $1.25 billion, we still have one of the more enviable balance sheets in the industry. Capital spending in 2009 totaled $241 million, including $38 million to complete the new surface equipment facility in Romania, which opened in late 2009, and $49 million on the expansion of our subsea capacity in Malaysia, which was substantially completed in the fourth quarter of 2009. We also continued to invest in new machine tools and other

6

efficiency improvements at facilities across all of our business lines. These investments have enhanced our position as a low-cost manufacturer in our markets and contributed significantly to our profitability in a difficult pricing environment. With NATCO occupying so much of our time and resources, and with the M&A market still in relative limbo, opportunities for further acquisitions were limited during 2009. We are continuing to search for good businesses that can be acquired at fair prices, and I expect to see us active on the acquisition front again in 2010. Our share repurchase program had to be shelved from the time when we signed the agreement to acquire NATCO in June until the completion of the acquisition in November, but we began buying our own stock again after the closing. During the year, we bought about 935,000 shares for approximately $29 million, and our authorization for share repurchase was approximately 6.2 million shares as of year-end. We will continue to buy back our stock on an opportunistic basis.

NEW DIRECTOR ADDED; THANKS TO EMPLOYEES FOR 2009 PERFORMANCE
I am pleased to note the addition of Jon Erik Reinhardsen, president and CEO of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA, to our board of directors in June of 2009. Jon Erik brings to Cameron a wealth of experience in the oil service industry and a global perspective on the business, and he will fit well with a board that has distinguished itself in its commitment to accountability, good business practices and building shareholder value. Our employees' performance in 2009 was outstanding. They remained focused on execution and maintaining the standards of performance and excellence for which Cameron is known. Their commitment to performing their responsibilities safely, without risk to themselves, others, the environment or the locales in which we operate, led to numerous industry and community recognition awards. Our people proved last year that they not only go with the flow, they roll with the punches in difficult environments and deliver results. While it appears that our customers are entering 2010 with a higher degree of confidence in the future direction of oil and gas prices, I still expect the coming year to offer a new set of challenges. I have no doubt that we will perform up to the expectations of the constituents we serve, including customers, shareholders, suppliers and partners. Our best effort is the least you can expect. Sincerely,

Jack B. Moore President and Chief Executive Officer

>>>>>>>>

7

