To the stockholders of Cooper Cameron: We ended this letter in the 1996 annual report with the observation that we expected the Cooper Cameron employees, many of whom are also stockholders, to "create

new successes" during 1997.

They did.

The collective operating and ﬁnancial performance of our businesses again exceeded even our expectations. Wall Street rewarded companies in our sector with ever-increasing valuations for most of the year, continuing a two-year run in which oil service stocks have outperformed the overall market. But a variety of concerns—including softness in oil and gas prices, economic uncertainty in Asian markets and year-end proﬁt-taking among investors in our industry—combined to stall this momentum in late 1997. The malaise has continued into early 1998. Such bumps in the road are to be expected, and are certainly a fact of life in this industry. We take comfort in the combination of current fundamental strengths and long-term opportunities that exist within our businesses, and our employees remain committed to exploiting these advantages for the benefit of our customers, stockholders and other constituents.

Great people and great products make for

a great story.

Global market requires flexibility, responsiveness

95

96

97

Revenues
($ Millions)

The reactions of U.S. equity investors to events around the world, be it concerns about the Southeast Asian markets or OPEC’s oil production plans, serve as a reminder of how this is truly a global economy. But at Cooper Cameron, we have for many years been a supplier to an international customer base. During 1997, more than half of our revenues and earnings before taxes were generated from customers who operate outside the United States. We manufacture and assemble equipment for our customers at plant locations around the world, especially in or near primary energy-producing arenas. And with numerous international service facilities, we can be on-site right away when our customers need us. Does this global exposure mean we are subject to greater risks? Generally, no. In fact, our geographic diversity gives us the same beneﬁts that an investor gleans from spreading his risk among a variety of investment vehicles. Declining activity in particular regional markets generally has only a limited

impact on the collective performance of a company with the international exposure of Cooper Cameron. And while we operate in more than 100 countries, our ﬁnancial risk is minimized by trading primarily in U.S. dollars and relatively stable European currencies.
Financial and operating performance continues to improve

$1,806

$1,388

Revenue growth reﬂects strong markets— Our revenues increased more than 30 percent to $1.81 billion in 1997, up from 1996’s $1.39 billion, driven by the full-year effects of acquisitions, pricing improvement and strong sales efforts on the part of our people in a robust market for oil service equipment. Productivity levels improve— The strength of our markets has necessitated the addition of new employees—more than 1,000 people during the year—but our benchmark ‘revenue per employee’ measure improved once again. Each employee equated to an average of approximately $190,000 in 1997 revenue, up from nearly $170,000 in 1996.

4

$1,144

1997 EBITDA target exceeded— Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as a percent of revenue reached 16.3 percent, surpassing the stated goal of 15 percent on a consolidated basis, driven by Cameron’s steady improvement. Balance sheet and debt levels provide ﬂexibility— Total debt at year-end was $377 million, down from $395 million a year ago, in spite of greater inventory needs resulting from increasing orders and manufacturing activity. Meanwhile, increased earnings have bolstered the equity account, lowering our debt-to-total capitalization ratio from 43.3 percent a year ago to 37.0 percent at yearend 1997. The attendant ﬁnancial ﬂexibility allows us to comfortably pursue transactions like our early 1998 agreement to acquire Orbit Valve.
Stock split, share repurchases affirm management confidence

in the market in early 1998, viewing this as an appropriate use of cash, especially at recent price levels.
Raising targets again in 1998

A year ago, we set a 1997 EBITDA target for each of our operating divisions at 15 percent of revenue, up from the prior year’s 13 percent goal. While the consolidated performance exceeded the target quite handily, reaching 16.3 percent, some parts of our business fell short. For 1998, our business segments have each been given their own individual goals, above their respective 1997 performance. Attaining these would push the consolidated EBITDA results signiﬁcantly higher. Several of the following steps will be important to meeting those current-year targets; others will serve as the foundation for continuing our earnings growth into subsequent years. Improve Cameron’s manufacturing throughput and inventory turns—Orders and backlog continue to be strong, and require that we get products ‘out the door’ more quickly. We took steps to speed the process in several of Cameron’s plants during 1997, and have allocated capital for further improvements this year. Continue successes of “new” companies— Cooper Cameron Valves has been a shining example of how carving out a business line as a separately managed unit can improve market focus, cost controls and returns. We expect to continue the positive momentum generated by the ﬁrst year’s operations of Cameron Controls, which booked nearly $36 million in orders during 1997. Similarly, the Chokes business (discussed in the Petroleum Production Equipment section) is now a separate business in the Cameron organization and is expected to show incremental proﬁts this year. We have also expanded manufacturing of our own actuators for Cameron’s subsea and surface valves, improving our proﬁt margins.

In May 1997, the Board of Directors announced a two-for-one split of Cooper Cameron common stock, effective June 13. At that time, the stock had risen from its initial trading level of less than $20 in mid-1995 to around $70 per share. The Board determined that the split would not only make Cooper Cameron a more affordable investment option for investors, but also reﬂected the Board and management’s conﬁdence in the Company and the industry going forward. That conﬁdence remains unchanged. In addition, the Board had previously approved a stock repurchase plan, under which we may purchase up to ﬁve million shares in the open market from time to time. In October, we began buying relatively modest amounts of our stock. Later in the fourth quarter we increased the authorizations, and by year-end we had acquired approximately $34 million worth of stock, representing about 503,000 shares. We have continued to purchase our stock

95

$81

96

$183

97

EBITDA
($ Millions)

$294

5

Remain focused on cost control—Cameron’s challenge is to maintain its relative cost structure in an environment where orders and revenues have doubled since 1994. Cooper Turbocompressor (CTC) must also keep its costs in line with recent growth in revenues, while Cooper Energy Services (CES) will tackle its overhead costs—an important exercise in a market where unit sales and pricing are essentially ﬂat. Recapture market share in CES—Near-term efforts will focus on regaining share in the aftermarket and service business, which generates less than half of CES’ revenue, but about 60 percent of its gross margins. Longer-term, new product development in response to customer needs, along with cost reductions and improved production time (faster cycles) will be important in regaining our role as a major provider of original equipment. Reap beneﬁts of Turbocompressor facility expansion—We completed the expansion of Turbocompressor’s assembly facility in 1997, and will complete construction on a new test stand in early 1998. This will give us the capacity to increase shipments in this and subsequent years. CTC is a top performer, and we expect their superior returns to continue. Utilize cash ﬂows effectively—We generated sufficient cash during 1997 to fund capital spending, stock repurchases, a couple of smaller acquisitions and a signiﬁcant increase in working capital, while reducing our debt level. We also expect cash ﬂow to improve during 1998; the challenge is to ﬁnd the appropriate places to use it. Capital spending and acquisitions remain our ﬁrst priority, especially within our current product lines. We expect to apply cash toward debt reduction in the wake of the Orbit acquisition, which was announced in February 1998.

Signiﬁcantly expand capital program— We invested about $72 million in our businesses during 1997. Our 1998 budget identiﬁes opportunities to invest more than $100 million on programs and equipment that will improve manufacturing efficiency and enhance capacity, allowing us to reduce costs and grow the top line. The majority of these capital investments will, like 1997’s spending, improve proﬁtability and cash generation in short order. We cannot afford to pass up such opportunities.
Creating opportunities for success

During 1997, the Dow Jones average gained nearly 23 percent; the Standard & Poor’s 500 was up 31 percent; and Cooper Cameron common stock, despite the fourth quarter industry decline, posted a gain of nearly 60 percent, climbing from $381/ 4 to a year-end close of $61. The recent volatility of the oil service group reminds us of how little control we have over the buy and sell decisions of investors, or over Wall Street’s assessment of our performance and potential. We will continue to effectively manage the factors which we can control, with an emphasis on taking care of our three most important constituencies. If you are an investor— we appreciate your conﬁdence and support to date. I hope you have been around to enjoy the successes and market performance since our inception. If you have joined us along the way, be assured that the senior management of this company has a signiﬁcant personal stake in the continued success of this organization. Our incentives and compensation plans are not tied to being a bigger company, just a more proﬁtable one. If you are a customer— we plan to build upon the high standards of performance you have come to expect from Cooper Cameron, whatever segment of our business you are accustomed to dealing with.

95

7.1%

13.2%

96

97

EBITDA
as a Percent of Revenues

6

16.3%

Our reputation for quality, reliability and responsiveness is important to us, and to me personally. And if you’re not a customer, but could be, I hope you’ll give us the opportunity to show you how we can jointly ﬁnd solutions to help you do your job better, or at a lower cost, or both. If you are an employee— you can take great pride in not only the accomplishments of our past two and a half years as a public company, but also the long-term performance that has established our position as a premier supplier to the industries we serve. Thanks, on behalf of our customer base and your fellow stockholders, for your role in our success.

I hope all of you will be on our team for 1998 and beyond.

Sincerely,

Sheldon R. Erikson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

