In this letter a year ago, I referenced the impact that $40/barrel oil and $6/mcf natural gas were having on our business. I resisted the temptation to refer to those prices as "high" or to forecast where they might go in the future; instead, I related that we were prepared to deal with whatever might happen with prices, activity and spending in the oilpatch. With oil prices above $60/barrel and natural gas around $10/mcf at the close of 2005, I believe our results demonstrate that we struck the appropriate balance in the way we approached our business. I will again avoid the temptation to forecast what may happen with prices in 2006.

Our operating and financial performance in 2005 was very good. The combination of a robust market across our business lines and solid performance from all of our divisions generated some of our best financial results ever. As a result, our stock price reached new highs, and our board authorized a 2-for-1 stock split (the second in our history) effective in December 2005.

Spending on oil and gas exploration and development is the single largest factor influencing our business, and through the end of 2005, our customers were showing no signs of reducing their activity. Industry benchmarks like worldwide rig counts and exploration and production spending showed steady growth throughout the year. Our business and the commodities (crude oil and natural gas) that drive our customers' behavior typically run in cycles that last for a little more than three years. The positive phase of this current cycle has extended well beyond that time frame. Some observers have begun to use terms like "paradigm shift" or "secular growth" to describe the business; we will maintain our balanced approach to managing our operations. In other words, we will continue our productivity enhancement steps, which effectively add capacity without adding roofline and help us manage costs in the event of a change in the direction of the cycle.

DIRECTION
To the stockholders of Cooper Cameron Following are some of our recent milestones:  Cooper Cameron's 2005 earnings per share split), up 73 percent from a year ago.  Total revenues set a new record at $2.52 billion.  Orders reached more than $3.46 billion, and those are also records.  Since the beginning of 2005 we have spent more than $300 million on acquisitions -- including

increased to a record $1.52 (adjusted for our stock

backlog more than doubled to $2.16 billion; both of

$217 million on the Dresser acquisition -- and still have one of the best balance sheets in the industry. At this time a year ago, we had planned to include in our financial results an expense related to stock option grants made to our employees as a part of their compensation. In early 2005, however, companies were allowed to choose to phase-in such recognition.We elected to defer adoption of this expense recognition until the first quarter of this year, and we expect to record approximately $0.10 per share for stock-based compensation expense during 2006.

4

I personally believe that the true financial impact of stock options is already reflected in a company's results when share count increases due to options being exercised (of course, such exercises generally occur because the stock price has gone up). Since we are now required to recognize some assigned expense, we have reduced the use of stock options in our compensation programs so our earnings will not be overly burdened. We regret doing so, because options are an effective means of aligning employees' interests with that of stockholders; if the stock goes higher, everyone benefits. Many of our employees are also stockholders, and they are innately aware of the impact that solid operating and financial performance has on stock price.

Cooper Compression's revenues and earnings were their highest in more than five years. Their energy-related business benefited, in both aftermarket and new equipment, from activity in the U.S. natural gas markets. Increased revenues in the air compression side were the result of the high backlog that existed entering 2005 and the ongoing strong demand in international markets for industrial compression equipment. With the natural gas markets continuing to drive North American business and global manufacturing activity supporting international air compression orders, Cooper Compression should see another year of gains in both revenues and profits. New product introductions and further attention to cost reduction efforts will also be important to their bottom line.

While natural gas productive capacity is forecast to increase in 2006 as the industry recovers from the storms of 2005, LNG continues to make up a larger, but overall still small, percentage of supply. Supply growth from LNG will need to continue so as to avoid continuing price shocks. During 2005, LNG imports accounted for about three percent of U.S. natural gas supplies; by 2007, it is forecast to exceed five percent. The addition of LNG conversion facilities should provide additional opportunities for some of our products, particularly in Cooper Cameron Valves. When commodity prices reach historical highs, the tendency is to expect them to moderate. Growth in demand for natural gas is expected to resume in 2006, increasing in line with a stronger economy in the U.S. Still, with storage levels relatively high and the possibility of domestic production increasing slightly, prices may come down. Natural gas remains primarily a North American market commodity, but development of international gas reserves and increased funding of LNG will be required in the future and will have an increasing impact on upstream activity and on our businesses.

Cash generation maintains balance sheet integrity
We have always emphasized the importance of cash flow in taking advantage of opportunities in our business. In recent years, our people have done an outstanding job of focusing on generating cash -- and earnings -- in our day-to-day operations. That has given us the freedom to search out uses for cash, rather than worrying about sources of funds. Beyond daily funding requirements and capital spending, our primary options have been share repurchase and acquisitions; this past year, we spent more on the latter than in any single year in our history, and thus limited our repurchases of our own shares. We spent more than $300 million on acquisitions, including approximately $217 million on the Dresser transaction, and our balance sheet is still one of the strongest in the industry. We will manage our businesses in a manner that emphasizes fiscal responsibility. While the integration of the Dresser acquisition will require much of our near-term focus, we will continue to evaluate acquisitions and stock repurchases as uses of cash. As of year-end 2005, we had five million shares remaining under our board-authorized share repurchase program.

Markets should lead to further improvement in 2006
Our Cameron division's total revenues reached a record $1,508 million during 2005 as the drilling and surface product lines hit new highs. Subsea revenues declined modestly from year-ago levels, as we did not have as much large-scale project business delivered in 2005 as in 2004. Cameron finished the year with record orders by a wide margin and entered 2006 with a backlog nearly twice the level of a year ago. Some of those orders are for projects that will be delivered over the next couple of years, but the vast majority of that backlog should be turned into revenue by year-end. Our challenge is to convert that backlog into revenues efficiently and profitably. Meanwhile, the level of inquiries and orders from customers for Cameron products showed no signs of slowing as of early 2006. During 2005, Cooper CameronValves (CCV) did an outstanding job of incorporating the late-2004 acquisition of several valve manufacturing businesses (the PCC acquisition) and a flow measurement business acquired in mid-2005 (NuFlo).As a result of these acquisitions and continuing strength in the valve markets, CCV's revenues gained nearly 80 percent year-over-year. Now, we are asking them to perform once again by integrating the Dresser acquisition facilities into CCV. This $217 million acquisition is the largest and most challenging we have undertaken to date. It more than doubles CCV's revenue base from their 2004 levels, and at year-end 2005, CCV's backlog was $469 million, compared with only $123 million at year-end 2004.

Hurricanes have minimal impact on operations
We were fortunate that Cooper Cameron's manufacturing operations experienced no significant damage from the devastating hurricanes that hit the Gulf Coast region in August and September. While the storms' paths missed our primary facilities and we had no injuries to employees, a number of our people experienced personal losses of property and the attendant disruption in their day-to-day activities. In response, we established a fund at the Company to aid those employees and their families who needed help with their recovery and restoration efforts. Within a week or so after the hurricanes, our facilities were all back to normal operations, and the financial impact on our results was minimal.

Basic economics continue to rule world oil markets
The vast majority of our business is tied directly to exploration and production of oil, and we have a presence in nearly every energy-producing region in the world. Global demand for oil increased by about 1.5 percent during 2005. While China's demand growth is expected to continue to moderate in 2006, it will still be a primary driver of incremental oil demand, and U.S. consumption is forecast to increase in both 2006 and 2007. Projected gains in production capacity are anticipated to temper prices in 2006, but the oil markets are in a fragile state. Political upheaval, economic crises or weather could all have significant impact on an already unsettled market.

Balancing expectations
Numerous stakeholders have a vested interest in how our businesses perform and how we treat each of our constituents. Balancing the needs and expectations of customers, employees, partners, suppliers and investors is a challenging task, but I and the rest of our employees know that our reputation is at risk if we allow our response to one party's needs to come at the expense of another's. We appreciate your support and understanding as we deal with the challenges this market brings to us and work to continue to deliver quality and value on all fronts. Sincerely,

Restoration of productive capacity, LNG supplies needed to address gas demand growth
Natural gas prices in the U.S. were clearly affected by the disruptions in productive capacity from the hurricanes in the Gulf. While U.S. gas demand did not increase significantly during the year -- about 22 trillion cubic feet (Tcf) were used in 2005, similar to 2004's consumption -- damage to gas infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico had a very real impact on deliverability, leading to new highs in prices. When combined with operators' struggles to replace production with new reserves, the need for additional supplies, particularly liquefied natural gas (LNG), becomes more apparent.

A year ago, we speculated that higher oil prices might dampen global economic activity; that did not happen. The global economy appeared to readily absorb the price shock. If both OPEC and non-OPEC suppliers are able to increase production in the next couple of years in line with current expectations, perhaps prices will subside. If not, we will almost certainly reach a point where high prices cause demand destruction, and the commodity markets will respond accordingly. Whatever the case, we realize that our business remains highly dependent on a number of factors over which we have no control, including global demand, inventory levels, geopolitical influences and weather. Sheldon R. Erikson Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

6

7

