/ / TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Cameron reported record-setting financial results for 2014 due to solid operating performance in each of the Company's businesses, particularly our Drilling segment, which led the way with a 52 percent increase in operating income versus the prior year. However, the sharp decline in energy prices in late 2014 and early 2015 served notice that our industry is once again facing a cyclical downturn that will have a negative impact on all of our business segments. The only predictable thing about such cycles is their unpredictability. We don't know when oil prices will recover. Nevertheless, as we have demonstrated in the past, Cameron is particularly adept at weathering cyclical downturns. We do this by remaining focused on the things we can control: staying very close to our customers to ensure that we are advancing and investing in the most cost-effective solutions for their operations; not compromising on our commitment to service and execution excellence; and aggressively managing our cost structure to the realities of our markets. We will also leverage the breadth of our product, customer and geographic diversity to provide some cushion against the impact from weak demand.

20 14 FINA NCIAL A ND OPER ATI NG H IG H L IG H TS
Despite the decline in oil prices late in the year, Cameron achieved a number of important objectives, including: Making significant operational and financial improvement within our Drilling segment, which ended the year with a more than 800-basis point margin improvement from the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2014. More importantly, we achieved a level of predictability that will enable us to continue to drive efficiencies in the execution of our backlog. Entering into a subsea services alliance agreement, through OneSubseaTM, with Helix and Schlumberger, to develop technologies and deliver solutions that optimize the value-chain of well intervention systems. The alliance will deliver simpler, more cost-effective, efficient intervention systems through a single, collaborative approach. Completing the divestiture of our compression businesses, for gross proceeds of $1.4 billion. These businesses had been solid performers for us, but they were outside of our core focus, and we made the determination that Cameron was not the natural owner of these assets. Making tremendous progress on our safety record. Specifically, we ended the year with the lowest TRIR (Total Recordable Incident Rate) and LTIR (Lost Time Incident Rate) in the history of the Company. Continuing to book major, multi-year contracts with our clients. The two most notable awards were with ExxonMobil and Pemex. ExxonMobil (Canada) awarded Cameron a multi-year contract for wellhead equipment and production trees for the Hebron project, a 52-well development located offshore Newfoundland. Pemex awarded OneSubsea a subsea production systems contract totaling more than $270 million for the Lakach deepwater project offshore Mexico, the first such deepwater subsea field to be developed by Pemex. Continuing to develop and commercialize advanced technology solutions for our customers. Specifically, we received another order from Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas to supply a 25,000 psi blowout preventer stack and 25,000 psi manifold. Cameron delivered the industry's first and only 13-5/8" 25,000 psi blowout preventer to Freeport-McMoRan in 2011. In total, Cameron has now sold four 20,000-plus psi blowout preventers, establishing ourselves as the proven leader in the emerging ultra high-pressure market. Strengthening and realigning our senior management team, specifically with the appointment of a new President and Chief Operating officer, Scott Rowe. Scott is a 13-year Cameron veteran who brings a wealth of leadership experience and a proven track record of delivering results within Cameron. In addition, we installed new leadership in 2014 at OneSubsea, at our Valves & Measurement business and our Process Systems business -- and we recruited a new executive officer in charge of marketing and technology. I firmly believe we have a focused leadership team that is prepared to meet the current market challenges while remaining committed to long-term value creation for Cameron's stakeholders.

// WE A RE HIGHLY C ONFIDENT IN THE SUSTA INED LONG -TE R M GROWTH IN GLOBA L ENERGY DEM A ND.

C H A I R MAN AND CH IE F E X EC UTIV E OFFIC ER JAC K M OORE (LEFT) W I TH P R E SI DE NT A ND C HIEF OPERATING OFFIC ER SC OT T R OWE

LOOKIN G AHEAD
We are fortunate to have a substantial backlog of work that provides us with good visibility into a portion of our revenues and operating income in 2015. And our performance in 2014 gives us a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver that backlog in accordance with planned timeframes and expected margin performance. However, due to the sharp decline in oil prices, many of our customers are taking steps to reduce their expected capital spending plans in 2015. Not surprisingly, this has resulted in the deferral of new projects and can significantly impact our shorter-cycle businesses. In some instances, it can also impact existing projects, specifically when customers seek ways of reducing the cost of servicing or completing those projects. You can expect that Cameron will work closely with our customers to support their efforts to improve their operating efficiencies and lower their costs during this economic environment. We will also leverage every aspect of our enterprise to expand our share position. It's this competitive drive that will help us weather this cycle and emerge as an even more formidable supplier to our customers. As we look beyond the current weakness in the market, we are highly confident in the sustained long-term growth in global energy demand. The reduced activity levels we are currently witnessing on a global scale will result in lower oil production levels as a result of natural decline rates. Lower energy costs will spur incremental demand and a corresponding correction in pricing over time. Again, while we do not control the timing of such macro events, we will remain focused on those aspects of our business we do control. In closing, I want to thank the employees of Cameron for their dedicated service and outstanding performance in 2014 and their continuing engagement and commitment in 2015. Cameron is a great company that has a rich history of performing through challenging market environments while holding true to the core values that guide us each and every day to be the best at what we do.

Sincerely,

JACK B. M OORE

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

