2 COOPER CAMERON CORP.
   TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF COOPER CAMERON
Cycle noun: a course or series of events or operations that recur regularly and usually lead back to the starting point.
           97 98 99 00 01 Revenues
($ millions)
Ours is a cyclical business...
We could probably begin this letter with those words every year. Oil and gas prices are next to impossible to predict, and the past three years reinforce that point. Oil prices fell below $14 a barrel, then moved above $30 in less than eighteen months. Natural gas prices spent most of 1999 below $2.00 an Mcf; by the winter of 2000-2001, prices on the spot market bumped up against $10.00. Our customers must constant- ly reassess the economics of their spending plans, and make a series of extremely important decisions—not the least of which is how much money they spend with us.
Against this backdrop, our charge is to maximize profits in the good times, antici- pate the downturns and cut costs accordingly, and always keep enough dry powder to take advantage of opportunities (acquisitions, stock repurchases, restructuring) as they arise. I believe we have effectively done that.
If there is one predictable trait of our business, it is the fact that it’s self-correcting. A steep decline in commodity prices will typically stimulate demand during a period of declining activity, and the recovery will be under way. Conversely, as commodity prices climb, demand will drop, and the inevitable correction will begin.
As a result, our challenge in dealing with a cyclical industry is to take actions that reward us through each phase of the cycle. Throughout this report, you’ll find accounts of projects we’ve undertaken to improve “the way we run our business”. We’ve always had a bias toward finding ways to do things better, faster, at lower cost. We have now embraced a system for evaluating and improving processes company- wide. Several of the champions of our Six Sigma quality program are featured in this report; we think they are representative of the talent and innovativeness of the Cooper Cameron employee base, and we’re glad to have the chance to let them share their stories of successes—and of works in progress.
Increased profits can’t offset a nervous market
Consider the following financial benchmarks for 2001 compared with a year ago:
• Revenues increased to $1.56 billion, up 13 percent
• EBITDA generated was $251 million, an increase of 17 percent
• Earnings per share, excluding nonrecurring/unusual charges,
reached $1.99, up 30 percent
• Orders exceeded $1.7 billion, 24 percent higher than last year; and
• Backlog at year-end was $695 million, up 32 percent.
Yet, during 2001, our common stock price declined to just over $40, down almost 40 percent from its year-end 2000 close. Clearly, we are valued less on our individual current performance than on expectations for our company and the overall industry. Uncertainty about global oil prices, North American natural gas markets and the relative health of the world economy continue to overshadow the encouraging long- term outlook for our business.
 97 98 99 00 01
EBITDA
($ millions–excluding nonrecurring/unusual charges)
$193 $215
$1,475 $1,387
$251
$1,564
$294 $323
$1,817 $1,893

ANNUAL REPORT 2001
3
    Given the near-term weakness in the markets we serve, our financial results during 2002 are not expected to exceed those of 2001. While we’re stronger and more finan- cially sound than we were a year ago, we face a different set of problems, challenges and yes, opportunities, this year.
Productivity improvement and cost reduction are always priorities
The launch of the Six Sigma program during 2000 was not the beginning of an effort to reduce costs and make our businesses more productive, but simply the allo- cation of greater resources, with a special focus, to such initiatives. Since our forma- tion in 1995, we have made significant progress on both fronts. Upgrading facilities and equipment, moving to lower-cost facilities, pursuing economies of scale...these all contribute to improving our peak earnings levels and insulating our profits during the down phases of our business cycles.
The Six Sigma projects—and the people who monitor and control them—provide a framework for measuring successes and applying techniques to a variety of opera- tions across our business lines. As I indicated in this letter a year ago, we expect such processes to be an ongoing practice for us, and will be the way we run our business.
Global energy demand likely to continue to grow
Forecasters expect total demand for oil and natural gas to be higher in 2002 than in 2001, but our customers’ spending is expected to be below 2001 levels. Long-term projections call for worldwide energy demand growth to continue at an annual rate between two and three percent. There will be continued deviations in this growth from year to year, and between crude oil and natural gas. Oil is a global commodity, with demand dependent on the relative health of a variety of national economies, and supply subject to not only basic economics, but also the political influences of both the producing nations and their customers.
Natural gas has been primarily a North American commodity, with weather and industrial consumption having the greatest impact on demand, and therefore on the ultimate levels of drilling and production of gas in the U.S. and Canada, the primary supply regions. Natural gas is now taking on greater importance in the global economy as developing nations increase energy consumption and as gas infrastructure and electric power generation become more widely established.
Demand for our products and services is derived from the spending budgets that our customers develop in light of their assessment of these environments. In this let- ter a year ago, I noted that spending on exploration and production by our primary customers was forecast to increase by approximately 20 percent during 2001; in fact, our orders increased by more than 20 percent for the year.
Comparable forecasts for 2002 indicate a flat to slightly lower spending level on a consolidated basis, with a decline in domestic spending essentially offset by an increase in budgets for international exploration and development projects. Such forecasts are a contributing factor to our expectation that our 2002 financial performance will not exceed the levels of 2001.
Acquisition effort yields additions to portfolio; M&A activity stepped up
We have evaluated numerous companies for possible acquisition during our history. The two discussed below are examples of new organizations added during 2001, each bringing value to the table.
In the second quarter, we acquired the assets of Nickles Industrial Manufacturing Corporation, based in Ponca City, Oklahoma, for approximately $31 million in cash
97 98 99 00 01
EBITDA
(as a percent of revenues–excluding nonrecurring/unusual charges)
  97 98 99 00 01 Capital Expenditures
($ millions)
Forecasters expect total demand for oil and natural gas to be higher in 2002 than in 2001, but our customers’ spending is expected to be below 2001 levels. Long-term projections call for worldwide energy demand growth to continue at an annual rate between two and three percent.
$65 $67
13.1% 15.5%
$72
16.2% 17.1%
$115
$125
16.1%

 4
COOPER CAMERON CORP.
     97 98 99 00 01 Orders
($ millions)
and debt. The combination expanded our position as a supplier of parts and services to the reciprocating engine and compressor aftermarket for CES original equipment, as well as that of other engine and compressor manufacturers. Nickles, which had been privately owned since 1918, fits extremely well with our stated emphasis on continually expanding our presence in the aftermarket for all of our businesses.
During the third quarter, we acquired Retsco International, a premium supplier of motion compensation solutions primarily for offshore drilling and production, and added it to Cameron’s line of drilling-related equipment. The Retsco line augments Cameron’s offerings of ram and annular blowout preventers, control systems, riser systems, connectors, valves, chokes and other drilling products. Purchased for approxi- mately $6 million, Retsco has been in business for more than 20 years, and has provided equipment to more than 100 mobile offshore drilling units.
Our financial strength gives us the flexibility to consider more candidates for business combinations. We’ve reorganized our M&A efforts and placed them under the guidance of Franklin Myers. Franklin has been with us in a variety of roles since Cooper Cameron’s formation, initially as general counsel and more recently as President of CES. He brings a wealth of experience in evaluating and closing transactions, and we expect the recent pace of deal flow to result in more key strategic additions to the Company’s business portfolio.
Convertible sale adds to balance sheet flexibility
A year ago, we said that our balance sheet was as strong as it had ever been; it was further strengthened in mid-year. In May, we closed on the sale of approximately $450 million of convertible securities with effective interest rates of 1.25 percent on $250 million and 1.75 percent on $200 million. The proceeds were used to pay off our bank debt, and at year-end, we had more than $210 million in cash and investments.
  HSE commitment
Cooper Cameron’s health, safety and environmental (HSE) programs are integral to the operations of each of the Company’s divisions. While the format and style of the individual programs may vary, all have some basic central themes and goals; specifically, to provide a healthy and safe work- place for our employees and to protect the environment.
Local and national rules and regulations, along with industry guidelines, provide a baseline for HSE practices. Cooper Cameron’s divisions and their units establish incremental standards specific to their operating locales and the unique environments of each.
Communication of the standards, training for all employees and measure- ment of the Company’s performance toward meeting HSE guidelines provide a basis for internal evaluation, but recognition from outside agencies is a welcome validation of the Company’s efforts. During 2001, the Cameron division’s Singapore operations were recognized with a Gold Safety Award from the Singapore Ministry of Manpower.
Continued world-class performance on the HSE front leads to greater satis- faction from employees, suppliers, partners and customers, and confirms Cooper Cameron’s role as a conscientious corporate citizen in the global neighborhood.
97 98 99 00 01 Backlog
(at year-end, $ millions)
Our financial strength gives us the flexibility to consider more candidates for business combinations.
$513 $528
$1,303 $1,406
$695
$1,740
$786 $790
$1,894 $1,843

 ANNUAL REPORT 2001 5
     Debt, net of cash and investments, was only $256 million at year-end, and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio was less than 22 percent. While our first priority is reinvesting in our business through high-return capital spending or immediately additive acquisitions, we have also repurchased our own common shares and will consider additional purchases.
During the second half of 2001, we bought more than 600,000 shares of our common stock, and nearly 300,000 additional shares were acquired under a forward purchase agreement with one of our banks. Under the agreement, the bank purchases the shares in the open market and holds them for us. We have the right to buy the stock from the bank at the price it paid, or we can settle the transaction in kind.
The repurchases serve to reduce our total shares outstanding, effectively increasing our earnings per share, and also provide us with shares for issuance under compensation programs. Our total authorization for repurchase is approximately ten million shares.
A matter of perspective...
Our presence in energy-producing regions around the world makes us susceptible to political and economic factors in a diverse collection of societies; but nothing can compare to the impact of the events of last September 11. These tragedies affected the political, economic and social makeup of our nation and the world in ways never before imaginable.
While a new sense of perspective has been established for many of us, the impor- tance of our commitment to our customers, our employees, our partners and our stockholders has not been diminished. We are grateful for the role each of these constituencies plays in our pursuit of success; we will continue to do our best to earn, and maintain, your trust.
Sincerely,
Sheldon R. Erikson
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
 