T O

O U R

S T O C K H O L D E R S :

The defining event for the energy industry during 2010 was the Macondo well tragedy and its impact on the people, the environment and the economy of the Gulf of Mexico. Our hearts particularly go out to the families most directly affected. This event has overshadowed a long history of safely and efficiently harvesting the nation's domestic resources of oil and gas, yet it has also sharpened the focus on the processes and practices of this industry and will lead to improvements in both.

Jack B. Moore President and Chief Executive Officer

Cameron employees became involved with the effort to stop the flow of oil into the Gulf immediately following the accident. Many of our brightest people from several of our divisions spent weeks on-site with the operator and with government representatives, working tirelessly to fashion solutions to a challenge unlike any this industry has ever faced. In fact, the capping stack that ultimately succeeded in shutting in the well was fabricated in our Berwick, Louisiana facility. I am proud of the role that we played in stemming the flow, and I am confident that the lessons learned will be valuable in avoiding a similar tragedy in the future.
 A number of studies on the possible causes of the well blowout and rig explosion have been made public. Additional
facts, including facts that may relate to the blowout preventer, which was manufactured and delivered by Cameron more than ten years ago, are still being developed. In any event we, along with several other parties, have been named in hundreds of lawsuits relating to this incident, and the resolution of these will take longer than any of us would like.  We value our long-time reputation for quality, reliability and safety in our business practices and in the products and services we provide. Our long-standing commitment to maintaining that reputation and our high standards remains as strong as ever. We continue to work with customers, partners, suppliers and other constituents to provide the best possible products and services to the energy industry.

EXECUTION DRIVES RECORD REVENUES; BACKLOG REMAINS NEAR $5 BILLION  Execution on projects, particularly in the Drilling Systems and Subsea Systems business lines, drove revenues to more
than $6 billion, a new high for Cameron. Subsea Systems revenues were up more than 40 percent for the year, totaling $1.6 billion, reflecting deliveries related to several projects booked in the past few years. Drilling revenues exceeded $1 billion, in line with the levels of the last two years, and we continue to deliver on orders booked in the recent wave of newbuild rigs. Meanwhile, the Surface Systems business increased by about five percent in posting a $900 million-plus revenue year, largely driven by an increase in aftermarket sales related to our market-leading installed base worldwide. The Valves & Measurement (V&M) and Process & Compression Systems (PCS) groups also recorded year-over-year increases in revenues, with the PCS gains primarily reflecting the 2009 acquisition of NATCO.  The value of a diverse product offering was apparent in the orders booked for the year. We posted the second largest order total in our history in a year when total subsea tree awards for the industry remained relatively light. The strength in orders was spread across our business lines, with the V&M and PCS groups each posting significant increases over year-ago levels. We generated more than $6 billion in revenues, but replaced nearly all of that with almost $6 billion in orders. Our year-end backlog of $4.8 billion is down slightly from a year ago, but at a level which provides us with comfortable visibility for 2011.

6 |

ENERGY PRICES STABILIZE IN 2010, GROWTH IN GLOBAL DEMAND RECOVERING  The trading ranges for the prices of crude oil and natural gas were significantly narrower during 2010, particularly
when compared to the wide swings of 2008 and 2009, and provided a measure of stability in global energy markets. A resumption in worldwide economic growth has fueled modest gains in oil demand, and supplies from both OPEC and non-OPEC sources have increased slightly. As a result, oil prices remained in the $75 to $85 per barrel range throughout most of the year, a level that should support higher levels of global E&P spending by our customer base, but not dampen energy demand.  North American natural gas demand also grew during 2010, but production increases have created an oversupplied market, keeping prices around $4 to $5 per mcf throughout most of the year. We expect pricing to remain in similar ranges during 2011, but will be prepared to react appropriately should circumstances change and cause our customers to adjust their spending behavior.

FINANCIAL CONDITION REMAINS SOLID  We continued to manage our financial position prudently throughout 2010, and ended the year with a very healthy
balance sheet. At year-end, we had more than $1.8 billion in cash and negative net debt of approximately $540 million. Our priorities remain clear: We want to reinvest in ourselves via well-thought-out capital spending, and look for acquisition opportunities that fit our business mix and make sense financially.  Capital spending in 2010 totaled $200.7 million, including investments in productivity improvements, efficiency gains and aftermarket facilities, and we closed on two acquisitions during the year for approximately $41 million in cash.

ERIKSON TO RETIRE AS CHAIRMAN, REMAIN ON CAMERON'S BOARD  This May, Shel Erikson will retire as the chairman of Cameron's board of directors. Since the Company's creation
in 1995, his leadership has been crucial to establishing Cameron as one of the premier oil service companies in the industry. I am personally indebted to Shel for his guidance and counsel during my tenure at Cameron, and as I assume the Chairman's role upon his retirement, I realize the challenge of living up to the standards he has established. I am pleased that he will continue to serve as a valued member of our board.  Finally, I appreciate--and applaud--the efforts of our employees, who have maintained their focus on diligently serving customers and generating value for shareholders in keeping with the Company's long history of outstanding performance. Sincerely,

Jack B. Moore President and Chief Executive Officer

2010 Annual Report | 7

