 <2 3>
MessAge
to sHAReHoLDeRs
Anyone who runs a business knows there are two very broad elements to creating and sustaining success Ñ planning and people.
IÕm pleased to report in fiscal 2010 CaseyÕs delivered yet another record year. CaseyÕs net earnings rose 36.5% to $117 million, and basic earnings per share from those operations increased to $2.30 from $1.69 in fiscal 2009.
Fiscal 2010 was our 5th consecutive record year. Much of CaseyÕs history of building shareholder value comes from our methodical, best-practices approach to creating and
executing sound business plans. Fiscal year 2010 was no different in that regard.
But the best processes and plans are no good without the right people to execute them. ThatÕs why the companies with the best people stand out. CaseyÕs deep talent pool at every level proved itself in 2010 through sound and timely decisions which enabled us to overcome challenges and capitalize on opportunities.
   
  Overcoming a Challenging Business Climate
In fiscal 2010, much of CaseyÕs operating area was faced with a challenging business climate,
in some cases both literally and figuratively. Many of our markets were hit by the coldest summer on record followed by one of the harshest winters in history. Record snow fall and blizzards swept across the region sometimes weekly, at times making it impossible for both employees and customers to reach our stores for days.
The weather, combined with a continued
soft economy, held same-store sales across all categories below our goals for fiscal 2010. Despite those challenges, insightful short-term adjustments and disciplined execution of long-term plans helped CaseyÕs capitalize on higher-margin merchandise and compensate for the reduced sales.
Examples of this included:
> Anticipating that the economy would cause customers to move from carton to single-pack cigarette purchases, and capturing more margin on those in-demand items.
> Prudent decisions to lock in favorable long- term cheese contracts months earlier helped boost gross profit in our prepared foods area.
> Sound decisions made when designing our new stores continued to pay dividends as high-margin sales in prepared foods, fountain drinks and coffee Ñ all emphasized in the new design Ñ increased significantly.
> Store operations did an exceptional job of keeping CaseyÕs competitive as average monthly fuel prices fluctuated from $2.00 to $2.70 per gallon, while still yielding a strong gas margin.
       Senior Management Team (left to right)
Robert J. Myers President & CEO > terry W. Handley COO > William J. Walljasper Senior VP & CFO > sam J. Billmeyer Senior VP-Logistics & Acquisitions > Julia L. Jackowski Senior VP-Corporate General Counsel & Human Resources
    
More New Stores and a Major Remodeling Initiative
While continuing to build new stores, CaseyÕs will ramp up a major remodeling effort in fiscal 2011. WeÕll literally knock down walls where possible to create cost-effective new spaces that leverage the biggest revenue drivers from our new store design Ñ increased cooler space and expanded prepared food and coffee/ fountain offerings.
Expanding into Arkansas
Powered by our success and a strong balance sheet, CaseyÕs is positioned to add a tenth state Ñ Arkansas Ñ to our operating area. We have acquired land in several locations in the state and will proceed to develop stores in the coming fiscal year. WeÕre also actively looking to expand into additional states adjacent to our current operating area in the coming fiscal years.
Goals for 2011
YouÕll learn in the balance of this report how CaseyÕs faired in all our traditional categories Ñ Gasoline, Grocery & Other Merchandise,
and Prepared Foods & Fountain.
For fiscal year 2011, CaseyÕs has set these goals:
> Expansion
4% to 6% unit growth through a combination of building and acquisition.
> Gasoline
1% same-store gallon growth with an average margin of 13.5 cents per gallon.
> Grocery & Other Merchandise
6% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 33.9%.
> Prepared Foods & Fountain
8% same-store sales growth with an average margin of 63.1%.
<4 5>
Staying the Successful Course
How will we meet these aggressive goals? The same way we have since 1968 Ñ by continuing to stay both disciplined and flexible.
On behalf of my 19,434 fellow CaseyÕs General Store employees, thank you
for your support and investment in
our Company. We continue to build shareholder value because that remains our goal day after day, year after year. Together, I am confident weÕll maintain our tradition of success.
Sincerely,
Robert J. Myers
President & Chief Executive Officer
          Management Team (left to right)
Darryl f. Bacon VP-Food Services > Jay f. Blair VP-Transportation & Distribution > Hal D. Brown VP-Support Services > Robert C. ford VP-Store Operations > Brian J. Johnson VP-Finance & Corporate Secretary > Michael R. Richardson VP-Marketing > Russell D. sukut VP-Treasurer
