Message to Shareholders
  For fiscal 2015 we have established the following goals:
Grocery & Other Merchandise
5.3% Same-Store Growth 32.1% Margin
Prepared Food & Fountain
9.5% Same-Store Growth 60.0% Margin
Fuel
1.0% Same-Store Gallons Growth 15.3 Cents Per Gallon Margin
Expansion
Build Or Acquire 72 To 108 Stores & Replace 25 Existing Locations
During my tenure as CEO with Casey’s, I cannot think of a time where the Company has more plans in place to grow the business and ultimately grow the value of your investment.
In fiscal 2014, we continued to roll-out our three main operational initiatives, 24-hour conversion, pizza delivery and major remodels, in an attempt to expand our brand recognition and extract improved performance from our existing store base. As of the end of fiscal 2014, we have converted 605 stores to 24-hour operations, completed 230 major remodels, and added pizza delivery service to 355 stores. We continue to analyze the data to learn where these initiatives will work the best.
We also continue to build and acquire more stores. This year we built 44 new stores, acquired an additional 28 stores, and replaced 20 stores. Our total store count was 1,808 at the end of the fiscal year. In the coming years, we believe there is ample opportunity to build new stores in our existing 14 states and beyond. We are also poised to capitalize on the consolidation taking place within the industry.
To facilitate our growth and reduce transportation costs, we have identified Terre Haute, Indiana as the optimal location for our second distribution center. We are in the early phases of this construction project while at the same time expanding our existing warehouse in Ankeny, Iowa. Our unique self-distribution model is a critical component of our future growth, and these two projects will enable us to add a considerable number of stores and improve our distribution efficiency over the coming years.
In addition to looking for ways to grow the business via new units and enhancing existing locations, it is critical that we appropriately react to pressures and opportunities in the three main categories of our business: Fuel, Grocery & Other Merchandise, and Prepared Food & Fountain. Fiscal 2014 brought record prices for renewable fuel credits, in which the Company profited by selling over $29 million worth throughout the year. At the same time, the Company posted impressive same-store gallon growth due in large part to a fuel saver program with Hy-Vee, a regional grocery store chain.
 Page 3

 Robert J. Myers - Chairman & CEO
   Page 4

Message to Shareholders Continued
 Recognizing trends, making adjustments to the product mix, and optimizing retail prices is a daunting task. Fortunately our Marketing and Store Operation Departments have the expertise and technology to meet the challenge. The Company continues to navigate through higher input costs in our Prepared Food & Fountain category. Volatile cheese prices and high meat and coffee costs were impactful to fiscal 2014 and will likely pressure fiscal 2015 as well. Cigarettes will also remain a challenging category as state governments look to raise tobacco taxes and increase regulation, which will ultimately squeeze demand. However, our competitors face these same challenges and we believe we have an edge with the multiple initiatives in place along with our scale.
Thank you for your confidence and investment in Casey’s General Stores, we are very excited about our future and look forward to providing further shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Robert J. Myers
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Page 5
