           How We Win
2009 Year In Review
 from Our Chairman
 Over the course of many years, Caterpillar has forged a strong reputation for performance and financial strength in both good and challenging times. despite a 37-percent decrease in sales and revenues, we delivered a profit, improved our balance sheet, upheld our mid-a credit rating, maintained the dividend and contributed to employee pension plans.
James W. Owens
Chairman & CeO, Caterpillar inc.
 this year at Caterpillar
performance under pressure. that’s what team Caterpillar delivered in 2009.
in my 37 years at Caterpillar, this was the most difficult economic environment i’ve seen. the industries we serve were among the hardest hit. and our sales and revenues plummeted. despite the difficulties, we delivered admirable results, invested for the future and continued to strengthen our foundation for growth.
it seems almost miraculous. but the truth is, our spectacular performance is simply the result of executing some of our basic business principles. first we have a solid business model. Our global footprint, diverse line of products and services and comprehensive and well-understood strategy all contributed to our admirable performance. notably, our integrated services businesses helped buffer the impact of recession, and climbed to 46 percent of the company’s 2009 sales and revenues.
second, we planned. because we serve many cyclical industries, it’s important to plan for the trough. When we introduced our new strategy in 2005, trough planning was a big part of it. each of our operations was required to have specific plans that were ready to execute in the event of a business downturn. and i’m glad we did. When the global economic crisis hit, we were able to act quickly and deploy our trough plans. the actions we took were aggressive, decisive and allowed us to quickly lower production levels and bring our costs down in line with the much lower volume.
finally, we had the right team in place to deliver results. Our employees, dealers and suppliers in every region of the world pulled together. not only do we have a talented group of people, we also have a team committed to long-term success. in the face of difficult and uncertain times, members of team Caterpillar around the world rolled up their sleeves, asked what they could do to help and got to work.
2
 
           How We Win
2009 Year In Review
 from Our Chairman
Delivering results
Over the course of many years, Caterpillar has forged a strong reputation for performance and financial strength in both good and challenging times. despite a 37-percent decrease in sales and revenues, we delivered a profit, improved our balance sheet, upheld our mid-a credit rating, maintained the dividend and contributed to employee pension plans. delivering these results and maintaining our financial strength was important to the long-term success of Caterpillar and, of course, our employees, dealers, suppliers, customers and stockholders.
Our efforts focused not only internally, but also on our extended value chain. in late 2008 and early 2009, we allowed dealers to cancel orders – something we’d not done before. that helped dealers manage their inventories down and preserve their balance sheet strength. late in 2009, as we began preparation for the upturn, we met directly with key suppliers to assess their ability to ramp up production in 2010. We were able to provide financing to our customers through Cat financial when other sources of financing were simply unavailable. and for stockholders, we declared our 306th consecutive quarterly dividend.
beyond achieving solid financial results, we maintained focus on other goals critical to our company’s long-term future. We used the period of reduced production levels to focus on improving and innovating. We continued to implement and gain traction on the Cat production system (Cps). along with 6 sigma, this process discipline is critical to our future success, and i am pleased that we’ve been able to maintain forward momentum and deliver results during this tumultuous year.
Investing in our future
Our future is built on the work we do today. losing our focus on technology and innovation is not an option. We can either lead in this area, or watch as others pass us by. We choose to lead.
although we’ve had to be strategic with our investments, 2009 was our second highest year of research and development spending. We also strategically invested in facilities and capacity around the world including our new large payload structural dynamics laboratory, located in mossville, illinois. On the other side of the world we’ve invested in additional products, added capacity and opened a new multi-functional research and development center in China. China represents our single largest opportunity for growth, and our investment there is a clear indication of our commitment to our growing Chinese customer base.
We’ve maintained our focus on sustainability. this isn’t a passing fad that we worry about only during prosperous times. it’s a real business opportunity, now and in the future. Customers are looking for ways to increase productivity and energy efficiency, lower emissions and improve job site safety. and we are providing the solutions they need. at the same time, in our own operations, we are saving money by using materials, energy and water more efficiently.
Strengthening our foundation
i would never say the recession was a good thing. it was tough on our customers, and difficult for our entire team – employees, dealers and suppliers. but we learned. and we became a leaner company in ways that will make us better and more competitive going forward.
We learned to do more with less. We became more disciplined and committed to execution. and we developed an intense focus on cost. this will become the new norm and help us grow the right way without adding unnecessary costs. it’s critical that we manage costs on the way up as well as we did in the face of declining volume.

 
           How We Win
2009 Year In Review
 from Our Chairman
We are ready to grow again. We see signs of economic improvement around the world, particularly in developing countries. the world’s need for infrastructure remains strong. demand for mining equipment is increasing – a result of continued strong commodity prices and growing confidence in the global economic recovery. We have also seen improvement in sales of aftermarket service parts, which is an early indicator of machine utilization picking up –
a precursor of demand recovery.
Caterpillar is in an excellent position to benefit from growth in the world economy. and 2010 already looks like it will be a better year with sales and revenues expected to be up 10 to 25 percent from 2009. but we are cautious as the recovery is still in its early stage. it’s fragile and it’s pacing differently around the world. north america, europe and Japan are still weak. but our strong global footprint and ability to export will help us take advantage of the recovery as it unfolds and gains strength.
2009 was a tough year, but it helped prove who we are as a company. it’s the things we do in difficult times that define us. in tough times, character is more important than ever. integrity, excellence, teamwork and commitment are the foundation of all our actions at Caterpillar in good times and in bad. and i’m proud to say those characteristics were present more than ever during this difficult year.
We had fewer people and fewer resources so divisions, teams and individuals had to work together more than ever. despite bad news and uncertainty, our people stayed focused on their jobs and safety. We continued our implementation of Cps and our efforts to improve product quality. and we further developed our close relationships with our dealers and suppliers who are such a critical part of our business. that’s who we are. and that’s how we win.
2009 was my last full year to serve as this company’s Chairman and CeO. it’s been an honor and privilege to lead such a distinguished company. it’s been a fast and exciting run, and i’m proud to say that during this time we built on a legacy and left the foundation stronger.
to our employees, i sincerely appreciate your commitment and dedication. to our dealers and suppliers, thank you for your leadership and responsive actions. and, to our valued customers and shareholders, thank you for your confidence in Caterpillar. We will always strive to exceed your expectations – today and tomorrow.
While uncertainty remains in 2010, one thing is certain – leadership at Caterpillar will not waver. We have a strong management team built on a legacy of integrity, excellence, teamwork and commitment. as i leave, the leadership baton will be passed to a long-serving executive who knows Caterpillar. i retire in 2010 knowing the company is in good hands. and i look forward to watching doug take this very good company to the next level in our ongoing journey from “good to great.”

 