GOING
LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS
Each year, we conduct a survey to get input from our nearly 70,000 employees worldwide. This year’s survey included a note with one of our most important goals for this company—to have every employee feel confident recommending Caterpillar to family and friends as a great place to work. As we look back on 2002 and ahead to the future, I want to broaden that goal and include our customers, dealers, suppliers and stockholders, too. I want every one of you—whether you’re a buyer of our products and services, a distributor of our equipment, a supplier to
PG2
 WITH CONFIDENCE
our facilities or an investor in our stock—to be proud of your association with us and confident in our future together. I want you to say and believe that Caterpillar is a great company to buy from, invest in, work for and partner with. I know these things are true. Let me tell you why.
We’ve learned from the recessions of the past. Simply put, Caterpillar is not the same company we were 10 years ago. We’ve made some hard choices to diversify our business so we’re not only the “tractor company” we used to be known as. We’re also a more nimble, diverse business that in 2002 achieved strong profits in tough times—including three years of global economic downturn in most of our major markets, political turmoil and the continued threat of war.
While our machinery business has a broad product line and continues to gain market share, our engine business now represents 36 percent of sales—by 2007, it may grow to 45 percent. Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation manages an $18 billion portfolio that makes a substantial contribution to our bottom line. Caterpillar Logistics, which provides services to more than 40 third-party clients, is growing rapidly—due in part to an agreement with Ford Motor Company that provides the opportunity
to double the size of our logistics business. We are no longer a victim of the same business cycles we experienced in the past.
 
  EXECUTIVE OFFICE (from left to right)
Doug Oberhelman, Group President Rich Thompson, Group President Gerry Shaheen, Group President Jim Owens, Group President Vito Baumgartner, Group President Glen Barton, Chairman and CEO
The executive team visits the Caterpillar Dealer Service Technician Training Center at Illinois Central College (ICC) in East Peoria, Illinois. ICC served as the model for this training program, of which there are now 10 in the United States.
V I S I O N Be the global leader in customer value. MISSION
We provide the best value to customers. Caterpillar will be the leader in providing the best value in machines, engines and support services for customers dedicated to building the world’s infrastructure and developing and transporting its resources.
We grow profitably. Caterpillar people will increase stockholder value by aggressively pursuing growth and profit opportunities that leverage our research, engineering, manufacturing, distribution, information management and financial services expertise.
We develop and reward people. Caterpillar will provide its worldwide workforce with an environment that stimu- lates diversity, innovation, teamwork, continuous learning and improvement and rewards individual performance.
We encourage social responsibility. Caterpillar is dedi- cated to improving quality of life while sustaining the quality of our earth.
   
 TOTAL SALES & REVENUES
(billions of dollars)
In fact, we’ve substantially outperformed the market despite weakening industry fundamentals. When the second half forecasted economic recovery did not occur, we took steps to reduce spending of all types, including capital expenditures. As a result, even with sales and revenues down from 2001, our machinery and engines net free cash flow increased $645 million—even after making contributions to our pension funds of $179 million. These results helped bolster our stock price, particularly in the last half of the year. Since the “declared” start of the recession in March 2001, our stock traded up 3 percent (as of December 31, 2002) versus the S&P 500 decline of more than 24 percent.
We’re well-positioned to participate in and benefit from economic growth. Many of our products are tied directly to the economy. Our machines build the infrastructure all people
PG4
      PROFIT after tax
(millions of dollars)
and economies need to grow and prosper—and help harvest the energy, minerals and products required by a growing populace. Our clean diesel engines help transport these goods on the world’s highways, railways and waterways. And our power generation products deliver power for businesses and homes all over the world. In short, we have all the ingredients for a strong future—quality products, diverse services, a proven business model and a dealer organization long recognized as one of the world’s best. No matter where on the globe our customers are working, Cat® dealers are there to support them—with the machines, parts, service, support and expertise customers need to run their businesses more effectively.
We’re investing $4 million each working day in technology. Best products and solutions have always been at the root of our success, and our continued investments in technology have produced breakthroughs in emissions reduction, increased product and component life, and improved safety and fuel economy—enabling us to better serve customers’ needs. Technology is also linking us with our dealers, suppliers and customers worldwide. Our new dealer business system integrates customer relationship management, financial services, project management and moretoimprovedealerproductivityandcustomersupport.CatFinancExpressSM allowsdealers tohandlemuchofthefinanceandcreditprocessautomatically,whileAccountExpressSM gives customers online access to their financial account information. Technology will never replace the in-the-field, on-the-job support our dealers and employees provide—but it does allow us all to work better, faster and smarter.
    1Q $80 1Q 2Q $200 2Q 3Q $213 3Q 4Q $305 4Q
$4.41 $5.29 $5.07 $5.38

We’re making our world a better place. Improving our communities and protecting the world in which we live is a responsibility Caterpillar people take seriously. The impact of our Environmental Excellence Award program, which encourages employees to work together to improve and sustain our environment, is just one example. Since 1995, this program has led to the elimination of more than 550,000 cubic yards of landfill waste, 11.5 million pounds of hazardous waste and 1.2 billion gallons of waste water discharge. It’s also resulted in cost savings and avoidance of nearly $80 million. That proves what we’ve known all along—an emphasis on social responsibility is good for our planet and good for our business.
We’re using the power of 6 Sigma to manage our business successfully. A business can only be as successful as its people, and so we have implemented 6 Sigma as a way to unleash the power of our people. Yes, 6 Sigma is the fact-based, decision-making methodology we’re using to improve processes, enhance quality, cut costs and deliver greater value to our
 customers. Yes, it is helping us deliver results in difficult times. But 6 Sigma goes beyond mere process improvement. It has become the way we manage our business, the way we work as teams to process business information, solve problems and make decisions together. Everyone can contribute. Everyone’s opinion matters. Everyone can make a difference. At Caterpillar, we want our people to be leaders, to drive us to bigger and better things. And we are using
6 Sigma to create an environment in which all of us are self-motivated to do what is right for our customers, our company and one another.
We’re tough enough to handle whatever comes our way. It was a challenging year. Declining markets, a stalled world economy and other factors beyond our control created a period of little growth. So we challenged our employees to find ways to be profitable without sacrificing our ability to grow in the future. We asked them to cut costs—which often required difficult choices and sacrifices. Basically, we asked our employees to do more and to give up a lot. Regardless of the challenge or obstacle at hand, our people responded. To them I give my sincere thanks—and my pledge that we will continue to strive to make Caterpillar a great place to work. Because of their efforts, we are well positioned for future growth. We are ready to face the challenging years ahead with courage and determination—because that’s what Caterpillar people do. I am proud to be one of them.
GLEN A. BARTON
Chairman January 23, 2003
  