 EXECUTIVE OFFICE
      CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS
 2
2004 was a great year to be a member of the worldwide Caterpillar family! We celebrated
a series of impressive milestones—100 years since the invention of the track-type tractor, 75 years on the New York Stock Exchange and 50 years of operation in Brazil, as well as the introduction of ACERT® Technology into the earthmoving machine business— and set all-time sales and revenues and profit per share records. In a year of explosive growth and largely unanticipated global demand, our sales increased by over $7 billion as we surpassed our $30 billion sales and revenues goal a full two years ahead of schedule. Through it all, we maintained product quality and grew our global leadership position. We ended the year with a record order backlog for our larger machines—indicating continuing market strength for 2005.
Stu Levenick GROUP PRESIDENT
Caterpillar’s record profits have placed us in an even stronger financial position—great news for our employees and stockholders. Our pension plans remain well-funded due to solid investment returns and more than $600 million in contributions
for the second year in a row. Stockholders are benefiting from both higher dividends and share repurchases. In fact, we’ve increased our dividend 10 of the last 11 years and, in 2004, repurchased almost 7 million shares. Wall Street is celebrating with us.
Our share price of $97.51 on December 31 was our highest year-end price ever—up 17 percent from 2003 year-end.
Gerry Shaheen GROUP PRESIDENT
Gérard Vittecoq GROUP PRESIDENT
Steve Wunning GROUP PRESIDENT
Doug Oberhelman GROUP PRESIDENT
Jim Owens CHAIRMAN AND CEO

Our success in 2004 is a tribute to our people—a strong leadership team, more than 76,000 committed employees, the world’s best dealer organization and many strategic suppliers who worked with us to overcome difficult sourcing challenges. I’m truly grateful for all their efforts. Only because of Team Caterpillar’s tremendous creativity, passion and sweat were we able to achieve such remarkable results. Together we rallied around a common objective—helping our customers be more successful working with Caterpillar than they could be with anyone else—and positioned ourselves to take advantage of a global economy that’s emerging from a long slumber in the industries Caterpillar serves.
MORE PREPARED FOR SUCCESS THAN EVER
Reflecting on Caterpillar today, I can’t think of another company in any industry that’s better positioned to win in the global economy. Consider the key building blocks we have in place for the future:
1. Established strength with products and services. Our current line up is the strongest and broadest
in our history. Our major product lines are recognized leaders worldwide— #1 or #2 on every continent—and everywhere I turn, Caterpillar people are working to make them even better. On the services side of our business, Cat Financial and Cat Logistics are well-established growth subsidiaries. Cat Financial has provided diversification and earnings stability since its formation in 1981. Today it’s one of the largest captive finance companies in the world with receivables of almost $20 billion. Cat Logistics has been generating growth of 25 percent annually in revenues from external customers, and massive opportunities remain for creative third- party logistics providers in this $170 billion industry. In 2004, we also identified other adjacent growth areas where we plan to make substantial investments, including Caterpillar Remanufacturing Services and our OEM Solutions Group.
2. Technology leadership in our industry.
Caterpillar’s investment in research and engineering is unequaled in our industry. With hundreds of Ph.D. scientists and researchers on our team, we’ve received more than 2,500 patents in the
last five years, and we continue to invest more than $4 million
in technology each working day. Nowhere is that investment paying off more than on the engine side of our business, where growth is being fueled in large part by the success of ACERT,
our revolutionary clean diesel technology. More than 170,000 on-highway engines featuring ACERT Technology are on the road now. They’re accumulating 36 million miles a day, delivering excellent performance and producing dramatically lower emissions—all with comparable fuel economy to previous models. In November, we introduced the first Cat® earthmoving machine with ACERT Technology, and we’re confident this clean diesel technology will set us apart in the off-road arena as well.
On the machine side of our business, systems integration continues to differentiate Caterpillar® products from the competition. Electrohydraulic controls, integrated powertrain systems, global positioning and wireless communications systems, sound reduction technology and more are coming together to improve productivity, performance and operator comfort. These systems—and products like the SystemOne undercarriage featured on the cover of this report—are helping our customers increase overall job site efficiency and lower cost per ton.
3. Well-established global footprint. Our products are sold in over 200 countries, with more than half of our sales outside the U.S. We operate nearly 300 facilities in 40 countries on six continents, with a goal to be a cost-effective competitor in every major currency zone. Add our 198 Cat dealers, their 1,600- plus branch stores, around 1,400 Cat Rental Stores and more than 400 FG WilsonTM, MaKTM, Perkins® and Solar® distributors, and we literally blanket the four corners of the Earth. Our dealer network in particular gives us a local presence everywhere we do business. Our after-sales support capabilities and coverage are unmatched in our industry or, most likely, any industry. Ultimately, all business is local—and we are positioned to compete with “local” competitors the world over.
4. Unique set of market strengths. Caterpillar is exceptionally well-positioned by virtue of the markets we serve— global mining, global energy (oil/gas and coal), infrastructure development and distributed electric power, just to highlight some
 
 [ Dollars in millions except per share data ] 2004
Sales and revenues
Profit
Profit per common share
Profit per common share–diluted Dividends declared per common share Capital expenditures–excluding equipment
leased to others Research and development expenses
Year-end employment
Return on average stockholders’ equity Closing stock price (December 31)
$ 30,251 $ 2,035 $ 5.95 $ 5.75 $ 1.600
$ 926 $ 928 76,920 30.0% $ 97.51
 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS
 4
of the largest. These industries were characterized by significant underinvestment in the post-Asian crisis period of 1998-2002. Global economic growth returned to more robust trend levels in late 2003, and we believe this worldwide recovery has legs. Real economic growth at longer-term trend levels will require ongoing heavy investment in these industries—a sweet spot for Caterpillar.
5. Governance and financial integrity.
Maintaining uncompromisingly high ethical standards has always been a hallmark of Caterpillar—we’ve been guided by a strong Code of Worldwide Business Conduct since 1974. Our board has distinguished itself as a leader in corporate governance. Its members are independent, highly qualified and diverse, with an
outstanding working rapport with management. At Caterpillar, we’ve always been conservative in our financial accounting, and we are proud of the strength of our balance sheet, investment grade credit rating, well-funded benefit plans and cash flow.
Our compensation programs and stock ownership requirements clearly align executive and stockholder interests. We continue to work diligently to provide all our stakeholders with the information to make good decisions about our operations and the potential of our business.
MORE PASSION FOR PROCESS AND PEOPLE
In addition to these five key strengths, I believe our people and world-class 6 Sigma deployment also distinguish Caterpillar from
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
  2003
$ 22,763 $ 1,099 $ 3.18 $ 3.13 $ 1.440
$ 682 $ 669 69,169 19.0% $ 83.02
2002 2001 2000
 $ 20,152 $ 20,450 $ 798 $ 805 $ 2.32 $ 2.35 $ 2.30 $ 2.32 $ 1.400 $ 1.390
$ 728 $ 1,100 $ 656 $ 696 68,990 72,004 14.4% 14.4% $ 45.72 $ 52.25
$ 20,175 $ 1,053 $ 3.04 $ 3.02 $ 1.345
$ 928 $ 649 68,440 19.0% $ 47.31
 
the crowd. What an incredible success story 6 Sigma has been
for Caterpillar! It is the way we do business—how we manage quality, eliminate waste, reduce costs, create new products
and services, develop future leaders and help the company
grow profitably. We continue to find new ways to apply the methodology to tackle business challenges. Our leadership team
is committed to encoding 6 Sigma into Caterpillar’s “DNA” and extending its deployment to our dealers and suppliers—more than 500 of whom have already embraced the 6 Sigma way of doing business. Together we are creating the industry’s best supply chain, ready from top to bottom to meet the changing needs of those
we serve.
At the heart of our business, of course, are our people. What is Caterpillar, ultimately? We are a corporation, but corporations by themselves don’t do anything. The more than 76,000 people who work here do. Our goal is to capture the best ideas, energy, enthusiasm and passion of each and every one of our employees around the world—make sure they know they’re an integral part of “Team Caterpillar”—and together drive both rewarding and profitable results. That’s why people-related issues continue to be our number-one critical success factor, as we work to build
a culture where everyone’s contribution is valued, focus on diversity in our workforce, emphasize safety in all we do and maintain competitive wages and benefits.
MORE OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES AHEAD
With these building blocks for success in place, and with our
$30 billion sales and revenues goal accomplished, later this year we’ll roll out new vision and mission statements for the next decade, along with a set of critical success factors to drive their realization. Our focus will be on profit per share growth, which enables us to invest in research and development for leading-edge products, make capital improvements for modern and productive operations, offer competitive compensation and grow dividends for our stockholders—everything that makes Caterpillar a great employer, business partner and investment. Our goal is to
realize profit per share growth that is stronger than other manufacturers’—and again, I believe we’re well-positioned to realize this ambition.
Looking to the future, I’m excited about the challenges our global industries present because I know Caterpillar is ready! We’re heading into 2005 with the right products and services, the right technology, the right strategy and, most important, the right people. Our talented team is working together to make Caterpillar a great company for the future. We also thank our stockholders for their investments and the vote of confidence that represents. We’re committed to being good stewards of your funds.
The idea of building a great company was the theme of our annual report in 2003. It’s what we aspire to be. That’s why I believe this year’s theme of “Doing More” is so appropriate—not just for this year in which we all did so much more, but as a blueprint for
our future. To build a great company we must always do more— accept more challenges, pursue more opportunities, work for
more results and deliver more value to all our stakeholders. We must build on our positives and keep driving for excellence in each area of our business. Thanks to the efforts of Caterpillar people around the world, we are working together to transform this very good company into a truly great one—a journey we realize is never-ending.
January 27, 2005
  Jim Owens, Chairman
