TO MY FELLOW ACE SHAREHOLDERS

ACE had another record year in 2014, highlighted by operating earnings growth that was from both underwriting and investment income. Our success last year, achieved in a challenging environment, was made possible by a clear long-term strategy, a relentless focus on execution excellence, and a good balance of business by geography, product, customer and distribution that continues to evolve. In addition to producing record financial results, we invested in our company's capabilities, ranging from people and technology

Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to entire businesses. We were quite active, with a number of new and many existing initiatives including several acquisitions that complement our efforts in strategic growth markets in the United States, Asia and Latin America. We're consistent in our approach and have built an enviable track record. We concluded the year in the best financial, operational and competitive shape in our company's 30-year history and are well positioned for future growth and opportunity.

Now seven years on from the financial crisis and Great Recession that began in 2008, we continue to deal with the aftermath. Business is operating in a difficult and complex world. Economies are running at different speeds with most developed and developing markets slowing or stagnant, led by a eurozone gripped by economic, security and geopolitical difficulty; a slowing China in the throes of long-term economic reform and political change; a moribund Japan with a rapidly aging population and over-regulated economy; and, as a consequence of these conditions, a slowdown in major natural resource-dependent countries as global demand has cooled. The relative stability and strength of the U.S. economy is a bright spot of growth, dynamism and safety. Then there are geopolitical tensions, particularly in the Middle East with a breakdown of nation states and spreading global terrorism; Russia and the Ukraine; and China-related security tensions in the Asia Pacific region. The slowing global economy, combined with the specter of a more dangerous planet, propelled investor flight to safety with interest rates declining further to historic lows in the latter half of the year and into '15, falling oil and natural resource prices and a remarkably swift rally in the U.S. dollar. Altogether, it was and remains a difficult environment for multinationals. From an industry perspective, the global insurance market, with substantial and growing surplus capital and generally favorable loss results, continued to soften with premium revenue growth impacted by global economic conditions and investment income pressured by low interest rates. Even with that as backdrop, ACE had one of its best years ever in terms of financial performance. We produced record operating income driven by world-class combined ratios (the margin we earn from underwriting), relatively strong premium revenue growth, reasonable book value growth considering the impact of foreign exchange and, lastly, a very good ROE. After-tax operating income for the year was $3.3 billion with full-year earnings per share of $9.79, up 4.7% from 2013's record earnings.

3

Earning power drives long-term book value growth, which underpins total return Our operating return on equity of 12% last year speaks to an efficient use of capital. At approximately 1,000 basis points over risk-free 10-year U.S. Treasuries, the ROE was an excellent risk-adjusted return and substantially exceeded our cost of capital of 8%-9%. As we have said before, given our invested asset-to-equity leverage, every 100 basis points of investment portfolio yield for ACE is equal to approximately 200 basis points of ROE. The environment is uncertain and hard to predict. Given economic conditions, low interest rates will likely be with us for some time but will not remain this low indefinitely. In fact, in the U.S., we would be better off with higher Fed rates. In the meantime, instead of making the tough structural reforms needed for sustainable growth, governments of most major countries around the globe, faced with underperforming economies and deflationary pressures, are depending on low interest rates to devalue their currencies and stimulate investments and demand for their exports. ACE is a truly global multinational insurer, and we are dollar-based. In 2014, investor flight to safety, as a result of the global economic and geopolitical uncertainties I just mentioned, drove the dollar to appreciate substantially against most other currencies. The strong dollar impacted our book value growth by $747 million with per share book value growing 6.1% for the year, or 8.8% excluding the unfavorable foreign currency movement. By the way, net income for the year was impacted by both foreign exchange volatility and a $385 million realized mark-to-market loss associated with the company's variable annuity reinsurance business as a result of the record low interest rates. In 2013, we recorded a $299 million realized gain on the variable annuity portfolio when interest rates rose. We consider ourselves a growth company as measured by growth in book value over any reasonable period of time, but in a risk business with market and economic cycles, growth will not occur in a smooth line ­ it requires a longer-term view. ACE's book value has tripled in the last 10 years and grown at a compound annual rate of 11.7%. Over the past five years, book value has had compound annual growth of 8.6%. Our shareholders have and will continue to benefit from our diversified global presence, which is a unique source of earnings strength, provides stability, and enables us to take advantage of so many opportunities around the globe including areas with a faster long-term growth trajectory, and this will translate into superior book value growth over time.

ROE and book value per share growth ultimately drive share price. Our shareholders benefited last year from a 14.5% total return on ACE's common stock, which includes share price appreciation plus dividends. This compares favorably with 13.7% for the S&P 500. For a medium- and longerterm perspective, ACE has produced a total return of 77%, 157% and 235%, respectively, for the three-, five- and 10year periods. Relative to our peers, ACE has been a top-tier performer over the medium and long term. Over the shorterterm one- to three-year period, however, our total return has lagged some others due to their low price-to-book valuations because their book values were severely impaired during the financial crisis. In fact, their multiples still suffer relative to ACE. What drives long-term sustainable growth in total return is earning power, plain and simple, and that's derived from the size, growth velocity and quality of your business and the size and strength of your balance sheet. ACE's earning power and balance sheet today versus 10 or even five years ago are substantially stronger. Companies increase their per share ROE and book value growth either by investing for growth (increasing the numerator) or by returning capital to shareholders (shrinking the denominator) or a combination of the two. In much of the past decade, we have invested most of our capital for growth while paying a good dividend that increased each year. With the evolution of our company, and given our current earning power and today's operating environment, we've balanced our approach. We retain capital to grow our earning power while we return more capital to shareholders. In 2014, we earned $3.3 billion and returned $2.4 billion, which included $900 million in dividends and $1.5 billion in repurchased shares, while at the same time investing approximately $600 million in organic growth and $1.2 billion in acquisitions. In 2015, we intend to repurchase another $1.5 billion in shares. We have clearly demonstrated that when we build up sufficient capital flexibility for both opportunity and risk, we return the additional capital surplus we generate via share repurchase and dividends to the extent they do not impact our growth capability. Our industry trades on a price-to-book basis. When one looks though at P/Es relative to other industries in the S&P 500, our industry trades at a substantial discount that I think is unwarranted on a risk-adjusted basis ­ certainly for our company. In my judgment, even though we trade at the upper end of P&C industry multiples, ACE's share price is undervalued. Our P/E is low relative to the market although in line with our historic P/E ­ but that's not relevant because we are hardly the company today that we were five years ago, let alone 10. As I believe I demonstrate over the next few pages, the earning power of our organization, the quality of our balance sheet and the steadiness of our results together equal a quality franchise that on a risk-reward basis is simply undervalued. We are patient.

4

A conservative and disciplined approach to underwriting management ACE is an underwriting company ­ we take risk for a living and insist on making a profit when we do so. Everything we do begins with underwriting and ours was simply excellent last year, highlighted by a P&C combined ratio of 87.7% versus 88% in 2013 and underwriting income of $1.9 billion, up 7.2%. This calendar year result benefited primarily from a strong current accident year performance, defined as the results from our current year underwriting exposures, and reflects the fundamental strength of our in-force portfolio of risks. Current accident year underwriting income excluding catastrophes was up 13% for the year while the current accident year combined ratio was 89.3% versus 90% last year. ACE and the industry benefited from relatively benign loss activity, including natural catastrophes, and a reasonable

early, hang on to your hat ­ most times it only gets worse as reserves develop. Last year, we recorded $527 million in pretax positive reserve development, essentially the same as the prior year. We have established a strong record of underwriting profitability and have earned a cumulative underwriting profit since we were founded in 1985. As the chart on the next page demonstrates, we have outperformed our domestic and international peers in terms of our P&C combined ratio over the last one, three, five and 10 years, with a 10-year average of 90.8%. ACE's underwriting results last year also benefited from our continued focus to refine underwriting portfolio management, including our risk selection decision-making around what lines to grow or shrink and where corrective actions are needed. To further advance underwriting excellence and discipline across the company, we introduced underwriting best practices to achieve greater consistency at an individual risk and portfolio level. All of us in senior management are engaged in this constant effort to improve our underwriting management. It's all about greater insight and, as expected, execution excellence. One of our medium- and long-term strategic priorities is the use of data and analytics ­ an area of major and growing investment with many initiatives in progress. Analytical tools and better data management are benefiting our insights into risk and customer selection, including underwriting, claims and marketing, with the objective to produce relative superior risk selection. On a related note, better use of data is ameliorating the impact of the P&C underwriting cycle, but I believe only to a degree ­ mostly large, well-established insurers with lots of expertise and data for their large, homogenous pools of risk in developed markets like auto or small commercial. Anything beyond that is an overstatement. In fact, I doubt most insurers are investing in data and analytics in any meaningful way at this time either because they don't have the capability and the data, or they simply don't care. Strong operating cash flow drives net investment income In addition to underwriting, investment income is our other source of earnings. Driven by our strong cash flow of $4.5 billion, last year's net investment income grew over 5% to $2.3 billion, which is a terrific result considering the low interest rate environment. Our cash flow continued to benefit net investment income even with current new money rates at 2.8% versus an average portfolio book yield of 3.8% throughout 2014. We are mindful of risk and don't blindly chase yield ­ we take most of our risk on the liability side of the balance sheet, with our capital leveraged against insurance

ACE's book value has tripled in the last 10 years and grown at a compound annual rate of 11.7%. Over the past five years, book value has had compound annual growth of 8.6%.

though competitive price environment in many areas where we conduct business. Catastrophe losses of $249 million after tax were modest and well below expected but still 26% higher than 2013. The industry's natural catastrophe losses in 2014 were $38 billion versus the 10-year average of $59 billion. Our conservative and disciplined approach to underwriting management is a hallmark of our company and shows up in both our current-year results and the positive development of our reserves for the business we wrote in prior years. We manage our reserves conservatively ­ we are, after all, in a risk business. If there's one thing I've learned about reserves in my 40 years in this business, it's that good news tends to come early and bad news comes late. By the way, if bad news comes

5

exposure, so we are conservative on the asset side and maintain a predominantly investment-grade fixed income portfolio. After all, our invested assets are shareholder capital and the loss reserves we hold to pay policyholder claims. Our balance sheet grew in strength and size last year with total shareholders' equity increasing to $29.6 billion and total capital now at $35.8 billion, up from $23.2 billion just five years ago and almost triple its $12.3 billion size 10 years ago. Cash and invested assets of $63.6 billion, which were up $2.1 billion for the year, are a source of future profit and ROE accretion. Our debt-to-equity ratio of 20% is one of the lowest among major peers. The most important component of an insurer's balance sheet is loss reserves, which back the promise to pay claims. ACE's net loss reserves grew 2.5% during the year adjusted for foreign exchange and stood at $26.3 billion at year-end.

In the last 10 years, we have made 17 acquisitions worth about $7 billion. These acquisitions are key investments that have deepened our presence in important growth markets, specifically the U.S., Asia and Latin America, and have diversified our capabilities in consumer businesses, crop insurance and even our large commercial P&C business. In 2014, we announced or completed three acquisitions, all of which will be accretive to earnings in their first full year of operation, generate excellent IRRs and should meet or exceed our ROE target in a reasonably short time frame. Acquisitions are not only about having the capital to pay for them but also the people with the experience and operational know-how to integrate them successfully into your company and manage them efficiently. ACE is all about operational excellence so buying a company is just the beginning. While we are hardly perfect, we pay close attention to integration from all aspects ­ from the financial and operational details to the nuances

P&C Combined Ratio versus Peers
ACE's underwriting results outperformed the averages of North American and global peers over the last five years. Averages
1 year 3 year 5 year

105%

100% 95% 90% 85%

North American Peers1 Global Peers ACE
1 2

93.8% 96.4% 87.7%

96.3% 96.6% 89.9%

97.9% 97.1% 90.9%

2

Includes AIG, CB, CNA, HIG, TRV, XL Includes Allianz, AXA, Munich Re, QBE, RSA, Zurich Source: SNL and company disclosures

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

Diversification by geography, product, customer and distribution At ACE, while we are constantly working to make the company we have better, we are also entrepreneurial builders and adding to the company with investments that will yield benefits in the future. We do this two ways ­ we focus first on capturing organic growth where the returns are attractive, which is the overwhelming way we create value, and we selectively pursue acquisitions to complement our growth strategies. We view making these investments like planting seeds for future growth and earnings ­ just as the results you're seeing today are the fruits of investments we made over the past decade.

of culture and talent management. We believe our disciplined approach to acquisitions has produced very satisfactory results ­ an 18.5% IRR on all M&A transactions we've completed since 2004 ­ and provides a measure of reassurance to our shareholders that we are good stewards of their capital. All of the organic and acquisition investments we've made have helped diversify our company by geography, product, customer segment and distribution channel to position ourselves to capitalize on growth opportunities. In terms of geography, we have deepened our local presence globally in both developed and developing markets and today have extensive operations competing in the local indigenous markets in 54 countries and territories ­ one of the very few multiline P&C insurers with such extensive on-the-ground coverage. We have all this territory for two purposes ­ first and foremost is to pursue business locally, which represents a vast opportunity, and second is to serve the sophisticated needs

6

of multinationals through our own offices and our network spanning 200 countries that can effectively handle the risks of our customers anywhere in the world. While about 50% of our business is written in the U.S., the fastest-growing regions economically are Asia and Latin America, where we have built and continue to broaden our presence and capabilities to take advantage of growth economies that are fostering new business creation and the emergence of a middle class. Just five years ago, Asia and Latin America represented 16% of our net premiums, while 10 years ago they were 11%. Today, the two regions represent 25%, and our vision for the medium term is for them to grow to about a third of our company. Europe today represents less than 20% with the remaining 5% predominantly in Bermuda. We continue to broaden and deepen our global presence ­ in fact, I believe we've just started. We have also been patiently and thoughtfully diversifying our product balance by growing our concentration in consumerfocused and small business insurance lines while we continue to invest in and grow our traditional strength in industrial commercial and specialty P&C. Five years ago, our personal accident, personal lines, small commercial and life insurance businesses together represented 35% of our net written premiums ­ 10 years ago they were just 19%. Today, these businesses represent over 40% of our company and will likely grow to 50% or more over time. Meanwhile, our industrial commercial and specialty P&C businesses are growing and adding new products and services like cyber risk coverages and multinational servicing and technology to address the evolving needs of large commercial customers. There's plenty of scope for growth in our commercial P&C franchise, although it requires patience and focus as we navigate both industry and economic cycles. The third dimension of our diversification strategy is customer segment. We have been evolving from an insurer that primarily serves large companies for their commercial P&C needs to a broad multiline P&C insurer that serves commercial customers of all sizes as well as individual consumers for the general and life insurance needs of themselves and their families. For example, we serve large multinational corporations with complex cross-border exposures ­ one of the only insurers in the world that can do this well ­ and large domestic companies. In parallel, our strategies in recent years have focused on penetrating much more deeply all levels of middlemarket commercial business ­ upper, middle and lower ­ in the U.S. and other major developed countries. We have also

built and acquired businesses focused on small commercial enterprises and even the microbusiness market. In a similar way, we have built and acquired businesses focused on individuals and their families ­ ranging from mass-market consumers purchasing A&H, specialty personal lines and life insurance in Asia, Latin America and Europe to affluent families in the U.S. purchasing a portfolio of personal lines coverage. The fourth and last dimension is distribution and depends on who we are trying to reach and how best to do so. In addition to retail and wholesale commercial P&C brokerage ­ our traditional commercial P&C channel ­ we have built over the years extensive capabilities to reach individual consumers and smaller commercial customers. These include agency (both independent and tied), bancassurance and direct marketing. We tailor our distribution based on the country, its economic conditions and culture to best reach our target customer, and in some countries use a multi-distribution model to increase sales and market penetration. For example, we might distribute life insurance through our own agents, bank branches and outbound telemarketing to customers of large retailers and credit card issuers. Total company net premiums written, which include P&C, A&H, life and reinsurance, grew about 6% on a constant-dollar basis to $17.8 billion. Excluding agriculture, which is primarily our market-leading U.S. crop insurance business, global P&C net premium revenue grew nearly 7%. We've grown about double the industry average over the last five years while earning a superior underwriting profit. With gross premiums written of $23.4 billion, which speaks to presence, we're still scratching the surface of the $4.6 trillion global insurance market. From a regional perspective, premium growth last year was led by our businesses in Asia and Latin America followed by the U.S. Economic conditions in many developing markets were impacted by the slowdown in Europe and China which as the year went on impacted many Asian and Latin American countries that are natural resource and export dependent. The slowdown is a short-to-medium term trend because the underlying long-term trends in these emerging economies remain strong: a growing middle class and consumerism, growing new business creation and, therefore, growing commercial and personal insurance sales, particularly because they are so under-penetrated and modern economies require a strong insurance industry. Of course, this depends on these countries continuing to pursue more market-oriented development of their private sectors that will benefit wealth creation. During difficult times like these, governments tend to stray under political and populist pressures and become more protectionist and less market oriented.

7

North America Let's begin with North America, which includes the U.S., Bermuda and Canada. With $13.6 billion in gross premiums and $9.9 billion in net premiums representing 56% of the company, North America is our largest region. P&C net premiums written grew 5% for the year. Fifty-seven percent of the business is focused on large and upper middlemarket corporate customers, with 15% in middle market and small commercial and 28% consumer. With about 10,000 employees and 170 offices, the businesses of ACE in North America write commercial and personal P&C and A&H coverage for a broad swath of commercial customers and individual consumers. We have pursued a long-term strategy to build greater presence and capabilities beyond our established large corporate franchise and today have a good balance of business that serves nearly all sizes of commercial customers ­ from the largest corporations to microbusinesses. We also have three very focused consumer businesses ­ one at the high net worth (HNW) end of the market for personal lines coverages, one serving the middle-income market for individual A&H products sold through captive agents, and one that works with companies and affinity groups to provide A&H insurance to their employees and members predominantly through brokers. Large corporate and upper middle-market commercial customers are a core franchise and they're served by ACE USA through retail brokers and ACE Bermuda, our original company, through wholesale brokers. While this was the most competitive end of the market last year and hence the slowest growing ­ ACE USA and ACE Bermuda grew net premiums about 4.5% and 1%, respectively ­ we saw multiple opportunities to further build our business. We added more than 30 new products to address emerging risks, such as cyber and the unique liability exposures faced by educational institutions and religious organizations. We introduced catastrophe liability coverage for the construction industry and expanded our mergers and acquisitions-related insurance practice to now serve private equity firms, their portfolio companies and their M&A transactions. We added innovative services such as providing immediate support to customers after an environmental release of hazardous materials and other regulated substances. As a major casualty writer, we launched a new division that consolidated our U.S. and global casualty offerings to provide more efficient underwriting and

servicing for large multinational companies. We also employed more insightful underwriting through improved portfolio management to identify profitable growth areas ­ including a focus on cross-selling more products to our existing customers and becoming a more relevant solution for their needs. Moving next to the mid- and lower middle market, our excess and surplus lines (E&S) and specialty product company, ACE Westchester, grew over 10%. A major initiative undertaken last year was to add retail broker distribution to the Westchester's existing wholesale channel so that we can broaden our customer reach. We have also been adding more product capabilities such as cyber risk offerings for middle-market companies and customized product recall coverage for smaller businesses. To better address the needs of U.S.based life sciences companies, we expanded our suite of products to offer domestic and global product liability and provide coverage for clinical trials for biotechnology, specialty pharmaceutical and certain medical device organizations. Lower middle-market and small commercial enterprises in the U.S. are served by ACE Commercial Risk Services, which focuses on specialty products and packaged plans distributed by retail and wholesale brokers and program managers. ACE CRS was our fastest-growing North American business last year with net premiums up nearly 17%. We have been growing this business rapidly, adding teams of people and product capability including a new division to serve micro-sized businesses. Turning to consumers, we are a significant provider of HNW insurance to the market in North America through ACE Private Risk Services, which we've built over the last five years and grew over 8% last year. In December, we announced our intention to acquire the Fireman's Fund HNW personal lines insurance business in the U.S. from Allianz for $365 million. Acquiring the Fireman's Fund business is a significant investment to expand our HNW personal lines capabilities and will make ACE one of the largest HNW insurers in the U.S. The Fund's team joining us has a deep understanding of the HNW market and strong relationships with an extensive network of approximately 1,100 agents and brokers serving this discerning clientele. When the transaction is completed in the second quarter of 2015 ­ a good example of an acquisition complementing organic growth ­ the addition of more than 100,000 premier customers and one of the industry's most respected HNW personal lines teams, including talented claims, underwriting, actuarial and marketing professionals, will more than double the size of our business and accelerate its growth trajectory. Our two other consumer-facing business in North America are Combined Insurance, which primarily uses a captive agency sales force to reach middle-income consumers, and the A&H division of ACE USA, which sells employee benefit programs

8

and accident and supplemental health group coverage to various organizations through brokers. For Combined Insurance, net premiums in North America were flat for the year but grew 2% in the fourth quarter ­ Combined's best performance after years of declining sales and a sign that it's turning the corner. Driving this sales performance was growth in North American agents, up 11% in the year, as well as an increase in productivity per agent and the addition of new products. We have 3,000 agents in North America and should have 10,000 ­ it is such an underserved market. Agent growth was due in part to our focused recruitment of more than 1,200 U.S. military veterans ­ an accomplishment that earned Combined recognition as the number one employer of vets by G.I. Jobs last year. Vets have the training, discipline and strong self-starter skills that align so well to the Combined sales culture. We are believers in the long-term power of the Combined.

Asia On the other side of the world is our Asia region, with $3 billion in gross premiums and $2.6 billion in net premiums representing 14% of the company. P&C net premiums in the region grew 15% last year while life premiums and deposits grew 19%. We're present throughout the region in a major way ­ over 5,000 employees in 190 offices in 14 countries, six of which have both life and non-life operations, and serving all sizes of commercial customers and consumers. Our presence, which in some cases dates back to the early 1900s through our legacy Insurance Company of North America (INA), ranges from large, developed markets such as Japan and Australia; to Hong Kong, Korea and Taiwan in the north; to the dynamic and faster-growing Southeast Asian countries such as Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia and Vietnam. Commercial lines is now 19% of our book in the region, consumer nonlife, meaning A&H and personal lines, is 41% and life is 40%. This mix reflects the region's growth of middle-class consumers, small businesses and large world-class companies as these economies have developed. Our large commercial business in the region is distributed predominantly through retail brokers while small commercial and personal lines is through over 4,000 independent agents and A&H through direct marketing including 3,000 telemarketers, travel agents and retail insurance agents. On the life side, ACE Life has more than 23,000 exclusive agents in the region as well as bank branches and telemarketing to distribute its savings and investment-oriented products. I believe Asia Pacific, by virtue of its sheer size and the fact that the global center of economic gravity will continue shifting to Asia, led by China and to a lesser degree India, likely represents the greatest long-term growth potential for ACE of any region of the world. Some of our fastest-growing countries are based in the region and have produced the following five-year compound annual growth rates: Indonesia, 54%, Hong Kong, 37%, Malaysia, 34%, Korea, 30% and Thailand, 19%. In the spring, we significantly increased our investment in Thailand, the second-largest ASEAN economy, by completing the acquisition of Siam Commercial Samaggi Insurance for $176 million. ACE Samaggi, as the general insurer will be rebranded in 2015, distributes personal lines and small commercial insurance products through its 34 branches, 1,000 independent agents and more than 1,100 branches of Siam Commercial Bank (SCB), one of the country's largest and most respected financial institutions. We have been operating in Thailand for many years and know the country well, and the addition of Samaggi Insurance makes us the largest foreignowned P&C insurer in Thailand. Along with our existing large commercial P&C and A&H business, this transaction gives us greater presence in one of the most exciting, fastest-growing insurance markets in Southeast Asia with more offices in the up-country regions outside of Bangkok and the ability to grow our personal lines and small commercial insurance

All of the organic and acquisition investments we've made have helped diversify our company by geography, product, customer segment and distribution channel to position ourselves to capitalize on growth opportunities.

In our North American agriculture division, net premiums decreased about 2.5%, driven mostly by lower crop commodity prices. The division has two businesses. The first is our crop insurance company, Rain and Hail, which had a very good year highlighted by a 90.4% combined ratio. As I have explained in the past, crop insurance is a unique public-private partnership in the U.S. and a business where premiums fluctuate up and down for all insurers serving this sector based on commodity prices and how we share revenue and loss with the government. As a result, even when premiums are down for the year, our circa 20% market share remained steady. The second business, ACE Agribusiness, which is focused on P&C products for farms and ranches and complements what we do in crop insurance to serve the needs of the agriculture industry, is developing nicely.

9

capabilities. I'm excited and honored by our relationship with SCB with which we now have distribution agreements for both non-life and life products. Complementing their branch network, ACE's 600 outbound telemarketers, who now conduct A&H and life direct response marketing programs for many large corporate sponsors such as retailers and credit card companies, will ultimately reach a large portion of SCB's 12 million customers. Last year, our fastest-growing country in the region on the nonlife side was Korea, where sales increased 28%. ACE Korea's P&C business has a very large consumer direct response marketing-related operation that's predominantly A&H. We use innovative distribution ­ including direct response TV on the home shopping network and database marketing to credit card customers of financial institutions ­ selling our personal accident and supplemental health products including

Similar to the Asia story, this region also has a growing middle class, new business creation, and in each market large domestic and multinational companies. We have a similar distribution formula in the region ­ commercial P&C is sold predominantly through retail brokers while small commercial and personal lines are through brokers and over 6,200 independent agents. A&H is sold mostly through agents and direct marketing using our 2,700 telemarketers. ACE's Latin American growth has been impressive with net premiums up 20% per year over the last five years and double-digit rates for many of the countries in which we operate ­ including 40% for Mexico and 10% for Brazil. Even with this kind of growth, I expect Latin America, given its dependence on natural resources and its populist brand of politics, will be challenging and have volatility over the short and medium term ­ typical characteristics of an emerging market. But we are no less optimistic about its medium- and long-term potential.

Operating ROE versus Peers
ACE's operating return on equity has exceeded the averages of North American and global peers over the last five years.
16%

Averages
1 year 3 year 5 year

12% 8% 4% 0%

ACE Global Peers1 North American Peers2
1 2

12.0% 8.6% 10.5%

11.7% 8.0% 9.7%

11.8% 8.5% 8.4%

Includes Allianz, AXA, Munich Re, QBE, RSA, Zurich Includes AIG, CB, CNA, HIG, TRV, XL Source: SNL, Thomson ONE and company disclosures

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

affordable dental insurance plans. We have over 1,800 telemarketers in seven call centers selling our A&H, residential and life products. Latin America ACE's presence in Latin America dates back to the 1940s and 1950s for some countries and today we are active in nine nations producing total gross premiums of $2.3 billion and $1.9 billion in net premiums representing 11% of the company. From Mexico in the north through the Andean nations of Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, to Argentina and Brazil in the south, we have 3,700 employees and 110 offices and serve commercial customers with our P&C products and consumers through A&H, personal lines and life. We have a very good balance of business in the region with commercial P&C about 30% of our book and the balance overwhelmingly in consumer non-life products ­ both A&H and personal lines.

In October, we made a major investment to complement our longstanding presence in the world's seventh-largest economy ­ Brazil. Completing the acquisition of the large corporate property and casualty business of Itaú Seguros from Itaú Unibanco for approximately $610 million gave us a premier franchise serving the country's largest and most prestigious corporate customers as well as relationships with more than 600 brokers. ACE is now the largest commercial P&C insurer in Brazil. The acquisition, which raised our profile and significantly expanded our physical presence in this nation of 200 million people, not only benefits our established commercial P&C business but supports the future growth of our other businesses that serve mid-sized and smaller commercial and consumer product customers.

10

Mexico led the region last year in terms of premium growth, with net premiums up 40%. Mexico is a great example of how we've made strategic acquisitions to complement our existing capabilities and in the process transformed our total presence in a country. In 2013, as you will recall, we made two acquisitions ­ surety provider Fianzas Monterrey and personal lines writer ABA Seguros. These two businesses complemented our existing capabilities, which at the time consisted of a well-established commercial P&C company and a sizable A&H business that until now has been mostly direct response marketing driven. Today, the ACE franchise in Mexico has over 2,100 employees in 67 offices producing $881 million in gross premiums. Our distribution capabilities are significant, including 4,500 brokers and independent agents, affinity and auto dealer relationships, bancassurance and telemarketing. We are actively pursuing cross-sell opportunities ­ for example, offering small group A&H and small business insurance through thousands of ABA Seguros's agents. Europe Premium growth was more constrained last year in the developed markets of Europe, reflecting challenging economic and market conditions. Our European region, which includes our presence in the United Kingdom and 18 other countries across the Continent, produced about $4.3 billion in gross premiums and $3.2 billion in net premiums last year. Our presence in Europe dates back to the late 18th century through INA and is extensive today with 45 offices and 2,500 employees. In the U.K. and Ireland, ACE's second-largest market in size after the U.S. with over $2 billion in gross premiums, we have 12 offices and about 1,400 employees writing a full range of commercial and specialty P&C and A&H risks. The business mix in the region comprises 66% commercial lines and 34% consumer lines, which includes both A&H and specialty personal lines. We are pursuing large corporate and middle-market customers with commercial and specialty P&C products that are distributed through both retail brokers and wholesale brokers operating in one of the world's largest insurance markets ­ London, where we have a meaningful presence in Lloyd's. Our specialty personal lines and A&H programs, including business travel accident, are sold through brokers and sponsors and selectively through direct marketing to consumers, employees and customers of large organizations. Net premiums written for the region overall were flat last year with the U.K. down less than 1% and our business on the Continent up less than 1% ­ good results, actually, given competitive market conditions and the difficult long-term structural economic and political issues confronting the eurozone. Premiums in ACE Global Markets, our wholesale E&S business, were also flat in the year, exercising good underwriting discipline in the particularly competitive London wholesale market.

In 2014, we introduced several new products and services, particularly for the commercial sector where we are specialty oriented. We further developed our cyber risk practice in Continental Europe; upgraded our market-leading directors and officers coverage; launched a suite of targeted professional indemnity wordings for media and technology companies; added catastrophe management solutions to both our life sciences and environmental risk offerings; and introduced ACE Business Class, an improved business travel solution. We also expanded our global surety practice, adding new capabilities in Benelux and Iberia which now extends our local presence to five European markets. In an effort to build business with middle-market corporate customers that have multinational needs, we launched ACE Middle Market Solutions in Continental Europe and improved our e-commerce offering for U.K. brokers through new online solutions in the areas of D&O and environmental liability. A view of the company by product Switching gears and looking at our business by product, commercial P&C is our single largest product category with $12.5 billion in gross premiums and $8.6 billion in net premiums written representing 48% of the company. For the year, our commercial and specialty P&C businesses generated growth of about 5.5% globally in constant dollars. Latin America led the way with net premium growth of 17% followed by growth of 10.5% in Asia Pacific and 6% in North America. Commercial P&C is our predominant global franchise at ACE and in every market around the world we are serving the P&C insurance needs of commercial customers whether they are large domestic companies, multinational corporations, middle-market companies of all sizes or small commercial enterprises. E&S and specialty P&C products, which have been growing faster for us, now comprise nearly 60% of our North American commercial P&C gross premiums. Our Global Accounts division, which is a customer-interfacing organization focused on the complex insurance needs of large domestic and multinational companies, many of which purchase multiple lines of coverage from us, made significant progress introducing its capabilities to new and prospective clients. For multinational business, a competency that distinguishes ACE from many other insurers, we bring to bear our entire organization including our global network, broad product portfolio and underwriting expertise, award-winning systems, client and claims relationship teams, and specialized legal and tax advisory services.

11

After commercial P&C, A&H is our second-largest product category and represents about 21% of our company's net written premiums. With $4.2 billion in gross premiums and $3.7 billion in net premiums, A&H is a global business for ACE that comprises personal accident and supplemental health coverage typically sold as either a group benefit via employer plans or as special insurance protection offerings from a sponsoring organization for its members and customers. We sell our A&H products through a variety of channels including brokers, agency, direct marketing and bancassurance. For example, we have roughly 8,300 telemarketers in over 100 call centers making close to 100 million calls each year. In 2014, global A&H net premiums written grew 4.5% on a constantdollar basis led by Asia Pacific and Latin America with net written premium growth of 22% and 11%, respectively. Premiums in the U.S. and Europe were up 2% and down 7%, respectively. For our agency-based Combined Insurance business, premiums were down modestly on a global basis but, as I mentioned earlier, showed promising signs of renewed growth. Our next largest P&C product category is personal lines ­ a $2 billion global business that has tripled in size in the last five years and is approaching 13% of the company's total net premiums with the addition of the Fireman's Fund business in the U.S. About 70% of our personal lines business is written outside the U.S. where we are generating good organic growth. In 2014, global personal lines net premiums written grew 25% in constant dollars. We pick our spots carefully in this business ­ for example, mass-market auto in Mexico and Malaysia, high net worth consumers in the U.S. and mobile phone customers in Europe ­ based on where we see opportunity and where we bring competitive advantage. This means where we can serve customers, earn reasonable underwriting margins and where underwriting skill makes a difference. Personal lines is an area of continued growth for us but we are just as disciplined and strive to enforce the same exacting standards in personal lines as we do with our commercial P&C business. Turning to life, our international life insurance business, which focuses predominantly on Asia, had a great year and is really coming into its own. Premiums and deposits grew 18.5% and we now have over 37,000 exclusive agents. We also have a number of important bank distribution partners. Building a life insurance business takes patience and discipline and ours has been making good progress. The business turned a profit last year and in the next three to four years will begin making a meaningful contribution to our earnings.

Lastly, our global reinsurance business had a very good year with modest catastrophe losses and solid underwriting results contributing to a combined ratio of 72.3%. Net premiums declined almost 6% as this business demonstrated underwriting discipline in the face of declining reinsurance rates and increasing competition in a market flooded with capital, much of it from alternative sources. Market conditions, capacity versus capability, and the impact of alternative capital Insurance market conditions grew more competitive during the year, starting with reinsurance and then moving through the commercial insurance market, although it varied by country and by line, and by customer segment within line. As I said earlier, the industry is awash in capital as a result of favorable results, especially low catastrophe and large loss activity and relatively muted loss cost inflation, and an influx of alternative capital from new players interested in insurance as an asset class. Slow economic growth outside the U.S. and record low interest rates globally are pressuring insurer growth and returns and driving companies to seek growth or perceived earnings opportunities wherever they can find it. The battle cry is diversification and few will do it well. Conditions are most competitive in reinsurance and the major wholesale markets of London and Bermuda, while other markets are competitive, too, but more rational. The competitive landscape was and still is very different depending on who you are and what you do. For example, where it's simply about capacity such as excess layers of coverage, and not a lot about capability, then conditions are most competitive. But when it's about capability, it's more rational ­ and that's our wheelhouse. We have substantial primary insurer capabilities ­ our portfolio of specialty coverages and capacity, an ability to underwrite and service business anywhere globally, the size and strength of our balance sheet including our top ratings, our claims service, risk engineering and loss control services, the ability to provide risk management, etc. In addition, our on-the-ground presence in so many places locally around the globe enables us to reach and service local distribution partners and their customers more effectively ­ something most cannot do. Regardless of whether the market conditions are hard or soft, either way, we play it the same ­ we're consistent in our behavior and resolute in our discipline to trade premium volume for underwriting profit as necessary while selectively capturing profitable growth when and where we see it. Given our broad reach and focus, some of our businesses are waxing while others are waning. Sometimes there's more return for the effort, sometimes there's less. But as our track record has proven, ACE outperforms in any market.

12

In last year's letter to you, I discussed how the reinsurance market landscape was undergoing cyclical as well as structural changes as a result of alternative sources of capital and technology. The capital markets and other providers are bringing more capacity, adding to the oversupply of capital and creating a softer market ­ particularly in reinsurance and the wholesale markets. Of late, emerging market capital sources, principally Chinese insurers and investment funds, have started to become interested in insurance beyond their borders. This is on the one hand a cyclical dynamic and some of this "innocent" capital will be abused and ultimately withdraw as losses emerge. On the other hand, over a longer period of time, in an iterative and evolving process, we may see more structural changes. For example, primary insurers like ACE ­ the originators and managers of risk with underwriting, analytical skills and a proven record of returns ­ might work together with the alternative capital players in a

Investors should benefit from the underwriting profit generated by our broadly diversified portfolio of reinsured business and BlackRock's diversified and customized investment portfolio management. What we are doing is a pretty unique innovation but inevitable. In the long term, as the world grows more complex and as risk and concentrations of values increase, our industry will need the tools and transmission capability to distribute risk to a broader pool of capital to complement the skills and risk-taking capabilities of traditional buy-andhold reinsurers. The external environment ­ macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges As I noted at the beginning, in addition to more competitive insurance market conditions globally, we also face a difficult macroeconomic environment. The global economy has slowed since my letter of last year with many countries and regions of the world facing extraordinary challenges. The eurozone is in continued crisis. Currency union without fiscal union is flawed. For years now, there's been no growth, double-digit unemployment, huge government deficits in many countries, and labor and entitlement laws that strangle business and discourage investment. Record low interest rates ­ in fact, negative rates in some countries ­ have failed to stimulate demand. Europe's recently announced quantitative easing (QE) efforts are driving the currency down ­ it's the latest central bank effort to stimulate demand and growth through exports, inflation and investment. But the euro banking transmission vehicle is damaged and banks have not been lending at sufficient levels. Over time, a combination of a lower euro, cheaper oil, QE and a better outlook for credit will improve Europe's growth prospects, but it won't be great because the structural problems remain. The eurozone also faces the threats of terrorism, immigration and Russian adventurism ­ all adding to a climate of anger and fear that's fanning the flames of an emerging and ugly nationalist and populist brand of politics. China's growth has cooled ­ in fact, growth last year was the slowest in many years and '15 growth will likely be slower. China is attempting to transition from a manufacturing and export-driven growth model that is unsustainable to a domestic consumption and services-based economy. China's economic reform will take a long time ­ it's a large economy in a large country. This kind of change would be long and difficult for any country. A combination of inefficient government bureaucracy, strong individual interests at all levels, a lack of rule of law and a climate of uncertainty makes it that much more difficult. As a result, there is a lot of risk in this transition and it will take years to accomplish ­ we have yet to see the impact.

Regardless of market conditions, we're consistent in our behavior and resolute in our discipline to trade premium volume for underwriting profit as necessary while selectively capturing profitable growth when and where we see it.

complementary way. As I said last year, insurers might even one day package and distribute risk to investors directly through the capital markets complementing the traditional reinsurance market. To that effect, as you may have heard, we are taking a modest first step and raising capital for a new reinsurance company in partnership with BlackRock. ABR Re will accept a percentage of a broad selection of the reinsurance treaties we have with the traditional markets. With ACE as the sole cedent to this new reinsurer (it will not take business from other insurers), investors will essentially be investing in a share of ACE underwriting combined with BlackRock's investing prowess. ABR Re's stated objective is preservation and appreciation of capital while ensuring sufficient liquidity to satisfy obligations.

13

On the political side, Chinese President Xi is consolidating power through an anti-corruption campaign and reasserting controls over civil society by restricting freedom of speech, strengthening central party power, and using tools of nationalism and a case for traditional Chinese values to boost party legitimacy. Again, it's a climate of caution and restiveness while at the same time China is striving for economic reform that is to be more private sector led. In my judgment, economic reform in China does not mean reform in the Western liberal philosophical sense we imagine, i.e., a more market-oriented economy based on individual and property rights and protected by the rule of law with institutions strong and independent enough to administer with fairness and transparency. Again, in my judgment, reform means simply and practically what it will take to maintain long-term sustainable growth and move from an investment- and export-oriented economy to a consumption and more services-oriented one,

Much like Europe, Japan and Brazil, among others, are examples of countries failing to make the structural reforms needed to support sustainable growth and wealth creation. There is as a result an over-reliance around the world on central bank policy to prop up economies with diminishing returns, but as a consequence a silent currency war is underway as countries cut interest rates or print money to devalue their currencies and export their way out. And as I said earlier, energy- and commodity-dependent developing nations are feeling the impact of the steep drop in oil and other commodity prices as demand declines. So, growth globally is slowing while the risk of deflation is growing as demand slows. The U.S., on the other hand, is a source of relative economic strength and stability in the world though we continue to grow below trend and our capability. While we will benefit overall from the oil price decline, the negative impact of the strong

Premium Distribution by Product
2014 Net Premiums Written

Geographic Sources of Premium
2014 Net Premiums Written

A&H 21% Casualty 34%

Europe/Eurasia & Africa 19%

Asia 14%

United States 48%

Property/Other 19% Life 6% Personal Lines 11% Agriculture 9%
Latin America 11% Bermuda/Canada 8%

thereby moving up the ladder while avoiding the middleincome trap, and at the same time maintaining a largely totalitarian regime managed by the party. Corruption and lawlessness in China are present at many levels. Institutions beyond the party are relatively weak. Discrimination against foreign interests seems to be growing alongside, at least for the moment, a more virulent brand of nationalism. China will likely achieve reform over time with an economy that's more market-priced and private sector oriented while their economic size will continue to grow. But it remains to be seen whether foreign business interests will benefit broadly. In the meantime, China is investing abroad and increasing its influence in many markets ­ a recipe for future tensions that we must manage.

dollar will negate some of that benefit. Like other countries, at the federal level, we continue to suffer from an inability to address the issues that inhibit broad-based prosperity. It is a failure of leadership at the highest levels. We have massive over-regulation of business at the federal, state and local levels impacting business creation and sustainability of business of all sizes and in all industries. We have inefficient and aging infrastructure, a tax policy that's regressionary to growth and government spending and waste that are crowding out the private sector. We continue to talk about immigration and entitlement reform but do little to address them while our debt levels are too high and will only grow. Finally, we fail to practically address worker skill gaps, a long-term problem.

14

Globalization gets blamed for the loss of jobs. While it's true to a degree, particularly in manufacturing, the U.S. is mostly services-based, and much employment has been created as a result of demand for our goods and services from abroad, and these are higher-paying jobs. The efficiencies of digital technology are doing more to displace jobs than many recognize ­ it started at lower level jobs that require low skills and is now impacting higher-skill jobs and the middle class. Lack of education and worker skills needed to adapt to this disruptive technology are contributing to the hollowing out of the middle class. Efficiency means greater economic growth with less labor. This is not the first time we have confronted this challenge. During the Industrial Revolution, when illiterate workers moved from the farm to the factory, the public school education system was born. The problem is multi-generational in nature with huge social implications that contribute to other larger societal challenges ­ underemployment and income inequality, both of which are increasing pressure on the middle class. The problem impacts our ability to produce longerterm sustained growth and, without growth, we don't create employment opportunities or have the wherewithal to support the needy. The vacuum of leadership creates opportunism At the end of any great global economic disruption like the Great Depression or Great Recession, there has been serious geopolitical conflict. It's not by accident that the world is such a troubled place ­ perhaps more complex and troubled than any time since the Second World War. Contributing to that is a serious lack of global leadership and it starts with the U.S., the sole global power. We lack resolve and are perceived as incapable or unwilling though we talk loudly. We appear to lack strategic vision that starts with what's in our national interest, which global or regional problems are most important to solve, which opportunities are most important to pursue, and will they result in a better world and greater prosperity and safety at home. When we have a strategy, it requires more than a good speech to implement ­ it requires dogged and persistent execution that starts with leadership and personal relationships. That vacuum of leadership is interpreted as weakness by others and creates opportunism. There are a number of global trouble spots: · The Middle East and parts of Africa are witnessing a combination of events ­ the rise of terrorism, the rejection of modernity, the breakdown of the nation state, and populations identifying more with their tribe or religion than their country. Sunni-Shiite conflict is multi-generational. All of this directly impacts global security ­ both terrorism and energy.

·R  ussia, a major nuclear power with an image of past glory and power, desires to reassert its position regionally and play a more vital role on the world stage, and this will be a continuing source of instability. Rightly or wrongly, Russia has felt humiliated by the West since the end of the Cold War and believes we want them to acquiesce to our interests without understanding theirs. Crimea is their access to the Black Sea and warm waters ­ it's strategic for them, not for us ­ while a NATO and EU pushed right up to their borders is a perceived threat and understandably. On the other hand, President Putin's thinking is dangerous. He views himself the leader of all Russian-speaking people wherever they are with an obligation to defend them. That harks back to Europe and the Second World War. Putin knows our lack of resolve and Europe's weakness. ·T  here is a growing unease in Asia as a consequence of China's size and aggressive posture as it grows and asserts its influence beyond its borders with its neighbors in the South China Sea, Sea of Japan and Indian Ocean. That unease is leading to an arms race, multilateral defense alliances and potentially pitting the U.S. against China. China sees Asia Pacific as its region and intends to dominate at the exclusion of the U.S. and this is not in our interest. There is a building China-Russia alliance, intended to counter American influence with an anti-American approach to world order. This is potentially destabilizing and counterproductive. How far it goes remains a question, though historically China and Russia have been wary of each other ­ just look at a map. China is a rising power and the U.S. an established one ­ we are competitors in many areas, but can we accommodate each other's interests without conflict? How we create a strategy to engage China in a way that benefits all, rather than create an enemy, is an important question. It's not a zero sum game. For the U.S., accommodating the rise of China and accepting that their influence will naturally grow is in the national interest and is not necessarily a threat. On the other hand, as China ascends, they will have to accept that leadership comes with responsibility. Global stability depends on a stable U.S.-China relationship and it isn't guaranteed. We have many interests in common ­ security, the environment, open trade and investment ­ and we need to find a way to cooperate.

15

These geopolitical issues have real meaning for our company as well as our country's economic interests, our security here at home and our children's future. For ACE, we are corporate citizens and economic stakeholders in these places ­ half of our business is outside the U.S. For example, Asia is the region with the greatest 21st century wealth creation potential and American companies must be free to participate. At the end of the day, the U.S. is a Pacific nation and needs to think as such. The U.S., therefore, has a responsibility to lead the world in a vision of trade and investment that promotes fair and open trade by successfully concluding passage of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) ­ the 12-nation trade agreement. TPP plays to the strengths of the U.S. and helps to plant a modern U.S.-led multilateral vision of trade rules in the Asia Pacific region. TPP should not be exclusionary ­ once finished, the U.S. should strive to include China, as well as India and all ASEAN countries. With the 114th Congress now in session, it is critical that the President of the United States be granted "fast-track" trade promotion authority so that TPP can be concluded and that TPP pass Congress with bipartisan support. Frankly, failure to do so will be terribly damaging and will signal to other countries in Asia and around the world that they cannot rely on the U.S. That will cause them to rely on others and the world just became more dangerous and less open. Similarly, I strongly support a high-standard U.S.-China Bilateral Investment Treaty and, over the longer term, a separate free trade agreement that would open China's markets for U.S. companies, advance trade and investment between our two countries and create a rules-based level playing field. More Chinese companies are investing abroad and expecting open access to western markets and equal treatment. We need to insist on reciprocity, and this is particularly acute in financial services where there is both formal and informal government support for local Chinese companies over foreign presence. It is in China's best interest to encourage foreign companies in financial services and insurance to bring their expertise and knowledge to a woefully undeveloped market. Again, no modern economy develops without a strong insurance industry. The private sector must continue to encourage our country's leaders to lead and remain engaged in the important trade and multilateral agreement discussions of the day. Our country's economic future depends on both business and government to be engaged. If America leads with confidence

and is dependable, needed and respected, we can have a great deal of influence over a global vision of more open markets, fair trade and the rule of law. Addressing the current runaway regulatory environment Some in Washington think that bipartisan action addressing the current runaway regulatory environment is possible. I certainly hope so because regulatory restraint must happen ­ we must stop adding regulations on top of regulations which in aggregate inhibits business creation and impacts innovation. There's simply no cost-benefit. Our industry continues to face a complex and challenging regulatory environment at all levels ­ but particularly federal and multilateral. In particular, two issues remain at the forefront ­ the pursuit by regulators to create uniform global industry capital standards and regulatory policies that effectively balkanize our capital and raise costs. The current approach by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) at the direction of the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to create a global insurance capital standard goes well beyond current standards and has the real potential to add complexity and costs for global insurers, with no demonstrated benefit to policyholders. I'm supportive of standards for capital that an insurer must hold to protect policyholders. Our obligation to policyholders is the special fiduciary nature of our industry ­ it's a responsibility that's recognized in the current U.S. regulatory capital requirements and it is one with a proven record of success, even during the stress of the financial crisis. However, the recent capital proposal released by the IAIS goes well beyond that purpose and would unnecessarily raise costs. The U.S. insurance industry and U.S. state regulators will continue to urge Federal regulators, including Treasury and the Federal Reserve, to resist changes to capital standards that will ultimately hurt U.S. and global consumers. Specifically, the IAIS approach would require levels of capital designed to protect bondholders and shareholders, not just policyholders. This so-called "going concern" approach is used for banks and its design is based partly on the misguided view that the failure of a global insurer could create systemic risk. This is not the case. Insurers fail without causing broader economic consequence and, at least in the U.S., policyholders are protected. Like all corporations, insurers should be allowed to fail and shouldn't be expected to bear a regulatory responsibility to shareholders and bondholders when general corporations aren't required to do the same. Buyers of insurance should not have to pay the cost for this extra protection for sophisticated creditors. If this European vision of capital standards is adopted by the IAIS and FSB, the U.S. will be under tremendous pressure to implement similar standards. We are engaged in resisting this outcome at state,

16

federal and international venues and it will be critical that U.S. decision makers ­ state insurance regulators, Treasury and the Federal Reserve ­ hear our collective point of view. Concerning the second issue, legislative and regulatory efforts continue to be proposed around the globe that would require insurers to retain more risk and capital in their local jurisdictions. These measures would restrict available capacity, raise costs and hamper a global insurer's capital management strategies by restricting efficient cross-border risk pooling via internal reinsurance. They are protectionist in nature ­ designed to control "foreign" capital and protect domestic players at the expense of competition from global companies with greater capabilities and capacity. This regulatory risk also exists in the U.S. where efforts to enact comprehensive tax reform may once again target taxation of foreign affiliate reinsurance used to efficiently manage risk and capital.
We have a clear strategy and have built with dogged determination a presence and capabilities to produce sustained long-term growth and peerleading shareholder returns.

The ACE culture: execution and expertise Our success last year ­ frankly, our accomplishment over the past 10 years ­ is not by accident. We know who we are. We have a clear strategy and have built with dogged determination a presence and capabilities to produce sustained long-term growth and peer-leading shareholder returns. The ACE culture is one of execution in all disciplines starting with a culture of underwriting excellence. We are an execution-focused company ­ a can-do company. To succeed in our culture, however, also requires a high degree of expertise ­ it's fundamental to our strategy ­ and it applies to all of our disciplines, including underwriting, distribution management, territory management, customer management,

claims, actuarial, finance and talent management. We are totally results oriented in how we measure ourselves. We are relentless, disciplined, passionate, and we pride ourselves on technical excellence and the ambition to use it to create more and more value for our customers and distribution partners, our shareholders and ourselves. We also prize diversity of all kinds ­ our inclusiveness makes us stronger but we will never compromise our principles of meritocracy. All of this has contributed to higher levels of growth and produced significant diversification of our company. Our environment isn't for everyone and we make no apologies. It is demanding and self-selecting and only the right kinds of people thrive in our culture. But without a doubt, our organization sets us apart from others and gives us extraordinary optionality to pursue opportunities over time in so many places around the world. My appreciation and gratitude go out to the entire ACE family ­ our employees, my senior management team and our board of directors. Their contributions made last year possible and my first 10 years as CEO a distinct pleasure and honor. There are some who think insurance is boring ­ that we're nothing more than a common utility. Well, nothing could be further from the truth. Some are just in the insurance business; we're in the business of insurance. We are a vibrant, entrepreneurial, growth-related company that participates deeply in the diverse and complex economic and social activities of the world. To truly know us is to understand the dynamism of this organization. This is one exciting place with a never-ending stream of opportunities. As we celebrate our 30th year in business in 2015, I have never been more confident in the potential of this great company and the promise of what we can achieve together over time. We are realists about the challenging external environment and we are relentless in our pursuit of selfimprovement. But we carry an optimism that transcends those issues beyond our control and focuses us instead on the tremendous opportunity we have in our hands. While we believe in ourselves, we remain humble and restless ­ we have and are continuing to create something special. Thank you for believing in us. Sincerely,



Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

17

