To My Fellow Shareholders
2016 was a year of great accom– plishment for Chubb. We completed the largest merger in insurance history and integrated two complementary insurance organizations, ACE
Limited and The Chubb Corporation, transforming ourselves into the highest quality and largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer in the world. In doing so, we furthered our long–term strategic objectives to grow and diversify our business by adding
to our product, talent and distribution capabilities, which, managed right,
will generate substantial shareholder value well into the future. At the
same time, we didn’t take our eye
off the ball and continued to run our business with discipline and at the high service standards our customers and distribution partners expect of us. We produced strong financial results as measured by earnings — in fact, record operating EPS — P&C combined ratio, book and tangible book value growth, and operating ROE. We achieved all of our first–year merger–related financial goals, and we set the course to harness the power of the organization globally. In spite of an unpredictable global environment and a difficult insurance market, we concluded the year
with optimism about ’17 and beyond — this organization is energized.
We’re in a long–term business and
we are builders, and as far as I’m concerned, in many ways, we’re just getting started.
Let me start with a quick snapshot
of our company today. Chubb is
the world’s largest P&C insurer as measured by market cap of over $64 billion at the time of this writing. We write gross premiums of approximately $35 billion, 65% of which come from commercial property and casualty (P&C) lines with 35% from consumer
lines. We have an exceptionally broad product range and are global leaders
in many lines of business such as financial lines, including directors and officers (D&O) and errors and omissions (E&O) coverage for companies; risk management–related primary casualty products and services designed to help large insureds manage their workers’ compensation, general liability and automobile liability risks; personal accident and supplemental health insurance (A&H) for consumers; and,
in the United States, personal lines
for high net worth customers and
crop insurance for farmers. We serve businesses of all sizes, from industrial commercial to mid–market to small companies, with a range of traditional and specialty coverages. For individuals and families, our consumer–focused offerings range from property, liability– related and specialty personal lines coverage to accident and health
plans and life insurance. We are a truly global insurer — one of only a few
in the world — with substantial local capabilities and expertise in 54 countries. About 63% of our business is based in the U.S., up from about 50% pre–merger. Our products and services are distributed through brokers, independent agents, exclusive agents and various forms of direct marketing. With $62 billion in total capital and $48 billion in equity, our balance sheet is backed by ratings of AA from S&P and A++ from A.M. Best.
Last year our company faced a challenging external operating environment alongside the significant scope of our merger–related integration activities. Global economic growth
was tepid as emerging and natural resources–based economies continued to feel the impact of the collapse
in commodity prices and China’s slowdown. For most of the year, the dollar strengthened from a flight to safety while interest rates remained at
3

historically low levels, the product of monetary policy that contributed to
the misallocation of capital and asset inflation while punishing long–term savers of all kinds including insurance companies. At year–end, interest rates and equity markets in the U.S. rose following the election in anticipation
of pro–growth policies. Geopolitical conditions remained tense in most regions of the world while uncertainty increased as a wave of populism and growing nationalism began to spread across the globe, fueled by people’s fear and dissatisfaction with the status quo. Voters in the U.S., Europe and Asia made surprising and often unexpected choices in their countries’ leadership.
In the P&C industry, insurance prices, terms and conditions continued to soften globally despite deteriorating operating results as more capital continued to accumulate from retained earnings and investors seeking returns. With underwriting margins and investment income under increasing pressure, it was no surprise that industry operating earnings were down 19% on average.
105% 100% 95% 90% 85%
capital of about 8.5% and the
industry’s 7.3% average operating
ROE. Please take note that when I discuss our underwriting results and premium growth, and to give you greater visibility into the health of the company, I will compare our results
to the prior year as if we were one company back then and exclude the effects of purchase accounting. Frankly, this is how, as a manager, I look at the company's performance.
Chubb is an underwriting company
and we measure ourselves first by underwriting profit and combined ratio. Last year we produced $3.2 billion of pre–tax P&C underwriting income and generated a combined ratio of 88%, compared to 87.5% prior year. This was an excellent result on both an absolute basis and relative to our North American and global peer groups’ average combined ratios of 100.3% and 95.7%, respectively. Our underwriting result was achieved despite the industry experiencing approximately
While the environment was difficult, Chubb outperformed. Our product portfolio construction, underwriting and performance–based culture, and geographic and distribution reach made the difference. Chubb’s operating income was $4.7 billion for the year or $10.12 per share, up about 3.5% from 2015. We grew book value per share, a primary measure of wealth creation for our shareholders, about 15.5%, which of course was impacted positively by the shares we issued for the merger. From the date of the merger closing to year– end, per share book value grew 7.5%. Tangible book value per share, which was down just over 29% at the merger closing as expected, grew 13 percentage points from that point to year–end.
We produced an operating ROE of 10.5%, which is a very good risk– adjusted return, given risk–free rates of less than 2% during the year, and compares favorably to our cost of
  P&C Combined Ratio versus Peers
The company’s P&C underwriting results outperformed the averages of North American and global peers over the
last five years.
1 Includes AIG, CNA, HIG, TRV, XL
2 Includes Allianz, AXA, Munich Re, QBE, RSA, Zurich
3 Historical combined ratios as if ACE and Chubb Corp were one company. Refer to page 42.
Source: SNL and company disclosures
            2012 2013
2014
2015
2016
5 year 98.0% 96.5% 89.0%
 Averages:
1 year 100.3% 95.7% 88.0%
3 year 97.4% 96.2% 87.8%
 North American Peers1 Global Peers2
Chubb3
      4

$54 billion in natural catastrophe (CAT) losses, its sixth costliest year on record, which was double the prior year’s reported $27 billion and above the inflation–adjusted 10–year average of $45 billion. Chubb’s natural CAT losses in 2016 were $1.1 billion pre-tax, up from the prior year’s $848 million. Our prudent approach to underwriting management also shows up in the positive development of our loss reserves for the business we wrote in prior years. Last year we recorded a total of $1.1 billion in pre–tax positive earnings from reserve releases.
On the other side of the balance sheet, our pre–tax adjusted net investment income of $3.3 billion for the year
was a very good result, particularly given the record low interest rate environment, and benefited from cash contributions to the portfolio of over $2 billion. For the year, our investment portfolio generated an average book yield of 3.4% versus new money rates of about 2.4%, which had risen to 2.8% by December 31. As part of our merger efforts, we integrated and rebalanced the investment portfolio with a focus on improved portfolio construction and enhanced returns at lower cost. We are now earning $120 million more in annual investment income than we otherwise would have earned. As a reminder, our invested assets of $99 billion are comprised of shareholder capital and the loss reserves we
hold to pay policyholder claims.
We are fiduciaries of shareholder
and policyholder money, and therefore conservative investors. We take
most of our risk on the liability side of the balance sheet, with our capital leveraged against insurance risk exposure.
Premium revenue growth was more difficult to come by last year, driven
by a number of factors: a strong U.S. dollar, sluggish economic conditions, particularly outside the U.S., an especially competitive commercial
P&C insurance market, and merger dynamics. Total company net premiums written for the year were $29 billion, down about 4.5%, again,
as if we were one company in both
’15 and ’16. This includes a two–point negative impact from foreign exchange. As I discussed throughout the year
on our quarterly earnings calls, when we were planning the merger, we contemplated underwriting actions in certain portfolios not meeting
our standards or exceeding our risk appetite. These actions, which include either cancelling or reinsuring certain business, reduced our premium by 2% but improved our risk–reward profile. If we normalize for these underwriting actions, total company net premiums were down less than 1% in constant dollars. The impact from these actions will continue into 2017 at a reduced level and will dissipate as the year goes along. Consequently, given opportunity we see globally, we expect revenue to grow in ’17 in constant dollars. I simply cannot forecast foreign exchange for you. While we wrote less new business in 2016, we retained our customers
at or near historically high levels. By the way, we also began to recognize the power of the organization and produced about $300 million in revenue synergies, which we believe is just the beginning of what’s to come over time.
 “While the environ- ment was difficult, Chubb outperformed. Our product portfolio construction, underwriting and performance–based culture, and geographic and distribution reach made the difference.”
5

Doing our job well leads to shareholder value while serving society
Creating long–term shareholder value, in my judgment, is a derivative of doing the job of building and running our company well. It begins with clearly stated priorities for our organization, both short and long term. We have three such objectives. The first is to unify our company operationally and culturally and complete the merger integration. The second is to unlock the power of Chubb and fully realize the complementary strengths that each company brought to the merger — our potential is stunning. And the third is
to continually invest in our capabilities to enhance our competitive profile.
By meeting these objectives — and I’ll talk more about them throughout this letter — we capitalize on opportunity to grow; we realize efficiencies
while reinvesting in our knowledge, technology and innovation to remain vital to society and to serve our customers and distribution partners; and we create a great place for our employees to work. If we do all of those things right, we will generate superior returns for our shareholders.
many times before, we are a growth company and we measure ourselves by growth in book value over the medium and long term. Relative to our peers over the past 10 years, we have grown our per share book value at the highest level and have done so by growing the company, not shrinking it through an excessive reliance on share buybacks at the expense of long–term investment in our capabilities. Our book value has more than tripled in the last 10 years (from $14.3 billion to $48.3 billion)
and has grown at a compound annual rate of 13.0%; over the past three and five years, it has grown 18.8% and 14.7%, respectively.
 No matter how you measure them or over almost any period you measure them, Chubb’s shareholder returns have been top–tier. As I have stated
  Efficient Use of Capital
$58 Billion of Capital Generated: January 2007 – December 2016
Dollars in billions
Capital Returned to Shareholders
Capital Retained
$10
$12
$36
Capital Invested in Strategic M&A • 17 transactions
Pre–Chubb $7
      20% 10% 0% -10% -20%
2010
2012 2013 2014
2015 2016
 Operating Return on Equity versus Peers
Chubb’s operating return on equity* has outperformed the average of its peers over the last decade. Chubb’s 10–year average is 13.1% versus 6.6% for its peers.
Peer group includes AIG, CNA, HIG, TRV, XL and Zurich
*Excludes net unrealized gains
                2007 Chubb
2008 Peer Group
2009
2011
    6

We have been good stewards of shareholder capital. As the chart nearby illustrates, over the 10–year period, out of a total of $58 billion in capital raised and generated, we have retained and invested $48 billion. We have invested $36 billion in strategic acquisitions that have enhanced
our capabilities and earning power, retained $12 billion for risk and growth, and returned $10 billion to shareholders — $6.5 billion through dividends and $3.5 billion through share repurchases. We have used this capital efficiently as illustrated by an operating ROE of 13.1% over the same 10–year period, which is 650 basis points better than our peers and well in excess of our cost of capital. Our capital management strategy has been clear and consistent. We retain capital flexibility for risk and growth, and use M&A only when it enhances a strategy we are already pursuing organically and generates superior returns. We return the additional capital surplus we generate. In addition, we have maintained a 20–plus year record of annual dividend increases with a target payout ratio of approximately 30%.
As I explained in my letter last year, our company’s earning power is a derivative of our strategy, including
the careful construction of our product portfolio and geographic mix, the size and strength of our balance sheet, and the quality and character of our culture and people. These are, in my mind, the most important factors that drive long– term sustainable book and tangible book value growth. Together with ROE,
book and tangible book value growth ultimately find their way into the share price and underpin total return. The 15.6% total return on Chubb’s common stock in 2016, which includes share price appreciation with dividends reinvested, compares favorably with the 12% return for the S&P 500. To provide some perspective, Chubb has produced a total return of 37.9% and 174.6%, respectively, for the three–
and 10–year periods, with the latter outperforming our peers by a factor of seven. By the way, over the 10–year period, our market cap, which is a reflection of our balance sheet and earning power, has more than tripled.
Integration objectives on track or ahead of schedule
Among the noteworthy accomplish- ments of 2016, and the first objective
I mentioned earlier, was the transformational global integration
of two large companies, realizing significant efficiencies while remaining outward facing and growing our business. Although more work remains, a substantial portion of the heavy lifting is moving behind us and will continue to do so as ’17 progresses. We planned our integration for over six months leading into 2016 and executed it as an entirely separate job from managing our day–to–day business. We hit the ground running when we closed the transaction in mid–January with the entire management team and operating leaders around the world in place and with detailed integration plans in
hand. It was then a matter of granular, hands–on operational execution across the company — from underwriting
and claims, to real estate and IT, to finance and HR.
  “Today, there is a strong and growing sense of unity in the company. Through shared experiences, small and large, we have and will continue to knit ourselves together, breeding familiarity that in time creates trust, loyalty, friendship and a one–team spirit.”
7

We also paid very close attention to cultural integration from the very beginning and continue to have an ongoing focus on our culture. Today, there is a strong and growing sense of unity in the company. Through shared experiences, small and large, we have and will continue to knit ourselves together, breeding familiarity that in time creates trust, loyalty, friendship and a one–team spirit. We don’t overly talk about and contemplate our culture except to the extent we all need to be on the same page. Instead, we prefer to simply live our culture.
In terms of financial measures, and
as the table nearby illustrates, while early days, we are on track or ahead
of the objectives underpinning the merger. These include expense savings, operating EPS and ROE, and per share book value. Importantly, where we said the merger would be immediately accretive to earnings and book value per share, we are ahead of our own
internal projections as well as what likely would have been our plans on a standalone ACE Limited basis. So, we’re off to a good start. Also worth noting, tangible book value per share, which, as I mentioned earlier, was down over 29% at the merger closing as expected, was down 16% at year–end.
Despite the magnitude of the integration effort, we remained attentive to identifying opportunities for growth and serving our customers and distribution partners. In particular, our goal was to retain our customers, which, as I mentioned earlier, we did
at or near historically high levels — 92% in our North American large account commercial P&C business, 88% in our middle market commercial business, about 85% with our international
customers, and 94% with our personal lines customers in North America. With minimal disruption and our attention fixed on remaining vital and serving their needs, the merger has been well received in the marketplace by our customers, agents and brokers.
The power of the organization
From day one, we were intently focused on the second objective —
the multiyear task of unleashing
the power of Chubb as we realize
the complementary strengths of
the company. In general, there are two classes of insurers: those with broad capabilities and reach to serve customers, i.e., the buyers, on a very local basis; and those that simply provide capacity. We are the former, and we do it in 54 countries, putting us in an even smaller class of insurers. Moreover, as the industry continues to evolve globally and keeps pace with
  Progress Meeting the Merger's Financial Objectives
 Metric
 Announcement
 Current Status
Total annualized run–rate savings by the end of 2018
$650 million
($610 million on an FX–adjusted basis)
$800 million
Operating earnings per share
Immediately accretive
Ahead of plan by 9.8%
Operating ROE
Accretive by year 3
Better than plan by 60 bps
Book value per share
Immediately accretive
Ahead of plan by 5.8%
Tangible book value per share
Return to pre–deal level in about 3 years
On track to hit pre–deal level in 3 to 31⁄2 years
       8

the digitization of all things business, those in the first class that are heads– up, in my judgment, will be winners.
Our company is well positioned
to achieve growth even in the face
of today’s challenging P&C market conditions. Over 60% of our revenue comes from business lines that have moderate–to–significant growth opportunity in spite of current market conditions and include many of our consumer businesses and those serving middle market and small commercial customers globally. These businesses, while not immune, are less impacted to varying degrees by the P&C insurance cycle. Our large commercial and wholesale market P&C businesses globally, representing about 40% of our revenue, enjoy a flight–to–quality and reliability advantage as they provide a breadth of offering, superior service and know–how, underwriting reputation, local operations around the globe, and a combination of quality, consistency and stability
few other insurers can — and this provides additional balance against market conditions. Our diversification by product, territory and customer
not only presents an opportunity
for above–average growth but also better preserves margins throughout the P&C cycle for superior returns
with less volatility. However, we will trade revenue growth to preserve a reasonable underwriting margin
in a heartbeat.
There’s plenty of room for long–term growth in our company considering the P&C industry is expected to grow from $2 trillion to $3.7 trillion by 2025. In fact, the top 10 insurers in the world combined have only about 20% market share, so insurance is a very fragmented industry. With less than $40 billion in gross premiums,
Chubb represents about 1.5% of the world’s total global P&C market,
so we have considerable scope to capitalize on the industry’s growth given our global footprint and the fact that we have just 11 countries with $400 million of premium or greater. Selective, thoughtful growth over time is the key — something all of
us in management are focused
on and, frankly, enjoy spending our time pursuing. And by the way, this company is led by underwriters — all of us are experienced and knowledgeable about the basic business we are in.
To drive that growth, we have
many existing and new initiatives underway in both our commercial
and consumer businesses. In our commercial P&C business globally, for example, we see opportunity to grow our presence in the middle market and small commercial segments.
An $8.6 billion business today, our middle market and small commercial operation is a powerful combination of complementary strengths from
two companies — brand, experience, know–how and data in the core middle market, including products, agency distribution and U.S. geographic presence, paired with specialty products, global geographic presence, deep local insights and strong international operating experience, and an appetite to invest in technology and other areas.
 “Our diversification
by product, territory and customer not
only provides an opportunity for above– average growth but also better preserves margins throughout the P&C cycle for superior returns with less volatility.”
9

Another growth area over time is our global accounts and specialty products business for large corporations, roughly a $12.6 billion business for
us globally. Only a few carriers have the resources to properly serve the sophisticated needs of large and multinational corporations with complex, interconnected risks. Some competitors are cutting back on their local presence and product offering around the globe, not investing in their service and losing their talent and culture. Chubb stands out in contrast. We have the balance sheet capacity to take on substantial risk, a truly global network, international underwriting and claims professionals, products, technology and risk–related consulting services to serve these customers. We continue to invest in our capabilities, including our unique online portal, which allows multinational risk managers to monitor and manage their entire global program in real time. Our extensive offerings for this segment come into play as more and more middle market companies engage in cross–border business or extend their supply chains around the globe.
Financial lines is a $3.7 billion business for us globally and the largest in the world. We see good growth opportunity over time in both North America and
in our international regions. We tackle the most complex risks for companies of all sizes, from large publicly traded corporations to mid–market and private companies, and we also have expertise in the risks related to M&A transactions. A major growth area for us globally is cyber risk, a category that is evolving rapidly. All commerce is linked digitally, exposing companies to both physical loss and liability exposures, and in many instances companies
don’t know what to do pre– and
post–loss. We’ve handled thousands of cyber incidents and can provide the appropriate coverage and service.
On the consumer side, we’re optimistic about the growth potential over time
of our U.S. high net worth customer business, a $5 billion franchise, tapping what is a large and underserved market. We estimate that less than
20% of a $40 billion market in the
U.S. is properly insured. It’s all about coverage and service for a sophisticated and discerning customer. We have exceptional loss control and claims services, a sterling brand reputation renowned for many years for its service quality, a deep data pool and insight into risk, a national agency force and a strong bench of talent that specializes in serving this demanding clientele.
We have a strong risk appetite, the broadest product set to protect our clients and their families, and a
desire to invest in and expand our product offering and services to these customers, including meeting their global coverage and service needs and enhancing their digital experience
with the company. If you aren’t
insured with us, you are missing out. Visit chubb.com to find your nearest independent agent or call my office directly at 212-827-4489.
Two other consumer growth areas
are our global A&H and international personal lines businesses, which write $4.3 billion and $2 billion in gross premiums, respectively. For Chubb, A&H remains a growth business as
it continues to capitalize on secular trends such as the emergence
of middle–income consumers in developing markets around the world or the underinsured middle–income market in the U.S. Our low–cost personal accident and supplemental health products provide valuable protection and are often the first insurance purchase for many of these consumers. We have extensive product
know–how and specialized operations for this line of business. For example, in North America, we operate through three distinct channels — direct
agents selling to individuals under the Combined Insurance brand, worksite marketing for employees of companies under the Chubb brand, and group benefits purchased by companies through brokers from our commercial P&C division. Internationally, we
have a full array of options including employer–purchased group benefits, direct marketing to the customers and members of hundreds of sponsoring organizations, and agency distribution — all across the globe.
Our international personal lines business, which operates in select markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America, includes traditional products such as general–market auto in Mexico, Thailand and Malaysia, and specialty personal lines such as mobile phone replacement coverage in Europe. We are very selective how and where we operate, picking our spots where we have competitive advantage and market conditions are favorable, and where we can apply our scale and know–how to earn a reasonable underwriting profit. We can operate this way because we are true internationalists and know the world — and the world of insurance —
at a very personal and local level.
Chubb’s $2.2 billion agriculture insurance business in North America, which includes the leading crop insurer in the U.S. and an agribusiness serving the commercial P&C needs of farmers and ranchers, is a distinctive franchise for the company. Crop insurance is a unique CAT–like business and we bear volatility risk from weather conditions, which impact crop yields and commodity prices. We have been in
the crop insurance business since the
10

1980s through our ownership interest in Rain and Hail — no one else comes close to our capabilities. We had a terrific year in 2016, though we’ve experienced both sides of volatility — years with great growing seasons and others with drought. Regardless of conditions, this has been and continues to be a good business for Chubb. We continue to invest in cutting–edge technology and analytics to improve our service and risk management capabilities as well as to gain insights from 35–plus years of data on more than 2 million farm fields. We also like the agriculture industry’s profile and future prospects — crops are a leading and growing export industry for the United States.
While the complementary product and distribution strengths of the organization are impressive and offer promising growth opportunities, nowhere is the power of the organization more evident than in
our people. We have the best of both organizations: skilled insurance professionals — Craftsmen of InsuranceSM — who are literally the best in the business in their disciplines
and practice areas. We also have a management team with exceptional experience and depth, and who
are passionate about their craft and genuinely care about what they do.
Our people stand behind the
hallmark of Chubb that is shared by
all of our commercial and consumer businesses, and that’s our renowned service reputation. Our service ethos
is embedded in our culture — it’s something we feed and demand of ourselves. From underwriting to claims and engineering to customer service, Chubb professionals all across the company personify this reputation. They strive to live the brand by providing exceptional service to their customers and distribution partners,
often in the most difficult or challenging circumstances where tragedies or significant losses have deeply impacted their customers’ lives and companies. The Chubb service experience epitomizes craftsmanship and is the bedrock of our reputation — it defines our brand in such a tangible way and distinguishes the company across the industry in general and
in the minds of our customers and business partners, who are often left with long–lasting positive impressions. Chubb service, particularly claims, is often the reason why customers choose us and are willing to pay a premium price for our coverage. We are honored by and treasure this reputation and
are committed to defending and burnishing it.
Investing in our future
Our third objective is investing for the long term, and by that I mean three- to-five and 10 years out and beyond. This is not something new — we have and will continue to make substantial investments in our business. However, the significant merger efficiencies
we are generating, together with our increased earning power, provide even greater operating freedom to fund investments to enhance our competitive profile.
Our first area of investment is our people. We are committed to building on our very good training programs, making them best–in–class so that
we develop the next generation of insurance professionals and leaders. We hire more than 250 professional trainees per year globally and we endeavor to put all through a rigorous curriculum as they move through
  “While the comple– mentary product and distribution strengths of the organization are impressive and offer promising growth opportunities, nowhere is the power of the organization more evident than in our people.”
11

their careers. From technical expertise to management training, from sales and marketing to claims, risk engineering and actuarial — this is an investment in our future and it’s contrary to what’s going on in our industry, which has
a diminished ability to attract young talent and develop career–oriented insurance professionals.
For example, becoming an underwriter is not simply learning how to participate in a market of auction–related pricing and terms,
but rather developing deep insight into risk analysis, risk selection, risk pricing and the contracts that back them. Good underwriters and claims professionals are students of their craft, and that includes thoroughly learning the art and science of what is a highly technical and vital profession. Underwriting is not simply about data. Those who didn’t grow up in the business have a tendency to mistake data analytics and digital everything as a means of replacing the role of underwriting. They view insurance in
a sterile way but do so at their peril. On the other hand, the industry graveyard is littered with underwriters who made decisions based on their gut feel or years of the same experience over and over again. Analytics and digital–related technologies can enhance data–driven underwriting decision–making. Around here, we’re back to the future. We are
a company run by underwriters who embrace the digital age and what it has to offer.
To that end, we are making substantial investments to upgrade our technology, including the foundational backbone systems from the front end to the back office of our company, to create a state– of–the–art global infrastructure with enhanced bandwidth and security. Our technology investments will make us more nimble, flexible and quick, and
at lower cost. We are continuing, and in fact accelerating, our investments in our data acquisition and analytics capabilities for underwriting,
claims and marketing, to name a
few. Importantly, technology and digitization are changing our industry in profound ways — they are impacting our cost structure, shortening
cycle times for change, improving
Latin America 8% Asia 10%
Europe/Eurasia & Africa 14%
traditional distribution competitiveness and introducing competing forms of distribution, enabling us to reach new customers we previously could not access, and redefining the nature of the product we sell.
Embracing the digital age requires investing in our digital future, and
we have an objective nothing short
of transforming the company into
a digitally integrated enterprise
from top to bottom. Chubb’s vision
of digital integration encompasses
all underwriting, sales and service functions that touch prospective customers, our policyholders, distribution and internal operations,
as well as deepening our insights and evolving our products. In February of 2017, we named a chief digital officer
to lead an organization that works with our business leaders in all areas that produce and support Chubb’s business. While the digital transformation of our company won’t occur overnight, we have initiatives underway in varying
  Geographic Sources of Premium
2016 Net Premiums Written*
*Inclusive of the first 14 days of January prior to the acquisition close
  Bermuda/Canada 5%
United States 63%
     12

degrees in just about every division spanning consumer, small commercial, middle market and large commercial P&C, focused on enhancing the customer experience and touching underwriting, sales, service and distribution, both direct–to–consumer and through distribution partners.
P&C market conditions
Industry market conditions continued to grow more competitive during the year for commercial P&C insurance globally, although they varied depending on the territory, line of business and size of risk. Today,
rates are flat or declining, except in a few stressed classes, with terms and conditions softening in many markets. Claims inflation has been lower than historical averages in recent years but is hardly nonexistent and so loss ratios are under pressure. As I mentioned earlier, natural catastrophe losses
were up last year, but not enough to impact the supply of industry capital. Insurance and reinsurance capital continues to expand from retained earnings and new sources, both strategic such as Asian investors as well as short–term investors simply seeking returns. They are for the most part passive investors, entering the business at a difficult time. P&C insurance
is a business that in my judgment requires hands–on management. Passive or remote investors who buy P&C companies and allow owner management to cash out while still expecting them to run their companies are creating a misalignment of interests and will be disappointed.
Relatively slow economic growth globally in 2016 translated to relatively slow industry growth because insurance exposures are a derivative of economic growth. So supply, or capital, is out of balance with demand — it’s
the fundamental economic equation that applies to any industry. We have
a soft and softening market producing headwinds that will likely be with us for a number of years — I see no sign
of real abatement. In addition, in
many lines, any one market leader or small group does not have the power
to put an end to price reduction, particularly in reinsurance, because the market is more fragmented than
in the past and capacity is globalized. Soft market pressures are beginning to show through in the operating results of many companies. Industry reserves overall appear adequate but vary by company. The ability for prior period reserves to subsidize companies’ current year results is diminishing as reserve adequacy weakens. Current accident year combined ratios are rising, and in retrospect may prove simply adequate for some and I suspect inadequate for others when results mature in a few years.
Rates for many short–tail lines and physical risks, including property, marine, energy and aviation, are too cheap and unsustainable while casualty pricing is not keeping pace with loss costs, so underwriting margins are under pressure. Add to that declining investment income from the impact of low interest rates. As I observed last year, there’s no place for many insurers to hide when it comes to earning power, with some gambling that they will make money as long as they have
a below–normal level of CAT losses or no outsized individual claims — not a brilliant strategy. There’s also a new crop of CEOs who want to make a mark
  “We are a company run by underwriters who embrace the digital
age and what it has to offer. To that end, we are making substantial investments to upgrade our technology.”
13

and are itching to grow, and there’s some medium and smaller companies that simply have nowhere to go — they are like being in the desert with your canteen running out of water. Where there’s stress there’s opportunity, and so more capital is attracted to new
and existing run–off companies that specialize in buying legacy liabilities of life and non–life insurance companies. Solvency II and other regulatory changes, low interest rates and difficult market conditions that generate trash from poor underwriting are creating opportunity for those run–off company investors who manage run–off liabilities well, which is a skill, and seek assets for investment. When an insurer sells troubled reserve liabilities to a run–off specialist, it isn’t often a good day for policyholders. Run–off specialists are
in the business of settling outstanding claims for cents on the dollar and doing so slowly while they sit on the cash and earn investment income. I expect more of this activity in the years ahead.
By the way, another sign of a soft insurance market is the abusive behavior on the part of some brokers who enrich themselves at the expense of both their customers and underwriters. Cloaked in the mantra
of “customer best interest” or
“treating customers fairly,” they seek the cheapest price and broadest coverage at commission terms that by any measure are excessive. Forcing underwriters to succumb to the lowest common denominator is hardly in the customer’s, or industry’s, best interest. These predatory behaviors, which have shown up around the world, and in London in particular, are simply unsustainable from an underwriting perspective and will come back to haunt these brokers: there will be customer and regulator backlash, or worse. Remember, distribution can be disintermediated.
Domestic economic changes afoot in the U.S.
Turning to the world at large and beginning with the domestic front in the United States, the power and influence of our country depends first on our own economic health. As noted earlier, I am cautiously optimistic. I endorse many of the
new administration’s ideas, particularly around deregulation for business, tax reform, and infrastructure and military spending. I am encouraged that the focus is on growth through fiscal rather than monetary policies that have
run their course. These pro–growth policies will be good for the country
if implemented in a way that does not cause budget deficits to rise over any period of time — they could unleash a period of renewed growth, vitality and strength for our nation. I am concerned that there is no talk about entitlement reform, other than what may or may not happen with the Affordable Care Act, because entitlement spending is
a growing and out–of–control threat
to our nation’s fiscal health. We must come to grips with and address it.
We constantly consider where to find funds for important priorities such
as infrastructure, education and the military. Yet, entitlements and debt service absorb about 70% of our
budget and are expected to grow. In
my judgment, we need to look to ’18 and beyond before we see economic tailwinds, other than those produced by so–called animal spirits, given bills need to be designed, debated, passed by Congress and implemented.
Large Corporate Commercial P&C 19%
Middle Market/ Small Business Commercial P&C 26%
Wholesale Specialty Commercial P&C 10%
   Premium Distribution by Product
2016 Net Premiums Written*
*Inclusive of the first 14 days of January prior to the acquisition close
  Global Reinsurance 2% Agriculture 5%
Global A&H and Life 18% Personal Lines 20%
       14

Accelerated growth will help ameliorate, but not resolve, underlying social challenges, including ensuring that a broader group of people can participate in our nation’s domestic economic health. A significant portion of the population today rightfully believes they suffer from economic inequality and that the system is rigged to benefit a few, i.e., inequality of opportunity. People are suffering
— they feel vulnerable and find it impossible to sustain their quality of life on current middle–income wages and therefore fear their children won’t be as well off as they are. However,
the root of the issue goes well beyond slow growth and, as a society, we are just beginning the dialogue on the causes, including advancements in technology, education and the impact of globalization.
Many also feel a loss of national identity, accelerated by the advancements in technology in
terms of communications, media and travel. No longer having confidence
in their public or private institutions
to solve perennial problems, voters are receptive to populist rhetoric as they search for simple explanations for the cause of their suffering and immediate solutions to their problems. Their discontent is more attributable to the global financial crisis and technological disruptions that are replacing jobs than immigration, or trade and globalization. This issue
is not going away — technology will continue to replace more jobs. Bring more manufacturing back to America, sure, but it will be substantially jobless. At the same time, we have not done enough to support those impacted.
Again, the domestic economic changes afoot in the U.S., if implemented,
will have a substantial and positive impact, with the increased savings
and investment generating many
new jobs that would help ameliorate unemployment, underemployment and the lack of middle–income growth. On the other hand, the potential changes around our country’s approach to trade and security and the vision of our role in the world is worrisome, and they are beginning to cause a reaction around the globe that in my judgment is not
in our country’s best interest.
America should continue to lead
At the end of World War II, the U.S.
put in place the liberal world order built around our vision and a system of alliances and multilateral institutions that for decades promoted democracy and the rule of law, facilitated more open rules–based trade and investment, and provided stability through global security. It’s a system built on the simple notion that democracies don’t go to war against each other. As a result of that system, the world has been hard–wired to advantage America, including American multinational companies, which have enjoyed a wind at their back — the strength of America and a desire to associate with our country — for the last 50 years. Lately, we have been talking an awful lot about the price we’ve paid as a society for this system, but the advantages we have gained are enormous. On one level, economically, the advantages represent perhaps as much as 15% of our annual GDP, but the benefits go far beyond that. As a multinational, Chubb, too, has benefited from the liberal world order as we have built and expanded our operations in all corners of the world to capitalize on the opportunities
  “The domestic economic changes afoot in the U.S., if implemented, will have a substantial
and positive impact, with the increased savings and investment generating many
new jobs that would help ameliorate unemployment, underemployment
and the lack of middle– income growth.”
15

of doing business internationally, including the acceleration of economic development in faster–growing emerging economies as a result of globalization.
Today, we may be at a crossroads. While premature to call it, we have to have our eyes open to the fact that we could be witnessing the initial stages
of the unraveling of the democratic liberal world order we have known all our lives, and that would spell trouble for our country. We should not take the world we grew up with for granted. America should continue to set the tone and pace — we are the leaders
of the free world and it relies on our dependability. Without U.S. leadership, the system lacks confidence and our allies and others seek alternatives. If we don’t defend this world order, and if we allow our current populism to turn into protectionism and simply follow a narrow view of an America First policy, other countries will naturally follow suit with their own brand of nationalism in order to protect themselves.
Take Mexico as an example. We share a 2,000–mile border with our neighbor to the south with a relationship that likely impacts the daily lives of more Americans than that of any other country. For many, many decades, Mexico was a nationalistic, closed country, hostile toward America. That was not to our advantage. Through
our country’s strategic efforts over the course of six different presidents, and substantially aided by NAFTA, Mexico today is democratic, growing, with
a developing middle class and a pro– trade and pro–America orientation.
While time and circumstances have evolved since the passing of NAFTA in 1993, and the agreement is far from perfect and could stand updating, there’s no doubt that the U.S. has benefited enormously in the past 23 years. U.S. jobs linked to trade with Mexico have grown from 700,000 to about 5 million and the value of our two–way trade has grown sixfold to the point that Mexico today is the second largest market for U.S. exports — larger than our exports to China, Japan and Germany combined. Just in energy alone, the U.S. exports more natural gas and gasoline to Mexico than to any other country.
Countries are not companies. We should treat them with dignity and respect — they are sovereign nations and have their own domestic politics
to which their leaders must respond. Nationalism and protectionism are natural reactions of most countries when they feel threatened. A stable, growing, prosperous and open Mexico, friendly to the U.S., is in our national interest. In fact, strengthening U.S. economic integration with both Mexico and Canada through an updated NAFTA agreement would increase our nation’s vitality and competitive profile. Stability, peace and prosperity on
our borders are a distinct advantage for our country.
Turning to Europe, the U.S. has a leadership role to play in support of the European Union and our common security alliance, NATO. Populism and nationalism are growing in Europe
and the E.U. faces an uncertain and challenging period beginning with Brexit. Without the E.U., European integration comes apart, and that’s a threat to Western democracy. Europe has been peaceful for 70 years and
we take that for granted. A weakened NATO invites adventurism from Russia, which poses a threat to E.U. stability and Western democracy. While we
have common interests, particularly around terrorism and the Middle
East, and we can and should work together, Russia is not our friend and no one should misunderstand them. Russia and Putin want to reassert
their influence — they do not respect nation–state borders, physical or cyber, and they have a desire to undermine democratic states. Europe should shoulder its share of common defense, but we should lead the alliance and be clearer in the signals we send Russia lest they misjudge.
The Asia Pacific region is home to more than half the world’s trillion–dollar economies. Asia Pacific’s development since World War II was due in no
small part to the regional security provided by the U.S. and our vision of rules–based and more open trade and investment. Countries in the region want and expect continued leadership and engagement from the U.S. We are a Pacific nation and have a deep and compelling interest in Asia’s continuing prosperity and stability; no region of the world will have a greater impact on our future. For future decades, Asia is where the greatest wealth creation will take place. The ability of the U.S. to create good jobs and compete globally will be inexorably tied to our active participation in trade and investment in Asia. That is why I supported and continue to support the Trans–Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement, an economically and geopolitically important 12–nation agreement
that would, among other benefits, expand access to Asia’s fast–growing markets for U.S. goods and services. Fix it, make necessary changes, call it something else if you must, but do not kill TPP — to do so gives momentum to agreements in the region that exclude the U.S., strengthen China’s hand and
16

undermine our allies and others in
the region who conclude that the U.S. is simply unreliable. Our country’s image and reputation are at stake — we have a responsibility to lead the world, including the Asia region, in a modern vision of fair and open trade. It is in our national interest, and if we don’t lead, we cede the ground to China, which, by virtue of its size and location, most certainly will — with a vision different from our own.
The U.S. and China have the most important bilateral relationship in the world. A single principle has guided U.S. presidents and U.S. policy on China for the last 40 years: as China develops and prospers, and as its people rise into the middle class and become wealthier, the country will naturally evolve toward a more liberal society. That principle may no longer be inviolate and its replacement has not been defined. As the U.S. helped China develop, the U.S. clearly benefited — our cost of living came down and we gained access to a market of over
1 billion people that began to develop and become more open and in need of our goods and services. We have many interests in common, including combatting terrorism, global warming and energy security, to name a few,
as well as mutual dependencies. But our national interests also diverge in important ways. China is the second largest economy in the world — and will eventually be the largest by virtue of its population — and its protectionist and mercantilist tendencies are a source
of deep tension.
Simplistically speaking, there are two Chinas — really more. The first is an authoritarian, party–driven state and economy, dominated by state–owned enterprises and protected national champions. The other is the relatively smaller private sector, which is growing rapidly, driven by technology,
innovation and consumerism. In
both cases, China is a country with nationalistic business practices, reinforced by a discriminatory regulatory environment, that to a large degree favor Chinese–first solutions over foreigners. The future will require a more balanced U.S.–China relationship, one that recognizes
each other’s interests and intentions and seeks common ground. Where
we are not aligned, we must defend our national interests. Trade and investment opportunity must be fair and reciprocal: the Chinese should be welcome to invest and do business in our country but we must be granted equal access and opportunity to theirs.
Tax reform and deregulation
I mentioned earlier that I am supportive of comprehensive tax reform here in the U.S. Tax reform
is necessary — it’s important to our country’s economic growth and competitive profile. In my judgment, the growth rate of the U.S. economy would improve considerably with
tax reform and deregulation; those actions would stimulate savings and investment, which as I said earlier would create jobs, and the overall economic growth would benefit the insurance industry. What the House has put on the table includes a concept called border adjustment, an approach that taxes imports and tax-advantages exports. The border adjustment tax has divided the business community and produced negative reactions
from our trading partners. Whether border adjustment in its current form remains is uncertain, and how it will be interpreted for financial services is unclear, but it shouldn’t apply to insurance, especially reinsurance.
  “America should continue to set the
tone and pace — we are the leaders of the
free world and it relies on our dependability. Without U.S. leadership, the system lacks confidence and our allies and others seek alternatives.”
17

I would expect that reinsurance will be treated in a reasonable way in tax policy because it’s in our national interest. We’re taking advantage of the world’s balance sheet and spreading risk beyond our borders, and that has benefited corporate and consumer America greatly over the years. For reinsurance, when framed in terms
of border adjustment, the question
is simple: “Is it an export of risk or
an import of capital?” Reinsurance
is clearly an export of risk. You’re actually transferring the risk to another company’s balance sheet, and you don’t know the profit and loss until that risk has ultimately expired. It is hardly an importing of capital — the capital remains where it is while it’s
the risk that moves. When you buy homeowner’s coverage, do you import an insurance company’s capital or send them the risk?
Aside from border adjustment
and reinsurance, the Neal bill, a protectionist measure that taxes foreign affiliate reinsurance used to efficiently manage risk and capital no differently than the way domestic insurers manage their balance sheets, is still under consideration. It’s an idea supported
by only a few self–interested parties and one we strongly oppose, and you should, too. If passed, it would raise the cost of insurance.
Lastly, I believe when it comes to cross– border insurance–related regulatory matters, global events have pushed these to the back burner and you won’t see much action in the near term. For example, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors’ capital and regulatory work, intended to promote
Europe’s Solvency II approach and
a uniform regulatory and capital standard globally, i.e., one size fits all, in my judgment, is wrongheaded and likely won’t progress much at this time. Mutual recognition between the E.U. and the U.S. of each other’s insurance regulatory systems, however, remains an important subject and would
benefit U.S. and European insurers. Toward that end, a so–called “covered agreement” was negotiated by Treasury and E.U. regulators and announced
identity and the promises we make to our customers and business partners to conceive, craft and deliver the insurance coverage and service they deserve and to do so in a distinctive way. We set the standard.
I have much to be grateful for this year. So many of my colleagues have done an extraordinary job bringing the two companies together — they’ve really done two jobs to be more accurate — and I want to thank them publicly for how well they have done both. I also want to express my deepest gratitude to my senior management team and Board of Directors. They represent
the best of both organizations and without whose support our strong financial performance, integration accomplishments and strategic advancements last year would not have been possible.
It’s a big world out there, and despite the many external challenges, Chubb is a company on the ascent with a bright future ahead of it. We have produced sustained and strong financial performance and, in turn,
a track record of superior long–term shareholder returns that we fully intend to continue. We have everything we need to continue outperforming. We’re optimistic about our potential and confident in our ability to create lasting value for our customers, distribution partners, shareholders and ourselves. Thank you for believing in us.
Sincerely,
Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
in January 2017. The agreement recognizes the soundness of the U.S. state–based insurance regulatory system and allows U.S.–supervised insurers to compete in Europe on
the same basis as European insurers. In addition, the U.S. recognizes the soundness of the E.U. regulatory environment and agrees to allow
E.U. reinsurers to operate under the same conditions as U.S. companies. We applaud the spirit and intent of this agreement, which is a de facto acknowledgment by the European regulatory community that there is indeed more than one way to regulate the insurance industry. We endorse the principles of the agreement
and encourage the U.S. insurance regulatory community, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and the Federal Insurance Office, to unite in support of bringing this to a swift conclusion.
Upholding the promises we make
  18
In a world of uncertainty, it’s more important than ever to know where
we stand and what we are certain about. We have a clear strategy that capitalizes on opportunity and ensures our company remains vital and relevant long into the future. It’s about execution, and that’s in our hands. It’s also about our distinguishing brand and
