 To My Fellow ACE Shareholders
  Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
e celebrated the 25th anniversary of ACE Limited in 2010, commemorating our remarkable journey from a niche monoline writer
operating out of a Bermuda hotel room in 1985 to a top 10 global insurer today. Last year was also an exceptionally positive one for our company’s
growth and development. We delivered outstanding financial results in the face of persis- tently difficult global business and insurance industry conditions, extending our track record of financial performance. We made significant strides – including three acquisitions –
toward enhancing our strategic product and geographic capabilities that will pay us dividends immediately and well into the future. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet and overall franchise value, and Standard & Poor’s (S&P) recognized both with an upgrade to AA-. In sum, we advanced ACE’s mission of providing superior value to our customers, investors and employees and burnished our credentials as one of the strongest, best- positioned global multi-line insurance companies operating in the world today.
Last year’s challenging global economic conditions, particularly in the developed markets of the United States, Western Europe and Japan, were not unique to ACE, and certainly other insurers also had to contend with the soft market conditions that typify this stage of the property and casualty (P&C) insurance cycle. Yet, ACE had a standout performance relative to the industry. We produced nearly $2.7 billion in after-tax operating income, modestly down from prior year. Book value growth, our most important measure of shareholder wealth creation, was 17% for the year, driven by the strong operating results and the positive mark- to-market impact on our investment portfolio from historically low interest rates. Tangible book value grew more than 16%. For the last five years, ACE’s book value and tangible book value have grown at compound annual rates of over 15% and 16%, respectively.
Our entire shareholder family, including our senior management team, many of our employees and our board of directors, benefited last year from a 26% total return on ACE’s common stock. This compares favorably with a 15% return for the S&P 500 and 9% for the S&P Property & Casualty Insurance Index.
The fundamentals: Underwriting discipline and a conservative approach to investing
At our core, ACE is an underwriting company – we take risk for a living – and underwriting discipline defines our culture. Whenever we consider a risk, we strive to understand it, structure it and get paid sufficiently to assume it – that’s underwriting. We have firmly established a principle in our company that we earn a profit in our basic business of taking risk. Anything less corrupts the culture and the discipline of underwriting. After all, how do we set an objective to lose just a little bit of money in our basic business?
All of our P&C insurance and reinsurance operations – commercial and specialty P&C, which is our largest, most predominant business representing about 75% of our P&C premiums; supplemental accident and health (A&H), a major business of ACE at about 20%; and personal lines, our youngest and fastest-growing P&C business representing the balance – are in business to make an underwriting profit. Our discipline once again served us well as we produced over $1.1 billion in P&C underwriting profit in 2010 and a combined ratio of 90.2%. We are proud of this performance and a cumulative underwriting profit since we were founded in 1985.
4

In addition to underwriting profit, investment income is the other primary source of operating income for an insurance company. We follow a conservative approach to investing because we are fiduciaries of these assets, which comprise the capital of the company and the loss reserves we hold to pay future policyholder claims. We are also conservative because we recognize the substantial insurance risk we take on the liability side of our business. Low interest rates throughout 2010 pressured investment yields and income from our predomi- nantly investment-grade fixed income portfolio, and as a result, our net investment income of $2.1 billion was essentially flat with prior year. Yield decline was offset by strong operating cash flow of $3.5 billion. Together with invested asset price appreciation, the other side of the low interest rate environment, our cash flow contributed to solid growth in invested assets, which now stand at $52 billion.
Balance sheet strength and capital for good times and bad
In December, S&P upgraded the financial strength rating of our core operating insurance companies to AA-, a distinction few insurers possess. This development acknowledged
our distinct global franchise, compelling commercial purpose, balance of well-diversified businesses, conservative approach we take to risk, and perseverance over many years to continuously strengthen our balance sheet while producing consistently strong operating results. Next to people, our most important asset is our balance sheet. After all, we are in the risk business and our balance sheet is what we sell. I have also stated many times before that capital is a measure of an insurer’s wherewithal to take risk, and that risk management’s primary objective should be capital preservation for the benefit of policyholders and shareholders. In the last five years, we have doubled our total capital, from $14 billion to $28 billion. Today, based on every important financial measure, ACE is a stronger, more financially secure insurance company.
In 2010, our operating return on equity was 13.1% – an acceptable return, particularly given the low risk-free rate environment, and I might add, the best ROE in our peer group.
I believe our long-term, patient view in managing capital is aligned with our responsibility to be good stewards of our shareholders’ money. We accept that at times part of the price of a well-run insurer is a modest amount of ROE dilution from the surplus capital we hold for both opportunity and risk. Indeed, there is much uncertainty and economic dislocation in the world and stress creates both threat and opportunity. The latter presented itself last year
in the form of three acquisitions that advance our strategy and put to use $1.7 billion
in capital:
• In December, we acquired the 80% of the outstanding common stock of Rain and Hail Insurance Service that we didn’t already own for $1.1 billion. The second-largest crop insurer in the United States, a pioneer and well-recognized brand in the business, Rain and Hail is a fine organization – we know them well and expect great things from their impressive leadership team and employees. We like the non-cyclical nature of crop insurance, which is not correlated with our core commercial P&C business, and we value the strategic significance of this business given the world’s increasing demand for food and the U.S.’s role as a major food producer. Lastly, given ACE’s product breadth and capabilities, and the reach of their 7,000 agents across rural and small communities in America, we also expect to capitalize on their relationships in the future beyond crop insurance.
5

 “Today, based on every important financial measure, ACE is a stronger, more financially secure insurance company.”
6
• On the other side of the world, also in December, we acquired Jerneh Insurance, a top 10 general insurer in Malaysia, for about $200 million. Jerneh complements ACE in terms
of distribution and product – they’re focused predominantly on personal lines and small commercial P&C sold through agents versus our broker-distributed products targeting larger corporate customers and our A&H capabilities. Like ACE, they are a true underwriting company, and so we are culturally compatible. The addition increases our presence in Asia and in a country in which we have great confidence, and it’s another modest step in broadening our personal lines and small commercial capabilities.
• In a transaction that we announced in October and completed early in 2011, we acquired New York Life’s operations in Korea and Hong Kong for approximately $425 million. This acquisition expands our presence in Asia, too, and complements the life business we have been growing organically there for the last six years with the addition of two new markets. These two life companies are small but solid agency operations that have been managed conservatively, and we believe we have the ability to grow them
beyond where they are today.
The three acquisitions have good strategic and industrial logic, continuing our path toward achieving greater diversification and building greater presence where we see long-term opportunity. They also have attractive financial return characteristics. We expect all three in the first year to be accretive to earnings and book value per share and meet or exceed our
ROE hurdle rates. The acquisitions complement what we are doing
organically, and at this point in the underwriting cycle, if managed properly, acquisitions can provide greater growth at more attractive returns than organic growth in many areas of our company.
On the subject of growth, total company net premiums written in 2010 were $13.7 billion, up 3% compared with 2009. Let me describe how each of our major product classes performed during the year, starting with commercial P&C, where competitive insurance markets and slow economic recovery, particularly in developed economies, impacted premium growth,
a trend that began in 2008 and 2009.
Managing the underwriting cycle prudently
The global P&C industry is well into the most competitive part of the underwriting cycle, and I believe current conditions will continue into the future barring major unforeseen events. Generally, our industry turns on the balance sheet and cash flow, not the income statement, and the insurance cycle is essentially about supply and demand, with capital the supply. Today, the industry’s balance sheet appears to be strong, with a significant amount of surplus capital. We suspect some insurers’ recent accident years may have reserve weakness and

that industry underwriting cash flow has begun to turn negative. While industry ROEs, particularly for more recent years of business, are pitifully low, and the ability to compound book value growth for most will be more difficult, a broad, meaningful and sustainable turn in the cycle is likely some way off. There is simply not enough pain yet.
Through most of 2010, we observed typical soft market behavior, with prices continuing
to erode, competition increasing around terms and conditions, and a number of insurers growing at the expense of an underwriting profit. Our response to this environment was and remains clear and consistent. We maintained our underwriting discipline and continued to trade market share for an underwriting profit in many of our product lines by shedding busi- ness where we could not earn a profit and growing where margins were good. We are not kidding ourselves about price or reserve adequacy and, in fact, we continue to add rigor to our underwriting portfolio management. It’s not by accident that we have the freedom and flexibility to practice sound cycle management – we built and continue to build diversification into the company so that we don’t have to make all of our money in any one business. We also benefit from a risk management perspective in that we reduce the risk of over-exposing our balance sheet with too much concentration from any one product line or business.
While the soft market conditions are challenging to us, and potentially stifling for others,
we are fortunate in that ACE today is much more than a traditional large commercial P&C insurer. We are truly diversified by our global presence locally in more than 50 countries
and our broad product capabilities across P&C, A&H and our growing personal lines and life insurance businesses. Within our P&C business, less than 40% of our gross premiums come from large corporations; the balance is with middle market companies, small commercial and rural businesses, and consumers for whom we primarily provide specialty coverage.
Our expertise in specialty lines ranges from our large directors and officers and professional lines book to environmental, energy, political risk, crop and construction-related insurance. Nearly 50% of our P&C gross premiums are in specialty lines. This together with our large, supplemental A&H business, which by definition is specialty, makes ACE one of the largest specialty insurance writers in the world. We believe specialty business fits ACE particularly well because to do it well takes underwriters with deep expertise and knowledge developed as a result of a long-term commitment to the business. These risks are harder to underwrite and, depending on where you are in the cycle, the business has fewer competitors, particu- larly with a global capability, giving ACE a clear advantage.
Total P&C premiums for the year were $9.8 billion, up 2%. Looking at results by territory and distribution, net insurance premiums from retail commercial brokers in North America were flat compared to 2009 while overseas, where we found more opportunity to write ade- quately-priced business and benefited from favorable foreign exchange rates, net premiums were up 7% driven by Asia, Latin America and the United Kingdom. Net premiums for our U.S., London and Bermuda wholesale broker-distributed business were down, but we had good growth from our crop and specialty program businesses. Lastly, our global reinsurance business, ACE Tempest Re, outperformed most of its peers with a combined ratio of 72.5%. Market conditions, however, turned more competitive for reinsurance during the year.
7

8
Accident & Health: A distinctive franchise
We have a terrific global franchise in supplemental accident and health insurance. Net A&H premiums were up 4% for the year – a reasonably good performance given the lingering impact of recession on this business, which sells specialty personal accident and supplemental health insurance products to predominantly middle-class consumers around the world. In our international A&H business, premiums were down at the beginning of the year, driven by a slowdown in global travel and consumer credit, and companies keeping a tight lid on their employee populations and cutting back on expenses like group travel accident programs. As the year progressed, however, and economic activity increased, particularly in Asia and Latin America, we returned to stronger growth of 7% in the fourth quarter, and I expect that trend to continue.
Meanwhile, revenue growth for our A&H business in the developed markets was flat overall during the year. New policy sales and customer retention in the United States and Western Europe, offered through our Combined Insurance subsidiary, were particularly under pressure given the sluggish state of those economies and their impact on lower- and middle-income individuals. Combined’s sales in Australia, Asia and Latin America were considerably better.
I expect growth in our Combined Insurance business in the developed world to remain under pressure through 2011 and improve gradually with the economies. We are pleased to report that our Combined Insurance franchise in the three years since its acquisition has delivered earnings in line with the targets we established when we acquired the company.
In sum, ACE has one of the most distinctive A&H franchises in the industry and we believe it will continue to benefit from the underlying long-term trends of a rising middle class and growing consumerism in the fastest developing regions of the world. We will also benefit as economies in the developed world continue to recover and strengthen. To bolster our business, we invested further during the year in our marketing capabilities, new product development, distribution expansion and technology for the various sources we use to acquire customers.
Growing life and personal lines insurance
ACE’s young but growing international life insurance business grew 17% in 2010 and now operates in seven countries in Asia and eight in Latin America. We focus almost entirely
on developing markets where the same socioeconomic conditions that benefit our A&H business are also fueling the need for the basic savings and protection plans we sell. In Asia, for example, ACE Life has a substantial presence with more than 30,000 exclusive agents and operations in Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Taiwan and, with the New York Life acquisition, Korea and Hong Kong. In China, we are the third-largest foreign invested life insurer by way of our 37% ownership in Huatai Life. In every country in which we operate, we bring a knowledge and presence from our P&C operations to help support this business, and we take a long-term, patient perspective to building life companies. We expect ours, which have been developing nicely as a result of both organic growth and acquisitions, to begin contributing positively to earnings in 2011.

 “ACE is in the business of risk and we are built to perform under all market conditions – our record proves it.”
Our global personal lines business, now approaching $1 billion in gross premiums, experienced some of the fastest growth in the company last year, albeit from a small base. In the United States, we underwrite and market insurance coverage to affluent and high net worth customers for their homes, autos, boats and valuables. ACE Private Risk Services experienced double-digit growth in 2010 and is quickly becoming one of the recognized brands in this niche category by providing outstanding products and differentiated service to its demanding clientele. Outside the U.S., we have a diverse and growing range of personal lines products – from homeowner’s insurance in Mexico to auto insurance in Japan to cell phone replacement insurance in the United Kingdom. Building this business, however, will take time so we are investing in people and systems for the future.
Global trade: A call for leadership
The growing economic imbalances between the developed and developing worlds – twin deficits, unemployment and slow growth in mature economies versus export-driven surpluses, rising inflation and stronger growth in emerging economies – are a deep source of
international tension. The U.S. and other developed countries are addressing their anemic growth through stimulus and are accused of exporting inflation to the developing world. Yet, failure to stimulate and revive growth means weak demand, and to whom will the developing countries export? On the other side, developing countries are accused of predatory trade and export practices and have tools to
fight inflation – raising interest rates and letting their currencies rise – but because of their need for growth, they
resist these moves. Sadly, instead of global coordinated leadership to address these tensions, we have more protectionism – the raw human instinct to protect your own. Politics is always local, but the world economy is globalized and we cannot go back. In fact, we need each other now more than ever and we must find a way to strike a balance – on the one hand to protect ourselves from the predatory trading practices of others, and on the other hand to have the courage to show leadership toward a more balanced and integrated world
trade system.
I am confident in America’s unique ability to innovate – the strongest source of wealth creation. America should be doing everything in its power to engage economically with the fastest-growing regions of the world to assure continued growth and job creation. Many governments, particularly in the developed world, are grappling with how to advance their geopolitical and economic priorities in the face of difficult fiscal constraints. For the United States Congress, ratification of the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement (FTA) is one way to advance both priorities. The FTA promotes job-creating, export-driven growth in the U.S., and its swift ratification also reinforces America’s support for an ally – the Republic of Korea
9

– at a particularly sensitive time. Ratification also makes a strong statement about the U.S.’s political and economic commitment to the Asia Pacific region to which America’s future prosperity is surely linked. Lastly, ratification would be welcomed and encouraged by other Asian nations as a sign of U.S. engagement and commitment to the region.
From a broader perspective, prompt Congressional approval of the FTA sends an important signal to nations around the globe that the U.S. intends to remain competitive on the world stage through a robust trade agenda. The Administration and Congress must also show leadership by ratifying quickly the other pending FTAs with Colombia and Panama, and should do so as part of a package of agreements or immediately following the Korea FTA, thus supporting America’s other partners in the same hemisphere. Only by moving forward with a strong trade policy – launching new initiatives to open markets to American goods and services and not relying on the legacy of past agreements – can America ensure it is in the best possible position to compete in Asia, Latin America and other emerging markets that will continue to drive global growth.
Our people
As I consider the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead, I have great confidence in our company. We have a clear long-term strategy, a seasoned management team and talented bench of managers, a culture that is optimistic and passionate about performance, an employee family comprised of the industry’s top professionals, and an outstanding board of directors. Without a doubt, ACE is the organization it is today because of our people. We have the very best, and I want to thank all of them for a great year.
We can expect uncertainty, economic and fiscal fragility, and geopolitical instability to continue in 2011 and beyond. That is the world we live in, and while it all adds up to a challenging and risky business environment, it does not intimidate or demotivate us. Quite the contrary. ACE is in the business of risk and we are built to perform under all market conditions – our record proves it. We are energized by the tremendous opportunity we see on the horizon and will continue to make the investment in our organization so that we always have optionality to take advantage of that which we can or cannot currently see. After all, strategy is as much about being prepared for what you don’t know as what you know. As we begin our next 25 years of insuring progress, we are prepared and inspired to seize that opportunity.
Sincerely,
Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 10
