TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2008 ushered in the most difficult economic and financial period globally since at least the Second World War. In that context, ACE performed well – a direct consequence of what we believe is a conservative approach to managing our company. While we recorded excellent operating results, both net income and book value suffered from
the impact of extraordinary financial market stress. Still, we finished in the top quartile among our industry peers, preserved our capital flexibility, and our share price, down 14% compared to the S&P 500’s decline of more than 38%, reflected continued shareholder confidence.
ACE is in the business of taking the risk of others. We are predominantly a global commercial property and casualty insurance company, with half of our operations outside the United States. We have a large and growing accident and health business and a nascent and growing life insurance business. Our two primary sources of operating income are from our basic business of taking risk and from investing our reserves and capital. After-tax income excluding net realized gains and losses for the year was $2.6 billion, with strong contributions from both underwriting and investments. Our combined ratio was 89.6% while investment income of $2.1 billion pre-tax represented an increase of 8% over prior year. The company’s liquidity remained strong with operating cash flow of $4.1 billion. These results stand out in the property and casualty industry and demonstrate consistent performance even in the most challenging of times.
We are not immune to the market, however. The extreme conditions in the credit and equity markets led to significant financial asset deflation and seizing of the credit markets
in 2008. This contributed to economic recession in most developed economies around the world and relatively slow growth in developing markets, all of which in turn fed further weakness in financial markets – a so-called feedback loop. Even the soundest of assets were victims of extraordinary and indiscriminate price declines that occurred in the third and fourth quarters and continue today as a result of further de-levering and investor flight to safety. Our $39.7 billion investment portfolio included realized and unrealized losses of $3.3 billion after-tax, and this impacted both net income and book value.
Net income was $1.2 billion, off 54% from prior year. Other-than-temporary impairment losses from our investments totaled $1.1 billion pre-tax, with about two-thirds related to interest rate spreads and not true credit impairments. In my judgment, many of the valuation losses, particularly fixed income-related, are transient and will reverse themselves in the future as the vast majority of these investments were and remain fundamentally sound and appropriate. Approximately 89% of our portfolio is
in investment-grade fixed income securities. We strive to follow a conservative approach on the asset side of the balance sheet since, by the nature of our business, we take substantial risk on the liability side. At the end of the day, we believe our strong liquidity gives us the flexibility to trade or hold our highly rated fixed income investments until they recover their value.
The investment valuation and impairment losses more than offset our strong operating results and book value declined approximately 10% in the year. To put this in perspective, however, even with the year’s decline, our book value has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 12% the last five years.
The impact and appropriateness of fair value accounting
Accounting is meant to record economic reality. But in my judgment, using current market prices on a given day for all assets with an observable market, regardless of whether the business is long- or short-term oriented, and then indiscriminately taking the results through the income statement and balance sheet, is not a thoughtful approach. Providing this information to investors for their consideration makes sense. The accounting boards, however, say investors want these results presented in financial statements, and our experience suggests otherwise: ACE investors prefer operating earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, to assess our performance. They have concluded that net income, using mark-to-market pricing as currently constructed, is not the most accurate reflection of our economic health.
In addition to our invested assets, another area of the company that was significantly affected by fair value accounting last year was our variable annuity reinsurance business, which recorded a realized loss of $486 million that represented a substantial hit to book value. The guaranteed minimum income benefit liabilities that we reinsure meet the definition of a long-term, buy-and-hold
2

business – payouts don’t begin until 2013 and continue for many years thereafter. But under fairly arcane and inflexible accounting rules, we must treat the liabilities like a derivative rather than insurance, marking them using year-end long- term Treasury rates, which were at historic lows and not representative of realistic, long-term rates. In contrast,
if we had accounted for the liabilities using life insurance accounting, most of the net loss would disappear. While our variable reinsurance business is a catastrophe-like business, and we certainly experienced legitimate losses as a result of market conditions, fair value accounting in my judgment unreasonably exaggerated our loss and the true economic reality.
Capital destruction and the end of the soft market
When judging how insurers performed during this stressful period, one standard must be how a company efficiently deployed and protected its capital. Capital is a measure
of a company’s wherewithal to take risk, and so capital preservation is the ultimate goal of risk management and the return on that capital speaks to efficiency. ACE’s return on equity in 2008 was 16.8% – a good result.
The most important item on the liability side of an insurer’s balance sheet is net loss reserves, and ours grew 2% during the year or 6% adjusting for the effects of foreign exchange movement. Our net loss reserves, which stood at $23
billion at year-end, back our promise to pay claims, and that is the business we are in. In addition, our A+ ratings were reaffirmed in the face of many down- grades across the industry. At a time when liquidity and capital are paramount considerations for risk managers and brokers in choosing their insurance company partners,
ACE’s financial profile is noteworthy. Our balance sheet is truly a source
of strength.
Total industry capital was severely impacted last year. While likely adequate, the U.S. insurance industry has lost somewhere in the range of $75 billion to $100 billion in capital due to realized and unrealized investment losses, natural catastrophes and soft underwriting conditions. Capital supply was further eroded by the withdrawal of hedge fund capital as a consequence of problems in their basic businesses, while industry capital efficiency has been further weakened because a number of major companies have been damaged and cannot use their capital to assume the same level of risk as they have in the past. Finally, the cost of capital for all businesses has increased significantly due to conditions in the equity and debt markets. Therefore, hurdle rates of return have risen.
 “At a time when liquidity and capital are paramount considerations for risk managers and brokers in choosing their insurance company partners, ACE’s financial profile is noteworthy. Our balance sheet is truly
a source of strength.”
 Returning to our financial results last year, ACE’s solid core operating performance reflects the company’s objective to earn a profit in our basic business of insurance underwriting at the expense of chasing premium and market share.
Our P&C underwriting performance was that much more impressive when one considers 2008 was likely the second costliest year in insurance history for natural catastrophes, with approximately $50 billion in total insured losses
for the industry. Our results included $495 million in pre-tax losses incurred from Hurricanes Ike and Gustav. These were within our expectations of loss given our concentrations of exposure.
3

With capital depleted, cost of capital soaring and balance sheets and underwriting results under pressure, it is only natural that insurance prices should firm. Since September, for the areas of the market where ACE operates, we have observed signs of firming prices. Broadly speaking, rates for the business we are writing have gone from single-
and double-digit decreases in August to flat and in some classes single- or double-digit increases by year-end. I believe the market will continue to firm. Exactly what classes, when and by how much remain open questions. At ACE, we mandated in August generally a flat-to-increased pricing
rule across our organization with little room for exception. With the industry facing a current accident year combined ratio over 100% in 2008 and likely in 2009, as well as single-digit ROEs, ACE’s underwriting position is in the best interests of our clients, who expect us to maintain a strong balance sheet, and our shareholders, who expect
a reasonable return on our capital.
A word of caution, however: firming rates will not necessarily translate into increased revenues in recessionary times such as these. Reduced business activity means less exposure and therefore less premium. Under pressure to control expenses, companies will be reluctant to spend more for their insurance, and some clients may choose instead to cut back on the amount of their coverage.
And in a recession, claims in many insurance lines tend
to increase. We are aware of these challenges and have planned accordingly.
A reordering of the insurance industry
Given all of the preceding as context – the shock of the financial markets crisis and global recession, the weakening of certain insurers, the destruction and subsequent shortage of capital and the initial signs of firming in the market –
it is clear that 2009 will be a year of great stress and uncertainty. But it is also clear that the competitive order
of the insurance industry is in a state of change. We are beginning to witness a reordering of companies’ market positions unlike at any time in the recent history of our industry. With our underwriting prowess, product and geographic diversity, strong balance sheet and positive operating results, ACE is well positioned to take advantage of this dynamic operating environment. We are focused
on identifying opportunities that fit our strategy and long-term view of who we want to be.
For example, more than ever, ACE’s international network differentiates us competitively. With our own operations in more than 50 countries, ACE offers a local presence and cross-border product capability that very few companies anywhere in the world can match. We continue to invest in our network, adding new locations such as Panama
and Turkey, as well as the further build-out of our presence in China through our strategic investment in the Huatai Insurance Group.
We are by definition global and the re-domestication in 2008 of ACE Limited from the Cayman Islands to Zurich, Switzerland, is further evidence of risk management at work, carrying out our desire for a more appropriate location
for our place of incorporation. Business thrives in an environment that is stable and predictable, and Switzerland is such a location. We thank all of you, our shareholders, for voting overwhelmingly in approval of that move. We also welcome our newest Director, Olivier Steimer, who is a Swiss national and from whom we look forward to many years of wise counsel.
The diversity of our insurance business is another source
of strength and competitive advantage. While the industry’s property and casualty insurance and reinsurance premiums were down or flat throughout the year, ACE recorded above-average overall premium growth of 9%, attributable mostly to the consolidation of Combined Insurance into ACE’s reporting results and the continued momentum of our international accident and health business, particularly
in Latin America and Asia Pacific. The Combined acquisition is performing well, and we are on track with our expense reduction plan, growth strategies and operating income expectations. I remain impressed with Combined’s top-flight management team.
We plan to take full advantage of opportunity by bringing to bear our strong insurance and reinsurance operations around the world. In 2008, our North American insurance business made further inroads into the middle market, and where rate was adequate, benefited from a flight to quality by improving its position on accounts, moving into primary lead or first excess position in classes such as excess casualty, D&O, environmental and medical liability. Our ACE International business within ACE Overseas General
4

experienced strong growth in international A&H lines and is one of the few ubiquitous retail P&C companies in the industry that can effectively serve both local insurance markets as well as multinationals wherever they operate. For example, in overseas markets, even with the recessionary environment, we are seeing increased activity in construction, infrastructure and energy lines. ACE Global Markets, our London-based wholesale business which shrank during the year due to underwriting conditions, is poised to take advantage of firming insurance prices. ACE’s Global Reinsurance business recorded good January 2009 results – an important date for reinsurance business – and is enjoying its first growth in a number of years. In the
financial services sector has changed and the influence
of government ownership in business, including insurance companies, can potentially have unintended and negative consequences, including an impact on management
or operating behavior. Without the natural checks and balances of free enterprise, including the potential to fail, government-owned entities competing in the private marketplace do not operate with the same care and attention to managing risk as private companies. They
do so with less regard to its consequences. After all, in their minds, the government is backstopping their balance sheet. This behavior is not good for our industry and cannot sustain itself for very long. At the end of the day,
the taxpayer and the private sector suffer.
Government ownership, despite the best of intentions, creates additional potentially negative consequences, such as putting weaker companies at a competitive advantage by supporting them with cheap capital while the strong only have access to more expensive capital at market terms. Once the government becomes an investor, it’s only natural to support that
investment, which can lead to picking national champions and protecting them. As troubling, the government might through its support use the private sector to advance other social or political objectives that do not have a place in
the private market. All of this can ultimately lead to the dangerous spread of protectionism and isolationist policy around the globe, particularly if the U.S., the paragon of free markets, is seen as advancing government ownership of business as part of a new industrial policy.
Congress is now beginning to debate regulation. There is
a view that we enjoyed a long period of unfettered free markets and self-regulation, that self-regulation doesn’t work and that we find ourselves in our current predicament because government abdicated its role. But that revisionist view is too naive and can lead to the wrong solutions,
 “We are beginning to witness a reordering of companies’ market positions unlike
at any time in the recent history of our industry. We are focused on identifying opportunities that fit our strategy and long-term view of who we want to be.”
company’s Life Insurance business, we continue to rapidly build our insurance agency sales force in select markets such as Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. In 2008 our investment in Huatai Life, now at 36%, converted to a joint venture – the first time a domestic Chinese life insurer has converted to a JV – and represents a clear vote of confidence in ACE by Huatai shareholders, management and the Chinese government.
The role of government ownership in private enterprise
The financial crisis has severely impaired a number of our competitors whose ultimate fate is still unknown. What’s clear is that the role of government and regulation in the
5

such as simply more regulation. After all, we have had a great deal of regulation – let’s not forget Sarbanes-Oxley following the Enron days. Unfortunately, the regulation we have had has too often been misdirected in response to the immediate problem of the day and failed to recognize the broader issues. Let’s also not forget government’s role in the current crisis – such as the cheap financing and underwriting standards associated with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that were designed to achieve a social policy of home ownership for all.
The financial services industry recklessly pursued growth and market share at the expense of risk management. There was clearly a failure of regulatory oversight to counterbalance unreasonable levels of leverage, concentrations of risk and unregulated derivatives markets. We need to think about our regulatory structure – there are too many regulators with too little power – and the proper regulation that will address financial security, solvency
and sound business practices on a global basis. As part
of this debate, we should not leave out the P&C industry – a national and global industry that is regulated on a state- by-state basis. Fifty-state regulation is terribly inefficient and cries out for modernization.
On a related point, while the insurance industry would benefit from some regulatory reform, the basic insurance business doesn’t need federal rescue funds. Treasury’s rescue efforts (i.e., money) for financial services companies should be directed at those that pose systemic risk to the financial system resulting from counterparty exposures or serve as a conduit to provide liquidity in the event of a major crisis in the credit markets. This is the standard Treasury announced and I doubt insurance companies meet it.
Risk management at ACE
Managing your own risk is the other side of the same coin when you’re in the business of assuming the risk of others. In 2008, risk management served our company reasonably well and is always a management priority. Enterprise risk management at ACE is not simply a bureaucratic process that management delegates to others. Rather, ERM sup- ports the substance of our basic business of taking risk – understanding concentrations, types of risks, the interac- tions between those risks and the amount of and return
on capital required. Therefore, all levels of management are engaged – starting with me.
We also don’t have a placebo effect about risk management at ACE. We don’t delude ourselves into thinking that ERM is a perfect science and that we can know everything there is to know about our exposures with clairvoyance and precision. We make mistakes. But humbly speaking, we are pretty good risk managers, we know we can be better and we are focused on continually improving. I might add that we don’t view this responsibility as a burden – we enjoy what we do.
I am very grateful to so many people in our company –
our active and engaged board of directors, our deep and seasoned senior management team, and our talented and dedicated employees. Without all of their contributions and commitment, ACE would not be the company it is today.
I also wish to thank Gary Stuart, who announced he is
not standing for reelection to the board after more than
20 years of service. Gary exemplified a duty of care and loyalty during his tenure with ACE and we are grateful.
2009 will be a difficult year, but there is also tremendous opportunity on the horizon, and I am confident we will take advantage of that opportunity as it arises in our industry. How, when and in what form it occurs I cannot predict with precision. But we have the ability to respond more quickly than others and our organization is ready. Ours is
a long-term business, requiring patience, discipline and an enduring vision. The last year, if anything, has reminded us of the transient nature of things. This was one of the big lessons for all of us. At ACE, we aspire to permanence and to building a company that thrives when others fail. Easy to say, hard to do. We expect to be among the few who succeed.
Sincerely,
Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 6
