TO MY FELLOW ACE SHAREHOLDERS ACE had an excellent year in 2013. We produced record operating and net income as a result of strong premium revenue growth and near-record margins. We continued to invest and expand our product offerings, deepen our geographic presence and improve our technical capabilities to take advantage of current opportunities and better position ourselves for future ones. Without a doubt, I have never been more confident in the future of this great company. After-tax operating income was $3.2 billion, up nearly 23%, while net income was up 39% to $3.8 billion. With investment income essentially flat given the prolonged, historically low interest rates, our earnings growth last year was driven by outstanding underwriting income results. As I have often said, ACE is an underwriting company and underwriting is embedded in our ethos. Underwriting defines us because it's what we do ­ we analyze and take risk. In a year when the industry performed relatively well, benefiting from light catastrophe losses (CATS), our underwriting results stood out. We produced over $2.1 billion of underwriting income, up 73% from prior year and also a record, and our P&C combined ratio, or our margin from underwriting, was 88.0% versus 93.9% in 2012. By the way, the record combined ratio for our company, at least in the last 15 years, was 87.9% in 2007. Our strong underwriting income growth was driven by a combination of premium growth and margin expansion. With the former, we took advantage of our product breadth, distribution and deep physical presence all over the world as our diversification strategies, initiated years ago, continue to drive profitable growth. As for the latter, we secured underwriting margin expansion as a result of improved pricing in the U.S., our product mix globally and our underwriting portfolio management efforts, including expanded use of sophisticated data analytics that are sharpening our individual risk selection insights. I mentioned catastrophe losses were lower in 2013 ­ $227 million pre-tax versus $638 million in 2012, which was larger than our expected average. Light catastrophe losses are the favorable side of volatility and we certainly don't rely on that to make money. As sure as CATS are light one year, they're potentially heavy the next ­ it's just not predictable. Strip out the catastrophe losses and the benefit we received from prior years' loss reserve releases, which were up 11% compared to prior year, and you get to the current accident year, or the result on the underwriting exposures we earned last year. The current accident year combined ratio was 90%, which is an excellent result that speaks to the fundamental health of our currentyear business. We are conservative underwriters so it is gratifying that our underwriting performance shows up not only in our current-year results but also when our reserves for the business we wrote in prior years develop favorably. We are in a profession where you don't know the true cost of your goods when you sell them and the future is unknowable, so it's best to post reserves prudently and protect the balance sheet and shareholder capital. It's easy to make current-year results look good by posting deficient or optimistic reserves, and we will not knowingly do that. But remember, we are in the risk business. When you assess the quality of our calendar year underwriting earnings, the contribution from positive prior period reserve development is as meaningful as the terrific current year's performance. Beyond underwriting, our other source of income comes from investing our loss reserves and shareholder capital. Net investment income of $2.1 billion was down less than 2% for the year given our strong cash flow of $4 billion. This is a good result considering the continued pressure from record low interest rates. Our investment portfolio yield was 3.8% at both the beginning and end of 2013, while the current new money rate at the time of this writing is 3% if we were to invest in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. Like our underwriting, we take a conservative approach to our investing activities and don't reach for yield in our predominantly investment-grade fixed income portfolio. We never forget we are fiduciaries of these invested assets since they comprise shareholder capital ­ your money ­ and the loss reserves we hold to pay our policyholder claims. That said, it is frustrating that long-term savers globally, including insurers, have been penalized for so long by central bank policies intended to stimulate economic activity through low interest rates. Although rates likely will remain low for some time, the U.S. central bank is unwinding its stimulus efforts as economic conditions improve. Frankly, sustained central bank stimulus programs such as quantitative easing are in part a product of ineffective political leadership and government inaction to implement policies to address the important cyclical and structural growth-related issues developed countries face. Dividend increase and share repurchase plan Turning to capital and our balance sheet, ACE has never been stronger financially. Total capital grew 7% last year to $34.8 billion at December 31. In November, our board announced its intention to increase our quarterly dividend 24% ­ a recommendation that was approved by you, our shareholders, in January. We have a longterm commitment to a stable dividend with a target payout ratio of approximately 30% of operating earnings. The announcement also included a plan to target the repurchase of up to $1.5 billion of our shares in 2014, which I believe clearly demonstrates what we have been saying for years ­ that we are not religious about our views on capital management. The buybacks are not a change in our strategy or view of opportunity. We have simply reached a point, all things being equal, where we have built up sufficient capital flexibility for both opportunity and risk that we can return additional capital surplus we generate in 2014 via share repurchases without impacting our growth capability. By the way, we consider the share

5

repurchases a good buy because we are undervalued. We will continue to capture organic growth where the returns are attractive while pursuing acquisitions opportunistically to complement our growth strategies. To be clear, our preference is to put shareholder capital to work to grow the company. If we find a great growth opportunity that requires capital and will generate a favorable risk-adjusted return, that's our preferred way to use it. ACE is a growth company as measured by growth in book value and we see great opportunity to increase shareholder value over time by growing the company, although growth in a risk business with market cycles is generally not smooth and requires a long-term view and strategic patience. At the same time, we are consistently producing an operating ROE that is attractive ­ an average 12.5% over five years and 13.7% over 10 ­ with last year's coming in at 12.2%. That's well in excess of our cost of capital and a good return given risk-free rates of around 2.5% for the year. For perspective, the overall industry generates a mid-single digit average ROE. In 2013, our book value per share grew 5%, or over 11% if you exclude unrealized losses from our investment portfolio from rising interest rates. I prefer to look at our book value growth this way because we are fundamentally a longterm, buy-and-hold fixed income investor, so it's really a timing question. Book value, or shareholder net worth, has doubled in the last five years and tripled in the last 10 and now stands at $29 billion. As I have observed in previous letters, sustained book value growth and quality ROEs ultimately find their way into the stock price, which crossed the symbolic $100 threshold in 2013. This is a sign of confidence in our company and the way we run our business. Last year, investors in ACE stock were rewarded with a 31.9% total return compared to 32.4% for the S&P 500, which had one of its greatest years ever. Over a 10year period, ACE shares have been superior with twice the total return of the S&P 500. Over a five-year period, ACE's total return was 120% while the S&P 500's was 128% ­ relatively close. Looking ahead, we are quite optimistic about our growth prospects because we have so much scope for growth by virtue of our product positioning, our geographic presence, our distribution breadth, our operating culture and, frankly, our small share of the global insurance business in both its totality and within any one of our businesses. As I said, we are patient about growth, and due to the marketdriven pricing cycles of property casualty, we are willing to trade market share without hesitation to preserve an underwriting profit. It is our responsibility to never knowingly let underwriting destroy book value, which is our measure of shareholder wealth creation. Many companies espouse commitment to underwriting discipline but few see this through. I will return to this last point later when I touch on the external environment. So, with that as prologue, let me tell you a bit more about who we are and give you an update on our businesses.

Diversification by product, geography and distribution ACE is predominantly a global multiline P&C insurance company. Ten years ago, three-fourths of our company's business as measured by gross premiums was concentrated in industrial commercial and specialty commercial P&C insurance. Consistent with our long-term strategy, we have made great strides over the last five and 10 years to diversify our business so that today 50% of our business comes from this area with one-third coming from consumer insurance lines ­ accident and health (A&H), personal lines and life insurance ­ and the remaining 12% and 5% from our agriculture insurance and our reinsurance divisions, respectively. Our diversification efforts have also focused on achieving significantly greater balance by geography. Today, approximately half of our business is in the U.S. with the balance conducted locally in 53 other countries, making ACE one of the world's very few truly global multiline P&C insurance companies. Lastly, our distribution capabilities have evolved dramatically from a company that was once dependent primarily on retail and wholesale commercial P&C brokerage. Today, we reach individual consumers and commercial customers of all sizes through a myriad of distribution channels ­ brokerage, agency (both independent and exclusive), bancassurance and direct marketing. For many of our businesses, marketing and distribution often make the difference between success and failure, so we make our distribution choices based on the country, economic conditions and culture to best reach our target customer. While our diversification efforts are clearly not finished ­ in fact, in many ways we are just getting started ­ our current balance is terrific. When one area of the world is down, another is up ­ that's the beauty of being global. For example, ACE's significant and expanding capabilities in Asia and Latin America are designed to capitalize on many faster-growing economies with strong new business creation and an emerging middle class. Similarly, while we have consistently grown our commercial P&C business globally ­ and there is plenty of room for future growth ­ we have developed at a faster rate our personal accident, personal lines, small commercial and life insurance businesses, many of which are distributed in unique and novel ways. These lines of business present an enormous growth opportunity while providing us with a hedge against our exposure to the commercial P&C industry pricing cycle. Our broad geographic presence and expanded product capabilities contributed greatly to our premium revenue results last year. Total company net premiums written, including P&C, A&H, life and reinsurance, grew 7% on a constant dollar basis to $17 billion with growth well balanced by territory and product area. If we exclude agriculture, which is a $1.6 billion business and where we are a leading provider of crop insurance in the United States, net premium revenue grew 9.5% on the remaining $15.4 billion. This is the measure I look at most to see how the company is doing from a growth perspective. Crop insurance is a unique public-private partnership in the U.S. and premium growth is affected substantially by commodity prices and how we share premium and loss with the government. Premium levels, therefore, can be volatile from period to period and have nothing to do with the underlying health of the business or the competitive environment.

6

If we find a great growth opportunity that requires capital and will generate a favorable risk-adjusted return, that's our preferred way to use it.
For the year, our commercial and specialty P&C businesses, which represent about 50% of the company and $12 billion in gross premiums, generated growth of 10% globally in constant dollars ­ about three times the industry average growth rate ­ with contributions from every region. In North America, where we benefited from a favorable rate environment, our commercial P&C net premiums grew 11%. We have two retail broker-distributed businesses in North America: ACE USA, which serves large account and upper-middle market clients, and ACE Commercial Risk Services, which is focused on small commercial customers for specialty coverages. Premiums in these two businesses grew 11%. Our two predominantly wholesale broker-distributed businesses in North America are ACE Westchester, which is focused on middle market specialty, and ACE Bermuda, which serves large corporate accounts. Both performed well in 2013 with premiums up over 11%. While we have good market share in the U.S. large corporate segment, we see plenty of room for growth. We are also investing to expand our product and geographic presence to better penetrate the broker and independent agent universe for the insurance needs of middle market commercial customers. Internationally, we are expanding in particular where economic growth is occurring. For commercial P&C, Latin America led the way with growth of over 20%, followed by solid single-digit growth in Asia and Europe. ACE International, our retail broker-distributed business in 51 countries, had commercial net premium growth of 10% in constant dollars while ACE Global Markets, our Londonbased wholesale market business, grew at a modest 2% owing to more competition during the year. Our commercial P&C businesses globally benefited last year from our continued emphasis on improving our underwriting portfolio management capabilities, where I believe we are still in the early stages. These efforts are being implemented across our P&C portfolio globally. We are focused intently on strengthening our data analytics to improve our insights into risks as we segment our businesses into ever-smaller, more discrete risk cohorts. This is and will be a fundamental ACE capability and will separate winners from also-rans in what has become the long-term arms race of our industry.

In our global A&H business, which now represents about 18% of the company, we've also been making investments in data analytics, in this case to constantly refine the performance of our direct marketing efforts to reach the customers, members and employees of organizations that sponsor our products. Net premiums written in 2013 grew about 5% on a constant dollar basis, with international up double-digit, led by growth in Asia and Latin America of 13%, and respectable single-digit growth in the U.S. and Europe. Premiums for our Combined Insurance business, which generates sales through a captive agency force, were down modestly, but agent recruitment is way up for our core business and so is the growth in new sales those agents are producing. Those factors will ultimately translate into premium growth. When we bought this business, it had suffered from years of neglect and underinvestment, but we saw tremendous potential and I am a believer in its distribution model and the customer market it is meant to serve. While a business like this takes years to restore to true vitality, I see the company making great progress and am convinced Combined Insurance will soon return to growth. I'm pleased with the growth of our personal lines business, which has become a $2 billion business for ACE ­ or about 8% of the company ­ from practically nothing 10 years ago and $700 million five years ago. We have done what we said we were going to do ­ this is now a more meaningful business that we have been patiently building, organically and through select acquisitions, as part of our long-term diversification strategy. Net premiums written were up 40% in constant dollars in 2013, or 11.5% excluding the contributions from our acquisitions, particularly in Mexico. We have done a good job to date of integrating the personal lines-oriented companies we bought and they have been accretive to our earnings in the first year. We are making them more valuable by combining their impressive talent and local product and market expertise with our global underwriting, distribution management capabilities and product portfolio. Meanwhile, for ACE Private Risk Services, which focuses on high net worth consumers in the U.S., net premiums were up over 9%. We are making an impact by striving to deliver outstanding service quality and a broad portfolio of coverage to meet the complex needs of these discriminating customers. If you fit the profile of the customer we best serve, try us out. With the benefit of substantial investments in our capabilities, our global personal lines business is poised to continue its strong growth. Premium production for our international life insurance business, which is focused primarily in Asia and secondarily on Latin America, grew 18.5% in constant dollars. We continue to make investments to build our own captive agency capabilities ­ from recruitment and training to management and systems ­ and now have 35,000 proprietary life insurance agents in Asia including Huatai Life, our 36%-owned venture in China with Huatai Insurance. We had standout performances last year in a number of countries, with Indonesia, Korea and Hong Kong, for example, registering premium production growth of 35%, 18% and 16%, respectively.

7

We are continuing to build a strong distribution capability that deepens our geographic presence in individual countries. Enhanced distribution will be critical for our commercial P&C, personal lines, A&H and life businesses as we continue to introduce new products, enter new target markets and expand our presence in existing ones such as Thailand, where we announced in January 2014 our intention to acquire a majority stake in Siam Commercial Samaggi Insurance, a well-established and trusted general insurer. Samaggi distributes its personal lines and small commercial products through its own branches, 1,000 independent agents and more than 1,100 branches of Siam Commercial Bank, one of the country's largest and most venerable financial institutions. The acquisition should complement our existing commercial P&C, A&H and life capabilities in Thailand and further strengthen our valuable Southeast Asia network. The expansion of our physical branch office networks enables us to tap into the economic activity occurring locally in countries like Mexico, where we have 78 offices in 46 cities; Brazil, where we have branches in 19 cities; Malaysia, where we have 2,100 agents and 23 offices nationwide; Indonesia, where we have over 40 branch offices for life and non-life business; and the U.S. with major sales and underwriting offices in 22 cities. In addition, our direct marketing capabilities, including over 100 call centers in 34 countries that make about 90 million calls annually, are key to reaching the customers of third-party affinity sponsors such as utilities, mobile phone operators, department stores and financial institutions. Lastly, our global reinsurance business had an excellent year with a combined ratio of 66% and underwriting income up over 45%. These great numbers reflect low catastrophe losses and good results from the core P&C book. With flat-to-declining reinsurance rates and with competition increasing as the year progressed, net premiums declined 3%. The reinsurance market is awash in capital, so we aren't looking for near-term growth in this business. We accept that and are fully prepared to walk away from business and shed further volume if necessary to maintain an underwriting profit. This is a relatively small business for ACE but important, and we take pride in the underwriting discipline of our reinsurance colleagues ­ we applaud them and reward them for it. On the other side of the coin, ACE is a substantial buyer of reinsurance, one of the largest in the world, and our risk appetite has not changed ­ it remains steady. We pride ourselves on the long-term relationships we have with reinsurers and the money we have made for them over the years. We are a sought-after cedant. The softening reinsurance market benefits ACE in terms of pricing and improved terms that will positively impact our future financial results. Insurance market conditions Turning to the subject of insurance market conditions, the insurance business globally is competitive and there are plenty of companies and capital chasing market share in every line of business. That's nothing new. In the U.S., market conditions are competitive but reasonable. Pricing

has varied depending on overall experience in a given class. Large, high-quality carriers have shown leadership and have sought to focus on earning a reasonable margin for the risk assumed. Many companies have benefited from an improved price environment, modest catastrophe losses and low inflation. In the U.S., for commercial P&C insurance, we are likely at the beginning of a transition market that will lead to a more competitive market and already has for property insurance. At the same time, the reinsurance market is softening, both in terms of pricing and terms, and this, too, will impact the primary insurance market. At the moment, insurance company balance sheet reserves are adequate in aggregate and most insurers are feeling greater earnings growth pressures, exacerbated by low interest rates and relatively slow revenue growth while underwriting margins in aggregate have improved. To achieve earnings growth from here, most companies will be unable to meaningfully improve margins except in a few distressed classes like workers' comp and will therefore likely go for growth in classes where they perceive better margins. That means the return of a more competitive cycle. Overseas, the commercial P&C rate environment is more competitive but remains reasonably stable. Asia and Latin America are the growth regions of the world and many global insurers, particularly Europeans and a few Americans, as well as local company participants, are focusing more attention there, and that means increased competition. The Continent is reasonably stable while the U.K. is competitive, particularly the London wholesale market, which is heavily dependent on catastrophe insurance as a source of revenue. CAT insurance is also a major source of earnings for Lloyd's ­ they are caught in the same predicament as traditional reinsurers ­ and I will address that next. The London wholesale market is quite competitive and it will only become more so. There is no doubt in my mind that there will be more competition globally in the future. I don't say any of this to be negative. On the contrary, we are ready for a more challenging insurance market and are clear-eyed and hard-nosed about reality. I believe we will outperform in any market and continue to generate superior returns. The reinsurance landscape is changing in some fundamental ways. It's not simply the beginning of a typical soft cycle. There are new sources of capital, and not just one flavor. Some of this new capital represents typical soft market cyclical behavior ­ cheap capital chasing a perceived source of earnings. In my judgment, this is naïve and these capital providers will simply be abused and eventually disappear. It takes more than capital to make money in our business. The capital needs to be backed by smart underwriting. On the other hand, major sources of the alternative capital are thoughtful and rational entities with enormous resources ­ they represent a more structural and permanent change to the reinsurance market landscape. Capital markets players have noticed the margins

8

We are ready for a more challenging insurance market and are cleareyed and hard-nosed about reality. I believe we will outperform in any market.
reinsurers have made on reinsuring catastrophe exposure of insurance, as well as the uncorrelated nature and dataand model-centric aspects of a portion of that business. They seem to like the business and appear committed to it, and their appetite for risk is growing beyond the easiest business to model. Many reinsurers have been dependent on the CAT business for a disproportionate share of their profits ­ though it is only about 10% of reinsurance market revenues. So, these new market entrants have come into the business and taken share, driving down pricing and margins, and putting pressure on traditional reinsurers. I can imagine reinsurers over time will have to adjust the pricing in their traditional P&C lines to earn an adequate return because they will no longer be able to depend on greater returns on their CAT business. In the meantime, it will be a painful and likely prolonged adjustment. By the way, right now the capital markets players, who are managed by the wholesale market, both reinsurers and fund managers, aren't the global originators of risk; primary companies like ACE are. The company that can originate and package risk at the wellhead, all over the world, across a broad swath of products, and has the capability to manage it better through sophisticated data analytics supporting good underwriting discipline has a winning model for the future. I can envision a day when we aren't simply accessing traditional reinsurers but originating risk globally that we package and distribute directly through the capital markets. The macroenvironment We also face a macroeconomic environment that, while improving, remains challenging. Overall, I see global economic growth improving modestly, driven principally by developed markets. But the world is not all moving in one direction. With central banks, particularly the Fed, unwinding their stimulus programs, and China's economic growth slowing, more volatility and uncertainty exist in developing markets in the short term. U.S. growth is on a more solid footing and more broadbased ­ construction, manufacturing (particularly auto), energy and housing ­ and there is less impact from recent government fiscal contraction, i.e., the sequester. But due to a lack of actionable government policy, the economy is underperforming its potential and will do so for some time. Leadership at the federal level is the single greatest issue impacting our economy. In fact, there has been a failure

of government to address major issues ­ for example, over-regulation of the financial sector and business generally, infrastructure, immigration reform and worker skills, which are impacting medium-term growth; and education, deficit reduction and entitlement reform, which are impacting longer-term growth. Underemployment and income inequality, as a result of technology and globalization displacing lower-skilled labor, will remain serious problems for years. It's a generational challenge and, in my judgment, education and closing the skills gap, not government wealth redistribution, are the answer. Europe is more stable than it has been for several years. While economic growth will be very low if not nonexistent, a stability has returned to the Eurozone as we appear to be past the threat of acute currency and financial crisis. While many of the fundamental issues impacting growth remain unresolved at the core of Europe, progress has been and continues to be made, particularly on the periphery in countries that suffered the most, took decisive fiscal and pro-growth actions and are now beginning to see signs of recovery. Japan at the moment is experiencing its best growth in 20 years. Japan has fired two of its three policy-directed "arrows" to stimulate growth and reinflate its economy. So far, so good, although medium-term growth is likely unsustainable without the tough market- and labororiented reforms previously announced. That's the third arrow and it's the most difficult one. So, developed countries lead the world in improved growth over the short term. As I noted earlier, the U.S. is beginning to shrink quantitative easing, or QE, and that is impacting emerging markets. QE provided a cheap source of debt and equity capital to the emerging markets ­ it was very stimulative. That, along with China growing between 8.5% and 10%, meant high demand and inflated prices for the natural resources that developing countries had to sell. China has slowed down and has accepted slower economic growth as a trade-off for fundamental, structural economic reform that will lead to a more solid long-term growth trajectory. These reforms are broad-based, politically difficult and will take time to implement. With an end to cheap capital and lower prices for commodities, the emerging markets will be a mixed bag in terms of growth and stability. Emerging economies that have practiced more sound fiscal and market-oriented policy reform are in better shape from a growth perspective. Think Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Singapore and the Philippines, to name a few. On the other hand, major developing countries, particularly those with current account deficits and that haven't progressed with more difficult reforms ­ such as Brazil, Indonesia, India and Turkey, for example ­ will likely experience lower growth and the rising specter of inflation over the short and medium term. However, developing and emerging markets as a whole are in much better fiscal and monetary shape than in the late 90s when the last crises struck, and that gives me greater confidence over the medium and longer term.

9

Geopolitical risk I am concerned about the increased political risk around the globe, which is another threat to economic growth and stability. Problems in the Middle East, parts of North Africa, and Central and South Asia that will take generations to resolve spawn the seeds of greater problems ­ i.e., transnational terrorism and spreading Sunni-Shia conflict. Some problems, like in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, have no easy answers. In these circumstances, the U.S. is the only global power with real capability and influence. The U.S. has an obligation to engage with strength ­ it's in the national interest. Yet, there is a growing perception around the world of American leadership weakness and U.S. lack of resolve and willingness to lead. The U.S. draws lines in the sand but has no will to act. This perception is dangerous ­ it opens the doors to opportunism or miscalculation and exposes the world to greater risk. Traditional allies have diminished confidence and that, too, increases risk ­ for example, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Israel. And then in Asia, allies watch and grow uneasy that the U.S. may not be reliable in the face of China's growing power and assertiveness in the Sea of Japan and the South China Sea, and that raises the specter of an arms race as countries move to defend themselves. China's interests and influence now extend well beyond its borders. They are wrestling with their own economic and social issues at home and are learning how to engage beyond their borders. These issues are profound and, given the country's size, impact not just China's immediate neighbors throughout the Asia Pacific region but the entire world. The U.S.-China relationship is the most important bilateral relationship in the world and it will be for decades to come. The relationship, however, is not without its challenges. History has shown that established and rising powers have rarely been able to accommodate each other's interests peacefully. Both countries have interests in common and areas of competition. Focusing on the areas of common interest while understanding each other's core national interests and the fact that it's not a zero-sum game is a constructive way forward. Each must learn to accommodate the other's interests without compromising its own important national interest. However, at the most fundamental level there is a deep lack of trust and a suspicion between the two countries as to intentions. We each have such different histories, values and circumstances that inform our views and priorities, and at times each takes actions the other interprets as a move to undermine its interest. While the U.S. and China are competitors, both have many interests in common, and that's what we first have to focus on if we are to build greater trust: energy security, climate change, rules-based global market access for trade and investment, terrorism, and freedom of navigation, to name a few. Both have a vested interest to cooperate toward a vision where geopolitical stability and rules-based behavior lead to increased prosperity for both countries and benefit the world at large. It won't be easy because we often see the issues and their solutions differently, but it's in our

mutual long-term national interest. Right now, both countries need strong economic growth to address problems at home, and that requires a more peaceful globe with a more open, rules-based trading and investment system ­ one where foreign participants, with few exceptions, are treated the same as domestic ones, where government-owned companies aren't advantaged over the private sector, and where the rule of law enforces basic property rights. ACE is a corporate citizen of the world and an economic stakeholder in many of the places I have mentioned. The U.S. private sector has a responsibility to encourage its nation's leaders to lead and engage with confidence. On the trade front, it is so important that the U.S. conclude the multilateral trade agreements now pending ­ including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. President Obama must make the case for trade and lead the effort to secure trade-promotion authority or TPA. In its absence, it will be difficult to conclude these agreements. American CEOs are ambassadors for their country and help demonstrate the benefits of market-oriented policies and what foreign companies can bring in terms of know-how and capital. By engaging and opening our markets, we have the opportunity to influence other countries' policies toward a vision of open markets, free trade and rule of law. But we are most effective, again, when our country is leading with confidence and a clear sense of strategic priority. Our industry and regulation I would like to say a few words about our industry, which I think is generally misunderstood by the public. Many think of insurance as kind of bureaucratic and slow-moving. Nothing could be further from the truth. We are a reflection of society globally ­ we are part of the financial grease that supports economic growth ­ and we assume a portion of the risk that is created as a result of that economic activity. As an industry, for us to remain relevant in an environment where risk is dynamic, we need to assume appropriate amounts of risk in areas that matter to our clients. We are expected to innovate in the areas where exposure is being created. Risks such as cybersecurity, natural catastrophe and terrorism come to mind, and ACE will be at the forefront of these issues in a thoughtful way. Of course, it goes without saying, we can only take risk to the extent that we understand it and we have the balance sheet wherewithal to assume it. With that said, we shouldn't be so quick to expect and accept government involvement, which should be limited to extreme and systemic types of events truly beyond industry balance sheet capabilities. A topical example of an extreme and systemic event is an act of terrorism, so let me say a few words about the U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act or TRIA. TRIA is one of those rare situations where legislation actually works as intended. As you may know, the program expires at the end of 2014 and we are already facing the challenge of issuing insurance policies that extend into this uncertain period. Bills are pending in Congress and there appears to be support for it on both sides of the aisle. I am reasonably confident that TRIA will be extended. The question is whether this goes to the eleventh hour and for how long TRIA is renewed.

10

As an industry, for us to remain relevant in an environment where risk is dynamic, we need to assume appropriate amounts of risk in areas that matter to our clients.
Over the past decade, the insurance industry has shouldered an increasing share of terrorism risk as part of the TRIA quid pro quo: we are compelled to offer terrorism coverage in return for the government taking the extreme event risk, or what we call tail risk. Without this certainty, insurers would have to severely limit the coverage provided to fit their balance sheet limitations and in recognition of the difficulty terrorism presents in underwriting given the nature of the risk. This is hardly a bailout. In fact, if TRIA didn't exist, the ultimate insurers would be the banks, whose mortgage collateral would be exposed, and industry in general, which would have responsibility for its workers and property. I can imagine, as a consequence of this renewal, insurers may assume a greater percentage of the risk ­ as we should but within the bounds of what we can reasonably shoulder while protecting our balance sheets against the risk of ruin. We don't look to government for handouts. TRIA renewal is not automatic though ­ it won't happen unless business leads an effort. We have to keep lobbying Congress, both Republicans and Democrats. They have to hear from their constituents ­ real estate, banking and manufacturing, for example ­ that this is important. Congress has shown an ability lately to hit singles and doubles when it comes to legislation. Well, TRIA is a single or double. On a separate subject, our industry faces a difficult, politically charged regulatory environment globally that is in a state of change following the financial crisis. The environment has never been more complex, demanding, and in my judgment, confused. It is one of the greatest challenges our industry faces today. Many of the regulatory bodies we report to around the globe do a reasonably good job and have a reasonably clear sense of mission. On the other hand, some important regulators and policymaking bodies, particularly at the national and multilateral level, are confused about mission and the issues. At the leadership levels, they are directed by those with banking experience and very little knowledge of or appreciation for our industry and its important differences. This is deeply troubling and I have three specific concerns. First is the designation of certain large global insurance companies as systemically important, or SIFIs. This designation, to the extent it impacts their traditional insurance business, in my judgment, is wrong-headed

and simply not relevant. Traditional P&C and life insurers are not systemic, and the failure of an insurance company engaged in traditional life or non-life insurance, while potentially a major event, does not pose a systemic threat to the global financial system. But multilateral bodies and some national regulators seem to be trading down the definition of systemic to include a shortage of coverage availability, which is nonsense and represents regulator overreach. If you agree with me that traditional insurers are not systemically important, then the notion of requiring them to hold additional capital for their traditional business doesn't make sense either. It would needlessly disadvantage them and raise insurance buyers' costs, and for what benefit? To go further, requiring companies designated as internationally active insurance groups ­ such as ACE ­ to hold more capital because of an ill-conceived view that they are somehow riskier than large domestic giants because they do business across borders would be needlessly counterproductive. It would restrict fair competition, impact availability and raise costs. In fact, judging riskiness is about understanding concentrations of exposure and not cross-border presence ­ that's a separate issue about regulator coordination and it's not solved with capital. The second concern is related to the first ­ it's around the notion of one set of uniform global industry capital standards, which is being pursued aggressively by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) and the Financial Stability Board. I'm supportive of minimum standards for capital that an insurer must hold to protect policyholder obligations in the event of an insurer failure. Our obligation to policyholders is the special fiduciary nature of our industry ­ it's a responsibility that's recognized in the modern regulatory construct governing insurers dating back a long way. Like all corporations, insurers should be allowed to fail, but in recognition of this special fiduciary responsibility, we're required to hold a sufficient level of capital to meet policyholder obligations. However, a number of proposals being discussed by international regulators reflect what I would characterize as more socialist views about insurer responsibility and require levels of statutory capital well beyond that purpose. For example, the IAIS approach would require capital to protect bondholders and shareholders ­ a so-called "going concern" approach. Our unique fiduciary responsibility is to our policyholders, and insurers shouldn't be expected to bear a similar regulatory responsibility for bondholders and shareholders when general corporations aren't required to do the same. My third concern is about legislative and regulatory efforts we see around the globe aimed at balkanizing capital and restricting cross-border risk transfer flows. Behind these efforts are essentially two motivations. One is the desire of regulators to force an insurer to retain more risk and capital in their jurisdiction in order to fully control the capital backing the exposure the insurer is assuming for its own account. The other is protectionist ­ the desire to protect their own domestic insurance market at the expense of competition from global companies capable of assuming large amounts of risk at competitive prices.
11

In the U.S., for example, the Neal bill now in Congress would thoughtlessly limit cross-border intercompany reinsurance to advantage a few domestic insurers ­ though intercompany reinsurance within our borders is exactly what these companies employ for capital efficiency purposes. This threat to freedom of reinsurance is truly tax- and protectionist-driven ­ it impacts the ability to use internal reinsurance properly, which is fundamental to efficient capital management for all insurance companies. There are consequences to these misguided efforts. Requiring global insurers to hold greater levels of risk and capital locally will drive up prices and restrict the availability of capacity. Ironically, this is occurring as business continues to globalize with insured values and demand for coverage growing. These proposals single out and discriminate against foreign insurers. They violate tax treaties and trade agreements because their real aim is to restrict competition. Our regulators and legislators have a role to play, but it should be to support our freedom to build businesses and to innovate for the benefit of society in a responsible manner. A culture that's frank and self-critical ACE is a successful company ­ we're one of the best in the business ­ and we're optimistic because there's so much more to accomplish. But our future success is not guaranteed. I'm concerned ­ in fact, paranoid ­ about becoming victims of our own success ­ that we think we have "arrived." I don't believe that for a minute ­ we are never as good as our potential. A separate but related concern is that as we grow bigger, our employees and managers develop a "followers" mentality and wait for direction from senior management instead of thinking for themselves ­ that they stop truly "seeing" the details of their business and stop conceptualizing the substance and over-rely on process. In a risk business such as ours, it's the substance that matters first. This happens sometimes to large, successful companies ­ they stop excelling and become more inward-looking. They develop and enforce process and rules to ensure conformity and outcome, which can lead to less real individual thinking, more process and routine, and less focus on content. This momentum is difficult to break. Part of my job as CEO is to be intimately in touch with the reality of our business and be able to stand back, observe our operations dispassionately and make judgments. The world is dynamic and constantly changing so we must be willing to evaluate and remake ourselves where necessary. We must be frank, self-critical and never at rest. Nowhere does this apply more in our company than underwriting and claims, where we are good ­ in fact, very good ­ but only on a relative basis, because on an absolute basis we are on a never-ending journey. ACE has a culture of execution ­ we get it done. We are can-do people. As we get bigger and older and yes, more successful, we have to be watchful that we don't allow too much unnecessary bureaucracy to creep in ­ that we don't develop too many rules in an effort to create a regiment around all behavior. We do need structure, a degree of uniformity, and the important rules that inform how we should behave in

areas that are fundamental, such as underwriting, claims, accounting and sales processes. But we don't want to choke off individual thinking or substitute process for substance. Process and rules have a place, but not to replace individual leadership, judgment, decision-making and accountability. Another hallmark of the ACE culture is our work ethic. It begins with leadership and permeates the entire organization. For example, at ACE, the higher you go the harder you work. It's our inconvenient truth ­ we don't apologize for it ­ and as part of our vision it makes us different. As our managers grow and seek greater positions of authority, they quickly learn that they must take on greater responsibility and perform with excellence ­ they must be willing to pay that price. Fortunately, we have a large and talented employee community of leaders and technical experts ­ at all ages and levels ­ many of whom are hungry and driven to take on more. We are focused on helping them achieve that because collectively they produced our great results last year and they will fuel our ability to take on more opportunity. I am grateful for their tremendous effort as well as for the outsized contributions of my senior management team and board of directors, without whom our success last year would not have been possible. In particular, I want to acknowledge the contributions of two longstanding directors, Tom Neff and Bob Ripp, both of whom are retiring from the board this year after a collective 40 years of service to the company. It has been a pleasure and an honor to work with them. My first 10 years As I conclude in 2014 a decade of service as CEO, I have developed a rather personal perspective about ACE ­ where we've come from and what we are today. Ten years ago, in the middle of a hard market, we were scrambling to add people and products at a rapid pace. It was like putting wings on a plane while we were taxiing to take off. Today, we have capabilities and presence we could only have dreamed about a decade ago and now are positioned to take advantage of so much opportunity we see around the globe. We are hungry, humble, restless and, now, especially self-critical. This is a special place, a special organization ­ we can only describe it in personal terms because we all take it so personally. It's not just a company. It's an expression of who we are collectively as a group of like-minded people ­ our place in the world and what we are trying to achieve. I am invigorated by what we have accomplished together and optimistic about what this organization can and will achieve in the years ahead. On behalf of all my colleagues, we are ready for the next 10 years. I hope you are, too. Sincerely,

Evan G. Greenberg Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
12

