SHAREHOLDERS' LETTER

CB Richard Ellis had an outstanding year in 2006. By remaining focused on our longstanding strategy to create the premier global commercial real estate services firm, we achieved record financial performance and continued to redefine excellence in the service of our clients.
At the end of 2006, we acquired Trammell Crow Company, creating a firm unparalleled in the industry in its scope of services, depth of market coverage, quality of people and, most importantly, its ability to serve clients. We also made more than 20 infill acquisitions to strengthen our service lines and local market businesses. CB Richard Ellis now serves approximately 85 of the Fortune 100 companies and operates in more than 50 countries. However, our primary motivation in these transactions is not size, but excellence. The growing value of our global service platform is clearly demonstrated in the company's financial performance in 2006: - Global revenues of $4.0 billion, up 26% over 2005, with organic growth accounting for over two-thirds of this increase. - Net income, as adjusted for one-time items, of $348.0 million, up 51% over 2005. - Earnings per diluted share, adjusted for one-time items, of $1.48, an increase of 48% over 2005. - Normalized EBITDA of $652.5 million, an increase of 41% over the prior year. - EBITDA margin, excluding one-time items, of 16.2%, compared to 14.4% for 2005. Each of these measures was a record for the Company, and we exhibited leadership across business lines and

geographies, with the #1 market position in virtually all important business centers worldwide. CB Richard Ellis continues to manage its balance sheet prudently. First, we paid down the majority of our highcoupon debt with cash from operations, and then we financed the Trammell Crow Company transaction with up to $2.2 billion of term loan facilities at favorable interest rates and terms. Earlier in the year, we also enhanced our ability to fund future growth through a new $600 million credit facility that can be expanded by another $200 million, if needed. Our results and responsible balance sheet management were recognized by the ratings agencies. In the spring, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (S&P) and Moody's Investors Service both issued a double-ratings upgrade on the Company's debt, and then affirmed their ratings following the Trammell Crow Company transaction. Over the past two years, this is the second and third time, respectively, that S&P and Moody's have raised their ratings for CB Richard Ellis. Investors continue to recognize the value of our business model. Shares of CB Richard Ellis increased 69.3% in 2006, adding more than $3 billion to our market capitalization. This performance exceeded the Dow Jones Industrial Average (up 16.3%); the Russell 1000 (up 13.3%); and the S&P 500 (up 13.6%), an index CB Richard Ellis joined on November 10, 2006. CB Richard Ellis is the only commercial real estate services firm included in the S&P 500. Key Acquisitions | The acquisition of Trammell Crow Company provides us with greater depth and breadth in several of our existing service lines. It also allows us to achieve better balance between contractual and transactional revenues, a goal of ours for many years. With the addition of Trammell Crow Company, CB Richard Ellis' contractual (property, project and facilities management, as well as corporate services) revenues associated with outsourcing activities rose from 14% to 23% of total revenues, based on 2006 pro forma results, while our transactional revenues decreased to about 61% of revenues from the current 68%. In addition, CB Richard Ellis expects to realize $65 million in net expense synergy savings as a result of the acquisition.

p16

Trammell Crow Company's Development Services business is now run as a wholly owned but independently operated subsidiary that retains the highly regarded Trammell Crow Company brand name. In early 2007, we sold Trammell Crow Company's approximately 19% ownership interest in Savills, plc, a real estate provider in the United Kingdom. The $311 million of pre-tax proceeds from this sale, net of selling expenses, has been used to reduce net indebtedness. CB Richard Ellis is highly experienced in integrating major services companies. Trammell Crow Company is the culmination of a long-term strategy of selectively acquiring companies that augment our existing strengths. Our purchase of what is now CBRE Investors in the mid-90s gave us a world-class investment advisory business. In 1996, we acquired what is now CBRE Melody, which brought us one of the industry's best mortgage brokerage capabilities. In 1997, we added Koll Real Estate Services' expertise in property and corporate facilities management. In 1998, we became the global leader with our purchase of REI Limited. Our purchase of Insignia Financial Group in 2003 bolstered us with a robust transaction capability and gave us the number one position in commercial real estate in New York and London. We consistently incorporate the best ideas, resources and people from the companies we acquire. The success of the Trammell Crow Company integration will be facilitated by our similar heritage and cultures and our shared values of respect, integrity, service and excellence. CB Richard Ellis completed 23 other acquisitions in 2006. Among them was the acquisition of a majority interest in IKOMA CB Richard Ellis KK in Japan. In EMEA, we added Holley Blake, the leading industrial real estate services specialist in the UK, as well as several smaller companies in continental Europe, in keeping with our strategy of developing and enhancing our cross-border service offerings to clients. We also acquired Noble Gibbons in Moscow, which provides a full range of real estate advisory and management services. In the U.S., we acquired affiliate companies based in Honolulu and Milwaukee. 2006 Accomplishments | In 2006, clients around the world chose CB Richard Ellis to handle their property services

requirements twice as often as any other firm. As a result, we experienced strong growth in all of our primary business lines. Specifically: - We completed approximately 60,650 (1) leasing and sales transactions with a total value of more than $224 billion(1). In U.S. investment sales, CB Richard Ellis captured the highest overall market share at 16.4%, 7.4 percentage points better than the number two firm, according to Real Capital Analytics. - Mortgage origination volume climbed 16% over the prior year, totaling $20.7 billion for 2006. We continue to forge closer collaboration among CBRE Capital Markets professionals, a key growth initiative for this business line. For 2006, loan origination volume attributable to referrals within the CBRE system increased 37% from 2005. - Global Investment Management assets increased 65% during the year to more than $28.6 billion. - At the end of 2006, we managed nearly 1.7 billion square feet(2) of property and corporate facilities around the world. - We completed more than 59,000 valuation and advisory assignments. In 2006, CB Richard Ellis debuted on the S&P 500 and the Forbes Global 2000, and climbed to number 630 on the Fortune 1000. If Trammell Crow Company's 2006 revenues were combined with our own, we would have qualified as a Fortune 500 company and obtaining this milestone is a key goal for 2007. In March of 2007, BusinessWeek ranked CB Richard Ellis #16 in its annual BusinessWeek 50 ranking of the country's "Best in Class" companies. In addition, CB Richard Ellis was named the number one brand in commercial real estate by Lipsey Company for the sixth year in a row, and the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals named us one of the 100 top outsourcing companies worldwide. Macro Environment | We expect the commercial real estate market to continue to grow in the year ahead. For 2007, Torto Wheaton Research, our econometric forecasting subsidiary, expects U.S. office rent appreciation to accelerate due to continuing economic growth, strong space absorption and moderate new construction. U.S. office market vacancies fell by 100 basis points from year-ago levels to 12.6 percent, with even tighter supply in downtown

1% Other 6% Global Investment Management 9% Asia Pacific 23% Europe, Middle East and Africa 4% Commercial Mortgage Brokerage 6% Investment Management 7% Appraisal and Valuation 14% Property and Facilities Management

37% Leasing

62% The Americas

31% Sales

2006 Revenues by Segment

2006 Revenue Breakdown

p17

markets. Steady absorption of industrial space continues, and industrial rent growth is expected to pick up steam. Total investment in U.S. commercial real estate rose 5% to a record $310.9 billion last year, according to Real Capital Analytics. Institutional allocations to real estate remain at historically high levels, as pension funds and other investors are attracted to the steady, long-term returns available from commercial real estate investment. Debt financing remains plentiful. In 2007, supply could be boosted by the sale of assets by newly privatized REITs, which might add an additional stimulus to investment market activity. Asia Pacific finished 2006 with continued positive momentum, particularly in the office sector, as corporate expansion in the financial and banking sectors continued to fuel leasing activity and rental upswings. The increase in premium office rentals was especially pronounced in Singapore and major urban centers in India. The European economic recovery drove a healthy increase in activity in the region's major office markets in 2006. Leasing activity was particularly strong in London and Paris. Most major office markets have seen a recovery in occupier demand, which has translated into rental growth. London, Paris, Madrid and Dublin all posted doubledigit rent increases in 2006. The European investment market continued to see very high levels of cross-border capitals flows and overall investor demand. In total, transaction activity in 2006 increased more than 40% from 2005 to a record $288 billion. There has been a notable shift in sentiment toward office properties and increased appetite for specialty properties such as senior and student housing. Management and Board Changes | During the year, Jane J. Su, a partner at Blum Capital Partners, joined the Board of Directors, replacing Jeffrey Cozad. As of the closing of the Trammell Crow Company acquisition, our Board was expanded with the addition of two Trammell Crow Company leaders: Robert E. Sulentic, former director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Trammell Crow Company, and now Group President of CB Richard Ellis, responsible for our Development Services, EMEA and Asia-

Pacific segments; and Curtis F. Feeny, formerly a director of Trammell Crow Company. Redefining Global Service | We believe the outlook for 2007 is positive. CBRE continues to redefine global service by deepening our capability, expanding our global reach and increasing our market share. Last year, in the annual report, we noted that we participate in a highly fragmented industry where our overall global market share is less than 10%. With the Trammell Crow Company acquisition, we have increased our market share to just over 12% in the U.S. In 2007, we will work hard to translate these advantages into increased earnings and shareholder value. To this end, in 2007 we anticipate EPS growth of 25% to 30%, excluding one-time items. I wish to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in the Company. I am proud of all that we have accomplished in the past, and remain more energized than ever by our present position. I am especially grateful to our exceptional employees for their dedicated efforts over the past year and excited about the new talent we have added to our ranks. Working in a spirit of respect, integrity, service and excellence, our people set the standard of performance in commercial real estate services. In doing so, they elevate the standard of success for thousands of clients around the world. Sincerely,

Brett White President and Chief Executive Officer

16.2 14.4 11.3 9.6 10.1

(1)

02

03

04

05

06
(2)

Reflects leasing and sales activity for CB Richard Ellis and Trammell Crow Company combined in 2006. Total Property and Corporate Facilities under management includes space managed by Trammell Crow Company as well as affiliate and partner offices as of December 31, 2006.

Normalized EBITDA Margin

p18

