Dear Shareholder:
CBRE Group produced exceptional results in 2011.
our full-year revenue of $5.9 billion and normalized EBITDA
of $802.6 million were both the second-highest in company history. In addition:
• Net income, after adjusting for selected items, increased 39% to $334.5 million.
• Earnings per share, adjusted for selected items, rose 37% to $1.03.
• Normalized EBITDA margin improved to 13.6%.
Despite continued challenges from turbulent global economic conditions and financial volatility, nearly every
business line saw revenue accelerate at a double-digit pace. Most encouraging, even with a lack of meaningful job
growth, we saw further improvement in global leasing, which achieved record revenue of more than $1.9 billion.
CBRE also capitalized on the investment market’s revival: Global property sales revenue rose 24%. We once again
captured the #1 market position in investment sales activity in both the
united States and the united Kingdom. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue also rose strongly, increasing 39%.
With the acquisition of ING’s global securities business and real estate investment management operations in
Europe and Asia, CBRE Global Investors became the world’s leading real estate investment manager, with assets of
$94.1 billion under management at year-end. Our investment management revenue grew 31%, in part fueled by
the ING acquisitions. The ING acquisitions advanced our strategy to be the leading firm in every one of our major
business lines.
In addition, CBRE achieved a major milestone in outsourcing, crossing the $2 billion mark in revenue in 2011,
as we benefited from continued business-development successes and client relationship expansions. We signed a
record 173 long-term outsourcing contracts.
Our development subsidiary, Trammell Crow Company, demonstrated the power of CBRE’s highly diversified,
integrated platform. Led by significant development asset sales, normalized EBITDA for this business rose 51% for
the year.
Amid an uneven economic recovery, we intensified our focus on managing expenses in the second half of the year,
and took necessary steps to align our cost structure with the current market environment. We raised $1.1 billion
in new term loans in 2011, primarily to finance the ING acquisition, and maintained a leverage ratio well below
the level our lenders require, with very little debt maturing before 2015. We are thus positioned to move nimbly as
strategic opportunities arise.
As our ongoing success attests, CBRE enjoys many competitive advantages: our people, culture, unparalleled ability
to deliver best-in-class solutions for clients globally and our brand. CBRE is the most admired commercial real
estate services company, according to Fortune magazine’s 2011 survey. We were also voted the industry’s premier
global brand in both the Wall Street Journal’s subscriber survey and Lipsey Company’s brand survey. In 2011, we
aligned our corporate name with our powerful brand, and are now doing business as CBRE around the globe.
Time and again, in unpredictable markets around the world, the professionals of CBRE deliver superior results for
clients and shareholders, staying true to our values of respect, integrity, service and excellence. It is their hard work
and daily commitment to quality that has made CBRE the industry leader. As a firm, we are well prepared for the
challenges and opportunities that await us in 2012.
Regards,
Brett White
Chief Executive Officer
CBRE Group, Inc.