Shareholders' Letter
years ago, CB Richard Ellis was founded in San Francisco in the aftermath of that city's devastating earthquake. While, in some respects, today's company bears little resemblance to the one started in 1906, many of our founders' values have endured: hard work, a keen focus on employing the best people and a commitment to always making our customers' interests our first priority. As was the case in 1906, the firm also has retained a strong focus on growth and profitability. I am pleased to report that our performance in 2005 underscored our commitment to these values and objectives. Against a back-drop of favorable macro-economic trends and improved market share, we delivered record results, as the performance measures on the opposite page demonstrate. Our balance sheet has strengthened significantly, with total cash of $450 million as of December 31, 2005, and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 1.0 x. We lowered annual interest expense by almost $14 million in 2005, reflecting the reduction of longterm debt. The public equity market continued to reward our performance. Shares of CB Richard Ellis rose 75% in 2005 adding nearly $2 billion to our market capitalization. This performance exceeded the Dow Jones Industrial Average (down 0.6%); the S&P 500 (up 3%) and the Russell 1000 (up 4.4%), an index CB Richard Ellis joined on June 24, 2005. In addition, our shares out-paced our business services peers, which increased 7.5% on average. 2005 accomplishments CB Richard Ellis is increasingly recognized as the world's premier commercial real estate services firm, defining the leading edge in both the number and quality of services that can be provided to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate. In 2005 we became the first commercial real estate services company to merit inclusion on the prestigious FORTUNE 1000 list of the world's largest companies. We hold the leading market position in nearly all of the major business centers around the globe and continue to capture an increased market share. For example, during 2005, in London our office
100

leasing market share improved by 8 percentage points to 22%, according to Estates Gazette magazine. The results were equally impressive in the U.S. investment sales market. We improved our market share to 18% and stretched the distance from our nearest competitor from less than 7 points to nearly 11 points according to research firm Real Capital Analytics. A few other noteworthy accomplishments: Mortgage origination volume climbed approximately 34% from 2004's level, totaling $17.8 billion for 2005. Our efforts to offer investors integrated capital markets solutions by combining our mortgage banking and equity resources paid great dividends. Global investment management assets grew 15% during the year to more than $17 billion. In 2005, this was our fastest growing business segment, with strong margin expansion potential. We continue to capitalize on the outsourcing trend. At the end of 2005 we managed more than 820 million sq ft of property and corporate facilities around the world. Properties managed for our top 15 asset services clients have increased by 97% since 2001, and in 2005, more than 65% of our corporate services clients purchased multiple services from the company. macro environment Robust capital flows continue to support strong investment markets on a worldwide basis. Borrowing rates remain attractive and investor appetite continues to exceed the available supply. Improvement in leasing fundamentals-- increased absorption, higher base rents and reduced concessions--has taken hold around the world. For 2006 Torto Wheaton Research, our econometric forecasting subsidiary, foresees positive rent appreciation for both U.S. office and industrial space. Major Asian markets concluded 2005 on an upbeat note with strong demand for Class-A space in Tokyo, Hong Kong and Shanghai, resulting in rent increases. Europe is lagging a bit behind the United States, but nonetheless appears to be in the nascent stages of a leasing recovery.

cbre ar 05

"Today, CB Richard Ellis defines the leading edge in both the number and quality of services that can be provided to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate."

acquisitions We continued to execute on our strategy of making in-fill acquisitions to augment our service lines and strengthen our global platform, financing $100 million of acquisitions entirely with cash from operations during 2005. In Australia we purchased DTZ Queensland, one of the largest mortgage valuation companies in that country, and in January 2006, we acquired McCann Property and Planning based in Canberra, another mortgage valuation firm. These acquisitions broaden our service platform in the Pacific region. In January 2006 we also acquired a majority interest in our affiliate in Japan, IKOMA CB Richard Ellis K.K., and plan to increase our investment over time. In EMEA, we acquired Dalgleish & Company, Ltd., the leading retail services specialist in the United Kingdom, which will spearhead the growth of our retail offerings across Europe. In Ireland, we purchased the remaining outstanding shares of our 10%-owned affiliate CB Richard Ellis Gunne, giving us the leading position in this rapidly growing real estate market. We also purchased the remaining outstanding shares of our 10%-owned affiliate Easyburo SAS in France, a leader in the space fit-out and relocation services market. We are also undertaking a strategic initiative to develop our position in China. We already have a substantial presence there, and as China's real estate market continues to mature, so should our business. We are planning to open new offices in secondary cities and expand our service line offering in China to build a more robust transaction management capability that complements our already strong asset services and consulting capabilities. management and board changes During the year, Thomas Daschle, the former U.S. Senate Majority Leader, joined our Board of Directors as an independent, non-employee director, bringing the CB Richard Ellis Board to a total of 11 directors. We are fortunate to have Senator Daschle on our Board. He is a member of the corporate governance and nominating committee, and we will benefit from his invaluable experience and insight. Also during 2005, our CEO Ray Wirta implemented a
4&5

long-standing plan to retire. Ray led our company through many exciting changes, and we are quite fortunate that he has agreed to remain on our Board of Directors and serve as a member of our executive and acquisition committees. our vantage point in 2006 The outlook for 2006 is favorable. We expect to increase our market share and sustain growth consistent with our long-term objectives, including EPS growth of 15 to 20%, excluding one-time items. 2005 was an outstanding year for CB Richard Ellis, but the opportunity in front of us is even more exciting than our past success. We participate in a highly fragmented industry, and believe our overall global market share is less than 10%. We believe there is significant opportunity to increase market share, grow revenues and expand profit margins, while ensuring that CB Richard Ellis remains the employer of choice in our industry. In closing, I want to thank our shareholders for the confidence and steadfast support they've shown in our Company. Also, I am particularly proud of our employees and want to thank them for working diligently and collaboratively to deliver superior results for our clients in 2005. In our 100th year, as in our first, we know our people comprise the bedrock on which we are building our bright future. Sincerely,

brett white
President and Chief Executive Officer

