Dear fellow shareholders, As we progress into 2011, I would like to share with you the many accomplishments of our company over the past year. I have been proud of the Cabot team's ability to navigate a rapidly changing market environment and remain focused on meeting our financial targets. After one of the worst economic crises in recent memory, the 2010 recovery was dramatic. The dynamic environment required us to maintain a long-term focus on margin improvement, emerging market expansion and new business development while executing daily in the areas of safety, innovation, performance and customers. Our 2010 results are a testament to the exceptional strengths of our company and our ability to deliver upon our commitments. Our decisions over the past two years to maintain investments in key growth projects targeted at emerging markets, to actively fund high value R&D activities and to improve our manufacturing efficiency will serve us well as we continue to grow the company. In fiscal 2010, we posted earnings per share of $2.35, including $0.69 per share of charges from certain items. On an adjusted basis, we earned $3.04 per share. This is compared to a loss of $1.25 per share in 2009, including $1.38 per share of charges from certain items and discontinued operations. Our team is proud of our 2010 earnings performance as it is a record high for the company. Our financial achievement in 2010 is even more meaningful knowing it was achieved with volumes five to ten percent below our last peak earnings year. At

a high level, our success was driven by strong and rapid demand recovery in our key end markets, but also by higher margins driven by our increased discipline in both pricing and costs.
In safety, we continued to perform at a world class level, ending the year with record safety performance. Our total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was 0.33. This is a ten percent improvement from last year's TRIR of 0.36 and maintains our position in the top decile of chemical and manufacturing companies. We remain

committed to the belief that all incidents are preventable and will not be satisfied until we achieve our goal of zero incidents.
We also improved our environmental performance during the year, reducing our number of non-conformances by more than 40 percent. This remains an important strategic area for us and we are committed to being a leader in environmental standards and climate innovation for our industry. We are actively pursuing process technology developments that strive to improve our footprint and lessen our impact. We are also taking steps to engage with other leading companies in the safety, environmental and product stewardship areas. During 2010 we joined the American Chemistry Council and have embraced implementation of Responsible Care® for our operations. We issued our second global sustainability

Cabot Corporation Financial Highlights (in millions, except per share amounts) 2008 Operating Results Operating revenues Income/(loss) from continuing operations attributable to Cabot Corporation Per diluted common share Net income/(loss) attributable to Cabot Corporation Per diluted common share Financial Position Total Assets Net property, plant and equipment Stockholders' equity Adjusted return on invested capital Operating Cash Flow ($m) 400 15 2009 2010

$3,191 $86 $1.32 $86 $1.32 $2,858 $1,082 $1,359 8%

$2,243 $(77) $(1.24) $(77) $(1.25) $2,676 $1,012 $1,237 2%

$2,893 $154 $2.35 $154 $2.35 $2,886 $975 $1,417 14%

Adjusted Return on Invested Capital (%)

0 2008 2009 Fiscal Year 2010

0 2008 2009 Fiscal Year 2010

2

report and were recognized during the year by the Maplecroft Climate Innovation Index as a Benchmark and Leader for climate related innovation and carbon management programs. We also received notification from the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) that our tantalum supply chain has been verified by an independent auditor as conflict-free. For many years, Cabot has maintained a strict policy of purchasing tantalum ore only from ethical sources and we are gratified to have this external certification for our customers. W i t h i n o u r b u s i n e s s e s , we took many specific actions during the year that will allow us to continue to improve our long-term performance. We strengthened our manufacturing footprint by doubling our rubber blacks capacity in China and commissioning our masterbatch facility in Dubai. In addition, we began expansions at our carbon black operations in Indonesia and our fumed silica facility in China. We worked closely with our customers to demonstrate our

product quality, reliability and service in pursuit of our goal to become their supplier of choice.
We leveraged many of the operational efficiencies we have been implementing over the past two years, including capturing the benefit of our restructuring and more fully utilizing our unique global manufacturing platform. We commissioned several energy centers and continue the implementation of technologies for yield improvement. We once again met key technical, commercial and financial milestones in our new business development efforts and completed the acquisition of Oxonica Materials to strengthen our security business. Each of our businesses contributed to the success of the company. Core Segment In the Rubber Blacks business we increased profits through the recovery in the global tire and automotive markets, as well as higher unit margins. We continued our efforts to eliminate the effects of the contract lag volatility on our business profitability, ending 2010 with less than ten percent of our volumes subject to the time delay. This long-standing issue has now been corrected and should not have a material effect on Cabot's financials in the future.

Total Recordable Incident Rate* TRIR .5

Environmental Non-Conformances 140

0 2007 2008 2009 2010

0 2007 2008 2009 2010

Fiscal Year
* measures the number of total recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked

Fiscal Year

3

"We are a leading global specialty chemicals company with a strong portfolio of businesses, robust technologies, a broad global footprint, efficient operational capabilities, and talented people. Because of this, I have the utmost confidence in the Cabot team and its commitment to deliver increasing value to our shareholders over the coming years." ~ Patrick Prevost

Business Segments* Core: Rubber Blacks, Supermetals Performance: Fumed Metal Oxides, PPBG Specialty Fluids New Business: Inkjet Colorants, Aerogel, Superior MicroPowders

Business Model Niche commodity Specialty Service High growth

Focus costs, raw materials, process sales, application development, marketing technical service, sales research & development, marketing

*For a description of Cabot businesses, please refer to our 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

4

The Supermetals business benefited from a substantial improvement in electronics industry demand and from the strategic work we have done over the past two years to reposition it to be more competitive. We shifted our focus from cash flow management to profitability growth during 2010, and, by year end, Supermetals was a strong contributor to the company's results. Performance Segment In the Performance Segment, demand recovery in the global automotive, infrastructure and electronics markets and higher margins significantly increased profitability. Our high performing products and close customer relationships

are key to our success and critical to our ability to be rewarded for the exceptional value we bring to our customers' applications.
New Business Segment In the New Business Segment, a 31 percent increase in revenues and continued discipline in our new business development process allowed us to substantially expand profitability. During the year we posted three consecutive quarters of positive EBIT performance and are well positioned to build on our success in 2011. Specialty Fluids Segment A high level of drilling activity in the North Sea and higher prices allowed the Specialty Fluids Segment to increase profitability during 2010. We remain focused on expanding our geographic reach in this business and bringing our unique, high performance and environmentally sound product and service model to areas outside of the North Sea. F ro m a c o r p o r a t e p e r s p e c t i v e , we increased our already strong cash and liquidity position during 2010. We ended the year with $387 million in cash and were successful at negotiating a new $450 million revolving credit facility. Our longterm strategic approach to managing the company's balance sheet will be critical for our growth in the coming years. We look to 2011, "The Year of Chemistry", with a sense of optimism that has been validated by our performance in 2010. During the coming year, we will shift our focus to profitable growth. We are a leading global specialty chemicals company with a strong portfolio of businesses, robust technologies, a broad global footprint, efficient operational capabilities, and talented people. Because of this, I have the utmost confidence in the Cabot team and its commitment to deliver increasing value to our shareholders over the coming years. I look forward to our continued progress and thank you for your investment. Respectfully,

Patrick M. Prevost President and Chief Executive Officer

5

