 Dear fellow shareholders,
In 2011, for the second straight year, the Cabot team delivered record earnings. We achieved our goal of $3 adjusted earnings per share (EPS)—and we delivered on this commitment a full year ahead of schedule. We also set a new goal of $4.50 adjusted earnings per share in 2014, while maintaining an adjusted return on invested capital in excess of 13%. This new commitment affirms the high expectations of performance that you have for us, and we have for ourselves.
Ultimately, we are committed to building a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company that performs well in all market conditions. The manner in which we achieved our results in 2011 demonstrates we are making progress in becoming that kind of company. We showed strong teamwork, increased our efficiency in many areas, and remained disciplined in the implementation of our strategy, which focuses on long-term growth through margin improvement, emerging market expansion, new business development, and portfolio management.
I am most proud of our people, who have been successfully executing this strategy through a commitment to excellence in the areas of safety and sustainability, innovation and technology, financial performance, and customer relationships.
I will now review with you our fiscal year 2011 accomplishments in greater detail.
In safety, we continued to perform at world-class levels in 2011, and we main- tained our leadership position among our peer group, with a Total Recordable Incident Rate of 0.35. Our most important safety accomplishment in 2011 was reducing the severity rate of injuries, which decreased by one-third. We maintain our belief that all accidents are preventable, and that we cannot be satisfied with our performance until we achieve our goal of zero incidents. We also firmly believe that a company’s safety performance is a strong indicator of a company’s culture of excellence. Hence, our
    Total Recordable Incident Rate* (TRIR)
* measures the number of total recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked
.5 .4 .3
00 2008 2009 2010 2011
Environmental Non-Conformances* (ENCs)
100 * a reportable spill or release, notice of violation, public
   80 60 40 20
complaint, or certain permit deviations
2008 2009 2010 2011
           Fiscal Year
Fiscal Year
   
  industry-leading performance in safety is representative of our performance in many other areas of the company as well.
Sustainability is an area where Cabot is becoming even stronger. Our carbon black product has prolonged the life of tires by thousands of miles, and we continue to develop higher performance products. Today, we’re developing new applica- tions that conserve energy, such as our aerogel products for insulation, and help enable new energy alternatives, such as fumed silica adhesives for windmill blades. In our operations, we’re actively reducing our carbon footprint. We are investing significantly in new processes that will reduce our energy use and maximize the heat recovery of our new operations. At Cabot, we don’t see a trade-off between sustainability and profitability. When we improve our energy consumption or reduce our carbon footprint, we generate savings that go directly to our bottom line. Further, we believe that leading in sustainability will give us a technical and financial advantage over our competitors. We also seek to provide even greater transparency to our external constituents about Cabot’s impact on the environment. This year, we issued our first-ever GRI- certified Sustainability Report for fiscal years 2010 and 2011, and we participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) for the third straight year.
Our financial performance in 2011 confirms a new level of earnings capability. We delivered a record EPS of $3.57 and an adjusted ROIC (return on invested capital) of 16%. Our strategic focus on margin improvement continues to be a critical driver of performance, exemplified by our year-over-
year increase in total segment earnings. Despite rising raw material costs, we maintained a healthy balance sheet throughout the year, which enables us to continue to invest in future growth. In the area of portfolio management, we recently sold our Supermetals business and its excess inventory for a minimum of $450 million. This divestiture will have a positive effect on our earnings stability and the pro- ceeds will support new growth initiatives for the company.
An important driver for our future growth is innovation. Our innovation philosophy is captured by the words imagine, create and monetize, reflecting the need to drive new ideas that deliver financial performance. In fumed silica product development, we’ve designed two next-generation adhesive products that will help us win in the windmill market and with broader adhesives applications. At our carbon black facilities, we are mak- ing progress in improving our yield and implementing more energy efficiency technologies. We are also developing opportunities to leverage our commercial and technical capabilities through our “scouting” activities. Among our many
    Fiscal Year 2009 2010 2011
     Cabot Corporation Financial Highlights
(in millions, except per share amounts)
Operating Results
Operatingrevenues............. $2,108 Net income/(loss) attributable toCabotCorporation..............$(77)
Per diluted common share . . . . . . $(1.25)
Financial Position
TotalAssets................... $2,676 Net property, plant and equipment . . . $972 Stockholders’equity............ $1,237 Adjusted return on invested capital . . . . 2%
Total Segment EBIT* ($m)
* includesfinancial results of Supermetals business divested in January 2012
$2,716 $3,102 $154 $236
$2.35 $3.57
2009
2010
2011
Adjusted Return on Invested Capital* (%)
2009
0   100   200   300   400   500
2
 “The main focus of our reduction efforts continues to be investment in energy centers at carbon black manufacturing facilities. These energy centers, fueled by waste tail gases, produce steam and/or electricity for our operations, our industrial neighbors, and the surrounding community.” from Sustainability Matters, Cabot Corporation’s 2010/2011 sustainability report
     $2,886 $3,141
$937 $1,036 2010
$1,417 $1,616 14% 16%
2011
0 5 10 15 20

  projects, we are developing graphenes for industrial applica- tions and have commercialized materials for energy storage and battery applications.
We remain committed to strengthening our relationships with our customers and partners, and are helping them grow their businesses throughout the world—particularly in emerg- ing markets. We extended our long-term relationship with our fence-line partner Dow Corning, in Barry, Wales, and made excellent progress supplying masterbatch materials to cus- tomers from our new capacity in the Middle East. We also made a number of capital investments in 2011 to expand our capacity in emerging markets. These investments will deliver volume and earnings growth in 2012 and beyond. We have a number of new installations that have already been commis- sioned or will come on line in the near future to support our customers’ growing needs. Included are: our new master- batch plant in Tianjin, China, our new fumed silica expansion in Jiangxi, China, our Indonesia carbon black facility debottle- neck, and our new inkjet colorants line in Haverhill, Mass., all planned to start up in 2012. We also successfully formed a new joint venture with Risun, a leading Chinese chemical company, to build our third rubber blacks plant in China. Finally, our aerogel products have been included in innovative building materials launched by our customers Rockwool
and Sto.
In Information Technology, we successfully completed the upgrade of our ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system without any disruption to our customers, our opera-
tions or our financial reporting. Also, our new Europe, Middle East, and Africa headquarters in Schaffhausen, Switzerland, has reached full opera- tional status.
In 2011, we sought to continue strengthening our corporate culture, as well as our relationships with the communities in which we operate. We successfully refreshed our Cabot Values, which are the things we will not compromise on as employees. We share Integrity, Respect, Excellence, and Responsibility as the guiding princi- ples for how we interact with each other and with the outside world, underscoring that the manner in which we achieve our results is as important as the results themselves. We also established a global frame- work for talent management, which included introducing a set of employee development principles, and launching a Developing Leaders program for all supervisors. In our communities, the Cabot Corporation Foundation committed approxi- mately $1.5 million to support a
   Applications
3
 “We are constantly focused on strengthening our customer relationships. Understanding our customers’ markets, ensuring high quality and supply reliability, and having a broad geographic footprint are all key elements in our goal to be a supplier of choice.” from Sustainability Matters, Cabot Corporation’s 2010/2011 sustainability report
    Business Segments*
Core............................ Performance......................
SpecialtyFluids.................... NewBusiness.....................
Businesses
RubberBlacks................
FumedMetalOxides........... Performance Products
SpecialtyFluids...............
InkjetColorants,Aerogel....... Superior MicroPowders,
Elastomer Composites
tires,industrialrubberproducts
adhesives,sealants,silicones, coatings, plastics
oilandgaswelldrillingand completion fluids
inkjetprinting,specialtyinsulation, subsea pipelines, security materials, elastomer composites
 *For a description of Cabot’s businesses, please refer to our 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

        “We remain committed to strengthening our relationships with our customers and partners, and are helping them grow their businesses throughout the world—particularly in emerging markets. We extended our long-term relationship with our fence-line partner Dow Corning, in Barry, Wales, and made excellent progress supplying masterbatch materials to customers from our new capacity in the Middle East.” Patrick Prevost

5
  wide range of programs aimed at improving science and technology literacy, as well as health and human services.
Looking ahead, we see great opportunity in 2012 and beyond.
Our products and services are well positioned to meet the world’s demand for lighter weight automobiles, alternative energy sources, increased transportation and infra- structure needs, and much more. We are confident in our ability to meet our long-term target of $4.50 adjusted earnings per share in 2014, while maintaining an adjusted return on invested capital in excess of 13%.
We look forward to the challenges ahead and we are committed to delivering value to our shareholders. In 2012, we will continue to execute our strategy, and stay focused on strengthening our long-term portfolio while delivering results every day. Thank you for your continued investment in Cabot.
Sincerely yours,
Patrick Prevost
President and Chief Executive Officer
    In 2011, Cabot published its first sustainability report within the Global Reporting Initiative's comprehensive Sustainability Reporting Framework, which is now widely used around the world. This framework helps promote greater transparency in reporting sustainability performance—and is consistent with our values of Integrity and Responsibility. The report outlines the advances we have made in the past two years in reducing our emissions, improving our safety performance, and creating new products and processes that will contribute to sustainability performance in multiple industries around the world. For the complete report, please visit www.cabotcorp.com.
 