                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The year 2005 was a very difficult one for the company financially, and while we find the financial performance unacceptable, there were some very positive developments that we believe position the company for success.
We remained true to our strategy of creating shareholder value by generating cash from the operations of our core product lines within Carbon Black, Metal Oxides, and Cabot Supermetals, and by investing in ourselves — in research and development, regional growth, and in Inkjet Colorants, Aerogel, and Cabot Specialty Fluids.
In 2005, we reported a net loss of $0.84 per diluted common share, primarily as a result of two large write-offs in the Supermetals business. We also had disappointing earnings in Carbon Black due to rapidly rising feedstock costs in the second half of the year. These negative results were offset to some degree by the strong financial performance of Inkjet Colorants (a product line within our Carbon Black business) and Specialty Fluids, and by continued strong earnings in Fumed Metal Oxides.
The write-offs in Supermetals, which covered both goodwill and long-lived assets, arose because of weak business conditions in the electronics market, the expiration of
the fixed-price, fixed-volume portion of our contracts with customers and our ore supply arrangement with Sons of Gwalia. This business has performed exceptionally well over the last five years, but it is facing a much more challenging environment in the next few years.
2

                We are working hard to reposition the cost structure of the business in order to improve our competitive position and made significant strides in this direction in 2005. Furthermore,
we continue to deliver the highest quality and technically advanced tantalum powders in the world. We are building on these efforts in the current fiscal year.
Carbon Black had a strong year of volume growth, which was offset by rapidly increasing energy prices. This resulted in a significant reduction in margins in the last two fiscal quarters of the year. Over time, we expect to return to more normal margins as energy prices stabilize and we are able to recover higher feedstock costs. We are very encouraged by the growth in volume, and are pleased with our capacity expansion efforts in South America and China. While Carbon Black had its challenges this year, it continues to create a very solid platform on which to execute our strategy.
The company achieved significant improvement in our safety record. We made excellent progress in our efforts to eliminate all injuries that occur in any of our facilities worldwide by achieving a total recordable incident rate of .47, which is the lowest rate the company has ever attained and among the very best of all global chemical companies. The safety and well-being of our employees and contractors remain our number one priority and we will not be satisfied until we are able to operate our business without anyone
being injured while working in our plants and other facilities.
We continue to be very excited about the current performance of, and growth opportunities for, our core product lines in the developing world. Cabot China, in particular, had an excellent year with strong volume growth, and solid profitability and cash generation. We are in the process of building a new carbon black plant in Tianjin, China, which will have two large rubber blacks units and a smaller unit for the production of performance products grades. We are also in the process of building a fumed silica plant in Jiangxi Province in China. Both of these facilities should be producing product before the end of the 2006 fiscal year and will significantly expand our presence in this important growth area. We are very fortunate to have a strong and capable management team on the ground in China and they are doing an excellent job of growing our business there.
Inkjet Colorants had a strong year with growth in both revenue and profits of approximately 30 percent. The use of our treated carbon black and other pigments is expanding as more and more printers utilizing our materials are introduced into the market. We are very enthusiastic about the possibility that our treated pigments will enable inkjet
3

                printers to penetrate into higher-speed and higher-quality printing segments, which could substantially increase the potential market for our products. We believe Inkjet Colorants is poised to become a significant contributor to the overall value of the company.
Our Specialty Fluids business made excellent progress during the year, with revenues and profits of approximately $40 million and $17 million, respectively, in fiscal year 2005. This growth was fueled by the increased use of our cesium formate drilling
fluids in the North Sea. The fluids continue to perform exceptionally well in all applications. We are working hard to expand the business into other regions that have high-pressure, high-temperature applications, and believe that we will continue to see growth in the use
of our products in the years ahead.
In November, after the end of the fiscal year, we acquired 100 percent ownership of Showa Cabot K.K., a company that operates two carbon black plants in Japan. This had been a joint venture in which we previously owned 50 percent. We are delighted to have
the ability to operate these plants as part of our worldwide network of carbon black facilities, and we extend a warm welcome to our new Japanese employees.
“We are fortunate to have strong technology platforms, employees
who are both capable and dedicated to the company’s success,
stable core businesses, and a rich pipeline of new opportunities.” Ken Burnes Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
The development work being performed by Cabot Superior MicroPowders is providing several new product and business opportunities. We have launched business initiatives in fuel cells and printed electronic displays, which we believe will present growth opportunities for the company in the long term.
Aerogel made significant progress in 2005 in increasing throughput in our manu- facturing facility in Germany. The enhanced manufacturing capability, increased use of aerogel, and new application development activities by customers are positive indicators of future success.
Fumed Metal Oxides continued its steady performance, contributing stable earnings and cash flow in support of Cabot’s strategy. The product line grew its market position in China and will open the first world-scale fumed silica manufacturing facility in that country in 2006.
4

                We continue to believe that we are well positioned to execute our strategy in the future by generating cash in our core product lines and investing in the growth of our new opportunities and developing regions.
We are fortunate to have strong technology platforms, employees who are both capable and dedicated to the company’s success, stable core product lines, and a rich pipeline of new opportunities.
I want to recognize all employees of the company for their excellent work during this most difficult year. It is also necessary to acknowledge a sad event that took place
at the end of our fiscal year — the closing of our carbon black plant in Australia. This plant, which was forced to close by the loss of its feedstock supply and the declining market
for carbon black in Australia, had long been one of our excellent facilities and was operated by some wonderful and highly capable people, who are close and dear friends. We will miss their excellent skills, wonderful sense of humor and their contributions as members
of the “Cabot family.”
Thank you to all of our shareholders for your investment in our company and your support. We are all looking forward to the future with optimism and enthusiasm.
Kennett F. Burnes
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
