  China
South America
For Cabot, fiscal year 2007 was a year of signifi- cant accomplishments. Our earnings reached a ten year high of $1.90
per share driven by strong volumes in our Carbon Black, Metal Oxides and Specialty Fluids businesses. In addition, our long term strategy of expanding our presence in the developing
To our shareholders
   Europe
North America Asia Pacific
2007 Total Revenue = $2.6 billion
world produced strong returns particularly in China where the performance of the Carbon Black and Metal Oxides businesses produced excellent results. Our new business development efforts continued on course with solid progress shown in Specialty Fluids and Superior MicroPowders. Offsetting these accomplishments were the weakness of our earnings in the last half of the year driven largely by the rapid rise in energy prices and the impact of the rise on our businesses, as well as difficult business conditions in the Supermetals business and some short term volume weakness in our Inkjet Colorants product line. Overall the company ended the year in very solid condition and is strongly positioned to prosper as energy prices stabilize.
During the year, we announced an expansion of our car- bon black facility in the Tianjin Economic Technical Development Area (TEDA). Cabot Chemical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., a joint venture with Shanghai Coking Chemical Company, will invest approximately $65 mil- lion to construct two additional rubber blacks units, increasing the nameplate capacity of the plant to approxi- mately 250,000 metric tons. The existing rubber blacks units at the facility are operating at full capacity, and the expansion will allow Cabot to support the growing demand in the China market.
Our safety, health and environmental (SH&E) perform- ance continues to be a priority. Our global total recordable
 
  ÒI am most proud of the values-based culture of this company that allows us to operate worldwide with confidence in our people, our processes and our products.Ó
Ken Burnes Chairman
incident rate was .43, which again places Cabot in the top tier of performance among our peers and our cus- tomers. Our efforts to achieve zero safety incidents, known in the company as our Drive to Zero initiative, started with a safety focus in 2004 and has now extended to environmental non-conformances, leaks and process safety events. Each year we raise the SH&E performance expectations as we become more and more convinced that the goal of zero incidents is achievable in safety and environmental areas. Nine of our manufacturing facilities have achieved a record of zero recordable injuries for more than four years and 15 facilities have gone at least one year without an environmental non-conformance. I am proud of our continued excellence in SH&E and have learned that without passion and day-to-day com- mitment by everyone in the organization, this excellence would not be achievable. People need to know and feel everyday that you are dedicated to their personal safety at work and in the community, and this level of organi- zational knowledge is essential in growing that commit- ment year after year. We are dedicated to SH&E excel- lence at Cabot. It is who we are. It is the right thing
to do.
We did make the difficult decision to close our carbon black plant in Waverly, West Virginia. This decision, driven by the continued decline in carbon black demand in the United States due to tire plant closings, hopefully will enable us to lower our costs and maintain our com- petitiveness. These decisions are particularly difficult due to the pain they cause the wonderful people who have run the plant over the years. Our employees in Waverly have long been some of the very best in the company and we wish them the very best in the future.
The year 2007 marked the 125th year that Cabot has been in business. Such an anniversary is today uncom- mon in American business and one that we honor and celebrate. It is a testament to the decades of hard work
03 04 05 06 07
03 04 05 06 07
and high standards that began with the Cabot family and continue to thrive in our company today.
Since I will retire from Cabot in March 2008, this is my last shareholders' letter as Chairman of Cabot. It has been my privilege to work with an exceptional group of people from all over the world, many of whom have become close friends during my 20 years with the com- pany. These friendships, along with the memories of my travels, cause me to be very thankful for the opportuni- ties that I have had with Cabot.
As I reflect on my career at Cabot, the challenges and opportunities that shaped our strategy and success have been both difficult and energizing. I am most proud of the values-based culture of this company that allows
us to operate worldwide with confidence in our people, our processes and our products. Knowing the right thing to do is the foundation of what we have accomplished together.
I wish my successor, Patrick Prevost, all the best as he begins his career at Cabot. He has had an extensive
and successful management career in the global chemical industry. I know that he will have the commitment and dedication of the managers and employees of this won- derful company and that he will benefit from the endur- ing culture that supports and energizes it each day.
Sincerely,
Ken Burnes Chairman
Reportable Spills
   4
Recordable Incident Rate
        