                                 John F. Brock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
A Refreshed Operating Framework Guides
Our Work To Create Shareowner Value
Every day, the people of Coca-Cola Enterprises work diligently and skillfully to build our business and create value for our company, for our customers, and for our shareowners.
In our production plants, in our sales centers, and in the marketplace, our people seize opportunities to create value, drive improved effectiveness and efficiency, serve their customers and communities, and importantly, build on the heritage of some of the worldÕs greatest brands.
Guiding their work is our operating framework, a clear statement that defines who we are, what we aspire to, and how we will achieve it. This framework has guided our decisions and actions, and helped create a foundation for our work and the success we have achieved against our primary goal Ð creating value for our shareowners. We refreshed this framework in 2014, giving us an enhanced focus that reflects the dynamic environment in which we operate. This framework includes our vision: Be the best beverage sales and service company, and our mission: Delight our consumers and drive growth for our customers while proudly supporting our communities every day.
Three key elements will enable us to achieve these objectives:
¥ Lead category value growth;
¥ Excel at serving our customers with world-class capabilities; and ¥ Drive an inclusive and passionate culture.
Importantly, at the heart of this framework is our commitment to sustainability leadership and our commitment to win in partnership with The Coca-Cola Company.
        2014 ANNUAL REPORT 1
          
                                                   Vision
BE THE BEST
BEVERAGE SALES & SERVICE COMPANY
Mission
DELIGHT OUR CONSUMERS AND DRIVE GROWTH FOR OUR CUSTOMERS WHILE PROUDLY SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES EVERY DAY
To Be The Best We Will
Our Results and Outlook
Throughout 2014, we faced a combination of challenges, including persistent macroeconomic softness, an evolving customer and consumer landscape, and a dynamic competitive environment. While these factors affected growth and continue to impact our outlook for 2015, we adjusted our plans, focused on generating strong free cash flow, and achieved our earnings per share growth objective.
In 2014, we achieved comparable earnings per diluted share of $2.85, growth of approximately 131Ú2 percent from a year ago, or 11 percent on a comparable and currency-neutral basis.
Full-year net sales totaled $8.3 billion, up 1Ú2 percent on
a reported basis, or down 1Ú2 percent on a currency-neutral basis. Free cash flow for 2014 totaled $677 million.
For full-year 2015, we expect earnings per diluted share to grow in a range of 6 percent to 8 percent on a comparable and currency-neutral basis. We expect net sales and operating income to be slightly positive, both on a comparable and currency-neutral basis.
We also remain focused on generating cash from operations and optimizing our capital structure. These two areas pro- vide the ability to invest in our business and to return cash to shareowners.
The Path Forward Ð A Clear Focus on Innovation
In past years, we have demonstrated our ability to manage each of the levers of our business effectively to grow shareowner value.
We continue to face ongoing macroeconomic issues,
an evolving customer environment, and changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Given these conditions, it is essential that we ensure that our business adapts to these changing parameters.
                         SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP inspires us and creates value
LEAD CATEGORY VALUE GROWTH
EXCEL AT SERVING OUR CUSTOMERS WITH WORLD-CLASS CAPABILITIES
DRIVE AN INCLUSIVE & PASSIONATE CULTURE
We win together with THE COCA-COLA COMPANY
      DELIVER CONSISTENT LONG-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH
Values
ACCOUNTABLE ¥ CUSTOMER-FOCUSED ¥ TEAM-DRIVEN
              2
COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES, INC.
CCE Operating Framework
Creating Shareowner Value
Our framework provides a clear path as we continue to manage each element of our business Ð our brand offerings, customer service, operations, investments, and our capital structure Ð with a clear goal of reigniting top- and bottom-line growth and ultimately, continuing to deliver value for our shareowners.
In fact, since the creation of Coca-Cola Enterprises four years ago, we have returned approximately $8 billion to shareowners through one-time cash distributions, share repurchase and dividends, including approximately $1.2 billion in 2014.
We will continue this focus and expect to return approximately $850 million to shareowners in 2015 through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. This represents approximately 8 percent of our recent market capitalization.
Importantly, as we work to deliver on our commitment to drive shareowner value, we will continue to gauge each business decision, including merger and acquisition opportunities, by the value it would create for shareowners versus alternatives, such as returning cash to shareowners.

                                   ÒWe must improve our companyÕs growth outlook. It is essential we adapt and work beyond the impact of the operating challenges we continue to face.Ó
Accomplishing this requires a commitment to innovation in every area of our business. We must continue improving our customer service, making our supply chain more effective, and creating products and packages that meet changing consumer preferences.
Our plans for 2015 reflect our commitment to innovation, as well as the impact of ongoing marketplace and macroeconomic challenges. We have several key initiatives, including:
¥ Building on the popularity of our core brands, such as the expansion of Coca-Cola Life across our markets;
¥ Seizing opportunities in growth areas, notably the energy category, the discount and convenience channels, and digital sales;
¥ Executing against focused marketplace strategies, including brand and package innovation and expanding our presence in high-value immediate consumption channels, and;
¥ Maximizing the effectiveness of our systems and our people while continuing to provide world-class service to our customers.
Brand and Package Innovation
Our brand portfolio Ð anchored by our flagship Coca-Cola trademark brand Ð includes new products such as Coca-Cola Life, Finley, and smartwater, as well as new packages and multi-pack combinations. This type of innovation is essential as we work to improve our outlook for top-line growth.
To build on the advantages of our core brands, we are working closely with The Coca-Cola Company to enhance each aspect of our connection with our customers and consumers. This includes targeted programs to improve our in-market presence and create a closer link between consumers and our brands.
In addition, specific initiatives will strengthen support of individual core brands, including Coca-Cola Zero, Fanta, and Sprite. We will also continue the expansion of new products such as Coca-Cola Life and Finley. In energy, we are building on our partnership with Monster and leveraging our multi-brand strategy to continue to grow in this high-value segment.
Innovation in the Marketplace
Our marketplace strategies reflect a broad, innovative approach, encompassing both the home and cold channels, and enable price point flexibility across the breadth of our portfolio to provide enhanced value for all consumer occasions.
For example, in the home channel we are implementing price and package diversification strategies including new initiatives for large PET, new value-building multi-packs, and Òsmall basketÓ PET packages and multi-pack cans.
We are also working with our customers to enhance our position in the rapidly growing online channel. While total digital sales today are relatively small, this is a growing segment of the marketplace. We are working to create a solid presence for our brands and products across all digital platforms.
In cold channels, we are focusing on ways to increase visibility and enhance our presence with consumers. This includes more store-front coolers, new vending fronts, and more focused outlet activation.
Our Systems and Our People
Finally, we continue to maximize effectiveness while fully supporting our customers with high levels of service. This is a broad program that continues to focus on a combination of category planning, shopper insight, and supply chain efficiency.
At the heart of this effort Ð and at the heart of our day-to-day success Ð are the people who work directly with our customers.
2014 ANNUAL REPORT 3

  Our goal is to provide the tools, technology, and leadership to allow them to maximize their own potential, and in turn, create an even more agile and effective organization.
For example, we are implementing a new Digital Workplace initiative that includes state-of-the-art technologies, enabling our employees to communicate, collaborate and work faster and more effectively with each other and with our customers.
In total, these programs and initiatives are the foundation of our work to return to a level of sustained operating growth that will drive shareowner value.
Sustainability Is Essential to Our Success
Going forward, we remain fully committed to sustainability. There is a solid business case for our corporate responsibility and sustainability work, particularly at a time when our category and our industry are under scrutiny.
In fact, we have already reduced our absolute carbon footprint Ð that is, the carbon we use in our manufacturing, transportation and cold drinks processes Ð by 25 percent from 2007 levels, significantly outpacing our target of a 15 percent reduction
by 2020.
One of the major factors driving this reduction is our investment in energy-efficient lines and next-generation cold drink equipment, which has improved our energy-use ratio by 18 percent since 2007. We also have the most water-efficient operations in the Coca-Cola system.
Importantly, Coca-Cola Enterprises is being recognized as a sustainability leader, not just within the Coca-Cola system, but across other industries as well. We are ranked as the worldÕs 26th most sustainable company according to the Corporate Knights Global 100. This reflects our view that sustainability is a central element of our business that supports our communities and ultimately creates value. We will be updating our sustainability plan this year and look forward to driving even more success in the future.
Building for the Future
We must improve our companyÕs growth outlook. It is essential we adapt and work beyond the impact of the operating challenges we continue to face.
We are committed to improving our outlook for top-line and bottom-line growth. And we are confident in our strategies and the strengths of our company.
These strengths include our solid partnership with The Coca-Cola Company. We are working closely together on brand and operating initiatives, all with a goal of executing a shared vision that will generate sustained, value-building growth in our territories.
Our strengths also include our proven ability to generate solid free cash flow, optimize our balance sheet, and adapt to changing operating conditions. These abilities are made possible through our operating strategies and, importantly, the skill and dedication of our employees.
Together, these strengths give us confidence in our ability to achieve our most important objective Ð creating shareowner value.
John F. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               4 C
O
C
  CA-CO
OLA
A E
EN
NT
TE
ER
RPRI
IS
SE
S
,
, I
IN
NC
C.
.
            