 Letter to Our Shareowners
In 2003, we took another important step toward our objective of growing value for Coca-Cola Enterprises’ shareowners by building on our strong performance of 2002 with improved results in virtually every area of financial measurement. Last year, we achieved significantly higher earnings per share, strong free cash flow, an improved return on invested capital, and lower net debt levels.
   Bolstered by a strong emphasis on revenue man- agement and improved efficiency, our 2003 net income totaled $674 million, or $1.46 per diluted common share. Though these reported results included favorable tax and operating items with a net 14-cent per share benefit, our comparable earnings per share still increased 28 percent to $1.32. Operat- ing income grew 9 percent on a comparable basis to $1.49 billion. Favorable interest rate and currency trends also positively contributed to our perform- ance. Our higher level of profitability enabled us to generate free cash flow* of approximately $700 mil- lion, up more than $300 million from a year ago, which we used to reduce our net debt levels.
Our company is built on a more than 100-year heritage of successfully bottling and selling Coca-Cola products, and today we continue to see tremendous opportunities to grow and improve our business. In fact, we firmly believe our company’s future is as bright and prosperous as it has ever been.
There are many reasons for our optimism. We know, for example, that people are not less thirsty today than they were five or 50 years ago. The need and demand for a moment of refreshment has never been greater. We know there are not only more bev- erage consumers in North America and western Europe, but also more occasions. We know we are solidly positioned in a growing market sector with *Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations less capital expenditures.
the world’s best and most popular beverage brands, the world’s best bottling system, and a world-class team of employees and managers.
FOCUS ON VALUE CREATION
Today’s opportunities – and today’s challenges – are created by the changing demands of today’s consumers, and the changing dynamics of today’s marketplace. We are working to seize these oppor- tunities with the benefit of an unmatched total beverage brand portfolio and a new strategic direc- tion in revenue management that fully implements the principles of sound value creation. We believe this direction will heighten our ability to benefit from the strength of our brands and generate long-term, sustainable profit growth.
This clear focus on revenue management is based on a strong commitment to improving pricing dis- cipline throughout our company. Our pricing efforts in 2003, with net revenue per case up 2 percent in North America and 21⁄2 percent in Europe, marked our fifth consecutive year of pricing growth.
As we and our customers continue to benefit from the value captured by revenue management, it is important for us to remember that simply deciding to raise prices will not guarantee our success. To that end, Coca-Cola Enterprises and the manage- ment of The Coca-Cola Company are united in
1

2
 Letter to Our Shareowners
   our belief that, as a system, we must continue to shift our focus from volume to value and change our respective cultures accordingly. In fact, in the last half of 2003, we jointly embarked on a detailed effort to identify ideas and methods that will allow us to work better together in creating a more trans- parent, efficient system driven by value creation and sustained profitability. This effort will continue in 2004 as we begin to implement initiatives that will fuel continued improvement in our performance.
To benefit fully from this renewed commitment to value, we’ve identified four key areas that are essen- tial to our long-term success:
• We will create value by strengthening our existing
brands, by building new brands with solid marketing efforts and continued product and package innovation, and by improving our outstanding day-to-day exe- cution in the marketplace;
• We will capture the value we cre- ate with enhanced revenue man- agement principles throughout our company;
• We will continue to improve our already outstand- ing customer service, making it even easier for our customers to do business with us;
• We will operate our company at every level in the most efficient manner possible, exploring every opportunity within our company and as a system, thus freeing up system resources to drive growth by reinvesting against our brands.
BUILDING OUR BRANDS WITH INNOVATION
As we look at our brand portfolio, we must empha- size the importance of continued package and product innovation on our growth opportunities now and in the future. In 2003 for example, we saw the benefits created by Fridge Pack, which we rolled out in most North American markets. This innovative take-home package proved popular with
consumers, and its perceived value enhanced our ability to generate additional unit profitability at the retail level. In 2004 we will continue to test fur- ther package innovations, such as smaller, 390-ml PET bottles for certain immediate consumption channels and 12-ounce PET bottle Fridge Packs for certain future consumption channels. In Europe, we will continue our initiatives with “slim cans” and “share size” PET bottles.
We also were able to reignite growth in our lemon- lime category with the successful introduction of Sprite Remix last summer, again demonstrating how brand innovation creates excitement among consumers and drives incremental growth. We have
plans for additional soft drink inno- vation in 2004, such as the full introduction of a line of Minute Maid light juice drinks.
Our diet portfolio, which includes the industry’s most popular diet brands, contributed significantly to our performance for the year and will, we believe, remain a primary
source of growth. In fact, we moved forward in early 2004 with the addition of diet Coke with lime, which we believe will be a popular extension of our diet portfolio. Last year, we achieved growth in our North American diet portfolio of more than 5 per- cent, in part due to the excellent performance of diet Vanilla Coke and diet Cherry Coke, as well as diet Coke. The success of our diet portfolio, coupled with continued volume growth of our Dasani water brand, enabled us to maintain constant volume in North America while overcoming the extraordi- nary volume hurdles created by the introduction of Vanilla Coke in 2002.
Our North American water business continued to thrive with volume up more than 12 percent in 2003. During the year, we worked to expand our presence in the high-margin immediate consump- tion channel, which represents more than 60 percent
 We are solidly positioned in a growing market sector with the world’s best and most popular beverage brands.

 Letter to Our Shareowners
   of our total water business. We also continued to build equity in the Dasani brand with significant package innovations and enhanced marketplace execution strategies. Enhanced brand equity is essen- tial in maintaining Dasani’s mid-tier price point as the water segment continues to be highly competitive. Long term, we believe our three-
tier water strategy, featuring Evian in the premium category, Dasani as a mid-tier water, and Dannon brands at the value level, leaves us well- positioned to meet the challenges of changing market conditions.
We continued to grow our busi- ness in Europe in 2003, with volume up 51⁄2 percent for the year. A major- ity of this growth resulted from product innovation introduced since 2000, including the 2003 success of both Vanilla Coke and diet Coke with lemon. This ongoing innovation provides momentum for increases in our core Coca-Cola trademark brands, and with Fanta and Sprite. Our volume also was enhanced by record summer heat throughout Europe, which helped create the strongest summer selling season our system has seen.
Our most important brand inno-
vation in Europe in 2004 will be in
the water category, with the intro-
duction of our Dasani brand in both France and Great Britain. Our strategy, which will also include relaunching the recently acquired Chaudfontaine water brand in Belgium, will allow us to improve our presence efficiently in the highly competitive European water segment and better serve our cus- tomers with a more complete beverage portfolio. We believe this will create positive, long-term bene- fits for our business.
IMPROVING INTERACTION WITH CUSTOMERS
More than just innovating with new brands, we are also improving the way we bring our products to market and the way we interact with our customers. We’ve made good progress over the past several years to better meet the needs of our customers, but
much more work remains. Meeting this objective requires prompt action to deal with the changes created by the continued consolidation in the retail industry. Already, we’ve very successfully worked with Coca-Cola North America to merge our customer management organizations into a single unit. This change has been vital in dealing with the challenges of consolidation, and enables us to speak much more clearly as a sys- tem when we introduce important new brands, brand extensions, and packages, and implement our rev- enue management strategies. We are simplifying our operating struc- ture in North America in an effort to further improve customer service
and efficiency.
We face an emerging challenge
with the public’s heightened con- cern over health and wellness issues. Consumers are demanding more beverage choices, and we
must have readily available the products and pack- ages to accommodate these changing wants and needs. This is particularly important in the educa- tion channel, where we have embarked on a “Your Power to Choose” initiative that enables education customers to decide which brands and products best fit their individual needs. With a portfolio that includes juices and juice drinks, refreshment brands
  Four Keys to
Our Success:
We will build strong, prosperous brands with marketing, innovation, and outstanding marketplace execution.
We will capture value with enhanced revenue management philosophies.
We will continue to improve our already outstanding customer service.
We will operate our company in the most efficient manner we possibly can.
  3

4
  Letter to Our Shareowners
   like Sprite and Coca-Cola classic, and hydration and energy brands such as Dasani and Powerade, we are in an excellent position to meet the health and wellness sensitivities of this channel.
BECOMING MORE EFFICIENT CREATES
NEW RESOURCES
Making certain that we operate, as a company and as a system, in the most efficient way possible is essential in meeting our long-term financial objec- tives. Efficiency gives us additional resources to invest against our brands, improves our ability to meet changing or unforeseen market conditions, and strengthens our bottom line. For example, in 2003 we continued to work with The Coca-Cola Company and other Coca-Cola bottlers in the development of the Coca-Cola Bottlers’ Sales & Services organiza- tion, which streamlines our purchasing activities. Last year we began to realize the financial benefits of this organization, as cost of goods trends contin- ued to be moderate throughout the year.
We also made great progress with Project Pinnacle, a program to create a world-class information tech- nology infrastructure that optimizes our interaction with our customers, our suppliers, and our employ- ees. Project Pinnacle has been designed to strengthen our business processes, improve our service levels, and reduce costs.
In Tampa, Florida, we continued the integration of multiple, separate administrative functions of our North American field operations into our Shared Services Center for all North American operations. The center creates significant efficien- cies by managing payroll, accounts payable, and
LOWRY F. KLINE Chairman of the Board
other functions previously handled separately by each of our field divisions.
THE YEAR AHEAD
In summary, our work in 2003 resulted in a very good financial performance for the year, with excel- lent progress in several important operational areas. Looking ahead to 2004, we believe we will continue this trend of improving results, with solid growth in operating income and earnings per share. In addi- tion, we believe we will generate significant free cash flow, in part by continuing to control capital expenditures tightly to a level equal to approximately 6 percent of total revenues. We also expect further improvement in our return on invested capital.
But even with this very solid outlook, we can real- ize additional gains only if we remain totally open to change while embracing the same beliefs that have driven our system for more than 100 years:
• The purpose of our business is to refresh, serve,
and please consumers and customers;
• Everybody involved in the business – including our customers, our consumers, our communities –
deserves genuine value;
• Value depends totally on the integrity and strength
of our brands, and creating exciting, relevant rela- tionships for the brands with our consumers.
By being mindful of these three important beliefs, by operating our company with a constant eye for operational improvement, and by continuing to improve the way we work together with our business partners in the Coca-Cola system, we will build on our solid performance of the last two years and fur- ther improve the value of our company’s shares.
JOHN R. ALM
President and Chief Executive Officer
  