         John F. Brock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
At Coca-Cola Enterprises, we have one clear objective that focuses our work every day – to deliver increasing value for our shareowners by driving consistent, long-term profitable growth.
     4
COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES, INC.
Throughout 2013, we once again achieved that goal even as we managed through a number of persistent challenges, including sustained macroeconomic conditions and a dynamic, competitive customer environment.
A key element of our success – and our ability to create future growth and value – is the skill and dedication of our people. Despite these demanding operating conditions, they continue to respond with innovative ideas and a commitment to success. Importantly, this was recognized in 2013 in the results of the Advantage Group Survey, a benchmark for consumer goods manufacturers based on ratings from key retail customers.
The survey ranked our company number one in Belgium, Great Britain, and the Netherlands, and number two
in France.
This is a noteworthy accomplishment, and demonstrates that our people – supported with solid operating and marketing strategies – can meet the demands of our evolving market- place, seize the growth opportunities available, and ultimately, build an even stronger foundation for future growth.
Importantly, we continued to create shareowner value in 2013 through an ongoing focus on growing our core business and optimizing our capital structure. During the year, we repurchased approximately $1 billion of our shares. In addition, our Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, and we expect to repurchase approximately $800 million of our shares in 2014, demonstrating our sustained commitment to shareowner value creation.
Going forward, we will maintain a disciplined approach to merger and acquisition (M&A) opportunities, leverage the strengths of our balance sheet, and, absent value-creating M&A opportunities, continue to return cash to shareowners.

                  A Return to Growth Our results for 2013 reflect continued strong earnings per diluted share of $2.51, which represents growth of 11 percent. Despite the challenges we faced during the year, we also achieved net sales growth of 2 percent and operating income growth of 3 percent. Figures are comparable and include a currency translation benefit.
We made good progress on several key business initiatives. One example is our Business Transformation Program, which strengthened our field sales and finance organizations. We also completed the restructuring of our business in Norway, unlocking value by moving to recyclable, nonrefillable packaging and increasing efficiency by moving to a third-party delivery system that works directly with our customers.
We expect the benefits of these initiatives, coupled with
our business plans and ongoing excellence in field-level execution, to generate growth in 2014. We expect earnings per diluted share to grow by approximately 10 percent, with low single-digit growth in net sales and mid-single-digit growth in operating income, all on a comparable and currency neutral basis.
While net sales and operating income growth are modestly below our long-term targets, they represent improvement from 2013 as we work through ongoing marketplace and macroeconomic challenges.
Our 2014 outlook reflects a balanced business plan that is focused on creating additional marketplace opportunities, maintaining or enhancing margins, and strengthening our foundation for long-term growth.
Our 2014 Plan The key elements of our 2014 plan that will help drive these results are:
• Building on the success of our core brands;
• Enhancing our focus on Coca-Cola Zero and energy; • And investing in our future, including new packaging.
First, we will continue to build on the success of our core brands through our marketing initiatives and activation plans.
Our ‘Share a Coke’ campaign was a great success in 2013, and we will expand this program beginning in the spring with more names and enhanced online interaction.
 20113 ANNUAL REPORT 5

Also, we will maximize the benefits of our long-term partnership with the 2014 FIFA World Cup BrazilTM, which includes teams from England, France, Belgium, and the Netherlands. Throughout the key summer selling season, we will support the World Cup with customer- and country-specific packaging and in-market activation, all centered on Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Zero, Diet Coke, and Coca-Cola light.
The second element of our 2014 plan is building on our success with Coca-Cola Zero and in the energy segment. For Coca-Cola Zero, we will implement several key, brand-specific initiatives, including a ‘Just Add Zero’ campaign. Other initiatives for the brand include ‘Coke with Meals’ promotions and customer-specific price and pack promotions.
In energy, we will build on our Monster, Relentless, Nalu, and Burn brands. Each of these brands offer unique marketing innovation and in-store opportunities. In combination, these four brands will be an important source of growth in 2014.
The third element of our plan, investing for the future, features package innovation and a broad pack diversification strategy that includes new multi-serve packages in the home channel and single-serve options in the cold channel.
One example is a key step we are taking in Great Britain. We are moving to a contour 1.75-liter bottle as the primary large PET package in the home channel, replacing straight-wall 2-liter PET bottles.
This new package creates a visible point of in-market differentiation for our brands and helps improve the value
of the channel. Importantly, the 1.75-liter package has been well received by customers, and we believe this initiative will have important long-term benefits.
Investment for the future also requires a sustained focus on effectiveness and efficiency, as demonstrated by our successful Ownership Cost Management initiative, which focuses on cost control, our Business Transformation Program, and the reorganization of our business in Norway.
The Norway transition, completed in 2013, is a success, and is meeting or exceeding our expectations. By changing our packaging and delivery system, we have created a foundation for profitable growth in that territory.
In total, these programs and initiatives are the core of our work to deliver the operating growth that will drive continued increases in shareowner value.
Disciplined Financial Approach To achieve our goals, it is essential that we maintain a disciplined financial approach to our business. We have consistently focused our resources on generating strong free cash flow from operations, optimizing our capital structure, opportunistically pursuing mergers and acquisitions, and returning cash to shareowners. We are currently operating within our long-term range of 21⁄2 to 3 times net debt to EBITDA, and expect to continue to operate within this range.
Additionally, we continue to actively evaluate opportunities for mergers or acquisitions. A key element of our financial strategy is to maintain a disciplined approach, taking action where there are significant opportunities to create value. Absent these opportunities, we will continue to return cash to shareowners through share repurchase and dividends.
In 2014, as we continue our share repurchase efforts, with a goal of approximately $800 million in repurchases, we will also pay a higher dividend. Our annualized rate for 2014 is $1.00, up 25 percent from the prior year.
Commitment to Our Communities, the Environment As we focus on creating value, we do so mindful of the important role that our company has in our communities and with regard to the environment.
 3 KEYS FOR 2014
 • Building on the advantages of our core brands
• Enhancing our focus on Coca-Cola Zero and energy • Investing in our future
  6 COCA-COLA ENTERPRISES, INC.
    
Our commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability has never been stronger because of the benefits it brings beyond being a good corporate citizen. These include opera- tional cost savings, excellent customer service, and employee engagement. The recognition we have received from a range of independent organizations has validated our leadership in this area.
We have again been included in the Carbon Disclosure Project’s S&P 500 Index and have been listed number 10 in Corporate Responsibility CR Magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens.
In addition, we have been ranked 43rd in the Corporate Knights 2014 Global 100 Most Sustainable Companies –
a preeminent global sustainability index published at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. We also ranked first among five listed food and beverage companies.
We have delivered an absolute reduction in our operational carbon emissions and are on track to meet many of our 2020 targets. We have also improved our water efficiency and were the first company to be awarded the Carbon Trust Standard for
Second, we continue to excel in our efforts to maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of our operations. Each element of our supply chain operates at a world-class level and
the service we provide to our customers continues to be outstanding, even as we continually search for ways
to improve.
Third, we continue to have a solid partnership with The Coca-Cola Company. We have a shared vision of the future for the Coca-Cola business in our territories and working together, we will achieve sustained, value-building growth.
And finally, we continue to utilize each of these assets to deliver on our most important objective – creating shareowner value.
John F. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   Water in 2012. In fact, our facilities in Great Britain and France continue to be among the most water-efficient Coca-Cola plants in the world.
Key Strengths As we move forward into 2014 and beyond, here are a few key points highlighting the strengths of our company.
First, despite the impact of prolonged macroeconomic weakness, we remain well-positioned to enhance growth in a dynamic marketplace. We have highly skilled, motivated people, we have brands that are highly popular with our customers and consumers, and we support those brands with effective marketplace initiatives.
   “To achieve our goals, it is essential that we maintain a disciplined financial approach to our business.”
   20113 ANNUAL REPORT 7
 