A Letter to Shareholders
Our Company had an outstanding 2015, improving profitability over the prior year despite currency translation headwinds and other challenges facing certain of our businesses. Earnings per share before certain items grew 5% in 2015, while segment income rose 2%. This performance follows strong 2014 increases of 14% and 9%, respectively. Constant currency earnings per share before certain items grew 19% and segment income increased 12%. For the third consecutive year, Crown generated more than $600 million in free cash flow. These results reflect the strong underlying fundamentals of our global businesses as well as significant contributions from recent acquisitions. Crown has never been in a stronger position than it is today. A critical component of our continued success is the identification and pursuit of opportunities that drive growth and create value for our shareholders. As we set the stage to consistently deliver increased value to our customers and shareholders, the theme for this year's report is preparing for tomorrow's success today. The acquisition and integration of two dynamic and significant businesses in the last two years has supported this growth by expanding our geographic presence, providing access to high performing assets and presenting opportunities to reduce costs. In February 2015, Crown completed the purchase of Empaque, the leading beverage packaging company in Mexico, from Heineken N.V. The acquisition significantly enhanced our strategic position in the global beverage can market with 50% of our beverage can revenue now derived from faster growing emerging markets. Empaque, including its excellent management team, has been integrated into our Americas Beverage division, adding to our existing Mexican presence and our network of operations in Brazil, Canada, Colombia and the United States. To meet the rising demand for both domestic and export beer production in Mexico, we are constructing a new beverage can manufacturing facility in Monterrey, the nation's third largest metropolitan area. The plant is expected to become operational during the fourth quarter of 2016. In 2014 we acquired Mivisa Envases, a leading Spanish manufacturer of two- and three-piece food cans and ends. We have successfully integrated Mivisa into our European food can business, substantially increasing our presence in Spain, one of Europe's leading agricultural economies. We continue to utilize Mivisa's best-in-class operations to improve our overall cost position in Europe. Our ability to deliver innovation to our customers to help them adapt to evolving market and consumer needs is another reason for our continued growth. Our research, development and engineering capabilities are world-class and, when combined with metal packaging's gain in popularity around the world, put us in a unique position to help our customers build their brands. Our global beverage can business, which represents 57% of Company revenue, generated excellent performance in 2015. Shipments worldwide rose more than 9%, including the contribution from Empaque. Demand increased in most parts of the world, with notable growth in Mexico, Colombia, Southern and Eastern Europe and throughout Asia. We again benefited from our wide geographic presence, which includes strong regional platforms and a long-standing and diverse customer portfolio. In many beer markets around the world, including Brazil and China, beverage cans continue to gain package mix share from other materials, particularly returnable glass. In the United States beer market, cans have gained package mix share in each of the last six years as customers and consumers have increasingly valued the operational, distribution, graphics, quick-chilling and sustainability advantages offered by beverage cans. As indepth industry research has revealed, the millennial generation, which represents the largest consumer market segment, has embraced the attributes of the beverage can. As a result, categories such as craft beer, sparkling water, tea, coffee and nutritional drinks all represent growth markets for beverage cans. To meet increasing demand in these beverage categories, Crown will construct a new facility in Nichols, New York to produce multiple sizes of beverage cans. In addition to enhancing the Company's presence in the specialty can segment in the United States, the plant will provide an attractive cost platform, including reduced freight, from which to serve our customers in the northeastern region of North America. The plant, the industry's first greenfield investment in the United States in more than 20 years, is scheduled to commence operations during the first quarter of 2017. We are building our third Cambodian beverage can plant in Phnom Penh to supply the expanding demand for cans and are adding beverage can end production capability to our Sihanoukville beverage can plant.

3
Commercial production is expected to commence by mid-2016 for both projects. At our Osmaniye, Turkey plant which opened in 2013, we are installing a second production line to satisfy that market's increasing preference for cans with commercial production expected in the fourth quarter of 2016. In 2015, projects included the construction of a new aluminum beverage can line in our Custines, France plant, the commercialization of a new specialty beverage can line at our Nong Khae, Thailand plant and the addition of beverage can end capacity to our Goleniow, Poland closures manufacturing facility. Food cans and closures represented 28% of Company revenue in 2015. As a global leader in food can production, Crown strengthened its leadership position in the European market following the April 2014 acquisition of Mivisa. An additional four months of sales from Mivisa combined with a firm harvest season resulted in shipment growth for the region. In North America, shipments decreased in 2015 due to the loss of a customer account and unusually wet weather in the southeastern United States. Our other operations include the Company's global aerosol, European specialty packaging and equipment manufacturing businesses. With increased shipments in the United States, the aerosol can business continued to perform well in 2015, despite a consumer trend toward shaving less frequently, which leads to reduced foam and gel consumption. During 2015, the Company divested its European industrial specialty packaging operations, and will now focus on the consumer segment of that business, where there are opportunities to help our customers further differentiate their brands. We are excited about our prospects in 2016 and the years ahead. Despite certain macroeconomic challenges, we expect beverage can growth to continue in most markets throughout the world, propelled in part by a prevailing shift by customers and consumers away from other packaging types toward cans. Crown has an excellent geographic platform from which to capitalize on these opportunities. Underpinning this profitable growth will be Crown's continued focus on operational excellence and cost reduction. In 2016, the Company expects to again utilize its significant free cash flow to reduce leverage. We will also continue to identify and evaluate select growth opportunities through capacity additions in existing plants or new plants in markets that we already know well and understand and potential strategic acquisitions in geographic areas or product lines in which we operate. As prudent custodians of capital, after reviewing a variety of metrics, we will undertake every approved project or transaction with a focus on creating long-term shareholder value. At the end of 2015, John Conway retired as the Company's Chief Executive Officer after having served in that position since 2000. Prior to that, John held various international and domestic executive positions with Crown and its predecessor companies and was with the Company for more than forty years. Under John's leadership, Crown focused on cash flow generation, profitable emerging markets beverage can expansion, improving management talent and stringent cost control. As a result, significant shareholder value was created during his tenure. I would sincerely like to thank John for his guidance and insights over the years and look forward to his continued service as non-executive Chairman of the Board of Crown. In closing, I would like to acknowledge and thank our 24,000 employees in 37 countries around the world. Their dedication, enthusiasm and drive for continuous improvement are the foundation for our success.

Sincerely,

Timothy J. Donahue President and Chief Executive Officer

