ANNUAL~1.QXD 4/2/03 2:42 PM Page 5

CROWN HOLDINGS, INC.

Dear Fellow Shareholders: Since our last letter to you in early 2002, we have continued to take significant strides to improve the performance and profitability of your Company. This is the first letter to you under the new Crown Holdings, Inc. name. The new name and the newly formed holding company were part of the legal structure adopted to facilitate the major debt refinancing completed in February of this year. At the depth of our difficulties in early 2001, we laid out a plan to restore the Company's profitability, a plan that would take 24 to 30 months to achieve. Early last year, we updated you on the progress that had been made. Now, we are very pleased to report that to date, we have achieved all of the objectives of that plan while adhering to our basic strategy. First, 2002 operating performance was significantly improved over 2001, with operating income increasing 53% to $481 million. Net income from continuing operations was $0.49 per share compared to a loss of $0.74 per share in 2001, and free cash flow increased to $300 million from $142 million. The Americas Division had a very successful year, with operating income more than doubling over the prior year. The majority of the improvement came in North America (United States and Canada) and reflected the success of pricing initiatives that we led in many of our markets. Our Central and South American businesses continued to perform well. However, the impact of political and economic turmoil in certain countries resulted in currency weakness and, consequently, income reduction. Our European and Asian businesses did particularly well in 2002. The European Division improved performance by virtually every measure in 2002 versus 2001. We believe that performance in this division has turned around and is headed in the right direction. Furthermore, the strengthening of the euro and pound sterling will benefit the division's results in 2003. Our Asia-Pacific Division experienced another year of improved performance compared to the prior year. Our companies in China and Southeast Asia continue to be regional leaders in beverage can packaging. Our Asian businesses are well positioned for continued growth. In summary, Crown's global reach and capability were important sources of strength for the Company in 2002. The Company continued to benefit from its superior research and development capabilities, reflected in the positive customer response to our innovative packaging products. SuperEndTM continues to draw significant customer interest in the beverage can sector and provides the Company with an important competitive advantage. Various closure technologies, such as our IdealTM closure (a composite of plastic and metal), continue to gain volume and market share. We remain convinced that our technical capability is a strategic strength which we will continue to improve to maintain our competitive edge.
5

ANNUAL~1.QXD 4/2/03 2:42 PM Page 6

CROWN HOLDINGS, INC.

Over the course of 2002, we were able to complete a series of significant non-core asset sales. These included the sale of our Constar PET business, our fragrance pump and pharmaceutical packaging businesses, and our packaging interests in Central and Eastern Africa and South Africa. We used the net proceeds from these sales together with free cash flow from operations to pay down Crown's debt. Additionally, we exchanged shares of common stock for certain outstanding note obligations further reducing our debt. We began 2002 with net debt of $4.9 billion, but were able to end the year with net debt of $3.7 billion. This was an important milestone toward our goal to delever the Company and strengthen the balance sheet. In February of this year, we borrowed in excess of $3 billion in new funds and thereby successfully refinanced and restructured the Company's debt. Crown now has a stable capital structure with no significant near term maturities. This is an achievement of which we are very proud, and is a demonstration of the confidence that the capital markets have in our plans as well as our ability to execute those plans in a timely manner. As we look forward to 2003, we believe that we are in a strong position to continue improving the Company's performance and profitability. In that regard, we will be focused on serving our customers, reducing our costs, improving the productivity of our operations and investing wisely and carefully. We are committed to increasing free cash flow and delevering the Company. Our commitment to debt reduction will further strengthen the Company and, in our view, create shareholder value. Before closing, we share with you a sad, recent event. In January of this year, our dear friend and very able director of four years, James L. Pate, passed away. We will miss Jim's unfailing optimism, determination and wise counsel. At the end of a new beginning, we note that the response from our employees to the challenges the Company has faced has been exceptional, and we have every reason to believe the Company's future holds great promise.

Sincerely,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2003
6

