Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to report another solid year for Crown as we continue to execute our strategy of significantly expanding our businesses in targeted international growth markets, while improving operations and results in more mature markets through disciplined pricing, cost controls and careful capital allocation. Our investments in these international growth markets have been in response to unit volume demand that is being driven by increased per capita incomes and consumption, combined with a shift in packaging mix to two-piece aluminum beverage cans. With our beverage can capacity additions and the resulting 5% increase in 2011 sales unit volumes, beverage cans now account for 52% of our total net sales. In Brazil, our beverage can sales unit volumes increased over 30% in 2011 with the installation of three new beverage can lines, including two at our new plant in Ponta Grossa, with total annualized capacity of more than 2.5 billion cans. Our new plant in Belém is scheduled to begin production in the fourth quarter of 2012 with an annual capacity of 700 million cans. In China, our beverage can sales unit volumes increased more than 15% in 2011. We currently have five manufacturing facilities including our newest plant in Hangzhou that we commercialized in the second quarter of 2011. We are expanding that footprint and have announced plans for six new plants. Three of them, Putian (Fujian Province), Ziyang (Sichuan Province) and Heshan (Guangdong Province), are expected to begin production in 2012. By mid-2013, plants in Changchun (Jilin Province), XinXiang (Henan Province) and Nanning (Guangxi Province) are expected to be commercialized, giving Crown eleven plants across China. In Southeast Asia, we began production on a second beverage can line in our existing facility in Phnom Penh, Cambodia in the third quarter of 2011. We are also adding additional beverage can capacity in 2012 at our existing facility in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam and beginning construction of a new facility in Danang, in central Vietnam, that is expected to be operational in the second quarter of 2013. In Europe, we began production on a second beverage can line at our facility in Kosice, Slovakia during the second quarter of 2011 and plan to begin production at a new beverage can facility in Osmaniye, Turkey in the third quarter of 2012. The execution of this exciting expansion program has been on time and on budget and when the current line-up of projects is completed in the third quarter of 2013, we will have built 9 can plants and added 11 production lines with more than 8 billion units of incremental capacity compared to the 51 billion beverage cans we sold in 2011. It is important to point out that we make every effort to invest capital wisely and prudently and we make our expansion decisions only after rigorous analysis. We also continually monitor every market in which we have expansion plans as well as those in which we currently operate. As in the past, we would move swiftly to adjust capital deployment based on economic developments and market-by-market conditions. Even with these aggressive expansion plans, we still see growth market opportunities that range from expanding production capacity at existing plants through line additions and building new plants that would enhance our geographic coverage to opportunistic acquisitions in the geographic areas and product lines in which we operate.

While the opportunity for organic volume growth in our mature market beverage can, food can, metal vacuum closure and aerosol can businesses is not comparable to what we are achieving in the projects described above, our mature market operations continue to provide excellent returns on invested capital and to generate significant cash flow that allows us to fund capital projects and return cash to shareholders. In the last two years, largely with cash generated in the mature markets, we have invested over $500 million in capacity expansion projects, paid $567 million to purchase over 10% of Crown's outstanding shares, and paid $371 million to purchase ownership interests from noncontrolling shareholders in certain of our subsidiaries operating in various growth markets. Global food and aerosol can sales unit volumes were below prior year levels due to lower consumer spending, unfavorable weather that adversely affected crop yields and inventory management practices by our customers. Despite this, our food and aerosol can businesses showed income improvement over prior year results due to a continued focus on cost controls and operating efficiencies. In sum, although we remain cautious due to uncertainty about global economic conditions, the Company's prospects remain excellent. In addition to our strong and stable businesses in mature markets, we expect to benefit from volume growth as well as productivity and operating efficiency improvements from recently completed and announced capacity expansions in 2012 and for years ahead. In October, large areas of Thailand suffered historically severe flooding. We are thankful that our employees there are safe, although they and their families have been negatively affected by this natural disaster. One of our four plants in Thailand, a two-line beverage can facility north of Bangkok, was completely submerged during the flooding. Fortunately, the financial impact has been minimal and we intend to rebuild one line in Thailand and replace the second line with the recently announced capacity expansion at our existing facility in Malaysia. In the meantime, we are supplying our customers in the region from other facilities with the high quality products and service they have come to expect from Crown. At Crown, we are dedicated to innovation, technology, creativity and design and committed to running world-class manufacturing facilities. I am proud to say that several of our new Brand-Building PackagingTM ideas were again recognized with top industry group awards. Recently, we received the 2010 Bronze President's WorldStar Packaging Award for our firstto-market Crown 360TM full aperture end for pressurized beverages. Our Specialty Packaging group was recognized with the WorldStar award in the Food Category for an elaborately decorated metal tin developed for a spice brand. Our leading decorative capabilities were also recognized by the International Metal Decorators Association when it selected Crown for its 2011 Grand Award for four multi-colored designs on the WD-40 "Support Our Troops" limited edition aerosol can. We are all particularly proud that Crown was commissioned by the Royal Family to create a special decorative tin to hold a slice of wedding cake for guests at the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Princess Catherine, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge last spring. Consumers are also looking for more convenient, easy-to-use containers for their brands. To meet that demand, our technology team designed the new OrbitTM closure, an easy-to-open metal vacuum closure for glass jars, which made its European debut in 2011 to very positive reviews. Large segments of the population have found jars difficult to open - until now. Our technology leadership is also reflected in our U.K.-based can making equipment business which experienced exceptional growth in 2011.

In terms of sustainability, we are fortunate to be in a business whose primary raw materials are steel and aluminum. These metals are 100% recyclable and are being recycled at an increasing rate. Equally important, recycling steel saves 74% on the energy required for the primary product and recycling aluminum saves 95%. Additionally, cans preserve food and beverages which keeps consumers safe, and they do not require energy for refrigeration or freezing to keep food or drink from spoiling. As an industry leader, Crown continues to improve product sustainability. A prime example is our patented SuperEndTM beverage can end that uses 10% less aluminum, thereby reducing the amount of metal necessary to make a beverage can. Every year we spend a significant amount of capital to make our plants not only more efficient but also safer for our employees. We have 134 plants and growing across 41 countries, all of which we staff with the very best people recruited from the local communities in which we operate. This, along with our World-Class Performance program, our Environmental Health and Safety program, and employee training and development, contribute to the safety of our employees as well as their and the Company's success. I am very proud of our over 20,000 employees around the world. They once again demonstrated the energy and commitment needed to have a world class company and we are grateful for their hard work and the strong results in 2011. Our position in every market in which we participate has continued to strengthen. This in turn enables us to better serve our customers with a broader product range and better geographic coverage. We remain committed to supporting our customers' plans globally, particularly in growth markets. Our momentum is strong and 2012 is shaping up to be another great year for Crown.

Best regards,

John W. Conway Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2012

7

