MANAGEMENT LETTER

FISCAL 2005 ACCOMPLISHMENTS

W. Alan McCollough
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,

Last year we shared with you some of the steps we planned for fiscal 2005 to move the company toward improved profitability. I am pleased to tell you that fiscal 2005 was a year of progress. We posted growth in total sales, gross profit margin and earnings per share; and we further strengthened our balance sheet. Associates throughout our company accomplished these improvements in a difficult retail environment. Despite the progress, we saw volatility in comparable store sales and customer traffic over the course of the year, and we need to deliver more consistent, positive results in fiscal 2006. Looking at trends in competition, customer behavior and product innovation, it is clear that operating in the current retail environment will not become any easier. Efforts aimed at improving our profitability are vital, but will not be solely sufficient to achieve the results we seek. We must also focus on innovation to transform our business, and I am excited to tell you that effort is now underway. Innovation is not new to Circuit City. From CarMax to our new IQ Crew offering, our dedicated Associates have worked together on many projects to create value for our customers and shareholders. With an organization and process to cultivate those ideas, our business can grow in ways we have never before considered. Our strong balance sheet provides the backbone to support these important initiatives in the coming months and years. A great deal of work remains, and new challenges will arise along the way. However, we remain convinced that our best days lie ahead. Although our financial performance has improved on many metrics, we must continue to work on capitalizing upon our strengths and returning value to you, our shareholders, through a consistent, sustainable financial track record.

Let me begin with our accomplishments in fiscal 2005. International Expansion. The acquisition of the Canadian retailer InterTAN, Inc. was completed in May. Specializing in small stores that carry a broad selection of higher-margin consumer electronic products, the international segment currently operates through more than 900 stores and dealer outlets throughout Canada under the trade names RadioShack®, Rogers Plus® and Battery Plus®. The international segment is a well-run, profitable business that brings with it an experienced sourcing organization and demonstrated ability to develop own-brand products. Divestiture of the Finance Operation. Also in May, we completed the divestiture of our finance operation by selling the private-label credit card operation to Chase Card Services, formerly Bank One. The sale generated $476 million in net cash proceeds and initiated a strategic relationship with a world-class partner to meet, competitively and creatively, the financing needs of our customers. Circuit City, in conjunction with Chase, introduced a Circuit City Rewards credit card in October. On qualifying purchases at Circuit City, cardholders have the power to choose rewards points or promotional financing. Customers can redeem rewards points for future purchases, enabling Circuit City to show its loyalty to them while encouraging repeat traffic to our stores. Superstore Openings. Our store revitalization program continued with 31 new stores and 28 relocations of stores to better sites. The results from our relocated stores continue to encourage us, with sales from the relocated stores increasing an average of 25 percent in their first year after grand opening, relative to the rest of the chain. We continue to aggressively seek new store sites to bring our updated shopping experience to both new and loyal customers. Next-Generation Web Site. In September, we seamlessly launched a next-generation Web site at www.circuitcity.com. The new site features improved navigation; pioneering express pickup of merchandise in all of our stores; and, most importantly, award-winning customer service. We remain pleased with the strong growth in this profitable business. Brand Re-launch. In October, Circuit City launched a new marketing campaign, centered on the tag line "Just what I needed." The campaign is designed to reinvigorate the Circuit City brand by reminding customers that we offer the full package: the right brands, the right service and unbeatable prices. The launch featured a consistent look, feel and message across all customer touch points.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Sales and Profits. Total sales increased 6.2 percent to $10.47 billion from $9.86 billion last fiscal year, and comparable store sales increased 0.7 percent. The net earnings from continuing operations were $59.9 million, or 31 cents per share, compared with a net loss from continuing operations of $787,000, or 0 cents per share in fiscal 2004.

2 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2005

F I N A N C I A L H I G H L I G H T S F R O M C O N T I N U I N G O P E R AT I O N S
(Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)
OPERATING RESULTS

2005

Years Ended February 28 or 29 2004

2003

Net sales and operating revenues ......................................................... Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes .........
PER SHARE DATA

$10,472,364 $ 95,789

$9,857,057 $ (1,240)

$10,054,864 $ (5,490)

Net earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations: Basic .............................................................................................. Diluted .......................................................................................... Cash dividends paid ............................................................................
AT YEAR-END

$ $ $

0.31 0.31 0.07

$ $ $

-- -- 0.07

$ $ $

(0.03) (0.03) 0.07

Total assets .......................................................................................... Common shares outstanding............................................................... Number of Associates..........................................................................

$ 3,789,382 188,150,383 45,946

$3,730,526 203,899,395 43,211

$ 3,945,456 209,954,840 38,849

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Additional discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in this annual report and in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

Gross Profit Margin. Our gross profit margin improved, benefiting particularly from the inclusion of our international segment. Within the domestic segment, we improved our gross profit margin, and a primary factor was higher sales of extended service plans. We focus on selling complete solutions --i.e. a core product, such as a television, with an extended service plan, home theater system, digital video service through cable or satellite, surge protectors, cables and installation services-- because we believe that helps drive sales, margin and customer satisfaction. Additionally, we benefited from lower costs related to the company's product service organization and distribution. Expenses. Several factors led to increased expenses compared with the prior year, including the acquisition of the international segment and increases in advertising expenses to enhance the brand. To offset these increases, we undertook expense-cutting initiatives, including the further refinement of our store operating model and consolidation of field and distribution organizations, as well as the closure of underperforming stores. Due in part to these efforts, we were able to hold domestic store expenses to a slight increase compared with last year while opening 59 new or relocated stores. Returning Value to You. Finally, in fiscal 2005, we repurchased 19.2 million shares of stock, which in addition to our dividend, enables us to share our cash position with you. Since January 2003, we have repurchased 28.4 million common shares for approximately $344.2 million. In March 2005, we announced that the Board of Directors authorized a $400 million increase in our stock repurchase authorization.

FISCAL 2006 FOCUS

In fiscal 2006, we will continue to drive for improvements in our core business while simultaneously investing in a formal innovation process focused on creating a culture that identifies big ideas and game-changing concepts. I will highlight a few of the largest opportunities. Improving the Business. Since the transition from a commissioned to an hourly workforce in our stores, we have made substantial improvements in a number of performance measures. We believe, however, there is significant progress yet to make in how we serve our customers. We know that the majority of customers who come into our stores leave without making a purchase. A substantial effort this year will focus on improving that close rate, where even a small improvement can yield big results, as well as ensuring that all customers are provided with the opportunity to find a complete solution to match their needs. We measure the performance of our stores on a broad range of metrics, and typically we see a fairly wide range of performance across stores on any given measure. Another area of focus this year will be to reduce the size of the performance gap between our best and poorest performing stores. Here, too, even a small improvement in closing the performance gap has the potential to produce substantial improvements in operating results.

3 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2005

In fiscal 2005, we made progress in working capital management in terms of net-owned inventory and believe opportunity for significant further progress remains. During fiscal 2006, we would expect to improve our forecasting accuracy, providing for smoother Philip J. Schoonover PRESIDENT product transitions with less obsolete product, and to further reduce our net owned inventory. One identified opportunity for improvement in fiscal 2005 was driving consistent customer traffic. This year, we will invest in systems that can provide a more robust measure of the effectiveness of our promotions. We will use feedback to create more effective advertising, which will drive traffic Michael E. Foss EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT and sales and also should improve our CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER brand image with consumers. Innovation. We are creating an innovation engine. Innovation teams will generate many ideas, then pursue, develop and test concepts aimed at the creation of real value and the transformation of our business for the future. Expect to see us try many new things, some of which will likely fail, but all Eric A. Jonas, Jr. of which will result in learning. We SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT will take calculated risks and make factHUMAN RESOURCES based decisions, ultimately adopting winning ideas. Opportunities identified and captured by this innovation process should contribute to a sustainable longterm growth rate, and in return, generate growth in shareholder value. To begin the process, we have identified a manageable number of initiatives to pursue in fiscal 2006, and I Brian E. Levy will share a few examples. PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, INTERTAN · Our heritage is in television, and we continue to believe that the living room will serve as the hub for family entertainment. The objective of one innovation team will center on Circuit City becoming the retail destination for home entertainment products and services. · Consumer electronics products continue to evolve with more features and functionality at lower prices -- a boon to consumers who can figure out how to make the functionality work for them in their everyday lives. To provide our customers with just what they need, a second innovation team will focus on the development of a breakthrough

consumer electronics services business that will offer an array of services, from installations to repairs, to provide a single point of contact for the customers and make the ownership period worry-free. · Finally, because more of our customers seek information and products in places other than our stores, a third team will work to capture multi-channel sales opportunities more than ever before. Circuit City will be there, whether in the store, on the Web, on the phone or in the home, to put the solution together for the consumer. That is why our customers will say Circuit City provided "Just what I needed" and why they will return to us for future purchases.
LEADERSHIP CHANGES

We are delighted to have significantly strengthened our management team. We now benefit from adding new talent as well as shifting proven Circuit City veterans into different roles. Most notably, we welcome the addition of consumer electronics industry veteran Phil Schoonover as President. Phil gained experience in various roles at Tweeter, Tops Appliance City, Sony and, most recently, Best Buy. Phil has a strong background in developing new ideas and bringing them to the marketplace. At Best Buy, he was an integral player in a number of key initiatives, including customer centricity. I believe that Phil is a great addition to our leadership team, and I am confident that he will play a key role in the progress towards building a new Circuit City. In February, we announced the promotion of Mike Foss to executive vice president as he continues his role as chief financial officer. During his tenure, Mike has brought extensive financial expertise and made significant contributions to the company through his commitment to operations improvement. We were also pleased to promote Eric Jonas to lead our efforts in human resources, where we continually strive to both recruit new talent and serve our current Associates with attractive and relevant compensation and benefits. When we acquired InterTAN in May, we also brought on board their strong management team led by Brian Levy. Brian, who now heads our international segment, has extensive experience operating small store formats. Be assured that our associates are committed to and focused on driving shareholder value by continually improving their execution and working tirelessly to deliver more profitable results. We will not rest as we continue to build a new Circuit City.

W. A L A N M C C O L L O U G H

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Circuit City Stores, Inc. April 11, 2005

4 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2005

