  RICHARD L. SHARP
I am pleased to report that fiscal 2000 produced the most successful year ever for our Circuit City business and meaningful progress for our CarMax auto superstores.
Circuit City Stores, Inc. reported consolidated sales growth of 17 percent, reaching $12.61 billion in total sales. Earnings from continuing opera- tions rose 55 percent to $327.8 million.
In our Circuit City business, total sales grew
13 percent to $10.60 billion, comparable store sales increased 8 percent and earnings rose
39 percent to $326.7 million. CarMax produced total sales of $2.01 billion, a 37 percent increase, while comparable store sales rose
2 percent. CarMax exceeded the financial goals we established at the beginning of the year, producing a profit of $1.1 million compared with a net loss of $23.5 million in fiscal 1999.
Yet, the year was not without disappointments. In June, we discontinued Digital Video Express. Although this innovative system for watching movies was adopted enthusiastically by consumers, Divx did not obtain the studio support necessary for long-term success. Consolidated and Circuit City Group net earn- ings for fiscal 2000 include after-tax losses of $16.2 million from the discontinued Divx operations and $114.0 million on the disposal of the Divx business.
CIRCUIT CITY: MAXIMIZING AN ENORMOUS SALES OPPORTUNITY For Circuit City, the promise of the digital product cycle is becoming reality as new technologies continue to drive industry growth. This cycle is dominated by feature-rich products that offer new and often complicated functionality for the consumer—an ideal fit for our high-service store format. We believe this new product cycle can last throughout the decade. We are also enjoying sales strength in more traditional products, as evidenced by a record year for VCR unit sales.
As we enter the new decade, we are focused on maximizing the sales of new and existing prod- ucts in our Circuit City Superstores.
In fiscal 2000, personal computers remained our strongest product category, reflecting continued increases in household penetration, higher consumer use of the Internet and new capabilities such as digital imaging and record- ing. We saw high demand for related products, including digital still cameras, digital cam- corders and MP3 audio products. In the consumer electronics categories, our DVD player sales rose rapidly, DIRECTV and wire- less communications maintained their high growth rates and big-screen television sales remained healthy. In the fall, we introduced
the first digital televisions in our stores.
Circuit City is poised for continued success in this exciting industry cycle. When industry
growth was minimal, our financial resources allowed us to continue our geographic expansion and maintain our commitment to outstanding customer service. As a result, we entered this new period as the only specialty retailer in our categories with a well-trained and knowledge- able sales force and a nationwide presence. Our investments in sales training have yielded an outstanding training program, which we will improve even further with programs to be delivered via the Internet. Our long history of successful consumer electronics product intro- ductions and our national store base enabled us to establish alliances with America Online, Inc., the world’s leading interactive services company, and Sony Electronics Inc., the world’s leading consumer electronics company, to introduce their latest technologies beginning in fiscal 2001.
In fiscal 2000, we undertook significant initiatives to make it even easier for consumers to shop at Circuit City. We became the first national brick- and-mortar specialty retailer to sell consumer electronics on the Internet. We also enhanced our Superstore design to help ensure that we are maximizing the sales opportunity in all areas, adding displays for digital televisions, digital imaging and broadband Internet access. In all stores opened during the fall, we signifi- cantly expanded the number of products that consumers can select and take directly to the cash register, if they choose.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
In fiscal 2000, we began to see the exciting potential that the digital product cycle brings to our Circuit City business. At CarMax, we produced marked operating improvement in our core business—the used-car superstores.
 2 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
Brought to you by Global Reports

  In fiscal 2001, we will add or improve displays for the newer technologies in all stores nation- wide. These improvements will help ensure that we are in the best position to capture the sales opportunity presented by the digital cycle. We also will remodel 30 to 35 stores in central andsouthFloridaandinRichmond,Va.,pro- viding easier access to self-service products and expanding our assortments in key areas.
CARMAX: A STEADY FOCUS AND STEADY PROGRESS
At CarMax, we slowed geographic growth in fiscal 2000 to concentrate on improving operations and profitability. With comparable store sales growth in our used-car business at year-end, our first annual profit and a strong finish, we surpassed our financial goals for the year. The marked operating improvement is particularly signifi- cant because it came from our core used-car superstores, including those with integrated new-car franchises. The improvement reflects:
• ongoingproductivityimprovementsinsales
and operations;
• betterresultsfromtheprofitimprovement
plan initiated at the end of fiscal 1998;
• our hub and satellite operating strategy;
• thecontinuedintegrationofnew-carfran-
chises with our used-car superstores; and,
• theexitofasignificantcompetitorfromthe
used-car superstore business.
As we enter fiscal 2001, we continue to devote our energies to our existing markets. Transforming the car-buying experience to make it dramatically easier for the consumer remains the cornerstone of the CarMax concept. CarMax locations in single-store markets and in the Atlanta and Washington/Baltimore multi-store markets are producing outstanding results consistent with their history and our initial expectations for the CarMax concept. Our used-car locations
also have proven to be strong traffic drivers for new-car franchises.
In south Florida, Texas and Chicago, we believe that we can further improve our results with increased consumer awareness and additional satellite stores, including two prototype stores openedlateinfiscal2000.Wealsoareseeking appropriate opportunities to integrate new-car franchises with existing used-car superstores.
CarMax is aggressively leveraging the opportu- nities of the Internet. At the end of fiscal 2000, we introduced a redesigned CarMax Web site that provides online access to all the vehicle information available at our stores. Consistent with our commitment to service, carmax.com offers dedicated Internet sales consultants for customers who want to buy online. Recognizing that consumers use a variety of well-known Internet resources to research purchases, CarMax also is testing relationships with the leading automotive sites. These services can be nationwide mechanisms for building CarMax’s consumer awareness.
In fiscal 2001, we will focus on growing sales in existing markets. Significant opportunities remain in these markets, and we believe that a continued focus on maximizing these opportu- nities should yield solid profitability for CarMax.
LEADERSHIP CHANGES
In December, we announced a succession plan
as we prepared for me to leave the day-to-day operations of the company. Effective in June 2000, Alan McCollough, currently president and chief operating officer, will add the title of chief execu- tive officer. In his expanded role, Alan will lead our Circuit City and CarMax businesses. Alan is a 12-year Circuit City veteran. As general manager of corporate operations, president of our central operating division and senior vice president of
merchandising, Alan gained extensive experience in the two principal operating components of our business—store operations and merchandising. He was named to his present position in March 1997. Alan’s experience, his intense commitment to customer service and the support he engen- dersamongourAssociatesandourvendorswill help him to ensure that the company maximizes the exciting opportunities ahead.
Other management changes include the pro- motion last summer of Philip Dunn to senior vice president. Phil joined Circuit City in 1984. He was named treasurer in 1991, was promoted to vice president in 1992 and added the title of controller in 1996.
As I conclude fiscal 2000 and my tenure as chief executive officer of Circuit City Stores, I believe that the company is well positioned for the future. By focusing on the consumer and devel- oping a truly outstanding team of Associates, we have built a company with the financial strength to perform extraordinarily well in good times and to more than weather the down cycles. Our Circuit City and CarMax Associates are talented and enthusiastic. I would like to express my deepest appreciation to them and their families, our shareholders, our vendors and our customers for their support.
Sincerely,
Richard L. Sharp
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Circuit City Stores, Inc.
April 6, 2000
CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC.
         Brought to you by Global Reports
CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT 3
