LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

W. Alan McCollough
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

"For the second consecutive year, we posted sales growth and operating profit improvements, while simultaneously launching efforts designed to transform Circuit City into a world-class retailer."

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,

I have spoken to you before about our commitment to build a new Circuit City. I am pleased to report to you that we continue to make progress, laying a strong foundation in fiscal 2006 that will support our business and enable further profitable growth in fiscal 2007 and beyond. For the second consecutive year, we posted sales growth and operating profit improvements, while simultaneously launching efforts designed to transform Circuit City into a world-class retailer. We delivered record sales for the year and doubled our pre-tax operating margin compared to the prior fiscal year. Our domestic segment posted marked improvements in a number of areas as our Associates worked diligently to maximize results in an increasingly competitive retail environment. These efforts were aided by strong demand for consumer electronics products and services, particularly flat panel televisions. Last year, we completed the re-branding of our Canadian stores from the RadioShack® name to The Source By Circuit City SM, while we continued to drive sales growth.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Sales and Profits. Net sales increased 10.8 percent to $11.60 billion from $10.47 billion last fiscal year, and comparable store sales increased 8.2 percent. Net earnings from continuing operations more than doubled to $151.1 million, or 84 cents per share, compared with $64.4 million, or 33 cents per share, in fiscal 2005. Operating Profit Margin. Our earnings from continuing operations before income taxes as a percentage of sales expanded by 108 basis points from the prior year as gross profit margin declined slightly and expenses decreased as a percentage of sales. The expense ratio reduction resulted primarily from lower payroll and fringe expenses, store closing costs and relocation expenses, as well as leverage on higher sales levels. Partially offsetting our improvements were pretax costs of $30 million associated with rebranding our stores in Canada as a result of ongoing litigation, as well as expenses associated with our information technology upgrades and innovation initiatives. Returning Value to You. In fiscal 2006, we repurchased 19 million shares of common stock. Since the inception of the repurchase program in January 2003, we have repurchased 48 million shares of common stock for $683 million. Our balance sheet remains strong with $838 million in cash and short-term investments and with no significant long-term debt.
LEADERSHIP CHANGES

shopping behaviors, competitors and products were evolving rapidly. We made many tough choices without wavering from our commitment to build a better company for our customers, our Associates and our shareholders. The actions we took included  exiting the major appliance business,  eliminating the commission pay structure in our domestic stores after 50 years of commissioned selling,  separating the CarMax auto superstore business from the core consumer electronics retail business,  divesting both our private-label and bankcard finance operations,  expanding into Canada,  re-branding the vast majority of our Canadian stores to a North American brand and  revitalizing our domestic store base. Certainly one of our greatest accomplishments has been the transformation of our senior management team. The strength and readiness of this team led in part to my decision to retire as chief executive officer in February and as chairman at the upcoming 2006 annual shareholders' meeting. It is with great enthusiasm and confidence that I have passed the chief executive position to Phil Schoonover. Phil is a proven leader in the consumer electronics industry with a strong background in developing new ideas and bringing them to the marketplace. I am confident I am leaving our company in good hands. During the past year, we welcomed Reggie Hedgebeth as senior vice president, general counsel and secretary; John Kelly as senior vice president, general merchandise manager for technology; and Dave Mathews as senior vice president, president Circuit City Direct. Each brings strong retail experience to strengthen our team. Fiona Dias took on additional responsibility as chief marketing officer and is promoting a consistent multi-channel brand message to consumers at all touch points -- in stores, on the Web and over the telephone. I am proud of what we have accomplished and grateful for the hard work by our Associates that has made this progress possible. I have great confidence in the strategic direction we have set and in those who will lead the company into the next decade. I believe Circuit City's best days lie ahead.

More than five years ago, at the start of my tenure as chief executive officer, we took on the task of rebuilding our company. We recognized that the path forward would be challenging as consumer

W. ALAN MCCOLLOUGH

Chairman of the Board of Directors April 12, 2006

2

C I R C U I T C I T Y S TO R E S , I N C . 2 0 0 6

LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Philip J. Schoonover
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

"I embrace the opportunity to lead Circuit City as we continue the transformation of our company to better serve our customers, Associates and shareholders."

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,

Although my tenure at Circuit City began just 18 months ago, my entire career has been spent in the invigorating and challenging consumer electronics industry. My experience on the retail side at TOPS Appliance City and Best Buy Co., Inc. was complemented by the valuable experience I gained on the vendor side at Sony Corporation of America. I embrace the opportunity to lead Circuit City as we continue the transformation of our company to better serve our customers, Associates and shareholders. During fiscal 2006, our approach to building a new Circuit City was based on parallel efforts to upgrade, evolve and innovate our business. In fiscal 2007, we will build upon that base. Our continuing "upgrade" efforts will focus on people, through further strengthening and engaging our team, and on processes and systems, through continuing to simplify our business practices. And, we will continue many of our "evolve" and "innovate" initiatives as we set the stage for further growth in sales and higher profits. Our work to upgrade the senior leadership talent included the following changes:  Danny Clark--executive vice president, president -- retail stores  Fiona Dias -- executive vice president, chief marketing officer  Doug Moore -- executive vice president, chief merchandising officer  Ron Cuthbertson -- senior vice president, supply chain and inventory management

Reggie Hedgebeth -- senior vice president, general counsel and secretary  Dave Mathews -- senior vice president, president Circuit City Direct Those changes complement our existing top management team, which includes  Mike Foss -- executive vice president, chief financial officer,  Eric Jonas -- senior vice president, human resources,  Mike Jones--senior vice president, chief information officer, and  our 10 regional vice presidents. This team's fundamental leadership style has shifted from a top-down edict model to one that drives integrated change from the bottom up. We believe our 46,000 Associates represent our best source for finding solutions for our customers' needs. We are setting store performance goals more effectively and better aligning targeted incentives with key business outcomes. We are placing more emphasis on training, coaching and mentoring our Associates. As a result of these efforts, we are building a culture whereby our Associates make data-driven decisions and set a high bar for performance. In effect, we are leading and managing differently to engage our Associates more effectively. Associate engagement is a combination of emotions including satisfaction, commitment, pride, loyalty and a willingness to be an


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

(Dollar amounts in millions except per share data)
OPERATING RESULTS

2006

Years Ended February 28 or 29 2005

2004

Net sales....................................................................................................................... Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes..........
PER SHARE DATA

$11,597.7 $ 239.1

$10,469.5 $ 102.8

$9,857.1 $ (1.2)

Net earnings per share from continuing operations: Basic........................................................................................................................ Diluted.................................................................................................................... Cash dividends paid .................................................................................................
AT YEAR-END

$ $ $

0.85 0.84 0.07

$ $ $

0.33 0.33 0.07

$ $ $

-- -- 0.07

Total assets ................................................................................................................. Common shares outstanding ................................................................................ Number of Associates.............................................................................................

$ 4,069.0 174,789,390 46,007

$ 3,840.0 188,150,383 45,946

$3,782.9 203,899,395 43,211

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Additional discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in this annual report and in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

C I R C U I T C I T Y S TO R E S , I N C . 2 0 0 6

3

advocate for the company. Simply put, Associates who are engaged perform better, which leads to more satisfied customers. We measured our Associate engagement level through surveys in March 2005 and again in February 2006, and we saw a 22 percent improvement in the overall rating. We believe improved Associate engagement is contributing to our success in reaching record sales levels. Our work to upgrade processes and systems serves as the infrastructure for our growth and brings our operations in line with best-in-class retailers. In order to better compete in the retail landscape, we developed more disciplined, data-driven processes to improve the effectiveness of our promotions and to manage product life cycles. These process changes lead to better decisions. We have improved the quality of our inventory position both by raising our in-stock levels to support higher sales and by enhancing our sales forecast accuracy. We have laid the groundwork for substantial improvements to our point-of-sale, merchandising, marketing and supply chain systems to further enable our transformation. Our team is evolving our core business to deliver increased levels of sales and profits through our existing domestic Superstores. We have instituted product portfolio management of merchandise categories that matches our advertising, store space, labor and inventory investments with the strategic intent of the category. We expanded our service offerings, including PC Services available in all domestic Superstores or at your home via the Internet. We also have deployed specialized "ELITE" teams within each region to work on reducing the performance gap between the strongest stores and the stores with the most opportunity to improve. Due in part to this work, we had to close fewer stores in fiscal 2006 than in the prior year. We have continued to invest in Circuit City brand awareness and in Circuit City Direct marketing, ensuring a consistent multi-channel brand. We focused on integrating our consumer offering in the store, on the Web and on the phone. This multi-channel integration is perhaps best illustrated by our breakthrough 24/24 Pickup GuaranteeSM, where qualifying Web purchases are ready for customers to pick up at their designated store within 24 minutes of purchase confirmation, or the customer will receive a $24 Circuit City gift card. Due in part to these initiatives, fiscal 2006 Web-originated sales grew 63 percent from the prior year.

STRATEGY FOR THE FUTURE

While much of our focus is turned inward, we recognize the rapid pace of change in our industry. As such, we are developing innovative strategies to differentiate our offerings from those of other sellers of consumer electronics products and services and testing those offerings to make sure they matter to customers. In fiscal 2006, we launched our initial round of innovation tests within our three strategic pillars: Win in Home Entertainment, Digital Home Services and Multi-Channel Integration. We are pleased with what we learned from the tests. We already are piloting some of these initiatives in a larger number of stores, and we are planning our second round of tests in our lab stores. In fiscal 2007, we will continue the journey with greater focus on driving higher profitability and improving our in-store experience. We will work to derive efficiencies from our store operating model, and we will focus on increasing our close rate. A select team of our Associates has worked tirelessly with the executive team to develop our strategy for differentiation in fiscal 2007 and beyond. Through identifying Circuit City's core competencies, challenging old notions of who we are and seeking to meet the customer wherever he or she wants to shop, we have developed a new strategic framework to carry us forward. Our focus will be on meeting the personal needs of our diverse customer base rather than on customer demographics. We will use innovation experiments to learn our way to a new Circuit City while simultaneously reducing risk to our innovation investments. In closing, on behalf of our Associates and shareholders, I extend my deepest thanks and best wishes to Alan as he embarks upon a new chapter in his life.

PHILIP J. SCHOONOVER

President and Chief Executive Officer April 12, 2006

FRONT ROW LEFT TO RIGHT

Dave Mathews Doug Moore Phil Schoonover Fiona Dias Reggie Hedgebeth

BACK ROW LEFT TO RIGHT

Danny Clark Eric Jonas Mike Jones Mike Foss Ron Cuthbertson

4

C I R C U I T C I T Y S TO R E S , I N C . 2 0 0 6

