 W. ALAN MCCOLLOUGH
Our company is entering an exciting period.
At Circuit City, the focus is on the future. We are entering the new decade in a strong financial position, with a long heritage of customer service and a continuing commitment to knowledgeable sales assistance. We will build on this foundation, introducing consumers to new products with new capabilities and revamping our merchandise presentations to display, explain and sell a full range of products and services. I am particularly pleased to face the future with talented Associates whose number one goal is providing consumers the best possible shopping experience.
CIRCUIT CITY: THE DIGITAL AGE
Fiscal 2000 marked the real beginning of what I believe will be the most exciting time ever for Circuit City. Amazing new applications of digital technology had a positive impact on products throughout our stores, opening up new possibilities for consumers. And, I believe the best is yet to come.
Last fall, consumers saw for the first time
the extraordinary picture delivered by digital televisions, and demand quickly exceeded the limited industry supply. As digital content increases and pricing becomes more attractive, we anticipate growing demand for both 4:3 and 16:9 wide-screen sets. Development of display technologies such as plasma and liquid crystal hybrids add to the industry’s television sales potential.
Fiscal 2000 was the second full year DVD players were available. With attractive entry prices as low as $159, the industry sold three times as many units in calendar 1999 as in 1998. As we introduce more brands and features, such as multi-disc changers that allow a single unit to serve as both a primary CD player and DVD player, consumer appeal will expand significantly.
DIRECTV sales continue rapid growth with household penetration of direct broadcast satellite signals still at only 13 percent. Access to local stations, high-definition programming and built-in features such as personal video recording technology and Internet access are further increasing the functionality of DIRECTV and should contribute to continued strong sales growth.
Like DIRECTV, wireless communications exemplifies the marriage between hardware capability and service offerings. The consumer’s choices have exploded and now include numerous analog and digital options. Many rate plans and packages offer long-distance service and Internet access. With penetration at only about 30 percent, the growth opportunity in wireless remains enormous.
Still in its infancy, broadband Internet access is another product and service combination that offers new capabilities. In fiscal 2000, Circuit City became one of the nation’s first retailers to sell CableLabs-certified DOCSIS modems. These
cable modems provide Internet access up to 50 times faster than the standard telephone modem. Similar capabilities using telephone-based digital subscriber lines are now available, and we expect broadband access via satellite in the near future. Once again, our customers will be faced with multiple digital product and service options, and our professional sales Associates will be available to assist.
In fiscal 2000, personal computers remained our strongest major category despite difficult year- over-year comparisons and continued erosion in average retail prices. Advances in technology — PIII, digital imaging, voice recognition, digital audio recording, to name a few—reinforce our belief that the home office category will provide further sales and profit increases in fiscal 2001.
With advances in technology, digital audio recording capability is available in both the consumer electronics and personal computer categories. Audio CD recorders allow consumers to customize CD recordings for personal enjoy- ment. With a computer and Internet access, consumers can download compressed music for playback on a portable MP3 player.
In major appliances, we are seeing significant technological and competitive changes. Technology is creating ovens that cook faster; front-loading, super-efficient washers; and refrigerators with digitally controlled temperature zones. Our sales remained healthy throughout
PRESIDENT’S LETTER
 The new digital cycle with its full-featured, often complex, technologies creates an ideal opportunity for Circuit City. A long history of sales training, a national store base and alliances with industry-leading vendors will help position us at the forefront of this cycle.
 4 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
Brought to you by Global Reports

 fiscal 2000, and we will test a new store concept that may help us build an even more distinctive consumer offer in the coming decade.
CIRCUIT CITY: MAKING IT EASIER
The products are exciting; the opportunity is enormous. But, this explosion of new products, services and functionality can be confusing, and consumers will not tolerate confusion. Our job is to unravel the complexities of the developing technology. We start with our longstanding commitment to customer service and a knowl- edgeable sales team. In addition, we are intro- ducing powerful store displays that we believe will maximize sales across all product lines.
In fiscal 2001, our planned 25 new stores and all 571 existing Superstores will feature displays designed to highlight the latest advances in technology. These displays will include AOL Internet Centers, part of our strategic alliance with America Online, Inc.; a Sony Memory Stick Interactive Universe to introduce this portable digital memory device that extends across a family of products; significantly expanded displays highlighting the latest in digital audio recording technology; redesigned wireless phone displays that help consumers compare products, features and services; enhanced DVD, DIRECTV and personal video recording areas to more prominently emphasize thelatestvideotechnology;andanexpanded digital television display to accommodate DTV’s rapidly growing assortment.
Even as we make it easier for consumers to understand what these complex new products and services can do for them, we recognize that some customers require less help with more familiar products. During the second half of fiscal 2000, we added self-service displays to our new stores. Telephony products, software, VCRs, portable audio products and accessories are
directly accessible by the customer in these areas. Yet even for the most basic products, help is avail- able for customers who want it. This year, we will further expand self-service areas in all our new and remodeled stores.
We will concentrate our fiscal 2001 full remodels in central and south Florida and in Richmond, Va. The Superstores in these markets will be dedicated to consumer electronics and personal computers, creating a high-energy environment for new technologies and permitting expanded assortments of video game hardware and soft- ware, entertainment and computer software, peripherals and accessories. All Superstores opened after the first fiscal quarter will follow this exciting consumer electronics design. In addition, in the remodel markets, we will test a new selling strategy for appliances. In these markets, we will open a limited number of stand-alone major appliance stores, which we believe will increase consumer awareness of our appliance selection and provide an improved selling environment for these products.
E-COMMERCE
Consistent with our commitment to sell the way customers want to buy, in fiscal 2000, we became the first national brick-and-mortar specialty retailer to sell consumer electronics over the Internet. Unlike many competitors, we have tightlyintegratedoure-Superstore,circuitcity.com, with our brick-and-mortar locations.
We are delivering a combination of in-depth product comparison information, broad product selection and convenient purchase and delivery options, including immediate in-store pickup. Approximately 50 percent of our Internet shoppers choose the convenience of in-store pickup for products available in the store and ontheWeb.
We are exceptionally pleased with our e-commerce performance, especially during our first high- traffic holiday season. And, we continue to enhance the site. Beginning in April, all sales counselors were able to access our Web store inventory from any point-of-sale terminal, and customers were able to conveniently access our site via our premiere position on AOL’s Shop@ locations. While no one can be certain what industryWebsalesmaybe,wearecommitted to providing this option to our customers and to being the best on the Web in our categories.
I look forward to the expanding opportunities in our Circuit City business and to working with the exceptional management team and all our Associates who can realize Circuit City’s full potential.
OUTSTANDING PROGRESS
AT CARMAX
I also am energized by our opportunities at CarMax. Austin Ligon and the CarMax Associates have made enormous strides as we have continued to revolutionize the auto indus- try. In a tough, competitive environment, they exceeded their financial goals in fiscal 2000, producing a profit for the year. Austin outlines CarMax’s fiscal 2000 accomplishments and objectives for the coming year in his letter.
I thank all our Associates as we enter this new decade and focus on building value for shareholders in both the Circuit City and CarMax businesses.
Sincerely,
W. Alan McCollough
President and Chief Operating Officer Circuit City Stores, Inc.
April 6, 2000
CIRCUIT CITY
  CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 Brought to you by Global Reports
