Dear Celanese Stockholders:
In 2014, Celanese delivered record-breaking results by nearly every measure, while navigating what continues to be a challenging global economic environment. Solid performance in the Acetyl Chain across the Americas and Europe complemented globally strong performance in our Materials businesses. Despite challenges, our team was able to grow sales by 5 percent and adjusted earnings per share by 26 percent1 while expanding segment income margins by 240 basis points1, on a year-over-year basis.
Celanese generated record operating cash flow of $962 million, an increase of 26 percent over the prior year, a strong indication of our focus on day-to-day business. This cash was used to invest in several major programs that will provide a high degree of backward integration, new production capability and address sustainable environmental programs. Beyond capital and technology investments, we increased dividends by 73 percent and repurchased $250 million of our shares to increase returns to shareholders. Our fifth consecutive year of dividend increase occurred in 2014, which represented a 42 percent compound annual growth over that period.
Celanese Acetyl Chain business (comprised of the Acetyl Intermediates and Industrial Specialties segments) generated sales of $4.2 billion, an increase of 6 percent year-over-year. Actions to increase the degrees of freedom in the business have helped push margins to record levels for the chain. While the business was aided by industry wide outages we believe a good portion of the margin increase represented is sustainable. Steps were also taken to expand our emulsion polymers platform in Asia while consolidating business in the US to improve that region’s performance.
The Materials core (comprised of the Advanced Engineered Materials and Consumer Specialties segments) realized sales of $2.6 billion, an increase of 2 percent over the prior year. Strong performance and successful productivity initiatives in our cellulosic business combined with record setting performance in engineered materials helped us realize these results. Innovation remains a key driver of our business and in 2014 we saw increased sales of new material solutions into a number of markets but particularly in the auto segment where our polymer materials now press 2 kg per vehicle globally.
By focusing on those items we control we’ve gained a greater degree of flexibility to match market needs. Combining this commercial model with solution-oriented customer facing efforts and productivity initiatives allowed us to achieve record 2014 financial results. Our focus on safety, environmental performance and community outreach also reflected our deep commitments to the communities we live and operate in. In 2014 we were recognized by both the American Chemistry Council (ACC) and the Association of International Chemical Manufacturers in China for Responsible Care best practices. In addition, we received the ACC’s Responsible Care Company of the Year award.
2014 was a year of milestones for Celanese and reflective of a culture that has a history of operational excellence, and best in class performance. The dedication of Celanese employees, their unrelenting focus on maximizing value creation and proven ability to meet and overcome global challenges gives me great confidence in our ability to enhance shareholder value well into the future.
Sincerely,
Mark C. Rohr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
1 See Exhibit A to our proxy statement relating to our 2015 annual meeting of stockholders accompanying this annual report for definitions and a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, or see Non-GAAP Financial Measures in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.celanese.com.
March 2015
   