 To Celanese Stockholders:
Celanese continued to deliver on its commitments in 2012 with the second highest earnings performance in our history amid a challenging macroeconomic environment characterized by uncertainty in the European Union and slower growth in Asia. We generated record operating cash flow during 2012 and improved the quality of our balance sheet, ending the year with the lowest level of annual net debt in our history. These financial results demonstrate the strength of our portfolio and confidence that our business strategy will continue to provide the foundation for growth and increased stockholder value. A few highlights from the year follow:
¥ The commercialization of a new family of high performance Vectra¨ liquid crystal polymer grades that provide a strong platform in support of the Electronics sector with leading smart phone manufacturers.
¥ The announcement of our new CelFXTM matrix technology for filter media. CelFXTM provides a flexible additive platform for innovation that allows our customers increased filter design flexibility, improved constituent reduction and supports a broad choice for enhancement additives.
¥ The launch of the new SunsationSM platform to help food and beverage manufacturers develop low- and no-calorie products that are better tasting and simplify the formulation process bringing products to market faster.
¥ The completion of the acquisition of Ashland Inc.Õs Vinac¨ and Flexbond¨ product lines which will support the strategic growth of our Emulsions business.
¥ The continued progress towards commercializing TCX¨ technology. We entered into a joint statement of cooperation to advance the development of fuel ethanol projects with Pertamina, the state-owned energy company of Indonesia. In line with our long-term strategy to develop new and renewable energy capabilities, Pertamina will collaborate exclusively with us to jointly develop synthetic fuel ethanol projects in the Republic of Indonesia utilizing our proprietary ethanol technology.
In addition to these highlights, we increased our quarterly dividend by 25 percent and improved our credit profile with the completion of a $500 million offering of senior unsecured notes due in 2022.
Our unique portfolio, pipeline of innovative new applications, and strong collaborative resources, as well as our focus on customer needs positions us well for continued growth and success in the future. The nearly 7,600 Celanese employees around the world make this success possible. It is an honor to work with them and to serve the stockholders as your Chairman and CEO. I appreciate your trust in me and our management team to continue to deliver strong results.
Sincerely,
Mark C. Rohr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 