Creating Value
In 2005, we continued to accelerate Celanese toward greater growth and profitability. We started the year with a successful initial public offering and ended 2005 as a leaner, faster and more agile company with strong business results. We also strengthened our leading global positions in key regions. CelaneseÕs combined net sales were $6.1 billion, up 22% from the previous year. As a global hybrid chemical company, we executed our strategy, grew our businesses and built on our track record of productivity and operational excellence. Our 9,300 associates delivered terrific results.
Here are some of our more significant achievements in 2005:
> Completed an initial public offering and, through the private equity sponsorship of The Blackstone Group, transformed our company from a German based company with a dual listing to a U.S. headquartered company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
> Acquired Acetex and Vinamul and began integration activities.
> Made steady progress on our China strategy and announced plans to develop our Nanjing site into
an integrated, chemical complex.
> Restructured our Acetate Products segment and expanded its China ventures.
> Continued to optimize our portfolio through divestitures of non-core applications or businesses.
> Lowered our purchasing and underlying SG&A expenses through cost reductions and headquarters consolidation.
> Received recognition for our improved performance with an upgrade from a credit rating agency. We have made tremendous progress and have identified a clear path to build on our success. Celanese has
six key drivers to increase value:
> Utilize our attractive, hybrid structure of basic and higher value-added downstream businesses to reduce cyclicality and provide more stable earnings.
> Lead with product and technology positions in attractively structured industries with focus on integrated acetyl chain and high-end engineered plastics businesses.
> Strengthen our global presence to further expand growth opportunities in Asia and other expanding regions.
> Leverage Celanese-specific opportunities to accelerate growth, increase productivity, improve our cost structure and return even more value to our shareholders.
> Structure our businesses to generate significant cash flow throughout an economic cycle.
> Create value through strategic acquisitions and portfolio repositioning to strengthen our strong
product franchises.
We will continue to build on the strength of our integrated, hybrid structure and focus on increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees and stakeholders.
Best Regards,
David N. Weidman
President and Chief Executive Officer
      