Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Our company performed well in 2009. Constellation Energy met earnings targets, maintained top-tier operational performance and successfully executed a comprehensive strategic realignment. It was a year of progress and transformation. We emerged from 2009 a stronger,
more resilient company, well positioned to deliver growth in 2010 and beyond.
At the start of the year, just a few months removed from the collapse of global credit markets in September 2008, we faced a number of challenges. Access to capital and credit markets was limited for our business and virtually all market partici- pants. Energy demand and prices were falling rapidly as a result of a steep decline in economic activity. Constellation Energy was hardly alone in facing these and other challenges. Many in the merchant energy sector and across the U.S. economy struggled to adapt and advance in the face of the most severe market upheaval and recession in decades.
In the wake of the credit crisis, our management team and board of directors developed a plan to tackle these challenges rapidly and comprehensively. The plan was framed by four guiding principles:
n Significantly strengthen the balance sheet, increasing net available liquidity and reducing debt.
n “De-risk” the business, including the divestiture of non-core business units.
n Close our $4.5 billion nuclear joint venture with EDF Group (EDF) in a timely and efficient manner.
n Streamline the enterprise and realign the company’s earnings model around our core businesses: merchant generation, wholesale and retail customer supply and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE), our regulated utility in central Maryland.
I’m pleased to report our team executed well against this plan. By year-end, we had successfully addressed each of the company’s key financial and strategic priorities. Importantly, these accomplishments were noted by Wall Street’s three
major ratings agencies, as each affirmed our investment- grade credit rating. Investors took note as well ... after a particularly disappointing 2008, Constellation Energy shares regained ground in 2009, up nearly 46 percent, sharply above the S&P utility index (12 percent) and broader
S&P index (27 percent). While much work remains—cost reduction, for instance, will be a top enterprise-wide priority in 2010 and 2011—we’re proud of these accomplishments because they were foundational to the success of our business and carried out efficiently and expeditiously during a time of heightened stress in the capital markets.
Strategic Highlights
n Liquidity Our access to cash and credit capacity more than doubled over the course of the year, from $2.3 billion to $5.6 billion at year-end. We retired approximately
$3.7 billion of outstanding debt and increased our
cash position.
n De-Risking We executed the divestitures of our non-core Houston natural gas and London-based international commodities units ahead of schedule and at a lower cost than anticipated. We also significantly reduced risk in our energy commodities portfolio.
n EDF Nuclear Joint Venture We navigated a dynamic federal and state regulatory approval process to close this transaction in November. EDF acquired a 49.99 percent interest in Constellation Energy Nuclear Group, LLC (CENG), our nuclear generation and operation business. Nearly $1 billion of the sale proceeds is targeted for future asset acquisitions and other investment projects.
n Strategic Realignment Our core businesses performed well in 2009, financially and operationally. Each of our business units delivered solid financial results and we achieved a number of operational milestones.
For the year, Constellation Energy reported adjusted earnings of $3.36 per share, consistent with our annual guidance. On a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, the company earned $22.19 per share in 2009, which primarily reflects the 2009 gain on the EDF transaction.
1

Business Highlights
Baltimore Gas and Electric
The utility contributed adjusted earnings of 80 cents per share in 2009. It enjoyed one of its best years ever from an operational perspective, exceeding all key operational goals, including safety, reliability and improvements in customer service. BGE is committed to becoming one of the most progressive utilities in the nation, developing and deploying efficiency programs to help customers manage energy costs. Inmid-2008,BGErolledoutitsPeakRewardsSM program and to date more than 190,000 smart thermostats and load control devices have been installed in customers’ homes. Customers signing up for PeakRewards save by allowing the utility to remotely cycle their air conditioning unit during a peak demand cycle.
The crowning achievement for BGE in 2009 was securing the maximum $200 million in federal stimulus funding for an ambitious Smart Grid program. BGE was one of just six utilities nationwide to receive the maximum award. We are hopeful that the Maryland Public Service Commission will approve BGE’s Smart Grid application this spring with deployment activities commencing in late 2010 and early 2011. Over the next 15 years, customer savings as a result of new smart meters and dynamic pricing programs are conservatively estimated at $2.6 billion, almost five times the cost of deployment, and that’s before the stimulus dollars are included.
Merchant
The merchant businesses, including our generation fleet and customer supply operations, reported adjusted earnings of $2.58 per share for the year. Our generation fleet consists of a diverse portfolio producing approximately 7,100 megawatts of generating capacity. Operational reliability for the non-nuclear fleet was strong in 2009— approximately 90 percent. Among the notable operational achievements was the completion of our state-of-the-art scrubber project at our Brandon Shores coal plant in central Maryland. Scrubbers remove potentially harmful mercury
and sulfur dioxide emissions. In all, we’ve made more
than $1 billion in investments in environmental upgrades to comply with Maryland’s Healthy Air Act, one of the most stringent in the nation. The scrubber project was completed on time and on budget and, as a result, Brandon Shores today is one of the cleanest coal-burning power plants in the nation.
Our nuclear generation fleet delivered outstanding opera- tional results for the year. In fact, Constellation Energy’s
fleet achieved a capability factor of more than 95 percent, the highest for any fleet in the industry. Calvert Cliffs’
Unit 2 in Lusby, Md., set a world record by operating continuously for more than 692 days prior to entering a scheduled refueling outage. The Nine Mile and Ginna plants in New York completed refueling outages in 2009, and each set plant records by completing the process in about 20 days.
CENG, now a joint venture with EDF, will sell 85 to 90 percent of its uncommitted output to Constellation Energy under a five-year power purchase agreement.
Customer Supply
Our customer supply operation includes our wholesale power business and retail power and natural gas activities. Our wholesale customers include utilities, municipalities and cooperatives, and our customer supply operation has won key load-serving auctions in the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest and also added new business in the Southeast. On the retail side, Constellation NewEnergy, the nation’s largest provider of competitive power to business and public institutions, had a record sales year. Low commodity prices create opportunities for our retail teams, as customers are eager to sign supply contracts and lock in lower prices. We also developed several new solar projects in 2009 and plan to expand our solar and renewable portfolio in the years ahead.
We pride ourselves on more than financial performance and operational excellence. In 2009, Constellation Energy and its employees contributed nearly $4 million to United Way campaigns where Constellation Energy and its subsidiaries
2

have operations. Despite the challenging economic times, our employees continue to demonstrate remarkable personal commitment and enthusiasm in supporting charitable causes. In addition to generous contributions, employees supported community outreach programs across the country, totaling more than 6,000 volunteer hours.
A Look Ahead
Our strategic realignment was designed to position the company to advance in the face of both market headwinds and economic and policy uncertainty. Energy is a capital- intensive industry with a long time horizon on investments and project development. Strategic planning is a challenge under ideal circumstances; conditions today fall far short of ideal. There’s widespread agreement that our nation needs to invest heavily in new clean energy sources. There’s much less consensus on how we do it and when we get there. The uncertainty surrounding evolving environmental legislation and financial regulation has the potential to significantly change the long-term supply and demand dynamics of
the marketplace. Markets are volatile. At the start of 2010, wholesale energy prices were down approximately 45 percent from their highs in mid-2008.
Given these uncertainties, as we plan for the years ahead, we’re mindful that any successful strategy must be adaptable. Constellation Energy must be nimble and agile, able and willing to change based upon market dynamics or a sweeping policy pronouncement.
Over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, we intend to deploy up to $1 billion of the cash proceeds from the EDF joint venture toward asset acquisitions in areas where we supply a large volume of power. Producing and selling power in the same market lowers costs and creates other synergies. We also hope to introduce more renewable generation into our portfolio, particularly in Maryland. Earlier this year,
we announced our intention to fund up to $90 million of solar projects. Our company currently has approximately
25 megawatts of solar systems installed or under way in the U.S., ranging from customer-sited rooftop installations to a 17.1-megawatt project in Emmitsburg, Md., which will be among the largest in the U.S. In early April of this year, we finalized an agreement to acquire a 70-megawatt wind energy project in western Maryland, the first such project in the state. New nuclear continues to be an important component of our long-term strategy. Our UniStar Nuclear Energy joint venture with EDF is an active participant in new nuclear development. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantee commitment continues to be one of the critical components in assembling financing for an investment of this scale. We are hopeful a positive decision from DOE
on UniStar’s loan guarantee application for a new Unit 3 at Calvert Cliffs is forthcoming this spring.
The outlook for the energy marketplace today is defined as much by questions as answers. The same probably can be said of the economy overall. We’ve done our best to position the company to deliver strong, stable revenue and share- holder growth in 2010 and in the years ahead. The work
we accomplished in 2009 significantly strengthened and stabilized your company. We’re moving ahead on our growth plans with enthusiasm and a renewed spirit of confidence.
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 7, 2010
 3
