 2
The Way Energy Works
Our success comes from having a strategy for the com- petitive marketplace and the right products and services all along the value chain. We have an unmatched combination of risk management expertise, customer focus and logisti- cal capabilities.
For us, this is the way energy works.
We are now the largest provider of power to wholesale and commercial and industrial customers in North America.
We are succeeding with our regulated utility, Baltimore Gas and Electric (BGE), which ranks among the best
10 percent of comparable companies in operating cost per customer and has earned top-quartile business customer satisfaction ratings from the J.D. Power survey.
We have also demonstrated success in the integration
of businesses that fit with our strategic model. After
adding a series of acquisitions to complement Constellation NewEnergy during 2003, we purchased the Ginna Nuclear Power Plant in 2004 and integrated its 495 megawatts
and staff of 444 employees into our company quickly
and seamlessly.
Throughout our business, we use rigorous method- ologies, like Six Sigma, to improve processes and drive out inefficiencies.
By being a low-cost provider, we remain well positioned for the competitive marketplace. Electric power in particular is a unique commodity, vital to us all and of great economic importance to many businesses. Our customers rely on us to help them strategically manage their energy needs for their own competitive advantage.
Others are noticing. FORTUNE magazine has named us America’s Most Admired Energy Company. We were also selected as 2004 Energy Company of the Year at the Platts Global Energy Awards. This type of recognition
is gratifying and rewarding to our employees, customers and shareholders.
PRODUCING SUPERIOR RETURNS
From November 2001–the start of our competitive strat- egy–through the end of 2004, our stock price appreciated 102 percent. With dividends, that’s a 27 percent average annual return to shareholders.
In 2004, total return to shareholders–with dividends reinvested–was 14.8 percent. Our stock price appreciated 11.6 percent. Our earnings excluding special items grew 17.4 percent to a record $3.24 per share–well above our goal of 10 percent and well above the industry average.
We have kept our promises to Wall Street. Fourth quarter 2004 was the 13th consecutive quarter we have met or exceeded our earnings guidance. That’s a solid track record of proven performance, and we expect to continue the trend.
We also expect to continue increasing our dividend in line with our earnings growth. In January 2005, we announced a 17.5 percent quarterly dividend increase, from 28.5 cents per share to 33.5 cents per share– equivalent to a new annual rate of $1.34 per share.
COMPETITIVE MARKETS ARE THE FUTURE
Competitive markets are good for customers, for the econ- omy and for companies that value efficiency. Competition in energy markets has done what it is supposed to do–it has improved efficiency and lowered costs.
In all, there are now 22 states and three Canadian provinces where customers are benefiting from competi- tive energy markets. More customers have more options in choosing their energy supplier, a trend we believe
will continue.
We are a leading advocate for competitive markets, speaking out on Capitol Hill and supporting public policy efforts in states that have opened their markets to competi- tion and in states that are considering further restructuring.
Our earnings growth projections are based on the existing competitive energy market structure. Over time, however, we believe customers in other states will demand the freedom to choose suppliers in order to reap the ben- efits of competition. We’re well positioned to serve those new markets.
WE HAVE WHAT IT TAKES
Over the last couple of years, we have seen oil and natural gas price volatility and coal prices driven by increased demand from countries like China.

  $200
$150
$100
$50
12/31/01
12/31/02
12/31/03
12/31/04
EARNINGS PER SHARE
(excluding special items)
  04
$2.52
$3.24 $2.76
  03
  02
We minimize the effect of price fluctuations by manag- ing toward price neutrality. Because we use a conservative hedging strategy that balances fuel and power price risk, our earnings growth will be driven by our focus on cus- tomers and operational excellence–rather than commodity price volatility.
Being a competitive entity that operates in an industry with shifting regulatory rules presents challenges ranging from evolving environmental requirements to more rigorous financial reporting standards mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
We have what it takes to meet these challenges–a great strategy, strong assets and employees who consistently excel at executing our plan. In the end, our shareholders benefit from this combination.
WHERE WE’RE HEADED
I am proud of what we have accomplished, and I am excited about our future. We are increasing our share in existing electricity markets and expanding our presence in natural gas and coal markets. At the same time, we are running our businesses more efficiently, leveraging our scale in competitive energy supply and achieving produc- tivity gains in generation and staff activities.
I like where we are headed–continued growth and ongoing superior returns to shareholders.
We’ve shown the way energy should work. Our cus- tomers and employees benefit. Our company grows and prospers. And our shareholders are rewarded.
I am glad you are a part of it. Regards,
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President and CEO March 11, 2005
Growing More Than 10 Percent Annually
We’ve been achieving earnings per share growth averaging more than 10 percent annually, and we expect to continue that success.
Note: See the Financial Highlights table (including the GAAP reconciliation) on the inside front cover for more details.
VALUE OF A $100 INVESTMENT
 $180.72
    $119.97 $111.12
        • Constellation Energy
• Dow Jones Electric Utility Index • S&P 500
Creating Shareholder Value
An investment of $100 in Constellation Energy common stock on December 31, 2001, was worth–with dividends reinvested– $180.72 on December 31, 2004. That’s significantly better than the Dow Jones Electric Utility Index and the S&P 500.
 3
