Our vision is clear. We’re working to be the first-choice
provider for customers seeking energy solutions in the
complex and changing energy marketplace
. Our strategy
starts and ends with
our customers. Meeting their needs
guides all that we do.
We’re prospering and growing
We’ve transformed our company, building a business with
almost $10 billion in revenues. We serve customers in nearly
three dozen states and three Canadian provinces. Our large
commercial and industrial customers include 53 of the
Fortune 100 companies.
The markets rewarded our growth and performance dur-
ing 2003. Our stock price appreciated nearly 41 percent.
Including our $1.04 per share dividend, our total return to
shareholders – assuming the dividend was reinvested – was
45 percent. In January 2004, we increased our dividend
10 percent to an annual rate of $1.14 per share.
In 2003, our earnings – excluding cumulative effects
of changes in accounting principles and special items –
increased 9.5 percent to $2.76 per share, up from $2.52
earnings per share in 2002.
We’re doing it right
Our performance in 2003 is a strong affirmation that we
have the right business model. We have the right pieces –
a leading competitive supply business, a low-cost genera-
tion fleet, and a reliable customer-focused regulated utility.
To those pieces, we add intellectual capital, technology,
market understanding, and disciplined risk management.
In advance of other companies, we saw the importance of
transparency and built an infrastructure to provide the right
metrics and accurately project our results. We have met or
exceeded our earnings guidance in every quarter since then.
That’s nine consecutive quarters as of year end 2003.
We also expanded our risk and financial controls to
ensure we are taking and managing risk in a manner in line
with the interests of our shareholders. In disciplined fashion,
over the last three years, we’ve found opportunities from
among the fallen and restructuring energy companies. We
held out for the right assets at the right prices – NewEnergy,
Fellon-McCord/Alliance Energy Services, Blackhawk
Energy Services, Kaztex Energy Management, the Nine
Mile Point Nuclear Station, the Ginna Nuclear Power
Plant, and several portfolios of customer contracts.
Our strong financial and operating results tell the story.
Our growing sales force, increasing brand recognition,
product excellence, credit strength, and leading management
have us well positioned to continue prospering and growing.
We’re reaching for the future
Reliable energy is critical to our economy and our quality
of life. Two events during 2003 provided an unwelcome
experience of life without energy.
In August, the largest blackout in history hit eight
Midwest and Northeast states and Canada. Major cities –
including New York, Toronto, Cleveland and Detroit –
were left without power. More than 50 million people
were affected, some for days. While this cascading blackout
did not affect our transmission system or utility operations, it did impact our Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station in
New York. We brought the plant safely off line and
then back on line as soon as conditions allowed.
In September, Hurricane Isabel hit the Mid-Atlantic
states, causing $200 million in damage. It disrupted service
to 3.1 million customers – including 790,000 customers of
BGE, our regulated utility in Central Maryland.
Our planning and preparation paid off, and we were able
to restore service to all of our BGE customers in eight days.
For our efforts, we received the Edison Electric Institute
Emergency Response Award.
While hurricanes cannot be avoided, this blackout
could have been.
Its causes and
effects are symptomatic
of the challenges within our fragmented industry.
Imagine the inefficiencies and complexities if every
major city or state had its own particular airline and air
traffic control system ... its own unique computer
technology
and operating system ... its own independently operated
postal service. All with little or no common standards, or
incentive to work together. That describes the fragmentation
of today’s energy industry.
It’s clear that well-functioning competitive energy mar-
kets need standards. They must have a solid structure, clear
rules, a number of competing suppliers, and an open and
reliable transmission system. Customers do not benefit fully
from markets in which individual companies discriminately
control when and how much energy they can receive ... and
at what price they can receive it.
At a time when customers would benefit from well-
functioning competitive markets, some companies in our
industry are grabbing for the past. They’ve retreated from
competitive markets, attempting to restructure back into
the old regulated utility model.
We – on the other hand – are reaching for the future.
Our progressive strategy is distinct from many companies
in our industry. It creates a business designed to succeed
in the reality of today’s competitive markets.
The future is competitive markets
We believe competitive markets will continue to evolve
and grow, eventually dominating the energy landscape
and leading to innovations, efficiencies and growth.
Competition is in the best interests of energy customers,
and it’s good for our economy. Customers need and want
convenience, reliability and efficiency – all at the best value.
In regulated markets where customers have only one
supplier with no ability to choose, the level of convenience,
reliability, efficiency and value is limited by the capability,
willingness and motivation of their one supplier.
In competitive markets where customers can choose
suppliers, the level of convenience, reliability, efficiency
and value continuously improves with the technologies
and skills of companies competing to be the best at meeting
customers’ energy needs.
By letting fair competitive markets work, our industry
will create the potential for developing new ways to deal
with environmental challenges and reliability issues, while
also sending appropriate market signals that will ensure we
have the right amount of generating capacity.
Regulated markets provide no incentives to be innova-
tive. Competitive markets do.
The way energy works
We’re redefining America’s energy industry, and we’re
excited about it. Customers, investors, financial analysts
and even other energy companies have taken note.
I am energized, my team is committed, and our employees
are focused on the opportunity at hand.
We know the way energy works. We also know the
opportunity competitive markets present to create value for
our customers, our economy, our quality of life, and for our
shareholders. And we’ll work tirelessly to realize that value.
Sincerely,
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2004