 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
CONSTELLATION ENERGY HAS TURNED IT ON.
In 2005, our performance reached new heights. We reported record-setting results and made significant strategic strides– including our pending merger with FPL Group–that represent both the culmination of years of hard work and the beginning of an exciting new chapter in our long and distinguished history.
We’ve maintained our position as the leader in competitive energy markets, continually increased productivity and reduced our costs, and consistently achieved earnings growth that ranks among the best in our industry–all of which have enabled us to deliver superior total returns to our shareholders. That’s what I call turning it on.
Our earnings per share in 2005–excluding special items and certain economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting–were a record $3.62. That’s a 16 percent growth rate over our 2004 adjusted earnings. Between late 2001–when our current management team came together and developed and implemented our business model–and December 2005, our stock price appreciated 159 percent. During the same time, assuming reinvestment of dividends, our average annual return to shareholders was 29 percent.
We also continue to deliver on our promises. Our commitment to shareholders has included increasing dividends approximately in-line with our earnings growth. In January 2006, we announced a quarterly dividend increase of nearly 13 percent – from 33.5 cents per share to 37.75 cents per share, equivalent to a new annual rate of $1.51 per share. And with our fourth quarter 2005 financial results, we have met or exceeded our earnings guidance for 17 consecutive quarters.
RIGHT CHOICES. RIGHT RESULTS.
In late 2001, when the energy industry was in a state of flux, we made a crucial strategic decision that has led to our current suc- cess. While others were retreating from competitive markets, we decided to aggressively move forward, creating an unmatched combination of portfolio and risk management expertise, outstanding customer focus and advanced logistical capabilities. Our strategy has gained us significant opportunities and made us a leader all along the energy value chain–from the mouth of the mine to the light switch and everywhere in between.
Today, we are the No. 1 provider of competitive energy in wholesale and retail markets in North America. Our wholesale marketing and risk management operation has built a truly diversified platform across three commodities: power, natural gas and coal. Last year, our Commodities Group added an integrated natural gas platform that far exceeded growth expectations. And our international coal business is establishing itself as a growing player, delivering more than 12 million tons of coal in 2005 to our own fleet, as well as to customers in the United States, Europe and the Far East.
Meanwhile, our retail competitive supply business, Constellation NewEnergy, continues to strengthen its position as the largest supplier of electricity to commercial and industrial customers in North America, including more than two-thirds of the FORTUNE 100 companies.
Baltimore Gas and Electric, our regulated utility in Central Maryland, has a strong track record in customer service, scoring in the top quartile in all three J.D. Power surveys. In addition, BGE’s focus on keeping costs low once again placed it in the top decile of comparable utilities and contributed significantly to our overall earnings. As I write this letter, we are continuing to work diligently with Governor Ehrlich and Maryland officials to ease the transition to market-based electric rates, which are scheduled to take effect July 1, 2006. Although rising prices for the coal, oil and natural gas needed to produce electricity have sent energy costs soaring, residential electricity rates in Maryland have been frozen for six years at 6.5 percent below 1993 levels. No utility, including BGE, can afford to buy power at 2006 prices and collect payment at below 1993 levels. Still, our goal is to make any electric rate increase as manageable as possible for our customers, while also providing BGE with the resources it needs to invest in its infrastructure and maintain its financial strength.
3

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
POSITION OF STRENGTH.
Others have taken notice of our success. The Edison Electric Institute awarded us the power industry’s highest honor–the prestigious 2005 Edison Award – for our leadership in the competitive energy marketplace. FORTUNE magazine named us one of the 100 Fastest-Growing Companies in the country. President George W. Bush visited our flagship Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, where he delivered a speech on energy policy and called for a renewed interest in building the nation’s next generation of nuclear power plants.
While that recognition is gratifying, it’s our successful and balanced business strategy that puts us in a position of strength. Our strategy is on target. We will continue to build on it and deliver on our financial commitments.
Expanding our participation along the energy value chain is the key. We’re working to improve our balance sheet and cash flow, and we use a disciplined investment approach to grow our business. We make investments and acquisitions only if they provide sufficient risk-adjusted returns.
STAYING AHEAD OF THE CURVE.
I believe the energy industry is nearing another phase of major change. This time the major change will be consolidation. Given the benefits of economies of scale and the advantages of serving diversified geographic areas and customers all along the energy value chain, it makes sense that companies will seek partners to form larger and more efficient operations.
Once again, we’re ahead of the curve. In December, we announced our plan to merge with FPL Group. The merger will bring together two of the strongest, fastest-growing and most successful energy companies in America. It is an exciting, strategic com- bination that will position us as what I call an end-game player.
BECOMING AN END-GAME PLAYER.
When the merger receives the required regulatory and shareholder approvals, our combined company not only will be the No. 1 competitive energy supplier in the United States, it will also be the nation’s largest power generator and second-largest electric utility portfolio.
Most importantly, this merger puts us in a position to achieve something very special. Consolidation will increase in the energy industry, with a shift from many, smaller companies to fewer, larger companies. The leaders at the end of this shift will be those with a large diversified geographic reach, cost and efficiency advantages produced by economies of scale, and strong balance sheets.
We’re taking the right strategic steps now–at a time and with a partner of our own choosing–to secure our place as an end-game player in the energy marketplace of the future.
It’s been an exhilarating last four years, with accomplishments beyond even our own expectations. It’s all due to the suc- cess of our bold strategy and the hard work of our employees – it’s their energy that keeps this company turned on. As we move forward and become an end-game player in our consolidating industry, I’m confident that our strong success will continue.
I’m glad to be a part of it and hope you are too.
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman, President and CEO
 April 19, 2006
4
