We lived by the idea that we had to earn our right to grow. That meant some tough decisions and hard
work. It also meant changing or stopping some of the things we were doing and focusing on what we do
best.
The results of our efforts are gratifying: a strong balance sheet, a solid utility business, a fast-growing
competitive supply business, and an enhanced focus on our customers. In addition, we continued our
leadership in full disclosure and delivered strong financial results.
Solid Earnings Growth
Against a backdrop of lowered earnings expectations in our industry, we reported solid earnings growth.
Our reported earnings per share were $3.20 in 2002, compared with $0.57 in 2001. Our 2002 reported
earnings include some benefit from special items —primarily non-core asset sales. Our 2001 reported
earnings included special items as well — primarily losses due to contract termination and workforce
reduction costs. As detailed on the financial highlights page, our earnings for 2002—excluding special
items —were $2.52 per share versus $2.41 per share in 2001.
Our 2002 earnings reflect a negative impact of $0.32 for a shift from mark-to-market to accrual accounting
for certain parts of our competitive supply business, which was precipitated by changes in the way we do
business. This approach was validated by the Emerging Issues Task Force of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issuance of EITF 02-3 late last year.
Despite the implementation of this conservative policy, we were still able to grow our earnings —excluding
special items — 4.6 percent relative to 2001 earnings per share.
Performing Well in a Challenging Environment
For the year, our stock closed up 4.8 percent over the 2001 closing price. Assuming reinvestment of
dividends, our total return to shareholders in 2002 was 8.5 percent. We also doubled our dividend in 2002.
And in January 2003, we announced an additional dividend increase of 8 percent, making it an annual rate
of $1.04 per share, up from $0.96 per share.
When I look back on the challenges we and the rest of the industry faced in 2002, I’m very proud that we
produced such strong financial results and increased the dividend. To see the real strength of our
performance, you have to look at what happened beyond the company.
As we all know, 2002 was a very difficult year, especially for the energy sector. The Dow Jones Utility
Index was down 27 percent. Valuations were affected by the weak energy business environment, the fact
that many companies had earnings decreases year over year, the credibility issues associated with trading
and accounting scandals, and a true credit and liquidity crisis for many of our peers. Sharpening Our Focus
We were one of the first companies to recognize these shifting market dynamics, and we acted quickly.
We increased our focus on generating and selling energy and we sold $708 million of non-core assets
—businesses and operations not directly involved in our core business. We continued to invest in our risk
management processes and strengthen our control procedures. I believe this has put us in the forefront of
the industry. It also has allowed us to avoid many of the issues that befell our competition.
More importantly, we knew that a strong and stable balance sheet would mean the difference between
success and failure. By selling non-core assets and extending the maturity of $2.5 billion of debt, we have
constructed one of the best balance sheets in the industry and positioned our company to grow.
We constructively renegotiated our contract with the California Department of Water Resources, which
allowed us to resolve a significant uncertainty and provide greater visibility into our earnings. We also
made great progress in integrating our new acquisitions —Nine Mile Point and NewEnergy —into the
Constellation family.
And finally, we sharpened our focus on the right business model. Namely, we worked aggressively to
develop further a competitive supply business that balances our generation and regulated distribution
businesses and enhances our growth potential.
Where We’re Headed
Through our competitive supply platform, we serve as the energy cost manager for utilities and large
commercial and industrial customers throughout the country. We moved to expand that business platform
with the acquisitions of NewEnergy from AES, and Fellon-McCord and Alliance Energy Services from
Allegheny Energy.
We have a significant share of a large but fragmented market. In fact, by our estimates, we are the largest
provider of power and energy cost management to wholesale, commercial and industrial customers in
deregulated energy markets. And we’re seeing great opportunities to continue to grow our share.
We believe we have a strong competitive advantage in our customer relationships, our physical assets, our
intellectual capital, and our five years’ experience in modeling, evaluating, assuming, and managing the
unique risks associated with energy supply and cost management.
Why We’ll be Successful
In simple terms, we generate and we sell energy. Most importantly, we meet our customers’ energy needs.
One of the key elements of our future success will be this customer focus. Managing the risk and
complexity of energy use and cost is a unique skill that is highly valued by our large customer base.
We also will be successful by continuing to focus on operational productivity. Process improvement has
become part of our culture, and we have reaped large savings from a number of initiatives throughout the
company. With our launch of Six Sigma in 2002, we have institutionalized the notion that we must keep
getting better and more efficient at everything that we do.
Finally, we will be successful because we have a business model that allows for strong, stable, and
predictable cash flow. We also have a platform that we believe can grow faster than the industry averages.
The employees at Constellation worked very hard last year to create this platform in the face of much
adversity in the industry. Their commitment, dedication, and focus are the main reasons for our success.
Our Thanks
I want also to pay tribute to two retiring Directors who have made significant contributions to this company
for many years. First, Chris Poindexter, my predecessor as Chairman and CEO, has retired from the Board
of Directors. His 35 years of service to this company span from the early years of building the Calvert Cliffs
Nuclear Power Plant to his courageous stewardship of the company through the deregulation process. His
loyalty and impact on Constellation will be a permanent legacy. Bev Byron, retiring in April, has been on
the Board of Directors for 10 years. Her insight and commitment to our company have made a real
difference.
Sincerely,
Mayo A. Shattuck III
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2003
