Celgene Corporation 2013 Annual Report

To Our Shareholders:

At Celgene, we seek to deliver truly innovative and life-changing therapies for patients.

Robert J. Hugin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2013 was a transformational year for Celgene, laying the groundwork to maximize the full potential of our innovative drug discovery, development and commercial capabilities. We achieved record revenues, launched our newest IMiD® POMALYST® (IMNOVID® in Europe), obtained an important new therapeutic indication for ABRAXANE® in metastatic pancreatic cancer, and paved the way for our first market entry in the field of Immunology and Inflammation with OTEZLA® (apremilast).
OTEZLA® moves us for the first time beyond our groundbreaking work in hematology and oncology to establish growth opportunities in new potential applications, creating therapeutic potential for millions of patients and value for our shareholders. While psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis are emerging areas for Celgene, the creation of OTEZLA® dates back 15 years to our own laboratories where the molecule was first synthesized by Celgene scientists. They recognized its potential in the laboratory almost imme diately and multiple teams at Celgene worked together to guide it through critical milestones. Our drug discovery team nurtured OTEZLA® through preclinical testing; we made the strategic decision to develop it in-house, selected the best indications to harness its potential and advanced it through clinical trials to FDA approval. The recent U.S. commercial launch of OTEZLA® capitalizes on the operating momentum we created and delivered in 2013. In fact, the entire history of this novel, oral anti-inflammatory agent is illustrative of our mission to build a fully integrated, global biopharmaceutical company translating scientific discoveries into disease altering therapies.  The operational excellence that creates and progresses these disease-altering innovations also generates industryleading financial performance. Total revenues reached $6.5 billion, an increase of 18 percent year-over-year. Total net product sales of $6.4 billion increased 18 percent, surpassing our original expectation of 11 percent. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5.96 increased 21 percent. We a  ssertively managed our balance sheet to ensure that we have the financial flexibility to deliver on our corporate goals while returning excess capital to shareholders. Revenue growth was realized in all regions: the U.S., Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Japan. We achieved this level of growth despite the entry of competition from the generic version of VIDAZA® in the U.S. Revenues for our flagship product REVLIMID® increased 14 percent to $4.3 billion, building on multiple mile stones and paving the way for strong future growth. In 2013, REVLIMID® was approved for MDS del 5q in Europe and for mantle cell lymphoma in the U.S.--the first REVLIMID® approval in lymphoma. We launched REVLIMID® in China and we ended the year with powerful new data from the MM-020 FIRST® study supporting REVLIMID® in the frontline setting and for continuous use in patients not eligible for transplant. This pivotal study anchors our submission for label expansions in the U.S. and in Europe in 2014. In 2013, we launched pomalidomide under the brand names POMALYST® in the U.S. and IMNOVID® in Europe, followed closely by regulatory approval in Canada early in 2014. The partial year net product sales in excess of $300 million exceeded our expectations. POMALYST®/IMNOVID ® is becoming a market leader in relapsed refractory multiple myeloma and we will continue to explore its utility in combinations with other therapies.

2

Celgene Corporation 2013 Annual Report

We are positioned for sustainable growth with an increasingly diversified revenue mix through 2017 and beyond. Our financial commitment is to generate annual growth of 21% in net product sales and 26% in adjusted diluted earnings through 2017.

Our Oncology franchise also grew. Full year ABRAXANE® sales were $649 million, an increase of 52 percent, driven largely by the first full year of ABRAXANE® sales in non-small cell lung cancer and the U.S. and European approvals in metastatic pancreatic cancer. Our success in translating Phase III studies into registration applications and marketed products creates opportunities for us to replenish our pipeline with continued innovation. To fulfill this need, we have enhanced our internal efforts with external collaborations that have extended our strategic reach and pipeline productivity. In our Hematology franchise we have new and ongoing collaborations with emerging companies with disruptive concepts whose leaders share our vision to advance their technologies to address unmet medical needs. In our R&D pipeline, our next-generation IMiDs®, CC-122 and CC-220, are advancing in programs for lymphoma and inflammatory diseases. We are making significant investments in programs that could be the next disruptive approach to treating disease, such as epigentics, cancer metabolism, and immunotherapy. In addition, we launched a unique program to pair novel complementary drugs such as Tor Kinase inhibitors and BTK inhibitors--new therapeutics with the potential to work in combination to change the treatment landscape. I especially want to emphasize our entry into the field of biologics where we are advancing three novel programs, ACE-011, ACE-536, and MOR 202 through various stages of clinical development. Over the next few years, we anticipate that half of our new Investigational New Drug (IND) candidates will come from our focus on novel biologics.

These efforts create value for Celgene and benefit patients, healthcare systems and economies. Medical innovation has driven about half of all economic growth over the last 50 years1 and offers continued potential to make meaningful differences in the quality and length of our lives. U.S. cancer death rates have fallen 1 percent a year for nearly two decades2 and each 1 percent decline in cancer deaths results in a half-trillion dollars in decreased healthcare costs and increased productivity annually.3 Of future trends that could shape human health, policies that advance medical innovation and patient access are among the most important. At Celgene, we are committed to deliver life-enhancing medical innovation for the future. We currently have 21 clinical development programs, with about 28,000 patients enrolled in more than 100 Celgene-sponsored clinical trials. All of this provides momentum for a future of accelerating growth. We expect our total business to double between now and 2017, with revenues to exceed $13 billion and at least $15 in adjusted diluted earnings per share. We recognize that our success is inextricably linked to making a meaningful difference in the lives of patients worldwide, and to changing the way they are treated in areas of unmet medical need. Toward that end, the promise of our pipeline has never been better, and the future of Celgene has never been brighter than it is today.

Robert J. Hugin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1 Murphy KM and Topel RH. The Value of Health and Longevity. J Polit Econ. 2006: 114(4); 871­904. 2 Kort EJ, Paneth N, Vande Woude GF. Cancer Res. 2009;69:6500­6505. National Cancer Institute, Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER). Available at http://seer.cancer.gov/csr/1975_2009_pops09/browse_csr. php?section=18&page=sect_18_table09.html. Accessed 7/25/13. 3 Murphy KM and Topel RH. The Value of Health and Longevity. J Polit Econ. 2006: 114(5); 871­904.

3

