DEAR

SHAREHOLDER:

W

ith the market launch of THALOMID® (thalidomide)

Meanwhile, CelgroTM, our agrochemical subsidiary, has demonstrated its technological leadership by entering into several new process and product development agreements in the past year.

last October, Celgene achieved a major milestone on its way to becoming an integrated pharmaceutical company. Celgene has now joined the ranks of pharmaceutical development companies that have their own sales forces, product revenues, and ongoing drug discovery efforts aimed at major unmet medical needs. THALOMID (thalidomide), the first of our immunotherapeutic products, was approved for the treatment of erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL) by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last summer. For the distribution of this product, Celgene has created a tightly controlled prescription access and fulfillment program that sets a new standard for responsible pharmaceutical marketing. Since the approval and launch of THALOMID (thalidomide), Celgene has set out to realize the full medical and commercial potential of the drug -- through new licensing agreements, clinical evaluations in cancer and other indications, and the discovery of thalidomide analogs to treat inflammatory diseases and other difficult and important diseases. The required scientific and regulatory reviews will take several years; however, our efforts and successes in 1998 in these areas have already added substantially to shareholder value. With the approval of our first drug, we have demonstrated that we can successfully navigate the drug development and regulatory process -- a capability that is vital for the eventual success of the compounds in our growing pipeline. Celgene is steadily advancing several of these new compounds through the clinical trials required for FDA approval.

FDA Approval for THALOMID (thalidomide)

In July, Celgene announced that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had approved the Company's New Drug Application to market and sell THALOMID (thalidomide) for the treatment of ENL. ENL is a severe and debilitating condition associated with leprosy. Our fourth-quarter and year-end 1998 reports show that sales of THALOMID (thalidomide) have been increasing since the market launch of the drug. In early 1999, the National Organization for Rare Diseases (NORD) selected Celgene to receive its Corporate Leadership Award in recognition of our efforts to obtain approval for the use of THALOMID (thalidomide) to treat ENL.

Thalidomide Has Potential in Cancer and Wasting Disease

Thalidomide is being investigated as a treatment for several major medical problems. Based on research by Dr. Judah Folkman's group at Children's Hospital of Harvard University documenting the drug's ability to inhibit the growth of blood vessels that feed certain tumors (a property known as anti-angiogenesis), Celgene acquired additional rights to thalidomide from EntreMed, Inc. in a collaborative sublicensing agreement. The acquisition included exclusive worldwide rights to EntreMed's patents and technology related to

1998 Operating Highlights

JANUARY x Celgene announces sale of Chiral Intermediates business to Cambrex Corporation for $15.0 million.

MARCH x Celgene Phase I dose escalation clinical trial of lead SelCIDTM initiated. APRIL

JUNE x Celgene announces the signing of an agreement with Biovail Laboratories Incorporated granting Biovail exclusive Canadian marketing rights to d-MPH in exchange for Biovail purchase of $2.5 million of Celgene stock at a 25% premium and potential licensing fees and significant royalties.

J U LY x FDA approves THALOMID (thalidomide) for the treatment of ENL.

x Celgene names Joseph J. Day, Jr. as Sr. Vice President, Business Development.

x Celgene names two new directors; Jack L. Bowman and Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D.

C E L G E N E C O R P O R AT I O N

1

thalidomide, as well as the orphan drug designations awarded EntreMed by the FDA. Further, our acquisition included the transfer to Celgene of sponsorship of ongoing clinical trials of thalidomide in non-small-cell lung cancer, metastatic renal cell cancer, brain cancer, prostate cancer, breast cancer, and others. Another key feature of this agreement is the assumption of a partnership with the National
J OHN W. J ACKSON

Chiral Pharmaceuticals: Our Next Potential Commercial Opportunity

The progress we made in 1998 was not limited to THALOMID (thalidomide). Our chiral pharmaceuticals program -- which seeks to develop therapeutically equivalent, but potentially safer, formulations of proven major pharmaceuticals -- received important scientific and commercial validation this past year. Building on the promising clinical results seen in earlier studies, Celgene launched a Phase III evaluation program of d-methylphenidate hydrochloride (d-MPH) for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. d-MPH is the chirally pure version of dl-methylphenidate, available as Ritalin® and other formulations, a product estimated to generate more than $400 million in sales each year. Celgene was also assigned a patent based on technology developed by Elite Laboratories that will protect Celgene's ability to develop

Cancer Institute for clinical trials of thalidomide. The EntreMed agreement, announced in December 1998, followed a scientific presentation on thalidomide at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology. In the presentation, researchers from the Arkansas Cancer Research Center reported that in a clinical trial of thalidomide in multiple myeloma, a significant portion (29 percent) of patients receiving therapy experienced a significant response. Additional studies of THALOMID (thalido®

"Anti-angiogenesis appears to have significant promise as an entirely new way of treating cancer."

certain controlled-release versions of d-MPH. Earlier in 1998, Celgene announced that it had signed its first licensing agreement, giving Biovail Laboratories Incorporated exclusive Canadian marketing rights to d-MPH. Under the agreement, Biovail purchased $2.5 million of Celgene stock at a 25 percent premium. Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the Company will also receive licensing fees and thereafter, significant royalties from Biovail sales of d-MPH.

mide) as a treatment for leukemia, brain and other cancers are being conducted by medical institutions in the United States and elsewhere around the world. Also in 1998, Celgene announced results from its evaluation of THALOMID (thalidomide) as a possible treatment for cachexia, the wasting syndrome associated with AIDS. In a presentation at the 12th Annual World AIDS Conference in Geneva, our researchers reported that a six-month administration of THALOMID (thalidomide) produced significant increases in body weight in patients with AIDS-associated weight loss.

Substantial Progress in New Immunotherapeutic Agents

Celgene's immunotherapeutics program seeks to develop drugs to suppress excessive levels

J U LY x Celgene reports that administration of THALOMID (thalidomide) in patients with AIDS-associated weight loss (cachexia) for up to six months affords statistically significant increases in body weight.

SEPTEMBER x Celgene awarded Patent No. 5,798,368 for both composition of matter and therapeutic uses of compounds in the Company's novel IMiDTM family of immunological drugs.

x Celgene announces that results of a Phase I multiple-oral-dose study of CDC801 in humans demonstrated that the compound was well tolerated in the trial. x Celgene announces its intention to investigate THALOMID (thalidomide) for use in multiple myeloma.

OCTOBER x Celgene announces the nationwide launch of THALOMID (thalidomide) for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations of moderate-to-severe ENL, a severe and debilitating condition associated with leprosy. x Celgene initiates pivotal Phase III clinical trials of d-methylphenidate (d-MPH) at more

2

1998 ANNUAL REPORT

of a protein called tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF), which is linked to many acute and chronic inflammatory diseases. Celgene is an industry leader in basic and clinical research in this area: Our approach focuses on development of orally available, small molecule drugs from two unique chemical classes we have termed IMiDs , or Immuno Modulating
TM

THALOMID® (thalidomide) sales, research contracts, and commercial collaborations. In January 1999, the Company completed a $15 million financing with the John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company and several of its affiliates. The considerable achievements of 1998 have given us a strong foundation for developing even greater commercial and scientific opportunities. We expect to complete several important clinical trials in our SelCIDs and chiral pharmaceuticals programs. We are attracting strong industry interest in this research. Additionally, we are working to strengthen and expand our responsible marketing of THALOMID (thalidomide) while aggressively exploring potential new applications for this remarkable therapeutic product. Our accomplishments in 1998 were the result of a vigorous, focused strategy for achieving our commercial and scientific objectives. The contributions of our employees were indispensable to our success. We appreciate their efforts and hard work. We also want to thank you, our shareholders and friends, for your continued support and interest.
S OL J. B ARER , P H .D.

Drugs, and SelCIDsTM, or Selective Cytokine Inhibitory Drugs. Celgene made substantial progress last year in the SelCIDs program. Our most notable achievement was the filing of an Investigational New Drug Application to begin Phase II clinical trials of the lead SelCID candidate, CDC 801, for treatment of Crohn's disease. It is estimated that approximately 125,000-200,000 Americans suffer from moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease. The trials are being conducted at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles. A Phase I safety trial has already been completed successfully. Studies in selected other diseases will follow. Our work on the IMiDs, the Company's novel class of thalidomide derivatives, also progressed in 1998. Celgene research has determined that the IMiDs are up to 10,000 times more potent than thalidomide in inhibiting excessive levels of TNF. This past year, Celgene was awarded a key patent for these compounds, which covered both their composition of matter and therapeutic applications.

"We're excited about the broad potential of our pipeline to treat immunological, inflammatory, oncological, and central nervous system disorders."

JOHN W. JACKSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Building Celgene's Future

Celgene's revenue performance improved in 1998 as we realized growing revenue from

SOL J. BARER, PH.D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

than 30 clinical centers across the United States and Canada. x Celgene Corporation subsidiary, CelgroTM, signs two separate agreements for the application of its proprietary chiral technology for two agrochemicals. x Celgene receives new orphan drug designation for THALOMID (thalidomide) for the treatment of multiple myeloma.

NOVEMBER x Research presented at the national meeting of the American Heart Association determined that several SelCIDs effectively suppress production of TNF linked to congestive heart failure.

x Celgene announces it is acquiring U.S. Patent No. 5,837,284 entitled "Improved Delivery of Multiple Doses of Medication" from Elite Laboratories, Inc. for d-MPH. x Celgene announces filing of an Investigational New Drug Application with the FDA for its lead SelCID for the treatment of Crohn's disease.

DECEMBER x Celgene acquires the exclusive worldwide rights to EntreMed's patents and technology for thalidomide.

C E L G E N E C O R P O R AT I O N

3

