Dear Fellow Shareholders:

John W. Jackson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

In 2004, we made great strides in many areas, as Celgene completed its second successful year as a profitable company ­ and prepared for a promising future. As we move forward, we take great pride in the fact that we are helping tens of thousands of patients worldwide and improving people's lives.

"Celgene completed its second successful year as a profitable company ­ and prepared for a promising future."
REVLIMID®, Our Most Advanced New Drug Candidate

During 2004, total revenue increased by 39% to $377.5 million, while net income rose more than two-fold to $52.8 million, or $0.31 per diluted share. We finished the year with $748.5 million in cash and marketable securities. In October, our Board of Directors announced a two-for-one stock split.

REVLIMID (lenalidomide), has received "fast track" designation and orphan drug status from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). REVLIMID is showing promise in several important studies, including the large, randomized, controlled Phase III multiple myeloma (MM) special protocol assessment trials ­ and Phase II trials for myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). The REVLIMID Phase III trials included patients

Our financial results have enabled us to reinvest a great deal of capital in our future. In 2004, we devoted more than 40% of our revenue to research and development. As a consequence of our ongoing investment in cutting-edge science, we now have a robust pipeline comprising 19 compounds, six of which are in clinical trials.
TOTA L R E V E N U E
04 03 02 01 00

with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, and overwhelmingly exceeded expectations for efficacy during an interim review. The Phase III trials enrolled 705 patients and are being conducted at 97 sites worldwide, including sites in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia. In addition to the initial positive efficacy profile of REVLIMID, its preliminary safety profile also appeared favorable.

Dollars in Millions

377.5 271.5 135.7 114.2 84.9

Celgene recently completed the rolling submission of its New Drug Application (NDA) for REVLIMID to the Division of Oncology Drug Products at the FDA for review. The Company's NDA is seeking approval to market REVLIMID as a treatment for transfusiondependent patients with myelodysplastic syndromes

2

Celgene Corporation

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D. President and Chief Operating Officer

(MDS) with a 5q deletion chromosomal abnormality. If approved, REVLIMID® could have a profound positive effect on the lives of tens of thousands of patients around the world and on Celgene.

"Central to the value we are building is our intellectual property estate."
forward to being able to market THALOMID for use in multiple myeloma. In October 2004, we received an "approvable" letter from the FDA, and expect to submit an amendment to this application in 2Q of 2005.

REVLIMID and other Celgene compounds continue to generate excitement among the medical and clinical communities. THALOMID® (thalidomide) is the subject of more than 100 ongoing trials worldwide in multiple indications. REVLIMID is being evaluated in more than 30 clinical trials. At the American Society of Hematology meeting in December 2004, 113 abstracts dealing with Celgene products were presented.

Since THALOMID can have serious side effects, an important feature of its use is our innovative and proprietary S.T.E.P.S.® (System for Thalidomide Education and Prescribing Safety) program, which

THALOMID Delivers the Resources that Drive Celgene THALOMID was the chief driver of our financial success ­ as a result of the growing volume of positive clinical data presented at major international medical meetings and in peer-reviewed journals. Sales of THALOMID totaled $308.6 million, versus $223.7 million the prior year ­ as an increasing number of patients benefited from our product. We look
R & D I N V E STM E N T
04 03 02 01 00

mandates a series of strict controls to assure ­ to the maximum extent possible ­ patients' safe access to the drug. In November 2004, Celgene licensed certain intellectual property from its S.T.E.P.S. program to several companies in the pharmaceutical industry that make and distribute a beneficial but potentially harmful drug. As drug safety has increasingly become a subject of public concern, we anticipate that our S.T.E.P.S. program may be more widely

Dollars in Millions

used to enable healthcare providers to offer
160.9 122.7

significant clinical benefits to patients in need while reducing the risk of serious side effects. In 2004, our Ritalin®/FOCALINTM franchise contributed

84.9 67.6 56.1

$38.6 million to our income statements. Under an agreement with Novartis, which markets the drugs, Celgene receives royalty payments on the

2004 Annual Report

3

entire Ritalin® family of products, which are used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Revenue from Ritalin-related products is expected to continue growing in 2005. In October, encouraging results regarding the newest compound in this family, long-acting FOCALIN-XRTM, were reported at the annual meeting of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. One adult and two pediatric clinical studies suggested that investigational once-daily ADHD treatment with this drug is safe and effective for both children and adults. Based on these results, Novartis filed a New Drug Application in July 2004, seeking approval for FOCALIN-XR; FDA review is expected to be completed by late May of this year.

have the potential to help change standard of care ­ and to contribute to our commercial success. Many biopharmaceutical companies tend to have a narrow focus, but Celgene pursues drug targets that may be capable of treating a broad range of important diseases.

Our numerous innovative small molecule programs include our proprietary immunomodulatory investigational agents, or IMiDs®, such as ACTIMIDTM, CC-11006 and CC-10015. In addition, we are conducting leading research in cellular signaling technology with our kinase and ligase inhibitor programs. We are also doing important work with oral TNF alpha and Phosphodieserase 4 inhibitors and a class of compounds called benzopyrans. Our Celgene Cellular Therapeutics unit is engaged in groundbreaking research on non-

Like THALOMID®, FOCALINTM and the Ritalin product family, ALKERAN® contributed to our 2004 revenue performance. This drug, which we market and distribute through an agreement with GlaxoSmithKline, is an established therapy for the treatment of multiple myeloma ­ and thus complements our clinical product portfolio.

controversial sources of stem cells. In 2004, this cell therapy research led to an FDA-allowed investigational new drug application for our initial stem cell trial in a sickle cell anemia program. Our diverse pipeline of products have the potential to target diseases that range from blood and solid tumor cancers to inflammatory and immunological disorders.

Advanced Therapies with Transforming Potential Beyond REVLIMID® and the other therapies we are already marketing successfully, Celgene has a rich and deep pipeline of novel compounds that we believe

Central to the value we are building at Celgene is our solid intellectual property estate. We have taken great care to assemble patents that cover a wide variety of areas across multiple discovery and regulatory programs, ranging from composition of matter, pharmaceutical

D I LUTE D E A R N I N G S P E R S H A R E
04 03 02 01 00 0

composition and process patents, to methods of treatment, screening methodologies, business methods
0.31

and diagnostics. Because we have the capability to
0.15 -0.59 -0.01 -0.12

finance new drug development from the revenue generated by our current product portfolio, we have been able to retain full ownership of the rights to our core pharmaceutical properties. The result is that we will be able to realize the full financial potential of

4

Celgene Corporation

"Celgene has a rich and deep pipeline of novel compounds that we believe has the potential to help change the standard of care."
nearly all the drugs in our research and clinical pipeline for our shareholders.

sales of thalidomide continue to be delivered through S.T.E.P.S.®, our industry-leading controlled distribution system, and through Pharmion's PRMPTM (Pharmion Risk Management Program) ­ our S.T.E.P.S.®- like program licensed to Pharmion.

Finally, we expanded our global capabilities by establishing Celgene International in Switzerland, a move that will favorably position us to optimize the potential of future international commercial opportunities. A Highly Promising Future As Celgene moved closer in 2004 to its goal of building a market-leading global biopharmaceutical company, we took several important steps to strengthen our position. In December, we moved to new headquarters in Summit, New Jersey, where we now have expanded office and lab space. During the year, we also integrated strategic THALOMID® manufacturing capabilities through our acquisition of Penn-T Pharmaceuticals in the United Kingdom, a transaction that positions us to increase access to THALOMID for patients in need. In order to make this drug even more accessible to patients around the world, we expanded our collaboration agreement with Pharmion Corporation, which develops and distributes THALOMID outside the United States. In addition, this agreement included granting Pharmion license rights to develop and market thalidomide in three new Asian territories: Hong Kong, Korea and Taiwan. Both companies' global With our strong management team, the remarkable dedication of our 749 employees worldwide, and the continued support of our partners and shareholders ­ all of whom played an important role in our 2004 success ­ we are optimistic that Celgene will continue to build momentum in the years ahead.
E M P LOY E E S
04 03 02 01 00

We expect that 2005 will be another profitable year for Celgene. Our THALOMID franchise remains an important part of the financial engine continuing to deliver the resources that drive Celgene to meet its objectives. Moreover, should REVLIMID®, THALOMID and FOCALIN-XRTM receive FDA approval and label expansion over the next twelve months, our company will have taken a major step toward becoming a world-class competitor in the biopharmaceutical industry ­ and making a difference in the lives of many thousands of patients who are suffering from serious disabling diseases.

749 703 394 326

John W. Jackson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
251 President and Chief Operating Officer

2004 Annual Report

5

