Sol J. Barer, Ph.D Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
We're pleased to report that 2006 was another extraordinary year of accomplishment for Celgene.
Our achievements on the commercial, regulatory and international fronts resulted in our fourth straight year of record revenue, strong cash flow and rising profitability. We also received two drug approvals, launched three products for three additional indications, reported a number of trials, received positive reviews in 41 peer-reviewed publications and extended our international operations to nearly 35 countries. Thanks to the outstanding work of our exceptional commercial, clinical and research teams, we continued to make exciting progress on a number of fronts, not the least of which is our companywide commitment at Celgene -- to discover, develop and commercialize breakthrough oral therapies with the potential to improve the lives of patients worldwide. Our commercial team successfully executed three product launches within seven months and, with the rollout of REVLIMID®, delivered the highest launch-year revenue ever for a hematology-oncology therapeutic. Clinical data published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at medical meetings worldwide continues to increase acceptance of our innovative oral cancer therapies by the global medical community, enabling more healthcare providers to deliver quality outcomes for their patients. In the clinical arena, REVLIMID was approved for patients who have been
4

previously treated for multiple myeloma, while THALOMID® was approved for patients newly diagnosed with multiple myeloma. We also submitted three investigational new drug applications (INDs) in the United States, while we continued progress on regulatory submissions worldwide. As a result of our significant commitment to research, we discovered a new series of potent immunomodulators, advanced new promising drugs into preclinical studies and accelerated our pioneering work with placental-derived stem cells. Internationally, we continued to build our global infrastructure, hiring world-class personnel and establishing operations throughout Europe as well as Canada, Australia and Japan. We also made significant progress from a financial perspective. Our impressive financial results for 2006 were driven by record revenue and profits. T otal revenue for the year reached a record high of nearly $900 million -- a 67% increase over 2005. Adjusted net income for the year was approximately $210 million. These results were driven largely by rapidly growing demand for REVLIMID and sales of THALOMID. T otal sales of REVLIMID reached $321 million for the year, while THALOMID sales reached $433 million, up from $388 million in 2005. THALOMID sales were driven by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) approval of the therapy specifically for

Robert J. Hugin President & Chief Operating Officer

newly diagnosed multiple myeloma -- the first FDA approval of an oral compound for this indication in more than 40 years. Our revenue from the FOCALINTM and Ritalin® family of drugs totaled almost $75 million, an increase of more than 41%. ALKERAN® sales reached $50 million, which also represents an increase over 2005. We believe these exceptional results illustrate an appropriate balance between our focus on bottom-line performance and the expenditures needed to extend our REVLIMID® franchise in the United States and prepare for its 2007 launch in other key markets around the world. During the year, Celgene was added to the S&P 500 Index. This event gave us a unique opportunity to complete a $1 billion equity offering -- the largest-ever biotech follow-on offering in which the proceeds were retained by the Company. Due to this success, we ended the year with approximately $2 billion in cash, giving us the financial flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategies. We both assumed new leadership roles in 2006. (Sol J. Barer, Ph.D, was named Chief Executive Officer in May, and, in early 2007, was elected Chairman of the Board; Robert J. Hugin was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer.) In addition, we named David W. Gryska Chief Financial Officer, and appointed Thomas O. Daniel, M.D., to the newly created position of President of

Research. T ogether with the exceptional leadership team already in place, these additions will help us build Celgene into a major global biopharmaceutical corporation. Above all else, 2006 was the year of REVLIMID; it is the standard bearer for our expanding line of IMiDs® compounds. We believe our IMiDs pipeline holds significant potential to treat numerous unmet medical needs, from hematological cancers and solid tumors to neurological and inflammatory disorders. At the start of the year, we launched REVLIMID as a treatment for patients with transfusion-dependent anemia resulting from low-risk or intermediate-1-risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities. Halfway through the year we gained a second approval for REVLIMID and launched it as an oral combination therapy with dexamethasone for previously treated patients with multiple myeloma. Less than six months later -- as a result of unprecedented data reported at major medical meetings -- the authoritative National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) recommended REVLIMID for patients with both newly diagnosed and previously treated multiple myeloma. An impressive performance, to be sure. But, for Celgene and REVLIMID, we feel it's only the beginning. We are committed to

5

Total Revenue
(in millions of dollars) 899

537

exploring the full clinical potential of REVLIMID® in a range of hematological and other indications. Numerous trials are already under way, and REVLIMID clinical development is expanding, with more than 75 clinical studies ongoing or to be initiated in 2007 worldwide. T o maximize the commercial potential of REVLIMID worldwide, we are building a highly efficient global infrastructure that will support our international regulatory activities, as well as our commercial initiatives, at the local level, to secure approvals for global pricing, reimbursement and product distribution. In 2006, we acquired an active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing facility in Zofingen, Switzerland. This facility will expand our global commercial manufacturing capabilities and enhance the strategic control of production worldwide. As a result of the positive opinion from the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products (EMEA) on our REVLIMID Marketing Authorization Application as a treatment for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy, we are implementing our plans for the European regulatory approval of REVLIMID, which will trigger activities for product launches in nearly 30 European Union (EU) countries. In addition to our EU filings, we submitted regulatory filings in Switzerland, Canada and Australia in 2006, and are anticipating filings in Japan in 2008. In addition to our IMiDs® compounds, such as CC-4047, CC-11006 and CC-10015, we have advanced promising oral tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) inhibitors into phase-two clinical trials involving inflammatory conditions such as psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis as part of a strategy to understand the activity of this unique

proprietary class of compounds toward developing a regulatory plan. We expect to submit new INDs in 2007 and conduct clinical trials with placental stem cells within the next 18 months. At Celgene, we are committed to building the leading hematology/oncology franchise in the world. This dedication to medical progress goes hand in hand with a corresponding commitment to ensure that eligible patients have access to the clinical benefits of our innovative oral therapies. We firmly believe that REVLIMID has the potential to make a dramatic difference in the lives of tens of thousands of patients suffering from debilitating diseases worldwide. We are also convinced that our expertise and dedication, together with our innovative and expanding pipeline of unique compounds, will continue to advance the promise and potential of Celgene as we strive to meet the unmet medical needs of patients the world over.

378 271

136

'02

'03

'04

'05

'06

Cash & Cash Equivalents
(in millions of dollars) 1,982

749 667

724

261

'02

'03

'04

'05

'06

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Earnings Per Share
(in dollars) .53

.17

.20

Robert J. Hugin President & Chief Operating Officer

.04 '02 '03 '04 '05 '06

­.32

6

