"At Celgene, we seek to deliver truly innovative and life-changing therapies for patients. "

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2015 was a dynamic year in which our highly dedicated teams around the world simultaneously delivered on our near-term objectives while continuing to aggressively build the foundation for long-term growth. Total revenue grew 21% to $9.3 billion, and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) grew 27% to $4.71, reflecting an improvement in adjusted operating margin of 140 basis points. During the year we repurchased $3.3 billion of common stock underscoring our strong confidence in our company's future and our continued support of shareholders' interests. We ended the year in a strong financial position providing flexibility to invest in near- and longterm growth drivers. The strength of our franchises has never been greater. Our sales growth was volume-driven for each of our flagship products made possible by increased market share, approvals in new indications and global expansion. The Hematology / Oncology franchise sales grew 16% driven by REVLIMID®, POMALYST® and ABRAXANE®. In our Inflammation & Immunology franchise, OTEZLA® achieved sales of $472 million marking the most successful first full year of sales in its highly competitive category.

CELGENE CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 4

THE YEAR IN REVIEW

TOTAL NET PRODUCT SALES*
[DOLLARS IN BILLIONS]

EARNINGS PER SHARE [EPS]*
[DOLLARS PER SHARE]

$10 $9 $8 $7 $6 $5 $4 $3 $2 $1 0

21% CAGR

$5

27% CAGR

$4

$3

$2

$1

0 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15

*Adjusted financial measure 1) CAGR calculated using 2010 and 2015.

*Adjusted financial measure 1) CAGR calculated using 2010 and 2015. 2) All prior periods are split adjusted.

The momentum of our commercial portfolio provides the financial ability for us to invest in the future. 2015 was a transformational year as we made key strategic investments that further extend and enhance our franchises. In July, we acquired Receptos, Inc., adding a potentially best-in-class molecule in Phase III trials for multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. Additionally, we entered into strategic immuno-oncology collaborations with AstraZeneca PLC and Juno Therapeutics, Inc., which are expected to further advance our leadership position in this critical, emerging area of research. These collaborations and other investments complement our existing pipeline and place us on strong footing for the years ahead. We are currently expecting results from at least 18 Phase III trials beginning in the middle of

2016 through the middle of 2018, leaving us well positioned to achieve or exceed our 2020 financial targets of over $21 billion in sales and over $13.00 in adjusted EPS. There are over 30 exciting and novel therapies in the early-to-mid-stage pipeline that represent our next wave of potential breakthroughs. Fueling the pipeline is an integrated, distributed R&D model that is designed to accelerate the pace of discovery and improve the efficiency of development. Taken together, we have the potential for over 50 new product approvals in more than 100 indications across the business, supporting our confidence in sustained growth past 2020. As we move the vast array of current opportunities through late-stage clinical trials and toward commercial introduction, we build

PAGE 5

CELGENE CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

THE YEAR IN REVIEW

OPERATING MARGIN*
[PERCENT]

INVESTMENT IN RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT*
[DOLLARS IN BILLIONS]

$2.5
OPERATING MARGIN 52.0% 45.1%

$2.0

$1.5
25.8% R&D 22.1% 21.7%

22.8%

SG&A

$1.0

$0.5
COGS 6.5% 4.2%

0 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15

*Adjusted financial measure

*Adjusted financial measure

on a strong foundation of global commercial, clinical and R&D excellence that is expected to continue to generate the significant momentum and leverage necessary to meet and exceed our ambitious financial targets. Our success is driven in large part by our pursuit of disruptive innovation for patients. Consider multiple myeloma, where over the past 15 years we significantly invested in advancing transformational therapies for patients with this incurable blood cancer. During this timeframe we successfully developed and launched three different products--THALOMID®, REVLIMID® and POMALYST®. The introduction of new products and the improvements in healthcare have steadily increased survival rates for patients with multiple myeloma from approximately three years to over a decade.

While the improvement in survival is dramatic, our job is not finished. We continue to invest in ways to improve on this outcome by advancing next-generation products and novel approaches that harness the power of the immune system to fight the disease and prevent it from returning. We and others believe there is a real possibility to develop a cure. This approach exemplifies our innovation strategy across every therapeutic area we serve. We treat the approval of our first therapy for a disease not as the finish line, but rather as the start of an ongoing commitment to medical innovation. We are not satisfied with the current state for patients and we will always push ourselves, our partners and the healthcare system to do more.

CELGENE CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 6

THE YEAR IN REVIEW

Our focus on disruption positions us to thrive in the healthcare marketplace of the future. As we look ahead, we see a broader healthcare system that is changing rapidly, shaped by accelerating technological innovation and major trends such as:
ADVANCES IN MOLECULAR BIOLOGY driven by enhanced understand-

ing of the human genome and intracellular function;
DATA ANALYTICS AND HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, which are

redefining the R&D ecosystem and placing more power in the hands of the consumer;
NEXT-GENERATION DIAGNOSTICS, which are creating new patient-

driven insights that are enabling precision medicine approaches to drug development and treatment choices;
THE POTENTIAL THREAT TO INNOVATION from price controls and access restrictions that fail to recognize the value innovative therapies bring to patients and the healthcare system; and CHANGING DEMOGRAPHICS and the impact of a growing and aging population of insured consumers.

We see these trends as opportunities to advance disruptive solutions. We are continuously engaging the entire healthcare ecosystem in a spirit of partnership to advance new research and new therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients' lives, and that demonstrate value to all parts of the healthcare system. Looking to the next decade and beyond, Celgene has never been stronger or better positioned to achieve our business objectives, to develop and deliver important new therapies, and to make a meaningful impact in the lives of patients around the world.

Robert J. Hugin, Executive Chairman

Mark J. Alles, Chief Executive Officer

PAGE 7

CELGENE CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

