Dear Fellow Shareholders:

During 2002 we expanded our commercial operations, advanced our ongoing drug development programs, and strengthened our development pipeline with the addition of a new class of compounds. As a result of these successes, we have moved significantly closer

The published and presented data demonstrated that newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients and metastatic renal cell cancer patients treated with THALOMID, in combination with standard therapies, experienced a significant reduction in the severity of their disease. Based on these data, we designed the pivotal trials to investigate the use of THALOMID to treat newly diagnosed multiple myeloma and metastatic renal cell carcinoma and file appropriate regulatory applications to seek marketing approval for these diseases. The trial designs were finalized by the FDA through its Special Protocol Assessment Program. The pivotal trial in multiple myeloma began in

John W. Jackson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

December 2002 and the renal cell cancer trial is scheduled to begin in 2003.

to our goal of becoming a highly profitable, global biopharmaceutical company. Total product revenues for 2002 grew by 46 percent to $123 million from $84 million in 2001. Most of this growth came from THALOMID® (thalidomide) sales, which increased by 45 percent to a record $119 million from $82 million. We believe the growth in THALOMID sales will continue to be considerable, especially as new clinical data are presented. During 2002, data from several Phase II clinical trials of THALOMID validated the regimens we will evaluate in the pivotal trials of THALOMID in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma and renal cell carcinoma.

Clinical investigators recently presented data from the first clinical trials of THALOMID in thyroid cancer, myelofibrosis (a disease of the bone marrow) and complex regional pain syndrome. The growing body of clinical data provides valuable insight into how THALOMID may help patients in the future. Also contributing to total revenue in 2002 was our strategic alliance with Novartis. During the year, Novartis launched FocalinTM (d-methylphenidate) and Ritalin® LA for the treatment of attention deficit disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD) and worked to establish both products in the competitive ADD/ ADHD marketplace. Through our agreement

6

Celgene Corporation

with Novartis, we receive royalties not only on Focalin but also on Ritalin®, Ritalin LA and Ritalin SR. We expect royalties and milestone payments from Novartis to continue to make meaningful contributions to our total revenue and to our operating profits. We significantly strengthened our commercial franchise -- and also our commitment to hematology and oncology patients--by making several acquisitions. Our intellectual property estate for one of our most significant programs, the IMiDsTM, was broadened by the strategic acquisition of exclusive rights to the intellectual property covering thalidomide analogs from Children's Hospital in Boston and EntreMed, Inc. Celgene also completed a strategic equity investment in EntreMed, Inc. in December 2002. In addition to THALOMID and FocalinTM, our portfolio of marketed products now includes ALKERAN® and placental stem cell products. ALKERAN is approved for the treatment of multiple myeloma and ovarian cancer. The strategic agreement we entered into with GlaxoSmithKline to promote and distribute ALKERAN gives us increased opportunities to leverage our newly expanded oncology sales force and to provide these important oncology therapies to the patients who need them. To expand our hematological franchise and strengthen our research capability, we acquired Anthrogenesis Corp. Anthrogenesis has discovered and developed proprietary

technology to procure, process and differentiate stem cells from the human placenta. From this source, Anthrogenesis is able to recover large quantities of highly-versatile stem cells that appear to have many of the characteristics previously attributed to only

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

embryonic stem cells; however, unlike the embryo, the placenta is a non-controversial source of stem cells. Through our commercial organization, we plan to provide hematologists and oncologists with ready access to a large, renewable source of stem cells for use in a wide range of therapeutic applications. The strategic alliance of Celgene and Anthrogenesis leverages all of our commercial and scientific franchises and complements our pipeline of oncology products. In our initial collaboration with Anthrogenesis, some of our small - molecule drugs demonstrated the ability to selectively differentiate placental stem cells. This exciting finding from this partnership encouraged us

Annual Report 2002

7

to further investigate the transforming potential of placental stem cells. We believe that stem cells will revolutionize the way physicians treat many serious diseases and will enhance the way scientists develop innovative medicines. By playing a key role in this process, Celgene will help patients realize the full therapeutic benefits of stem cells more rapidly.

biopharmaceutical company. REVIMID is a member of our IMiDTM class of drugs, which are analogs of thalidomide. In Phase II clinical studies, REVIMID has demonstrated anti-cancer activity both as a single agent and in combination with other therapies. For example, in a Phase II trial of REVIMID in combination with dexamethasone, 96 % of patients experienced either stabilization or reduction of their disease following treatment. Based on this finding, we initiated a pivotal

Robust Development Pipeline
THALOMID® Sales Growth
Dollars in Millions

program to evaluate the same REVIMID regimen in refractory and relapsed multiple myeloma. We also initiated a pivotal program for REVIMID in metastatic melanoma based on previously presented data from a Phase I/II trial in solid tumor cancers. A third potential indication for REVIMID emerged in 2002: myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). MDS is a hematological malignancy that affects approximately 50,000 people in the United States. In a Phase I/II clinical trial, clinical investigators reported that REVIMID demonstrated substantial erythropoietic (red blood cell-forming) activity in MDS patients. Some patients who were dependent on regular blood transfusions to maintain an acceptable level of health achieved transfusion independence after REVIMID therapy. Most exciting, five patients with a specific chromosome abnormality called 5q minus experienced a complete genetic response. REVIMID has received fast track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

Our commercial franchise, driven primarily by THALOMID, fuels the development of our extensive pipeline. We

119.0

82.0

believe that this pipeline,
62.7

which consists of several different classes of novel
24.1

small-molecule drugs, is one of the broadest and deepest

3.2
1998 1999 2000 2001 2002

in the biotechnology industry

today. We advanced the development of each of those classes last year by moving new clinical candidates into Phase I trials, identifying new target indications, completing pilot efficacy trials and initiating the pivotal programs for THALOMID and REVIMIDTM. The most developed compound in our pipeline, REVIMID (CC-5013), has the potential on its own to transform Celgene into a highly profitable

8

Celgene Corporation

(FDA) and for the treatment of multiple myeloma (MM) and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). We are pursuing multiple regulatory pathways to realize the full therapeutic and commercial potential of REVIMIDTM as quickly as possible. During 2002 we also advanced the development of our other classes of compounds. We completed a Phase I/II clinical trial of CC-1088, our lead SelCIDTM, in Crohn's disease, an inflammatory disorder of the intestine. Based on the data from this trial, which showed that CC-1088 has anti-inflammatory activity, we will evaluate more potent SelCIDs in other chronic inflammatory and

drug-resistant cancer cells, inhibition of inflammatory cytokines and anti-angiogenic activity. Our pipeline contains numerous compounds that could improve the lives of patients with cancer and inflammatory diseases.

Our new state-of-the-art research facility in San Diego, California.

respiratory diseases. Our early-stage programs made progress as well. In the kinase-inhibitor class, our first JNK inhibitor, CC-401, successfully completed a Phase I trial in healthy human volunteers. Our pipeline of JNK inhibitors holds enormous promise for the treatment of a wide range of chronic and acute diseases. A versatile target, JNK is involved in the onset and progression of diabetes, stroke, rheumatoid arthritis, asthma and cancer. We look forward to advancing the development of CC-401 and additional JNK inhibitors in 2003. Another class of compounds, our ligase modulators, made the important transition from target discovery to drug discovery in 2002. So far, the ligase modulators have demonstrated activity in preclinical models. In 2002, Celgene scientists also discovered a new class of tubulin inhibitors. These small-molecule
John W. Jackson Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

In 2003, we expect to achieve the major milestone of full-year profitability and join the elite group of profitable biotechnology growth companies. Importantly, we will attain profitability while retaining the intellectual property that supports our key programs and the development rights that will enable us to benefit from the programs' full upside potential. We thank all of our employees who worked with commitment and passion to make 2002 such a successful year full of so many important accomplishments. And we thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support and encouragement.

anti-cancer compounds demonstrate activity against

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Annual Report 2002

9

