Sol J. Barer, Ph.D. Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of all of us at Celgene, we report that 2007 was an exceptional year for the Company, for our products and for our patients around the world. Making a critical difference in patients' lives is both a capability and a responsibility, an obligation and a privilege. It defines us as a company and is why we do what we do with such passion. This passion is changing the face of medicine and produced remarkable results for our stakeholders. With that in mind we review what we accomplished this year. We have made progress across a broad range of disease categories, from hematology to inflammation, including one of the most critical aspects of our business--assuring patients will have access to our therapies. The global expansion of our organization has resulted in thousands of new patients benefitting from our innovative therapies. Today our products are available in over 30 countries and Celgene plans to expand its presence to nearly 100 countries over the next five years. This expansion is the cornerstone for the significant progress we are making toward becoming a preeminent global biopharmaceutical company focused on hematology, oncology and immune inflammatory diseases. This growth was also a driving force behind another year of record revenue and increasing cash generation. Our record 2007 financial results were highlighted by a 56% increase in total revenue to more than $1.4 billion. In 2007, all functions and geographic units contributed to the record results. This
1

impressive revenue growth allowed us to continue to increase our investment in research and development, which over the past seven years has averaged well above the industry mark, while dramatically improving our bottom line. Our adjusted net income and earnings per diluted share more than doubled to $452.9 million and $1.06, respectively. We ended the year with more than $2.7 billion in cash and marketable securities reflecting the strong cash generation of our businesses. The acquisition of Pharmion Corporation, announced in late 2007, brought three preeminent hematology/oncology drugs together: REVLIMID®, THALOMID® and VIDAZA®. The global revenue streams from these therapies support long-term financial growth, while providing multiple benefits to patients. The continued growth of REVLIMID was the key component of our financial success for the year with revenues increasing 141% to $773.9 million. This was only one of several remarkable milestones for REVLIMID. Our lead product has treated more than 30,000 patients since its launch, making it one of the fastest growing oncology drugs worldwide. The clinical and regulatory success of REVLIMID continued in 2007 with its first approval outside the United States. On June 19th, it was approved in the European Union (EU) for patients who have been previously treated for multiple myeloma. We are currently working closely with local authorities on a country-by-country basis to take the next steps to make REVLIMID available to patients in these member states as quickly as possible. Outside of the EU, REVLIMID gained market authorization for this indication in Australia and Switzerland. In Canada, REVLIMID also was approved for patients with deletion 5q myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). The extraordinary flow of data evaluating the clinical potential of our innovative therapies at major medical meetings, such as the American Society of Hematology and American Society of Clinical Oncology, and in peer reviewed publications, continue to drive their use in the marketplace. The data from numerous REVLIMID trials was highlighted in multiple peer reviewed scientific publications. Articles in respected journals such as BLOOD, The New England Journal of Medicine and the Journal of

Robert J. Hugin President & Chief Operating Officer

Clinical Oncology continued to underscore the outstanding efficacy and survival benefits of REVLIMID®. REVLIMID has received orphan drug recognition in the United States, Europe, and Japan for numerous indications including multiple myeloma, deletion 5q MDS, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL). We are initiating and advancing critical clinical studies that we believe will form the basis of regulatory filings in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma, CLL and non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL). The more than 100 clinical trials evaluating REVLIMID worldwide are producing powerful evidence of REVLIMID's vast potential, as well as supporting possible expansion beyond multiple myeloma into a broader range of blood cancers affecting more than 1.5 million patients. Beyond REVLIMID, sales of THALOMID® also continued to grow, reaching $447.1 million in revenue for the year. The Company advanced several promising clinical programs, including our deep pipeline of promising IMiDs® compounds--both cancer and anti-inflammatory candidates, along with our discovery programs and placentalderived stem cell therapies. We are very encouraged by the progress of our next-generation IMiDs compound, pomalidomide (CC-4047). Pomalidomide has been characterized as an extremely potent immunomodulator and is advancing in multiple programs including myelofibrosis, multiple myeloma, sickle cell anemia and solid tumor cancers. This next-generation
2

compound was the subject of a clinical study in the British Journal of Haematology in April 2008 and reported impressive efficacy and a very low side-effect profile in previously treated multiple myeloma patients. We also received positive results from a Phase II study of our lead anti-inflammatory candidate, apremilast (CC-10004). In moderate to severe psoriasis, apremilast showed significant improvement in both Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) scores and Dermatology Life Quality Index ratings. These promising results from this controlled trial provide the basis for an acceleration of our plans to fully explore the potential of this drug and the entire class of compounds in a range of inflammatory, rheumatological and dermatological indications. Celgene Cellular Therapeutics (CCT), our wholly-owned subsidiary focused on the development of stem cell therapies, advanced state-of-the-art research in placental-derived stem cells this year. Our lead product, PDA-001 is completing preclinical studies and we plan to submit our first IND in the second half of 2008. CCT has developed proprietary technology for collecting, processing and storing placental stem cells and is evaluating their potential use in cancer, as well as a number of other autoimmune, cardiovascular, neurological and degenerative diseases. We look forward to the results of important clinical trials over the next 12 months that may demonstrate the potential of this new therapy for patients. To enhance the potential of Celgene worldwide, we continue to look selectively beyond our own promising pipeline to companies and technologies with innovative approaches that complement our own. During the past year, we have established five new relationships that provide us the opportunity to deepen our pipeline while at the same time broadening our work into new pathways. Additionally, the new people and products from Pharmion offer us the opportunity to maximize our clinical, regulatory and commercial potential worldwide. Our already strong company is now stronger through the shared talent, scientific knowledge and combined research capabilities that will help us accelerate clinical timelines and bring products to market sooner. Our expanded company is dedicated, now more than ever, to our critical role in blood cancers and we will
AR+P/07

continue to deliver on our promise to these patients, their doctors and their families. At Celgene, there is no higher priority than to fulfill this promise of delivering critical therapies to patients in need around the world. This past year we strengthened our commitment to maintaining our industry leading patient assistance and safety programs that ensure patients who can benefit from our therapies have the opportunity to receive them. The creation of our Patient Support Coordinator (PSCTM) program was an example of this dedication in action. PSCs are specially trained professionals with expertise in medicine and reimbursement who are positioned to help patients and caregivers navigate the difficult challenges of insurance and co-payments. We also substantially increased our donations to foundations that assist underinsured cancer patients. Looking forward, we expect 2008 will be a year of truly dynamic growth for Celgene, driven by our commercial products, our global expansion and our pipeline. We will continue to advance research and development--the lifeblood of our company-- by investing aggressively where we believe major opportunities exist. We are following our carefully developed strategic plan for continued growth. It is delivering solid results, yet we remain flexible enough to respond quickly to changes in the marketplace and opportunities arising from our research and development. The Celgene of today is neither the Celgene of yesterday nor the Celgene of tomorrow. We are constantly on the move--growing, innovating, learning and evolving every day. This is an exciting and important time for Celgene. We have never been more optimistic about our prospects for the future. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Total Revenue in millions of dollars
1,406

R&D in millions of dollars

899

537

271

378

03 04 05 06 07

03 04 05 06 07

Cash & Cash Equivalents in millions of dollars
2,739

Earnings Per Share diluted non-GAAP
1.06 03 04 05 06 07 0.04 0.17 0.20 0.53

749

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D. Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert J. Hugin President & Chief Operating Officer

03 04 05 06 07

3

667

724

1,982

123

161

191

259

399

