To Our Shareholders

Last year brought significant achievements and advances in all areas of Celgene's business. Sales of our lead product, THALOMID (thalidomide), grew sharply throughout the year, reflecting the growing body of clinical trial results. In our chiral pharmaceutical program, we successfully completed pivotal Phase III efficacy trials of ATTENADE, for which we plan to file a New Drug Application in 2000. In our immunotherapeutics program, we continued to make solid clinical progress with our IMiD and SelCID compounds. As a result of these accomplishments -- and the strengthening of our financial profile through a recent equity offering -- we are positioned to move aggressively forward with our product development and commercialization programs.

article was published in the New England Journal of Medicine along with a supporting editorial. This article was the first peer-reviewed study of THALOMID for the treatment of multiple myeloma. The disease, which afflicts 14,000 new patients each year, is the second most common blood cancer in the United States. The article reported the results using THALOMID, and the accompanying editorial characterized these results as "remarkable." It is our intention to submit an NDA based on this and other data for FDA review in 2001. Other studies describing the potential efficacy of THALOMID in treating various forms of cancer were presented at the New York Chemotherapy Foundation Symposium in November, and at the annual meeting of ASH in December. Previous research had suggested that



THALOMID: A year of significant advancement In its first full year of commercial sales, THALOMID produced revenues of $24.1 million. Much of this revenue growth can be attributed to the presentation and publication of results at national oncology meetings such as the American Society of Hemotology (ASH) and the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO). Numerous independent investigators reported clinical trial results using the drug as a treatment for multiple myeloma, glioblastoma multiforme and other difficult-to-treat cancers. Many of these cancer trials were conducted in collaboration with major medical organizations and the National Cancer Institute. A seminal event in the commercialization of THALOMID occurred on November 18, 1999, when a landmark research

THALOMID has the ability to block the formation of new blood vessels (angiogenesis), a process essential for the growth of certain tumors. Presentations at the Chemotherapy Foundation Symposium focused on the use of THALOMID as an anti-angiogenic agent in a number of solid and hematologic cancers. The encouraging findings covered multiple myeloma, glioblastoma multiforme, renal cell cancer and melanoma. Studies presented at the ASH meeting centered on THALOMID's potential role in treating hematological malignancies such as multiple myeloma and a debilitating bone marrow disorder, myelodysplastic syndromes. THALOMID was generally well tolerated in these studies with significant side effects mainly restricted to constipation, sedation, rash and infrequent neuropathy.

MAY
Two teams of researchers, in two separate presentations at the Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, announce that THALOMID has activity in recurrent glioblastoma multiforme and that quality of life measures improved in patients with advanced cancers that were taking the drug. Researchers investigating the use of THALOMID to treat Crohn's Disease announce that two thirds of the patients treated with THALOMID experienced a significant improvement in their condition.

JUNE
Celgene is awarded U.S. Patent No. 5,908,850, which covers methods of treatment for ADD/ADHD using ATTENADE. Celgene names Robert J. Hugin as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Celgene is added to the Russell 2000 Celgene is awarded U.S. Patent No. 5,922,736 for the once daily administration of ATTENADE for the treatment of ADHD. The patent covers both methods and formulations.

J U LY
Journal of Immunology publishes study that the IMiDs, analogues of thalidomide, exert distinct and highly specific immunotherapeutic responses that may benefit a broad range of inflammatory and immunological diseases.

indices. Celgene announces second $15 financing with John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company and its affiliates.

1999 Annual Report

1

THALOMID also shows promise as a treatment for various inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. The property that appears to be responsible for the drug's potential usefulness in this area is its ability to inhibit the overproduction of a protein called tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF). Overproduction of TNF has been linked to the onset of many inflammatory and autoimmune disorders, including Crohn's disease, a severe bowel disorder. At the annual American Gastroenterology Association meeting last May, researchers presented results from clinical studies showing significant improvement in patients suffering from

of ATTENADE last year, we are now preparing a New Drug Application for submission to the FDA in the third quarter of 2000. ATTENADE is our chirally pure version of dl-methylphenidate (available as Ritalin® and other formulations), long used to treat attention deficit disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD). An analysis of our two pivotal efficacy trials was presented at the 1999 American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry meeting in October. The results demonstrated ATTENADE's ability to control the symptoms of ADD/ADHD in school-age children. Additionally, the trials demonstrated a statistically longer duration of action for ATTENADE than for dl-methylphenidate.

"Our outstanding results in 1999 "position Celgene to fully capitalize on our potential."
J OHN J ACKSON

These strong clinical findings affirm the substantial medical and commercial promise of ATTENADE. North American sales of pharmaceuticals for treating ADD/ADHD are estimated at $500 million annually. During 2000, we will initiate additional trials to guide the ultimate positioning of this product. Our proprietary position has been greatly enhanced by the issuance of use patents for ATTENADE in ADD/ADHD and for the once-daily administration of ATTENADE.

chronic Crohn's disease who were treated with THALOMID. Our research into the unique activity and characteristics of THALOMID continues to identify other possible uses for the drug. There are now over 100 ongoing clinical trials examining the potential of THALOMID in a wide range of cancers and immunological conditions. This research not only will serve as a guide to the future regulatory direction of THALOMID, but also will provide a roadmap for the clinical development of our IMiD and SelCID programs. Progress with IMiDs and SelCIDs The IMiDs (Immunomodulatory Drugs) are a novel class of thalidomide analogues, which we are developing for treating cancers and immunological diseases. In December, we completed our initial Phase I safety trial for our two lead IMiDs, which were found to be well tolerated in healthy human volunteers. Importantly, sedation, which can be a significant and undesirable side effect of thalidomide, was not detected in these early trials. Chiral Pharmaceuticals: Closer to Commercialization Based on the positive results obtained in our Phase III trials We are pursuing further clinical evaluation of these compounds based on previously published research

AUGUST
National Cancer Institute initiates a randomized, placebo controlled, Phase II trial to administer THALOMID or placebo to 94 patients following resection of metastases from colon and rectal carcinoma.

Initial results of two pivotal efficacy trials for ATTENADE for the treatment of ADD/ADHD demonstrated that ATTENADE is superior to placebo in controlling the symptoms of the disorders and that it exhibited a statistically significant longer duration of action than the racemic form, dl-methylphenidate (Ritalin).

Psychiatry where it was reported that the drug met all efficacy parameters for controlling the symptoms of ADD/ADHD in school-age children.

NOVEMBER
Clinical research published in the New England Journal of Medicine reported results of a study on the use of THALOMID in multiple myeloma patients who have relapsed after high-dose chemotherapy. The Phase II study, conducted at the University of Arkansas Cancer Research

SEPTEMBER
Researchers presenting at the International Myeloma Workshop in Stockholm Sweden report that 30 percent of patients with multiple myeloma undergoing THALOMID therapy experienced a greater than 50 percent reduction in tumor burden.

OCTOBE R
Analysis of the two efficacy trials for ATTENADE is presented at the American Academy of Child and Adolescent

2

Celgene Corporation

showing that the IMiDs have enhanced anti-angiogenic and potent TNF-inhibiting characteristics. We plan to commence our first cancer trial with our lead IMiD, CDC501, in the second half of 2000. Research has shown that the SelCIDs (Selective Cytokine Inhibitory Drugs) are highly specific inhibitors of type-4 phosphodiesterase (PDE-4), an enzyme that controls the production of TNF. During 1999, we began a Phase II pilot trial of our lead SelCID candidate, CDC801, in Crohn's disease at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. We expect to complete this trial during the second quarter of 2000, and to begin additional trials during the second half of the year. Plans to evaluate CDC801 in several other TNF disease states are also being finalized .

Bob Hugin as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob joined us following a highly successful career at J.P. Morgan & Co., where he held several senior client and market-related positions. Your management team is committed to realizing long-term commercial benefits, building shareholder value and bringing muchneeded therapies to underserved patients. We also want to acknowledge the contributions and loyalty of our employees, whose skill, experience and commitment enable Celgene to compete effectively in the highly challenging healthcare marketplace.

"We're excited about the prospects "of our pipeline products meeting "the needs of a wide range of "patient populations."
S OL B ARER , P H .D.

Realizing our promise The accomplishments of the past year have clearly helped to position Celgene as a leading biopharmaceutical company. With the growth in THALOMID sales and the progress made by the other product candidates in our pipeline, Celgene offers new levels of shareholder value and therapeutic promise. Moreover, through an equity financing completed in early 2000 in which we raised approximately $275 million, we are in a strong position to accelerate our growth and fully capitalize on our potential. Additionally, early in 2000, we announced a three-for-one stock split for shareholders of record on April 11, 2000. We are optimistic that we will record further regulatory, business and scientific milestones in the coming year. A strengthened management team has contributed greatly to Celgene's success. This past year, we welcomed

Finally, we wish to thank you, our shareholders and friends, for your continued interest and support.

J OHN J ACKSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

S OL B ARE R , P H .D.
President and Chief Operating Officer

Center found that 32 percent of patients had a partial response and ten percent had complete or nearly complete response. Researchers from the University College London, National Cancer Institute, New York University Medical Center and New York's Saint Vincents Medical Center presented data on the use of THALOMID in advanced cancers, prostate cancer, glioblastoma multiforme and multiple myeloma at the New York Chemotherapy Foundation symposium.

Study results published in Gastroenterology suggest that THALOMID may be active in patients suffering from Crohn's disease. Seventy percent of the patients who completed at least five weeks of the twelve-week trial demonstrated a response and twenty percent experienced remission.

Researchers from Chicago's Rush Cancer Institute presented clinical data at the ASH Meeting on the use of THALOMID to treat myelodysplastic syndromes, a bone marrow disease. Improvements were observed in fifty percent of the twenty evaluable patients, with three long-standing, transfusion dependent patients able to discontinue transfusions altogether.

DECEMBER
Clinical data presented at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) meeting expanded upon previously published results on the use of THALOMID in treating advanced and refractory multiple myeloma.

1999 Annual Report

3

