To Our Shareholders:

The year 2000 was a transforming one for Celgene, during
which we became one of the select few biopharmaceutical companies to successfully make the transition from drug development to profitability. As a result of important accomplishments in all areas of our business -- scientific, commercial and financial -- we are now in a significantly stronger position to advance our deep pharmaceutical pipeline. These were some of the notable achievements:

THALOMID revenues also contributed to the Company's increasing financial strength. Moreover, Celgene reached a major milestone by achieving profitability in the fourth quarter of the year, a goal very few biopharmaceutical companies have reached. Our stronger financial profile enabled us to accelerate the clinical development of THALOMID; expand the potential disease indications for our IMiDs and SelCIDs; and provide the resources to realize the potential of the discovery technologies and drug candidates within

·

In February 2000, we raised approximately $278 million in a successful public equity offering.

our Signal Research Division. Numerous independent investigators

·

Sales of our lead product, THALOMID® (thalidomide), reached $62 million in 2000, an increase of more than 150 percent from 1999.

·

Our IMiDTM and SelCIDTM programs advanced to various phases of clinical development.

"The year 2000 was a transforming one for Celgene, during which we became one of the select few biopharmaceutical companies to successfully make the transition from drug development to profitability."
John W. Jackson

presented data on the potential use of THALOMID at the national oncology meetings held in 2000. These included the American Society of Clinical Oncology annual meeting, the New York Chemotherapy Foundation Symposium and the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology. Clinical trial results on the use of THALOMID for

·

We merged with Signal Pharmaceuticals, a move that placed us at the forefront of the post-genomics drug discovery revolution.

the treatment of such diseases as multiple myeloma, myelodysplastic syndromes, colorectal cancer and prostate cancer were reported. Clinicians from major cancer research centers (including M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, the Mayo Clinic and the Arkansas Cancer Research Center)

·

We expanded our commercial infrastructure to support a growing product portfolio.

In sum, we put into place strategic elements to establish Celgene as one of the leading integrated biopharmaceutical companies with franchises in oncology and immunological diseases. Celgene began the year with a successful follow-on public offering that significantly strengthened the Company's balance sheet. The impressive growth in

presented data on the use of THALOMID in combination with chemotherapeutic agents as a treatment for early-stage multiple myeloma. They also reported on the potential of lower-dose THALOMID therapy over an extended course of treatment. A highlight of the Chemotherapy Foundation Symposium was a presentation by Dr. Bart Barlogie, Director of the Arkansas Cancer

2 Celgene Corporation

Research Center, evaluating single-agent THALOMID therapy over a two-year period. Other results reported in 2000 for THALOMID dosing and therapy are very positive
®

small molecule drugs to treat cancer and immunological diseases is highly synergistic with our own approach. Signal's scientific team has brought Celgene to the forefront of cellular, molecular and genomic research and has helped to broaden both our discovery platform and our product pipeline. Last April, we announced a ground-breaking alliance with Novartis Pharma AG granting that company an exclusive worldwide license (except in Canada) to develop and market d-methylphenidate (d-MPH), our chirally pure version of Ritalin®. In our licensing agreement with Novartis, we set a new standard in pharmaceutical partnerships. Not only are we to receive significant milestone payments, but also, once

developments for the clinical development of the product. Development of the IMiDs and SelCIDs was
TM TM

accelerated last year with the signing of two Cooperative Research and Development Agreements with the National Cancer Institute (NCI). Each agreement provides for a five-year program that will perform preclinical and clinical evaluations of the Company's SelCID and IMiD drug candidates. Importantly, if the preclinical results are encouraging, the NCI will conduct Phase I and Phase II clinical trials of the most promising SelCID and IMiD compounds in multiple cancers. Our collaboration with the world's leading cancer research center is an important milestone in the development of our SelCID and IMiD programs that will help expand our knowledge of their potential usefulness. The seminal transforming event of 2000 was the addition of Signal Pharmaceuticals to our company. The Signal Research Division of Celgene, based in San Diego, is a leader in the discovery of drugs designed to regulate genes and control disease at the genomic level. Signal has an impressive intellectual property portfolio, a world-class scientific team and a robust program focusing on kinases, ligases and transcription factors. These are important new classes of gene regulating proteins and represent emerging drug target areas in medicine. Signal's emphasis on

"The seminal transforming event of 2000 was the addition of Signal Pharmaceuticals to our company."
Sol J. Barer, Ph.D.

d-MPH is launched, we are to receive royalties on this drug and on Novartis's entire Ritalin® product line. The alliance with Novartis is valuable because it places even more substantial development and marketing resources behind the commercialization of d-MPH and further

diversifies our revenue base. Our transforming accomplishments in 2000 were the result of a focused strategy to make Celgene a major integrated biopharmaceutical company. The contributions of our employees were crucial during this extraordinary year, and we would like to thank them for their hard work and loyalty. We would also like to thank you, our shareholders and friends, for your continued support and interest.

John W. Jackson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Sol J. Barer, Ph.D. President and Chief Operating Officer

Annual Report 2000 3

