DEAR STOCKHOLDER Г

In many respects, 2013 was a year that defined the future direction for CF Industries. We announced the sale of our phosphate business, making us a pure-play nitrogen company. We executed a set of initiatives, both organic and inorganic, to enhance our nitrogen leadership position and increase our production capacity by 35 percent when fully implemented. We were recognized by the ratings agencies for being a high credit quality company and are now investment grade rated by all three major credit rating agencies. This allowed us to execute our inaugural investment grade debt issuance of $1.5 billion. We returned more than $1.5 billion to shareholders and increased our dividend by 150 percent. Finally, we demonstrated again the strength of our business model, delivering $1.5 billion of cash from operating activities and $2.7 billion of EBITDA under challenging market conditions, the third highest in our history. CF Industries benefits from three core competitive advantages:

ии A structural cost advantage based on low North American natural gas costs
compared to feedstock costs in other production regions, combined with a steep global supply curve;
Tony Will President and Chief Executive Officer

ии An unmatched network of North American production, logistical and
distribution assets that create unique synergies and opportunities; and

ии Our experienced, high-performing team.
I believe the strategic actions we announced in 2013 leverage our competitive advantages and ultimately will create superior returns for our shareholders. Our direction is set and our key initiatives are in progress. We are an energetic organization on the move, a company with clear direction and momentum as we enter 2014.

Safety and Environmental Stewardship
Success as a nitrogen company starts by operating at the highest standards of safety and environmental stewardship. Through our intense focus on both personal and process safety, during 2013 we achieved the lowest OSHA recordable incidence rate in our history. Our strong safety culture is reflected in a number of milestones achieved during the year, highlighted by our Huntington, Indiana, ammonia terminal which became the ninth CF Industries distribution facility to have reached 15,000 safe days, or more than 41 years, without a lost time accident.

Operational Excellence
Operational excellence at CF Industries is embodied in the outstanding execution that every member of the team displays, every day, in meeting our customers' needs, overcoming logistical challenges and realizing the best margins available for our products. Our team performed exceptionally well in 2013, particularly in light of the challenging market environment throughout the year. A relatively cold and wet spring over much of North America led to delayed planting, which reduced spring ammonia applications. The delayed planting in turn led to a late harvest, which shortened the fall ammonia application season. As a result, ammonia sales volumes and prices were significantly lower than in 2012. Additionally, urea prices were at floor levels for much of the second half of the year, hovering around the estimated cash costs of Chinese anthracite coalbased producers. The challenges for ammonia and urea also had an impact on UAN prices. Faced with these considerable challenges, our team leveraged the company's highly flexible nitrogen production system, access to multiple modes
5

of transportation and an unmatched distribution system to meet our customer commitments and deliver truly outstanding results. In doing so, we generated net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $1.5 billion, or $24.74 per diluted share, and $2.7 billion of EBITDA, which was 49 percent of revenues for the year. One of the reasons we were able to deliver such impressive results is our analytical approach to decision making, supported by our knowledge and understanding of the global marketplace. As urea prices were languishing at floor levels in the second half of 2013, our team analyzed the global supply and demand situation and determined that, at then-current prices, there was not a sufficient amount of supply to satisfy total demand. Accordingly, prices had to rise in order to bid back into operation the higher-cost production that had been taken offline. Based on this analysis, we minimized our sales until the Chinese low-tariff export window closed. Predictably, after the Chinese export window closed, market prices increased and we were able to capture significantly more value.

Nitrogen Leadership
In 2013, we made significant investments to leverage our competitive advantages and expand our nitrogen leadership position. We acquired the outstanding one-third interest in our Medicine Hat facility, executed ammonia production debottleneck projects and made significant progress on our Donaldsonville and Port Neal expansion projects. These initiatives reflect our commitment to grow cash flow through investments with return profiles well above our cost of capital. Taken together, these projects will increase our nitrogen capacity by 35 percent when fully implemented:

ии The acquisition in April of the outstanding one-third interest in our Medicine Hat
complex provides us with an incremental 270,000 tons of net ammonia and 275,000 tons of granular urea from the site's existing production in a region with low natural gas costs. The additional production, in combination with distribution assets we acquired in Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan, enables us to better serve customers throughout western Canada.

ии Ammonia production debottleneck projects executed during 2013 at
Donaldsonville and Verdigris have added approximately 110,000 tons per year of ammonia capacity.

ии Our capacity expansion projects at Donaldsonville, Louisiana, and Port Neal, Iowa,
are progressing on time and on budget. During 2013, we secured air permits, ordered long lead-time equipment and completed the majority of site development work at both locations. We have entered into general construction contracts for the urea and UAN plants at Donaldsonville and the ammonia and urea plants at Port Neal. We expect these projects, which will increase our overall nitrogen production capacity by 25 percent, to be among the first new capacity to come online in North America upon their completion in 2015 Г 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we announced the sale of our phosphate business to the Mosaic Company for $1.4 billion. We closed the transaction during the first quarter of 2014 and realized approximately $1 billion in net proceeds. We also entered into a long-term ammonia supply agreement for between 600,000 to 800,000 tons per year with Mosaic that locks in a defined margin structure and supports our belief in the mid-teens return profile for the capacity expansion project.

Financial Discipline
We are committed to creating long-term shareholder value, which we measure in terms of total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends). To accomplish this, we are focused on maximizing our cash flow generation per share, while simultaneously lowering our cost of capital. We selectively invest in projects

6

that leverage our competitive advantages to generate return profiles well above our cost of capital, thereby increasing our cash generation, while we actively reduce our outstanding share count through our buyback program and reduce our cost of capital through attractive debt financings. During 2013, we repurchased 7.3 million shares of our common stock for $1.4 billion, which reduced our shares outstanding by 12 percent from the beginning of the year and, along with repurchases in 2011 and 2012, by 22 percent since the end of 2010. We also increased our dividend by 150 percent to $1.00 per share per quarter. In order to lower our weighted average cost of capital, we completed our inaugural investment grade debt issuance of $1.5 billion in long-term debt during 2013 and issued another $1.5 billion in March 2014.

Into 2014 and Beyond
We are positioned to capitalize on a number of positive factors which support our company's growth and cash generation potential. Global population growth, higher protein diets and continued use of crops as a source of renewable fuels are creating the need for more grain. A limited amount of arable land globally and the need for greater food production from that land drives demand for nitrogen fertilizer, the one nutrient that must be applied every year to promote plant growth. Increased production of North American shale gas and the attendant low natural gas prices have created a sustainable cost advantage for us. Our North American assets are well positioned to serve customer requirements, and our experienced team is operating at a high performance level, every day. We are executing a plan to profitably expand our nitrogen production capacity, lower our cost of capital and generate long-term value for our shareholders. I would like to thank Steve Wilson, who joined CF Industries in 1991 and served as the company's chairman since 2005 and as chief executive officer from 2003 until his retirement as chief executive on January 1, 2014. Steve led the transformation of CF Industries, first as it emerged from its cooperative roots to become a public company and later as it became the global leader in nitrogen that we are today. His leadership delivered an astounding 1,427 percent return to shareholders while establishing a strong culture and foundation for our future. I thank the members of our board of directors for their endeavors to ensure the sound governance, risk management and fiduciary principles that underpin our success. And I thank our employees for their commitment to excellence in all aspects of our operations. Through their continuing efforts, I am confident in our ability to build on the considerable momentum in our business.

SINCERELY,

W. Anthony Will President and Chief Executive Officer April 3, 2014

7

