dear shareholder,
I am pleased to report that, thanks to a very successful acquisition and favorable market conditions, CF Industries is a stronger company than ever before. We are North America's clear leader in nitrogen fertilizer, having roughly doubled our production capacity, and we continue to run a well balanced, efficient phosphate operation. In 2010, we shipped more than 13 million tons of fertilizer and earned $349 million, or $5.34 per diluted share, on net sales of $4.0 billion. We generated operating-related cash flow of $1.2 billion and ended the year with leverage comfortably in our targeted range. We changed the nature and stature of the company in 2010 by acquiring Terra Industries. We reached the agreement to acquire Terra on March 12, and within a month and a half we had closed the transaction and completed the related equity and debt financing. The speed with which we completed the transaction reflected our team's intense effort and allowed us to issue securities into very receptive financial markets. The potential combination with Terra always had presented very compelling logic. It offered the chance to acquire great assets that employed similar technologies and processes to produce similar products, but with complementary geographic and customer exposures and distribution strengths. Because of these complementary strengths, the combination offered straight-forward synergy opportunities and the chance to add great people to our team. The time for a combination was ripe because the fundamental profit drivers for North American nitrogen producers had improved, and we believed that the improved industry position in the world market would be sustained for years to come. The acquisition of Terra was the single greatest initiative we could execute to create value for our shareholders. We believed that in time this would be obvious to all observers. Exceptionally strong market conditions in the second half of 2010 and early 2011 have borne out our thesis sooner than we dared to hope.

Mapping the integration
The acquisition in and of itself did not create the kind of shareholder value we knew was possible--that would require that we integrate the teams and processes of the companies and implement the synergies we had identified. We were confident in our team's ability to integrate the two operations, and I'm proud of our success in combining the two businesses. CF Industries and Terra each had been successful as independent companies and each had strengths that needed to be preserved and incorporated in the new CF Industries. The challenge of integration was combining them to create something that neither of them had been--the clear leader of an industry--while preserving the best qualities and resources of both. Success would allow us to leverage the strengths of our heritage to maximize business performance beyond our previous stand-alone opportunities.

C O M PA R I S O N O F 5 - Y E A R C U M U L AT I V E T O TA L R E T U R N Among CF Industries Holdings, Inc., Peer Group Index, DJ US Commodity Chemicals Index and S&P 500 Index
1010

808

606

404

202

0 DEC 05 JUN 06 DEC 06 JUN 07 DEC 07 JUN 08 DEC 08 JUN 09 DEC 09 JUN 10 DEC 10

CF Industries Holdings, Inc.

Peer Group Index

DJ US Commodity Chemicals Index

S&P 500 Index

The graph above shows the cumulative total stockholder return, assuming an initial investment of $100 and the reinvestment of any subsequent dividends, for the period beginning on January 1, 2006 and ending on December 31, 2010. The chart tracks our common stock, a peer group, the Dow Jones United States Commodity Chemicals (DJCC) Index, and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, to which CF Industries Holdings, Inc. common stock was added on August 27, 2008. In constructing our peer group, we have selected Agrium Inc., The Mosaic Company, Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc., and Intrepid Potash, Inc., all of which are publicly traded manufacturers of agricultural chemical fertilizers with headquarters in North America. We have assumed the initial investment of $100 was allocated among them on the basis of their respective market capitalizations at the beginning of the period.

Even as we engineered sweeping changes behind the scenes, serving our customers' immediate needs remained our top priority. We redoubled our efforts to stay in close contact with them, process their orders accurately and promptly and make timely deliveries. If our initial integration work had distracted us from any of these tasks, our customers would have been dissatisfied and our leadership opportunity would have been diminished. I'm happy to report that our integration into a single team with well aligned objectives and responsibilities has been a resounding success. All of our operational functions have completed their realignments and are performing well because of the dedicated effort of our employees. The integration synergies that they continue to implement have been both larger and faster than originally targeted. By the end of the year, we had implemented synergy actions totaling $110 million of run-rate savings and had identified additional benefits well above the targeted range. Each of our operating functions has contributed to this success:  Our manufacturing organization has focused on implementing best practices from each of our nitrogen plants in all of the others.  Our distribution function has connected the legacy Terra plants to CF Industries' already extensive storage and distribution network, allowing us to route our products more efficiently and cancel some storage leases.  The sales and marketing team designed a new organization that preserves the relationships with both national accounts and smaller regional retailer accounts, and adds a product management approach that improves our focus on putting available production to its best use.  The integration process provided our supply chain organization with their dream assignment: to take apart and reassemble our supply flows from production at the plant to transportation mode to storage location to customer, optimizing the system for best customer delivery, shortest transportation distance and lowest cost.  Our procurement integration team created a centralized procurement function to permit us to buy in greater scale. Our human resources team played an important role by supporting organization redesigns in a way that treated all employees

respectfully and helped them deal with related stresses. Other staff functions have played key roles in synergy achievement by providing analytical support, removing administrative roadblocks to operating improvements and adapting existing systems to provide the data we need. Over the next twelve to eighteen months, we will design and implement a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to streamline administration and support future actions. With our newly proven skills and experience on an expanded platform, we are ready to seize new opportunities to deliver value to stockholders.

Optimizing our system
Our nitrogen platform expanded along several dimensions through the acquisition. The size of our nitrogen business nearly doubled overnight, making us the clear leader in nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing in North America. Whereas CF Industries had been North America's leading producer of urea and Terra had been the leading producer of urea ammonium nitrate solutions (UAN), the combined company is North America's leading producer of all four primary nitrogen fertilizers. The acquisition of Terra's inland production facilities filled out our manufacturing system with locations that are closer to many of our customers. And it multiplied our existing customer base while balancing its mix among wholesalers, retailers, industrial and export customers. Another way in which our customer relationships grew was through the addition of new products with applications beyond our traditional Corn Belt markets. We became North America's leading producer of ammonium nitrate (AN), making us an important input provider for pasture land, fruits, vegetables, other specialty crops and a wide variety of industrial chemical processes. We also became North America's leading producer of diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), with a customer base and growth curve unrelated to anything else we do. Thanks to the federal emissions mandate that went into effect for commercial trucks on January 1, 2010, industry sales of DEF are expected to grow at about 25 percent per month in the early part of 2011. This is a small business for us now, but one with potential to be a very meaningful profit contributor. The acquisition of Terra gave us a variety of new capabilities, facilities, customers and products. Our integration effort put us

in the position to begin to optimize how those pieces fit together with the legacy CF Industry assets. We examined and improved plant sourcing, distribution, transportation and business mix. We will continue to get better in these areas as we gain more day-today experience with our expanded set of assets. The various pieces of our nitrogen business will fit together even better with time as we focus our capital investment in areas that will match capabilities to the best market opportunities. We followed through on Terra's in-process expansion of UAN production at Woodward, Oklahoma for precisely this reason. Although the start-up didn't go as planned in 2010, we are enthusiastic about the market opportunity this expansion will help us exploit in the future. The same is true of other improvements in manufacturing and distribution facilities that we made in 2010 and have planned for 2011, including actions to increase the amount of urea we are able to convert to DEF.

High crop prices lift fertilizer markets
We were fortunate to be able to execute the integration under very favorable industry conditions that improved markedly as the year progressed. As 2010 began, many distributors and retailers continued to be reluctant to stock fertilizer beyond their immediate needs. But growing demand for corn led to the second-largest planting in recent history in the spring of 2010 at a time when application rates per acre were rebounding from relatively weak levels in 2009. Spring weather was very favorable for direct appli2010 NET SALES BY SEGMENT
(in Millions of Dollars)

2010 GROSS MARGIN BY SEGMENT
(in Millions of Dollars)

Phosphate $777.5 20%

Phosphate $152.8 13%

Nitrogen $3,187.5 80%

Nitrogen $1,026.7 87%

cation of ammonia. Some market participants believed this would leave urea and UAN in a long inventory position at the end of spring. But because of light stocking downstream, reapplication or replanting in some areas that had received excessive rain and the tendency of a strong ammonia season to increase the total amount of nitrogen applied, fertilizer inventories at the end of spring planting were lower than many expected. Fertilizer prices began to increase when the market became aware of the depleted inventory positions. Summer events added momentum to prices, with lower-than-expected global fertilizer operating rates and mounting evidence of poor grain growing conditions and harvests being reflected in market prices. Estimates of grain stocks approached critical levels, and eventually the actual U.S. corn stocks-to-use ratio reached an all-time low. This resulted in rapid escalation in crop prices and drove high planting expectations globally, providing assurance that fertilizer would be affordable at the farm level even as prices for those nutrients rose.

Strong cash flow, increased investment
The combination of a great acquisition, effective integration and strong industry conditions led to great financial results for our company, although some of the positive underlying performance was masked by charges related to the acquisition. These factors also led to strong operating-related cash flow of $1.2 billion, which allowed us to repay a substantial amount of acquisition debt and reach our targeted leverage range in only nine months. Even while paying down our bank term loan quickly, we were able to increase capital expenditures above our earlier target to support more growth projects.

Looking forward
We are in a very good position to benefit from strong agriculture market conditions in 2011. We expect grain plantings to be large, especially for corn. Economic incentives for farmers to fertilize optimally are very high. Regardless of the yield of the corn crop in the upcoming year, it appears that growers will need to plant over 90 million acres for three consecutive years to rebuild corn stocks to normal levels. Given current market conditions, cash flow should provide us with the flexibility to pursue multiple capital initiatives simultaneously in 2011 and beyond.

Delivering value
2010 was a great year for CF Industries. Our board of directors and I appreciate the commitment and effort put forth by our newly integrated team. Our employees worked hard and maintained focus in a time of rapid and radical change. We accomplished the goals we set for ourselves, both operationally and financially. It's gratifying to reflect on such a successful year while looking forward to what promises to be another great one. The market is presenting us with opportunities to create value for you, our shareholders, and we intend to continue to take advantage of them.

Stephen R. Wilson Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer April 1, 2011

