STOCKHOLDERS LETTER
DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDER:
On August 11, 2005, I stood on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and bought the first 100 shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc.'s common stock, opening trading for one of the year's largest IPOs. The excitement of that day marked a transition begun back in 2003, when CF Industries, Inc.­then a cooperative­implemented a new business model. That model set financial performance as the company's primary objective, not the traditional cooperative mandate of assured product supply to owners. Our 60 years as a cooperative established an important heritage­one based on a commitment to serve the needs of our customer owners. Listing on the NYSE marked just as strong a commitment to create value
Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on August 11, 2005.

I believe­and 2005's results confirm­that CF Industries has the assets, the financial strength and the flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions. We don't underestimate the challenges ahead, but we believe we're well positioned to implement the strategic initiatives necessary to cope with them.

ADDRESSING 2005'S CHALLENGES
Our response to the post-hurricane uncertainty in the fertilizer market clearly demonstrated the "nimbleness" of the CF Industries organization. Our innovative margin risk strategy, built on a forward pricing program (FPP), provided a buffer to spiking natural gas prices. Under the program, which accounted for approximately 70 percent of nitrogen volume in 2005, we lock in a substantial portion of the margin on forward sales by effectively fixing the cost of natural gas through derivative financial instruments, product purchases and inventory. In the immediate post-hurricane period, this permitted us to manufacture product to meet many forward orders with natural gas priced at pre-hurricane levels. We also capitalized on the flexibility of the company's manufacturing and distribution operations. This is best illustrated by our Donaldsonville, Louisiana nitrogen complex, North America's largest, which includes multiple, modular production units as well as the ability to handle significant amounts of purchased product when economics dictate.
On October 27, Plant City Production Operator Russell Brown, Jr. and CEO Steve Wilson (left and right behind lectern) joined company and exchange officials to ring the Opening BellTM at the New York Stock Exchange.

for our new owners.

A YEAR OF CHANGE AND CONTRASTS
The process of becoming a public company was just one of the challenges we faced during 2005. We entered the year on an upswing, after net earnings of $67.7 million in 2004. We maintained good momentum into 2005's third quarter. However, after two Gulf Coast hurricanes, we had to adapt quickly to never-beforeseen market dynamics. By December, prices for natural gas­the primary raw material for nitrogen fertilizer­had more than doubled. That pushed nitrogen fertilizer prices to levels at which many customers simply would not order. From then on into the first quarter of 2006, this country's nitrogen fertilizer industry faced significant competitive challenges. Looking back, while some issues remain unresolved, the CF Industries organization demonstrated an exceptional ability to maintain focus during this difficult period. For the year, the company reported a net loss of $39.0 million, primarily the result of items related to our IPO. We ended the year in strong financial condition­essentially debt free and with $216.7 million in cash and short-term investments.

Going into winter, we recognized it was unlikely that natural gas prices would return soon to levels that would economically justify full production at Donaldsonville. This led us to "stress test" the limits of the flexibility and adaptability of our logistics system. We manufactured FPP orders when locked-in natural gas costs supported the decision to operate. At the same time, when it made more sense to "buy" than "make," we purchased ammonia, urea, and UAN originating from offshore producers. The logistical challenges were substantial. During the fourth quarter, for example, we brought numerous large cargoes in through Donaldsonville, coordinating those inbound shipments with outbound customer commitments, product storage and handling availability, and production levels.

2

3

The availability of supply from our joint venture nitrogen manufacturing complex in Medicine Hat, Alberta gave us another strategic tool with which to face the market's challenges. Alberta's natural gas prices, lower than those in the U.S., permitted us to maintain good production levels at Medicine Hat, taking advantage of its rail shipping capability to serve markets that were uneconomic to serve from Donaldsonville. The company's phosphate fertilizer operations provided important product and market diversification in 2005, since phosphate production costs are less sensitive to natural gas prices. Except for a brief period of reduced sulfur availability, we maintained high operating levels in phosphate throughout the year. We served both domestic and export markets during the year, increasing our margins significantly over 2004 levels. You'll read more
CF Industries donated $100,000 to hurricane relief efforts. One beneficiary: Donaldsonville, Louisiana's First Baptist Church and its shelter efforts. Donaldsonville Production Manager Mike Holman (back row, left) is shown with parishioners and volunteers.

THE OUTLOOK
As we enter the spring planting season, there's still uncertainty in the marketplace. Some forecasters have suggested that corn farmers, our largest market segment, could reduce acreage by approximately 2 percent this year. On the other hand, the outlook for corn prices has improved of late, which could have an offsetting effect on U.S. fertilizer demand. Whatever the case, our inherent flexibility should help us respond quickly to market conditions.

IN APPRECIATION
I want to thank our more than 1,400 employees, whose efforts were invaluable in executing the IPO, overcoming the challenges we faced and maintaining our commitment to protection of the environment and to employee health and safety. I would especially like to recognize John Sultenfuss, who retired as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in early 2005 after 32 years of service. John played a key role in positioning this company for public ownership. I also want to thank CHS Inc.; GROWMARK, Inc.; Intermountain Farmers Association; La Coop fédérée; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; MFA Incorporated; Southern States Cooperative, Incorporated; and Tennessee Farmers Cooperative, as well as the former CF Industries directors who represented each of them, for their support and commitment during our years as a cooperative. And we're appreciative of the long-term commitments those cooperatives have made to remain customers now that we're a public company. Both CHS and GROWMARK continue to be significant holders of CF Industries' common stock. Finally, I'd like to thank you, our stockholders, for your belief in this organization's future. For 60 years, our priority was meeting the fertilizer supply needs of our cooperative owners. Today, we are dedicated to leveraging our strengths and asserting our flexibility to build lasting stockholder value for you, our new owners. Sincerely, April 5, 2006
On February 16, 2006, CEO Steve Wilson testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, urging expanded exploration to address the nation's natural gas needs.

about the flexibility and nimbleness of our operations later in this report.

LONGER-TERM SOLUTIONS
As effective as our efforts were in 2005, your management is focused on developing longer-term strategic initiatives to maximize performance going forward. We know the issues we need to address and we're well along in our efforts to do just that. One priority is reducing dependence on North American natural gas. Even at today's essentially pre-hurricane levels, North American natural gas prices are not competitive with those found in many other fertilizer-producing nations. A joint venture production facility in Trinidad and conversion of a portion of our North American output to a lower-cost alternative feedstock are options we're considering. Realistically, though, this country can't solve the natural gas problem by forcing manufacturers to locate their operations offshore. The real solution, as I testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on February 16, 2006, is expanding exploration of this nation's vast, proven natural gas reserves. Other strategic initiatives we're implementing include continued optimization of the company's post-cooperative customer mix, ongoing efforts to improve asset utilization and efficiency, and expanding usage of the company's margin risk management program.

Stephen R. Wilson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

5

