Dear Fellow

CF INDUSTRIES SHAREHOLDERS:
2016 UNDERSCORED THE RESILIENCY OF CF INDUSTRIES' BUSINESS MODEL, ASSETS AND TEAM AS WE DELIVERED ON A NUMBER OF STRATEGIC PRIORITIES IN A DIFFICULT COMMERCIAL ENVIRONMENT.
W. Anthony Will President and Chief Executive Officer

First and foremost, we continue to operate safely, with a recordable incident rate that remains well below industry averages. In February, we successfully launched our strategic venture with CHS Inc., for which we received $2.8 billion for a minority equity interest in a CF subsidiary. In addition, we began shipping product to CHS pursuant to a supply agreement under which CHS can purchase up to 1.7 million tons of urea and UAN annually on a ratable basis. We fully integrated the plants in the United Kingdom, increasing the sales volume of that business's highest-margin product, ammonium nitrate, by 27 percent. We also increased our company's production capacity during the year by 25 percent on a nutrient ton basis compared to the end of 2015. We did all this against a backdrop of the most challenging nitrogen industry conditions in over a decade. Global feedstock and ocean freight costs fell as new nitrogen capacity came online, driving prices to unsustainable lows. So, while our sales volume increased by almost 25 percent, our top line fell by nearly 15 percent. Net loss for 2016 was $277 million and adjusted EBITDA(1) was $858 million. Nevertheless, we enter 2017 with a strong and improving liquidity position. We ended 2016 with $1.2 billion in cash on the balance sheet and $750 million in undrawn revolving credit. We also expect to receive more than $800 million in federal and state tax refunds during 2017.
(1)  EBITDA is defined as net (loss) earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense (income)-net, income tax (benefit) provision, and depreciation and amortization. See reconciliations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on page 24 of this Annual Report.

9

ADVANTAGE CF We are in this strong position today, and confident in our ability to deliver value to shareholders over the long-term, because of our unique combination of structural and operational advantages.

future sales while keeping our manufacturing utilization rates at high levels. Finally, we have the best export capability in North America, able to ship significant volumes globally. STRATEGY

Our enduring structural advantages start with CF's access to abundant low-cost North American natural gas. This provides CF with some of the lowest feedstock costs in the industry, and places us firmly on the low end of the global cost curve. We primarily operate in a region that is importdependent today and for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we supply a product that is not discretionary, not substitutable, and for which global demand consistently grows at about two percent per year.

Through the cycle, these advantages enable superior cash flow generation compared to nearly all other competitors. Indeed, we believe we will likely generate cash flow above and beyond what we have the opportunity to deploy to grow the business. This excess cash flow enables our strategy, which is to drive a steady increase in shareholder participation in our underlying asset base as measured by tons of nitrogen capacity per 1,000 shares. WE EXECUTE OUR STRATEGY IN TWO WAYS We first look to reinvest in our business where we can identify opportunities that fit within our strategic fairway. These opportunities must also

"Our strategy ­ investing in the business to grow cash generation while at the same time reducing the outstanding share count ­ has had a dramatic positive impact for our shareholders."

generate risk-adjusted rates of return well above our cost of capital. Second, in the absence of available opportunities, we expect to distribute excess capital to shareholders. Our bias has been towards share repurchases, as our share price has been below what we believe to be the intrinsic value of the company. Total capital returned through share repurchases and dividends to shareholders since 2012 is more than twice our net strategic investments. Our strategy ­ investing in the business to grow cash generation while at the same time reducing the outstanding share count ­ has had a dramatic positive impact for our shareholders. Since 2010, tons of nitrogen capacity per 1,000 shares have increased nearly 220 percent.

We have significant operational advantages as well. We are the largest producer of nitrogen in North America and one of the largest in the world. Within this scale, we have meaningful flexibility to switch production between ammonia, urea and UAN, enabling CF to maximize results based on customer demand. Approximately 3 million tons of owned and leased product storage allow us to hold product for

10

CF INDUSTRIES 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

GENERATING CASH FLOW AND DELIVERING VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS We believe we are well-positioned to generate significant cash flow and deliver value to shareholders in the years ahead. We believe that 2016 was likely the low point of the cycle, and that a sustained recovery will take hold beginning in 2018 as industry overcapacity is reduced over the next couple years. Unsustainable low pricing has already led to very predictable closures and curtailments of high-cost production. In China, approximately 9 million metric tons of urea capacity was reportedly closed permanently in 2016. Additionally, more than 12 million metric tons of urea capacity worldwide had significantly reduced operating rates last year. As high-cost production shuts down, new capacity will come online at a much slower rate than in the past few years. Indeed, beyond 2017 and for the foreseeable future, the rate of new capacity growth will be well below the expected two percent annual growth in demand. These factors should tighten the global supply and demand balance and drive sustained price recovery beginning in 2018. Because we are a pure play nitrogen company, incremental price increases will fall directly to our bottom line.

Our cash tax rate is typically close to the 35 percent U.S. statutory rate. We believe a reduction in corporate tax rates, which are among the highest in the industrialized world, will greatly benefit the United States. CF, in particular, would see the global competitive playing field become more level, and the benefit of reducing cash taxes would also translate dollar for dollar into increased cash flow. A GREAT COMPANY WITH A BRIGHT FUTURE 2016 marked CF Industries' 70th year in business. Longevity like this is not standard in the nitrogen industry. Forty years ago, there were 63 companies producing nitrogen in the United States. CF is the only significant nitrogen producer in business then ­ and one of just three total ­ still operating today. Our resilience over time is not an accident. Our company always has been, and always will be, built for the long-term. Everything we do is possible because of the commitment and operational expertise of the CF team. Their hard work and disciplined execution have resulted in the extraordinary set of advantages that CF enjoys today ­ advantages that will serve our business and our shareholders well in the recovery ahead. We look forward to that recovery and rewarding you

Beyond industry conditions, CF's cash generation may benefit from tax and regulatory changes in the United States. We are hopeful that legislators and the new administration seize the opportunity to fix the broken U.S. corporate tax code that discourages investment in the United States.

for your continued support.

W. Anthony Will President and Chief Executive Officer

11

