Steve Wilson Non-Executive Chairman, Retired President and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR STOCKHOLDER Г

In recent years, I have been asked on numerous occasions what led to the success of CF Industries. Many have suggested it's been the result primarily of favorable external events: population growth, improved diets, the ethanol mandate, the shale gas boom, etc. Of course, these factors have provided a very favorable environment for our business. However, to me the key differentiator has been our people. I believe that we have the best team on the field led by the best senior management. Since virtually every chairman or chief executive officer makes similar comments, what supports my conclusion? Here are a few factors:

ии We are focused on group success. Large egos are discouraged. While each individual
contribution is valued, we win or lose together.

ии Our care for each other is reflected in our safety culture. We have transformed that
culture from feeling satisfied with meeting (or exceeding) industry standards to striving for and attaining performance at a whole new level of excellence. While we are not satisfied with where we are, safety is ingrained in our daily life.

ии We have had sustained excellent execution. This has been achieved by our team
taking full advantage of available opportunities and, in some cases, creating them. Perfection is not possible, but our operating and financial results, by and large, have reflected an ability to capture most of the value available to us with very few stumbles. Our people working together have sought and captured opportunities through aggressive actions. They know the market, serve customers effectively, run operations safely and efficiently, collaborate and attend to detail.

ии Our strategic decisions have been the right ones made at the right times: going
public opportunistically; investing in KEYTRADE; focusing on ultimate shareholder value during the CF/Terra/Agrium M&A process; not investing in petroleum coke gasification or in the Peru project; acquiring the remaining Medicine Hat interests; divesting phosphate; strengthening our core nitrogen production platform; and buying our stock back in an accretive fashion. These decisions resulted from rigorous analysis performed by a talented team, reviewed and endorsed by a focused, engaged board of directors and executed professionally by our employees.
2

ии One of our constants has been our team's willingness to act decisively even under
uncertainty. This has led us to get a jump on competitors and reflects our balance between generating short-term gains and building sustained long-term value.

ии We hire talented people who share our values. I have always looked to attract
and retain individuals who are smarter than I am and have succeeded in doing so. We want varied perspectives and strong opinions. And we demand that, once a decision is made, we "stack hands" and execute our plan in a unified fashion.

ии We do not overpromise; we do what we say we're going to do. ии And we have total dedication to doing the right thing under a "no compromise"
ethical culture. The end of 2013 and the upcoming annual stockholders meeting mark the end of my career with CF Industries. It has been a distinct honor to have served as your CEO and to have participated in the development of this fine company. I am pleased that our new CEO is someone who is a product of the approach to people I have discussed. I am confident that Tony will perpetuate and nurture the fundamental culture of CF Industries and that he will lead the company to new heights. My confidence is underpinned by my knowledge of the strength of the team that will support him and execute his plans for the company's future. Now I will watch its evolution from a different vantage point and I know I will be proud of what I see. Thank you for your investment in CF Industries and your implied confidence in our team. I thank our customers for giving us the opportunity to serve them. Many thanks to my fellow directors (and your predecessors) for your support and guidance. And I thank my friends and colleagues throughout the CF Industries family for your dedication to always doing the right thing the right way.

SINCERELY,

Stephen R. Wilson Non-Executive Chairman, Retired President and Chief Executive Officer April 3, 2014

3

