Dear Stockholders: The opportunity for a strong 2007 was there, and we capitalized on it, achieving far and away our best-ever financial performance since becoming a public company. For the year, CF Industries reported net earnings of $372.7 million, or $6.57 per diluted common share. That's more than ten times the $33.3 million, or $0.60 per share, the company earned during 2006.

As I wrote in last year's Annual Report, CF Industries began 2007 recognizing that changes in industry fundamentals had created significant opportunities for us. Globally, demand for coarse grains was accelerating, underpinned by traditional factors such as rising populations and improving dietary habits in developing nations, and reinforced by growing requirements for biofuels production. Strong demand, coming at a time when global grain stocks were at historically low levels, had begun pushing prices for major crops to what would eventually become record or near-record levels later in the year.

During 2007, those prices provided North American farmers with the incentive to maximize planted acreage and to optimize the application of fertilizer on that acreage, maximizing crop yields. The opportunity for a strong 2007 was there and we capitalized on it, achieving far and away our best-ever financial performance since becoming a public company. For the year, CF Industries reported net earnings of $372.7 million, or $6.57 per diluted common share. That's more than ten times the $33.3 million, or $0.60 per share, the company earned during 2006. Driving our strong performance were substantial improvements in all of our product prices and increases in product volume in our nitrogen segment. For example, in nitrogen, fourth quarter price realizations were 43 percent higher than those a year earlier. In phosphate, the increase was an even stronger 78 percent. Product volume for the year was more than 8.9 million tons, up from 8.4 million tons in 2006. Higher prices and increased volume pushed sales to nearly $2.76 billion, a 36 percent improvement over 2006. The stock market recognized our performance during the year, as the share price for CF Industries common stock increased by 329 percent. That impressive gain represented the largest increase, in percentage terms, in the Standard & Poors MidCap 400, an index that includes CF Industries. Positive Global Demand Fundamentals Perhaps the best illustration of 2007's strong agricultural markets was U.S. acreage for corn, this country's leading acreage crop. In 2007, American farmers planted 93.6 million acres of corn, up from 78.3 million acres the previous year

Earnings per diluted share rose from $0.60 in 2006 to $6.57 in 2007 Product volume was more than 8.9 million tons, up from 8.4 million in 2006 At December 31, 2007, cash, cash equivalents, and shortterm investments totaled $861.0 million, up from $325.6 million at year-end 2006

and also far above the 79.1 million acres this nation averaged from 1997 through 2006. Last year's U.S. acreage for corn--the most nitrogen-intensive of the major crops--was, in fact, the highest since World War II. However, strength in crop demand extended well beyond North America, creating a demand-driven global market for grains and for the fertilizers required to grow them. This strength also contributed to a positive trade picture in fertilizer, thanks to robust fertilizer demand in other nations. The weak U.S. dollar also contributed to improved U.S. grain exports. Turning Opportunity into Results Improving fundamentals created a significant opportunity for CF Industries in 2007, but I believe it was the ability of our people to execute our business plans that allowed us to profitably capitalize on that opportunity. During 2007, our company focused on what I've called two "parallel priorities." First, of course, executing our business plans to take advantage of the robust demand in the fertilizer marketplace. And second, advancing a number of important initiatives to support our strategy to grow and to diversify the company's sources of operating income. Looking at our operating performance, I'm proud of the way our team executed during a fast-paced year. Our nitrogen and phosphate manufacturing complexes maintained high operating rates throughout the year, reliably meeting customer commitments. Most importantly, we achieved an impressive safety record, despite the high operating levels. For example, during the third quarter, we completed a 26-month period without a lost-time accident (LTA) at any of the company's facilities. Unfortunately, we had two LTAs later in the quarter, but we then completed the remainder of the year with no additional LTAs and an overall accident incidence rate less than half the average for all fertilizer manufacturers. Equally impressive, I believe, was our performance in logistics and distribution. This was especially noteworthy during the fourth quarter, when a number of our distribution facilities moved record amounts of fertilizer, smoothly meeting our customers' needs in a compressed season. Progress on Improvements and Strategic Initiatives Rewarding as our 2007 operating performance was, we are committed to capitalizing on today's financial strength. We are continuing to invest to improve performance and to implement strategic initiatives that will expand and diversify this company. In October of 2007, we announced that CF Industries had purchased a 50 percent interest in KEYTRADE AG, a global fertilizer trader headquartered in Switzerland. KEYTRADE, which markets fertilizer in 65 nations around the world, provides us an established capability to expand our sales and sourcing efforts globally. It is currently our exclusive marketing partner for phosphate exports and urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) imports. During 2007, we made capital expenditures totaling $105

Net Sales (in Millions of Dollars)

2007

2006

2,756.7

2,032.9

2007 Net Sales by Segment (in Millions of Dollars)

Phosphate 714.8 Nitrogen 2,041.9

million, funding projects to enhance the quality and reliability of our production assets. We completed a plantwide upgrade of the electrical system at our Medicine Hat, Alberta Nitrogen Complex; completed several projects to improve natural gas conversion efficiency at our Donaldsonville Nitrogen Complex in Louisiana; completed upgrades that provided improved efficiency and a modest capacity increase at our Central Florida phosphate operations; and enhanced efficiencies and throughput at our distribution facilities. In 2008, we intend to increase capital expenditures substantially to between $140 million and $170 million. This spending will support a number of projects to continue improving natural gas conversion efficiency at Donaldsonville and to achieve additional incremental capacity increases at our phosphate operations, in addition to funding ongoing turnaround and maintenance activity. Strategic Initiatives These and other projects should enhance the competitiveness of CF Industries' existing nitrogen, phosphate, and distribution assets. And while poised to take advantage of the strong near-term outlook we see, the company is also advancing a number of longer-term initiatives, in line with our strategy to grow and diversify. One of these exciting opportunities is a proposed new nitrogen complex in Perú. In November of 2007, we learned that CF Industries' bid for a natural gas supply from Perú's Camisea gas fields had been accepted--the first step in a process for the company to construct a world-scale ammonia and urea production complex in that nation. This operation, if constructed, would serve nitrogen markets on the west coast of Central and South America, as well as Mexico. There is sizeable fertilizer demand and no existing nitrogen capacity in this region. The initiative would meet several important strategic objectives, including growth and diversification of our markets and natural gas supply. Importantly, our new KEYTRADE partner has existing commercial relationships in these regions. We are currently negotiating a natural gas contract term sheet for the complex, evaluating potential sites, and analyzing technology options, as well as working with the Perúvian and U.S. governments on a variety of project development matters. Another major project under evaluation is conversion of approximately half of our ammonia capacity at the Donaldsonville Nitrogen Complex to a coal/petroleum coke feedstock. If we move ahead with it, this project would also significantly reduce our reliance on North American natural gas, currently priced at levels in excess of those in some fertilizer-producing regions. We have completed initial cost estimates on the gasification project, determining that its cost using the original technology and plant configuration identified was substantially higher than expected. We are currently investigating alternative design configurations and technologies to improve project economics and make the investment one that would provide the necessary return to our stockholders. 2007 Gross Margin by Segment (in Millions of Dollars)

Gross Margin (in Millions of Dollars)

2007

670.0

2006

147.2

Phosphate 223.2 Nitrogen 446.8

We're also developing a potential uranium extraction facility at our Central Florida phosphate operations. Uranium-- actually U308--is a byproduct of phosphate production, and we have the ability to extract approximately 900,000 pounds of it annually at current operating rates at potentially attractive economics. We are currently working with a partner to negotiate long-term supply contracts with electrical utilities at prices and durations that will support project economics. Clearly, escalating capital costs and the long-term volatility of a commodity business such as ours demand that we move carefully on these and other initiatives we're evaluating. However, I am excited about the opportunities these initiatives offer us. Net Earnings (in Millions of Dollars) Optimistic Near-Term Outlook We're optimistic as we enter 2008's planting season. The factors that drove the industry's strong performance in 2007 are, if anything, even stronger going into this year's spring planting. Worldwide, demand for coarse grains continues to grow at an accelerated pace, driven by rising populations and improving dietary habits in developing nations, and accelerated by demand for production of biofuels such as ethanol in developed economies. This increased demand, coming at a time when coarse grain inventories are at historic lows in many nations, continues to support crop prices at levels that are again expected to produce robust acreage for major crops, as well as encourage farmers to optimize fertilizer application on those crops. The acreage "mix" may change modestly from last year, with increased wheat, soybean, and sorghum planting producing a modest decline in corn acreage. But putting that into perspective, we still anticipate possibly 90 million acres of corn in the U.S. this year, well above recent norms. I believe our strong forward order book at year end, coupled with continued robust pricing for our products and healthy demand in world agricultural markets, has positioned CF Industries for what should be continued excellent financial performance going into 2008's spring season, with planting expected to begin in earnest in April and May. Of course, it will again be incumbent upon us to execute to take advantage of the year's opportunities. We are committed to doing just that. A Thanks to Our Team We've just completed the most successful year in our young history as a public company, and I want thank you, our stockholders, for your faith in our ability to deliver performance for you. I also want to thank and recognize some of the people who not only made our strong 2007 performance possible, but who will play important roles in the exciting future we see for CF Industries. First, several members of our team completed successful careers at CF Industries during the year, including Bill Eppel, vice president, Human Resources; Bob Webb, vice president

2007

372.7

2006

33.3

and corporate controller; and Dennis Baker, treasurer. These long-time employees helped position our company for the success it is currently enjoying. We thank them for their years of service and wish them the best in their retirements. Next, a special thanks to the members of our Board of Directors, who have provided valuable support and counsel as we've managed our parallel priorities of executing for the present and building for the future. Later in this report, as well as on its inside front and back covers, you'll see photos and--in the case of various members of the company's leadership--background on these team members and their strategic priorities at CF Industries. These are some of the people who delivered the strong performance we reported in 2007. And some of the people who make me so optimistic about our ability to deliver strong performance again in the future.

Sincerely,

Stephen R. Wilson Stephen R. Wilson Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer April 4, 2008

