 To Our Fellow Shareholders
March 15, 2005
  2004 certainly will be remembered as one of the most dynamic periods in Chemed’s 33-year history. In the last twelve months, we raised over $435 million in capital, took our 37% ownership of VITAS to 100%, finalized the reengineering of Roto-Rooter’s operational infrastructure and entered into an agreement to divest our Service America operation. The end result of these changes was to deliver exceptional revenue, earnings and cash flow growth in 2004. The outlook for Chemed in terms of future opportunity and financial performance has never
looked better.
Financial Results*
2004 net service revenue and sales from continuing operations, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), increased 182% over the prior year, reaching $735 million. Income from continuing operations was $19 million in 2004, 71% higher than in 2003. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 39% to $1.56.
Our 2004 financial results were enhanced by the inclusion of 100% of VITAS since February 2004. Internally we evaluate operating results on an Adjusted
Pro forma basis. This assumes Chemed owned VITAS effective January 1, 2003 and eliminates transaction expenses related to the merger as well as other specific items (Adjusted Pro forma). Although this perspective is on a non-GAAP basis, we believe this two-year comparison better reflects the fundamental performance of our operations. On an Adjusted Pro forma basis, service revenues and sales were $808 million, an increase of 15%. Adjusted Pro forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) was $98 million, up 44% and Adjusted Pro forma income from continuing operations was $24 million, up 93%.
Segment Operations
VITAS produced record revenue and operating results
in 2004. Adjusted Pro forma revenue was $532 million, an increase of 21% over the equivalent prior-year period. Pro forma Adjusted EBITDA was $65 million, an increase of 53%, and Pro forma net income was $33 million, up 64%. Adjusted Pro forma EBITDA margins were 12.2% in 2004, up from 9.6% in the prior year. This increase in margin is the result of effectively managing general and administrative, or central support, costs at a slower growth rate than revenue. Although a constant challenge, our focus will continue to be on managing these support costs at a rate well below our revenue growth.
The growth in VITAS has been almost exclusively organic. Of the $91 million in revenue growth, $84 million came from established programs, $6 million was derived from our start-up programs and the remaining $1 million came from our Atlanta and Phoenix acquisitions.
The VITAS growth strategy is focused on a three- pronged approach. First and foremost is garnering increased market penetration in established programs. This is accomplished by providing quality hospice care to all of our patients and their families. Market recognition of VITAS’ high level of care will continue to positively impact our ability to attract referrals and admissions earlier into a patient’s terminal diagnosis.
Our second area of growth opportunity at VITAS is through our new-start programs. This strategy begins by identifying communities with unmet hospice needs. We enter the community with a hospice care team and commence the process of obtaining state and federal certification. In 2004, we established six new programs and incurred over $5 million in start-up losses. We view these start-up expenses as long-term investments that will become a significant source of future revenue and profitability growth.
A third area of growth is in acquisitions. VITAS continues to evaluate hospice programs that complement
*A reconciliation of GAAP earnings to Adjusted earnings can be found in Chemed’s fourth-quarter 2004 earnings press release, dated March 8, 2005, which is available on the Chemed Web site at www.chemed.com.
                                         1

                                        2
    Chemed Corporate Management: (front, seated, l - r) Spencer S. Lee, Executive Vice President and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Roto-Rooter; Edward L. Hutton, Chairman of the Board; Kevin J. McNamara, President & Chief Executive Officer; Timothy S. O’Toole, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of VITAS Healthcare Corporation; (back, standing, l - r) David P. Williams, Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Naomi C. Dallob, Vice President & Secretary; Thomas J. Reilly, Vice President; Lisa A. Dittman, Assistant Secretary; Arthur V. Tucker, Vice President & Controller; and (not pictured) Thomas C. Hutton, Vice President.
our culture of compassion and our deep commitment to end-of-life care. Ideally, these acquisitions will enable VITAS to enter new geographic regions that will provide a stable platform for future organic and new-start growth.
Roto-Rooter had an excellent year in terms of financial performance. Net income, excluding the LTIP and certain litigation costs, totaled $22 million, an increase of 64%. Aggregate EBITDA in 2004, excluding certain items, was $42 million, an increase of 37% over the prior year. This growth in profitability was accomplished primarily through cost-saving benefits derived from our reengineering of Roto-Rooter’s infrastructure. Over the past two years, we have focused on streamlining expenses in such areas as hiring, training, call centers and dispatching. This resulted in significant cost savings compared to the prior year.
Roto-Rooter will continue its focus on providing a high level of service to both our residential and commercial customers in our existing territories. In addition, we will
continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire franchise territories that are reasonably valued and can be leveraged into Roto-Rooter’s existing infrastructure.
Outlook
VITAS, with its strong revenue growth and expanding margin improvement, is well positioned to take advantage of the growing demand for quality hospice care. Roto-Rooter, with its preeminent name and brand recognition, has returned to historical profitability margins and free cash flow.
As a result, Chemed is well positioned to achieve sales and profitability growth over the long term.
     Kevin J. McNamara President and
Chief Executive Officer
Edward L. Hutton Chairman of the Board
 