                                        To Our Fellow Shareholders
In last year’s Letter to Shareholders we stated “The outlook for Chemed in terms of future opportunity and financial performance has never looked better.” We are extremely pleased to report that our optimism has materialized into excellent 2005 financial results for both of our companies (VITAS Healthcare Corporation and Roto- Rooter Group, Inc.)
These robust operating results are derived from successfully executing our business philosophy – strive to be the best, most efficient operator in our industries. We have achieved best-in-class status by developing business models around market leaders with significant investment in a scalable management infrastructure.
This model provides opportunities for increased
efficiencies and competitive advantage in terms of cost and quality of service in existing markets as well as new territories. Furthermore, this operating model provides increased flexibility to manage changes, complications and paradigm shifts that continually challenge every business.
Financial Results*
In 2005, Chemed had net service revenue and sales from continuing operations, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), of $926 million – an increase of 26% over the previous year. Income from continuing operations was $38 million, an increase of 97% compared to 2004. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased more than 83% to $1.43.
 Chemed Corporate Management: (front, seated, l - r) Spencer S. Lee, Executive Vice President and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Roto-Rooter; Edward L. Hutton, Chairman of the Board; Kevin J. McNamara, President & Chief Executive Officer; Timothy S. O’Toole, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of VITAS Healthcare Corporation; (back, standing, l - r) David P. Williams, Vice President & Chief Financial Officer; Naomi C. Dallob, Vice President & Secretary; Thomas J. Reilly, Vice President; Lisa A. Dittman, Assistant Secretary; Arthur V. Tucker, Vice President & Controller; and (not pictured) Thomas C. Hutton, Vice President.
2

                                        Our 2005 comparative financial results are enhanced by not owning 100% of VITAS in the prior year. This is why we internally measure operating results on an adjusted pro forma basis. Adjusted pro forma assumes we owned VITAS effective January 1, 2004, and eliminates certain transaction expenses related to the VITAS merger as well as other special items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing operations (adjusted pro forma). Although this perspective is on a non-GAAP basis, we believe this two-year adjusted pro forma comparison appropriately reflects the fundamental performance of our operations. All of the following comments are based upon this adjusted pro
forma perspective.
On an adjusted pro forma basis, service revenues and sales in 2005 increased 15% to $926 million. Adjusted pro forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted pro forma EBITDA) were $124 million, up 26%. Adjusted pro forma EBITDA margins increased 122 basis points to 13.3%, and adjusted pro forma net income was $51 million, up 56%.
VITAS Healthcare Corporation*
VITAS produced record revenue and operating results in 2005. Adjusted pro forma revenue was $629 million, an increase of 18% compared to 2004. Adjusted pro forma EBITDA was $83 million, an increase of 28%. Net income was $46 million, which increased 34% over the prior year. Over 50,000 patients were admitted into VITAS’ hospice programs during the year. We provided 3.8 million days of care, 95% of which was provided directly in patients’ homes.
The VITAS growth strategy is focused on a three-
pronged approach. First and foremost is to garner increased market penetration in established programs. This is accomplished by providing quality hospice care to all of our patients and their families. We believe that market recognition of VITAS’ high level of care will positively impact our ability to attract referrals and admissions earlier in a patient’s terminal diagnosis.
 * AreconciliationofGAAPearningstoadjustedproformaearningscanbefoundinChemedCorporation’sfourth-quarter2005earningspressrelease,datedFebruary21, 2006, which is available on the Chemed web site at www.chemed.com.
VITAS Healthcare Corporate Management: (seated, l - r) Peggy Pettit, Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer; David A. Wester, President; (standing, l - r) Deirdre Lawe, R.N., Executive Vice President of Development & Public Affairs; Timothy S. O’Toole, Chief Executive Officer; and Barry M. Kinzbrunner, M.D., F.A.C.P., Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer.
Our second area of growth opportunity at VITAS is through our new-start programs. This strategy begins by identifying communities with unmet hospice needs. We enter the communities with hospice care teams and commence the process of obtaining state and federal certification. This strategy generates operating losses as the new programs are established. Over the long term, however, we believe this will provide shareholders with significant return on capital once the programs are established.
A third area of growth is acquisitions. We continue to
3

                                        search for hospice providers who will complement our existing culture of compassion and deeply committed approach to end-of-life care. Ideally, these acquisitions will allow VITAS to enter new geographic regions that will provide stable platforms for future organic and new-start growth. This type of growth results in significant capital expenditures. At the same time, acquisitions provide the opportunity to immediately penetrate markets with established work forces, federal and state licensure, and established referral networks.
VITAS’ future performance depends upon the successful execution of all three of these expansion strategies. We believe VITAS is uniquely positioned to achieve such success through our market leadership and highly dedicated and focused personnel supported by an integrated management systems infrastructure.
Roto-Rooter*
Roto-Rooter completed 2005 with another record year. Service revenue and sales were $297 million, an increase of
7% compared to the prior year. Adjusted pro forma net income totaled $25 million, a 21% increase over 2004. Roto-Rooter operates in a very mature, fragmented
industry with relatively low organic growth. The unusually strong earnings growth Roto-Rooter generated in 2005 was the result of efficiencies derived from re-engineering initiatives completed in 2004. These changes included centralizing call and dispatch locations, as well as instituting standardized procedures throughout the organization. This centralization provided the opportunity for efficient monitoring of technician scheduling and job backlog. It also removed significant non-value-added administrative work from Roto-Rooter branches.
In the future, Roto-Rooter will continue its focus on providing a high level of service to our residential and commercial customers in existing territories. In addition, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire franchise territories that are reasonably valued and can be leveraged into Roto-Rooter’s existing infrastructure.
Perpetuating leadership within our industry segments requires commitment, vision and risk. Chemed eagerly accepts this challenge and is forging ahead with ideas and solutions that will enhance our services and provide significant benefits to our patients, customers and shareholders.
    Roto-Rooter Corporate Management: (l - r) Gary H. Sander, Executive Vice President; Spencer S. Lee, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Gary C. Burger, President, Roto-Rooter Corporation; Rick L. Arquilla, President & Chief Operating Officer, Roto-Rooter Services Company; and Robert P. Goldschmidt, Senior Vice President, Business Development.
4
Kevin J. McNamara President and
Chief Executive Office
Edward L. Hutton Chairman of the Board
