Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders:
Last year was a momentous one for our company in many respects. First and foremost, we generated remarkable financial results
net

income of $456 million, operating cash flow of $305 million and a

$725 million increase in common equity. In addition, including our
recently completed Gothic Energy acquisition, Chesapeake's proved

reserves increased 37% to a record level of 1.7 trillion cubic feet of
natural gas equivalent, a 436% reserve replacement rate.

Second, our performance in the stock market was among the country's finest

the 8th best performer on the NYSE, up 326% for the

year. Since reaching a low of $0.75 in early 1999, Chesapeake's stock price has increased over 1 ,500%, one of the strongest performances

among all publicly traded companies during the past two years.
Third, we have successfully established Chesapeake as one of the top

five pure plays in the U.S. natural gas exploration and production business. As we continue to grow our assets and improve our balance sheet, we believe Chesapeake's shareholders will enjoy another

exceptional year in 2001.

Ou Thoughts on the Natural Gas Business:
Strategy Shift
Chesapeake's strategic shift toward natural gas as our fuel of choice

in late 1997 did not occur by accident. To recall the context for this decision, we had just reported an expensive $350 million failure in
our efforts to extend Chesapeake's highly successful Deep Giddings Austin Chalk Trend from Texas into Louisiana, where we had hoped to

find as much as $5-b

billion of oil and natural gas. Realizing that we

Natural
Chesapeake

needed to adjust our business model to accept the limitations ot

California and the U.S. Energy Crunch
We believe this review of where we've been is not just important for your understanding of why Chesapeake's strategy is working, but it's

slower tuture growth while lowering our risk protile, we embarked on
the most ambitious corporate makeover the industry has seen during
the past 10 years.

also critical to understanding almost everything about the energy
business today. California's electricity and natural gas shortages,

The fundamental goal in our transition was simple: we decided to
acquire as many natural gas reserves as we could afford, ultimately

high oil prices worldwide, high natural gas prices, potential electricity shortages this summer in NYC and in the Midwest, and finally, a possible replay of this in 2002
all of these problems have their

acquiring 750 billion cubic teet ot natural gas equivalent (bcte) tor

$750 million in six months. Although our acquisition pricing was
considered aggressive at the time, in retrospect our purchases have
proved to be great bargains.

roots in the low energy prices and energy policy complacency of the
past 15 years.

In a nutshell, when a country embarks on a binge of energy con-

Why Natural Gas vs. Oil?
Heavily influenced by our own experiences on the front lines search-

sumption (electricity usage is up 43% since 1985) and fails to invest
enough in its energy supply and delivery infrastructures along the
way, something has to give. That something is always price.

ing for large new reserves of natural gas, we believed it would be

almost impossible for our industry to meaningfully increase the supply of natural gas in the years ahead. We also recognized that a

It's the Producers and their Shareholders' Turn Now
As it turns out, we and other E&P management teams have not done

growing economy, stricter environmental regulations and the coming onslaught of gas-tired electrical generation would serve as catalysts for strong natural gas demand growth and, almost certainly, higher
natural gas prices.

such a poor job of creating value during the past 15 years. It's simply
that the value we created through the expensive, risky and time-consuming search for new supplies of energy was transferred to American consumers rather than to our industry's shareholders as a

In addition, we significantly lowered our risk profile by focusing
Chesapeake's search for natural gas reserves in our own backyard of

result of excess supplies of oil, natural gas and electricity. The net result of this extended period of low energy prices was a 15-year

the Mid-Continent region (Oklahoma, the Texas Panhandle, and SW Kansas) and by growing through a balanced development program of

boom in U.S. and worldwide growth from 1985-2000 (obviously
accelerated by enormous technological advancements) that gradually eliminated the excess supply of electricity, natural gas and oil.
As we have all learned over the years, what goes around comes

both drilling and acquisitions.

The Downturn of '98
By mid-1998 we believed our strategic transformation was complete

around and the imbalance is now in favor of energy producers.
Today, we are in an environment where enormous value is being created by Chesapeake and our industry. This time, however, that

and would provide a strong base for the company to return to industry prominence. Unfortunately, we were a bit early. External factors

such as the Asian financial crisis, three of the warmest winters of the 20th century and an oil production miscalculation by OPEC caused

value is being retained by our shareholders. Persistently high energy prices and huge value creation in the energy industry will be a fact of
American life for at least the next five years.

oil and natural gas prices to fall to 30-year inflation-adjusted lows by
early 1999.

High Energy Prices Will Be With Us for a While
It was a time when the "experts" were all in agreement: oil and natural gas prices would remain low indefinitely, E&P companies were fundamentally flawed businesses (we spent too much, didn't find enough, were too small to matter, were too "old economy", etc), and worst of all
E&P management teams were alleged to have consis-

Most Americans do not understand the time and money needed to
make the required energy investments that can increase supply

enough to lower energy prices. Simply stated, it has taken us 15 years to get into the current energy crunch and it's going to take a

while to get out. This will require massive amounts of capital from
investors

tently destroyed value over the previous 15 years.

capital that in the past 15 years has generally been

Unlike some of our peers who elected to sell assets (or their companies) at the bottom of this cycle, we were confident that Chesapeake's

invested in everything that consumes energy and will now need to be
invested in everything that produces and transports energy. Affecting such a change in investing preferences won't be easy, but we believe

strategic repositioning had been well-executed and that a cyclical upturn in oil and natural gas prices was inevitable. The rest, as they say, is history. In early 1999 investors could have acquired all of
Chesapeake's common stock as the equivalent of a five-year call

the market will force it to happen through the twin realizations that
higher energy prices are with us for a while and that energy producers' stock prices don't reflect the intrinsic value of the assets they own.

option on over a trillion cubic feet of natural gas for less than $100 million. Today, the present value of our reserves is over $3.2 billion.

Chesapeake 3

In addition, for the energy industry to generate greater supplies,

Chesapeake's strategy for achieving its goal is also straightforward: using our extensive geological and operational expertise created

more atfention will have to be paid to the cost-benefit relationship of
environmental regulations. For years, our country's policies of favoring a pristine environment while demanding cheap energy have been on a collision course. A more rational approach is required. We believe that both environmentalists and policymakers will have to realize that natural gas is the only fuel that can quickly deliver much
needed new supplies of energy in an environmentally friendly manner. Natural gas has numerous natural advantages over coal, oil and renewables and we believe that it can continue to trade at a BTU

through having drilled or acquired over 6,700 wells during the past
12 years, our company will continue to conduct one of the most technologically sophisticated searches for onshore natural gas in the U.S. In addition, we will continue to increase our two million acre leasehold inventory, which contains more than 1,500 additional drilling opportunities. It is the backbone of our ability to create future
shareholder value. Furthermore, we will continue to aggressively and economically consolidate smaller asset packages in each of our tour

major core operating areas, with particular emphasis on the key MidContinent area. The combination of these efforts should enable us to achieve Chesapeake's goal of generating industry-leading returns.

premium to competing fuels. By extension, we believe that over time

natural gas producers' stock prices will also be valued at much higher multiples in the market. As this summer rolls on and higher electricity and natural gas prices spread from California throughout the
interconnected western U.S. and on to the Midwest and East Coast,

Chesapeake's P4ewest Exploration Project The Georgetown in Deep Giddings
During the past three years, Chesapeake has transformed itself from

we believe investors will increasingly appreciate how well Chesapeake is prepared for this opportunity and is positioned to
profit from these trends.

a high-risk, exploration oriented operator in fractured carbonate for-

mations into a low-risk driller and acquirer of Mid-Continent natural
gas reserves. However, just because we have focused on lowering

Chesapeake's Primary Objective and Business Strategy
Chesapeake

our risk profile, it would be a mistake to assume we no longer have

an inventory of exciting drilling projects with the opportunity for significant production growth. In tact, Chesapeake is one of the top 10 drillers in the U.S. and has a number of high-potential drilling projects in both the Anadarko and Arkoma Basins of Oklahoma. Typically drilled to below 15,000', these deep projects in Oklahoma have the

primary objective is simple: we desire to be the most

profitable producer of natural gas in the U.S. on a per-unit-of-production basis in order to generate the industry's highest returns to shareholders. Of the more than 200 publicly traded producers listed
on U.S. stock exchanges, Chesapeake is already among the 10 most

potential to find more than 10 bcte per well.
Chesapeake's project area that is today generating more industry

profitable by this important measure. As we continue to grow our asset base and further improve our capital structure, we will continue
advancing toward our goal of being the best in the industry at exploring for, developing, acquiring and producing onshore natural gas.

attention than any other is the Georgetown play in the Deep Giddings

Field in Texas. Many of you may recall that the springboard for
Chesapeake's phenomenal returns to shareholders during 1994-96 (when Chesapeake increased in value by 90-fold and was the best

A

Chesapeake 4

Sin thousands)

Feb,un,y 4, 09d3 (CUX PU Outej has I5Ii31. 2101

1998

Chesapeake

Dow Jones
1999

(+20%)
NASDAQ

2000

(+37%)

2000

(+121%)

S&P 500

pertorming stock in America during that three-year period) was the

Looking Ahead
As we look ahead to what should be a terrific environment for
Chesapeake and our shareholders, we believe it's worth repeating

company extraordinary drilling success in its Navasota River and
Independence project areas. Located in Brazos, Grimes and Washington Counties, Texas, Chesapeake's Deep Giddings wells

our conclusion from last year's leffer to you: "As this decade unfolds, we believe investors will increasingly envision this 21st century as
the age of natural gas. Just as great wealth was created during the

developed over 600 bcfe of proved reserves, an amount that at

today's prices would create over $3 billion in value. Virtually all of this gas was produced from the Austin Chalk, the
uppermost of a series of tour deep fractured carbonate reservoirs.
The other three, the Georgetown, Edwards, and Glen Rose, were

20th century in the age of oil and in the 19th century as the age of coal, we believe investors will greatly profit from embracing the
tremendous potential of the natural gas industry." A year later, we still
feel the same way and believe many more investors share our view.

largely ignored as potential drilling targets because of the enormous

productivity of the Austin Chalk. As production from the company's
Chalk wells began to deplete, Chesapeake's geoscientists initiated a project to test the exciting potential of these deeper zones. The company's first two deeper wells have demonstrated the tremendous potential of at least one of the deeper zones, the Georgetown.

The year 2000 was a pivotal and rewarding year for our company. In just 12 years, Chesapeake has progressed from a $50,000 start up to one of the largest and most profitable natural gas producers in the industry. And in just the eight years since our IPO, $100 invested in Chesapeake would today have grown to $657, compared to $287

if invested in the DJIA, $263 in the NASDAQ and $258 in the S&P
500. Although we are proud of Chesapeake's past track record of value creation, we believe the years ahead can be even more rewarding.

Both of these wells generated sufficient revenues in just their first 30

days of production to completely pay for their drilling costs.
Although they have only been producing on average for less than four months, the wells have generated 5.1 bcfe of production and

total revenues of $30 million compared to total costs of $7 million.
These are ideal wells to be drilling in today's natural gas price
environment.

Best regards,

While the company does not expect all of its Georgetown wells to be of this same quality, we believe the combination of our 100,000
leasehold acres in the Deep Giddings area and today's $5+ natural

Aubrey K. McClendon

gas prices mandate an acceleration of our Georgetown drilling. As ot
this date, Chesapeake has decided to increase its Deep Giddings

commitment from one to 4-5 rigs to broadly test our prospective
Georgetown acreage. Based on initial results and our expertise in

Tom L. Ward

drilling deep horizontal wells, we are optimistic that the Georgetown, and possibly the other two deeper zones in Giddings, have the
April 12, 2001

potential to make a significant contribution to the company's production and reserves in 2001 and beyond.

Chesapeake 5

