 dear fellow shareholders
In 2014 we transformed every aspect of our business to build a new foundation — one based on financial discipline and profitable and efficient growth from our resources. During this critical year, our employees delivered exceptional results while significantly improving our financial position. We achieved the best safety performance in company history and further improved capital efficiencies in our major operating areas. From a financial perspective, we became significantly stronger, less complex and much more flexible. These along with many other achievements drove Chesapeake to greater stability and strength.
    generating Value
We grew our total oil and natural gas equivalent production by 9% in 2014, adjusting for divestitures, while reducing our total capital expenditures by approximately 14% compared to 2013. We also reached a production record of 770,000 barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day in mid-December. More importantly, we drove billions of dollars in value into our company through numerous efficiencies, continuous im- provement and cost leadership.
In 2014 we reduced drilling and completions capital ex- penditures by 18% to $4.5 billion, saving $1 billion compared to 2013. Our 2014 operating cash flow was approximately $5 billion, reflecting the lowest funding gap in 10 years. In addition, combined production and general and administrative costs per boe dropped 10% to a nine-year low.
gaining financial fleXiBility
Chesapeake became dramatically stronger, less complex and much more flexible in 2014 as three major accomplishments set us apart from our peers. We completed one of the largest and most significant transactions in company history with the divestiture of certain assets in the southern Marcellus and eastern Utica shales. Receiving approximately $5 billion for the assets during a depressed commodity price environment — assets which represented only 8% of proved reserves — gives us tremendous financial flexibility. We also completed a $450 million acquisition and exchange that doubled our working interest in the oil-rich Powder River Basin. Finally, we successfully spun off our oilfield services division into the public company Seventy Seven Energy Inc.
We reached another first in company history with a new unsecured $4 billion credit facility with investment grade-like terms. Moody’s and S&P each upgraded Chesapeake by two notches, placing us one level below investment grade at both rating agencies. Since 2012 we have reduced total leverage by $5.5 billion.
operating responsiBly
The safety of our employees, contractors, the environment and the public is our number one priority, and our 2014 performance
in those areas was outstand- ing. We ended the year with the lowest total recordable incident rate in company history and reduced our cumulative report- able spill volume by 42%.
We remain focused on our
responsibility to stakeholders,
and in 2014 that included a
renewed commitment to our landowners. We initiated face- to-face meetings in our two largest producing regions, Penn- sylvania and Texas, and continue to initiate communications with many of our landowners. In 2014 we also invested in our employees through career development programs, introduced a competitively based companywide employee compensation program that aligned with our corporate performance goals and fostered a culture of continuous learning and elevating innovative solutions.
demonstrating e&p leadership
Our record accomplishments have positioned us to remain strong and flexible in 2015. We continue to respond decisively to the lower commodity price environment, including a reduced capital budget and activity level. However, we will not shift our focus from driving differential performance, ensuring every dollar we invest creates value, increases our financial and operational flexibility and lowers our business costs. These strategies will allow us to continue the historic transformation of our company into a leader in the E&P industry. We have made impressive progress, yet there is so much more we will accomplish. Thank you for investing in Chesapeake Energy.
Robert D. Lawler
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director April 10, 2015
  2014 annual report
1
