Letter to Shareholders
iscal 1993 was a year of major change for Chesapeake Energy Corporation as we made the transition from privateto public onership. This transition has set the stage for future earnings an4 asset growth.

The success of Chesapeake's initial public offering (IPO) in February 1993 was an important step in implementing our plai for increased profitabiliEy and growth for the company. Chesapeake received net proceeds of approximately $25.2 million from the public Offering of 2.3 million shares of the company's common stock. This offering allowed the company to significantly reduce long term debt and improve working capital.

Additionally, in early 1994.Chesapeake plans to begin operatiOns on a horizontal drilling project in southern Oklahoma with Texaco and Mobil as our partners. If successful, the venture could significantly increase the company's inventory of low-risk developmental opportunities.

CHESAPEAKE'S STRENGTH
Sinceinception, Chesapeake's strength has been the acquisition and development of high quality undeveloped properties. In this regard, we have. concentrated our efforts in two primary operating.. areas: the Giddings Field in southern Texas and the Golden Trend Field in southern Oklahoma.
Our use of advanced seismic-, drilling, and completion technologies in these fields has enabled' Chesapeake to increase its annual production by more than 2600% during the past four years; We believe our technical, capabilities and leasehold inventory. will contin.ue to provide substantial growth oppor.tunities in the next several years.

CORPORATE STRATEGY
Chesapeake's business strategy is based on our view that the ownership and development of domestic energy reserves,- particularly natural gas, will create substantial benefits to our shareholders. To maximize those benefits, we have concentrated our efforts in: three areas.

OPERATIONAL RESULTS.
Although constrained by limited capital, we. nevertheless enjoyed
operational. success In

First, we have acquired more than 100,000 gross acres of prospective undeveloped leasehold in Our primary operating areas. With our projected drilling schedule of 40-50 wells per year, this undeveloped leasehold should provide the company with three to five years of low-risk drilling opportunities Second, Chesapeake continues to be one of the Ieadersin .the applicacion.of advanced horizontal drilling techniques. We are now drilling opposing and stacked laterals from a single vertical welibore. Technical advances such as these have helped lower horizontal drilling costs by approximately 25% during. the past year. This trend should continue as we incorporate more innovations in this rapidly expanding area of high technology. Third the alliances we have created with larger energy companies, such as AmeradaHess, Mobil, Texaco and Union Pacific Resources Company, demonstrate. the quality of Chesapeake's asset base and theinnovative spirit of management. For example Chesapeake recently announced joint development and financing agreements ith Union Pacific in the Giddings Field which could lead to the. risk-free development Of as much as 18 to 30 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent (BCFE), net to the company's interest.

fiscal 1993. During .the year, we drilled 37 wells, 34 of which were commercially productive. The company's production for the year increased by 24% to 4.3 BCFE and tOtal compan reserves also grew tq an all-time high f 137.5 BCFE. Additionally, revenues from oil and gas sales increased 10% despite an 11% decrease in average oil and gas prices..
.

-.

Chesapeake's finding costs for fiscal 1993 were approximately $0.85 per thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent (MCFE) in our primary operating areas and $1 .07 per MCFE overall. These attractive finding costs .and attractive development opportunities enabled the company to reinvest its cash flow.in finding additional reserves. With a

capital budget for new wells of only$7.4 million, we were still able to replace. 1 76% of our production in 1993
This was achieved even though the increased drilling activity that resulted from our IPO did not materially affect.o'ur.operating results in fiscal 1993. However, we are now seeing the benefits of increased drilling activity In the first quarter of fiscal 1994, net production was up .56% compared' V.. to the first fiscal quarter of 1993. For all of fiscal 1.994, we anticipate increasing producfion volumes by more than 50% over the previous year. This trend shbuld provide excellent .earnings and cash flow increases, creating strong momentum, for per share value growth.
.
V

OUTLOOK FOR OUR FUTURE
Some of our pçer are spreading their drillig budgets across both domestic and international
drilling projects. We believe this is' an inappropriate strategy for a medium-sized independent producer. 'Therefore, Chesapeake has focused, virtually all, of its fiscal 1994 capital budget on developmental drilling in the Giddings and Golden Trend Fields, two of the most active fields in the nation and areas where we have historically performed well

FINANCIAL RESULTS

.

V

Despite reporting a loss of $365,000 in fiscal 1993, we believe the strength of our management team and our, strategy of growth through drilling will translate into 'improved financial results in fiscal:
1994.

'Our goals for 1994 and beyond remain,, ambitious. We believe the rest of the decade will be rewarding for well-managed, gas-leveraged cornpanie that have "demonstrated the capability to grow through drilling. We will continue to concentrate on, areas where we have competitive advantages such, as the Giddings and Golden Trend Fields We intend to increase our asset base and financial strength through continued acquisition and development of strategic leasehold blocks where we can utilize our geologicaland engineering strengths tp deliver attractive financial results.
.

To a large degree,' the company's earnings decline in 1993 was the result of a special charge of$1.3. million as a provision for litigation expen,se'and legal settlements. Although distasteful, the settlements have nowallowed management to focus its efforts on enhancing shareholder value, through the development:of the company's large reserve base.

We emphasize to all of our current and prospective 'shareholders that we are dedicated to creating consistent and sustained growth in' shareholder value. With management owning more. than .50% of 'the outstanding common shares, the financial interests of management and shareholders are truly aligned. "
.

During the past fOur' fiscal yeals w have. increased our revenues from $0.6 millionto $18.0
million? increased our

annual production frOm 0.2 BCFE to
4.3 .BCFE', increased total assets from $7.5

We are grateful to our dedicated employees.for their hard wOrk and strong performance during a challenging year, We also wish to thank our drectors fOr their leadership and counsel and our 'shareholders for their continued confidence. We encourage you to share our enthusiasm for,' Chesapeake's future.
.

//&
Aubrey K. McClendon.
Chairman and ChiefExecutive Officer

million'to $77.8 million, and enlarged our proved reserve .base from 10.9 BCFE to 137.5' BCFE. These fOur-' year growth rates are among the highest in the independent energy sector. As our capital 'requirements are met, we expect. impressive rates of growth.to continue.

ToiL..Ward
President and Chief Operating Officer

