LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Through your investment in Chesapeake Energy Corporation, you have expressed confidence in Chesapeake's management and our strategy for
continuing the growth of the company's reserves, production, cash flow, and earnings. More importantly, we understand that you expect your investment with us to increase in value. Therefore, we are pleased to report that in fiscal

1995, Chesapeake generated a 563% increase in shareholder value - the highest among all companies in the independent energy sector. This was achieved despite a 20% decline in natural gas equivalent prices during the
fiscal year.

A key feature distinguishing Chesapeake from its peers has been its ability

to produce superior returns to shareholders during periods of flat to lower
commodity prices. We have built Chesapeake not just to survive these periods,

but to grow and prosper in adverse environments. Our goal has been to create a new model for success as an independent energy producer by building on Chesapeake's competitive advantages described below.
Chesapeake competitive advantages include:

Growth through the drilibit business strategy; Large inventory of future drilling opportunities;
Advanced technological expertise in focused operating areas;

Superior operating margin from effective cost control, and;

Close alignment of shareholder and management interests.

Before explaining why we believe these competitive advantages can continue

to generate meaningful returns to our shareholders, we would like to highlight our operating and financial results for fiscal 1995.

2

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
1995 i Achievements

During the year, Chesapeake:

EARNINGS GROWTH
in thousands)

Increased oil and natural gas production 215% to 32 Bcfe.
512,000 10,000

Increased total revenues 126% to $67.3 million.

8,000

6.000

Increased earnings 200% to $11.7 million and earnings per share 161% to $0.94.

4,000
2,000

0 91
92 93 94

95

Tncreased operating cash flow 198% to $45.1 million.
Reduced operating costs (DD&A, lease operating expenses,

Chesapeake's earnings have increased by a compound growth rate of 90%...

production taxes, and G&A) 30% to $1.04 per Mcfe.
Increased capital resources through a $90 million senior note offering and expanded bank credit facilities.

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

AVERAGE OIL & GAS PRICES
($ per Mcfe)

1b succeed in any industry, a company must have certain core competencies which provide distinct competitive advantages. This is especially true in the independent energy sector where more than 200 major and independent public companies compete to find, develop, and produce oil and natural gas reserves. We believe Chesapeake's five competitive advantages help explain how the company has thrived during this challenging period in the energy industry.
GROWTH THROUGH THE DRILLBIT

$3.25
3.00

2.75 2.50 2.25
2.00 1.7$ 1.50

1.00
.50

0

We have chosen to build Chesapeake through our expertise with the drilibit rather than by acquiring other companies' producing properties. We believe this strategy makes Chesapeake fundamentally different and stronger than most independent energy companies for three reasons.

91

Iii
92 93 94

95

despite a 33% commodity price decline.

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

3

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
First, this strategy enables Chesapeake to capture more upside potential from drilling new wells. In the company's project areas, new wells can develop reserves with a value of up to Live times the cost of drilling such wells. We accomplish this result by integrating enhanced seismic information with our
drilling and completion expertise to develop new reservoirs. Our expertise with
ASSET GROWTH

100% THROUGH THE DRILLBIT
In thousands)

$350,000
300,000 250.000 200,000
150,000 100.000

new exploration technologies greatly reduces geological risk while earning attractive returns even with today's low commodity prices.

Secondly, because most major oil and natural gas producers have
significantly reduced domestic exploration efforts and many independent producers have focused on acquiring producing properties, there is less
competition for good exploration ideas. With less competition, Chesapeake has a greater opportunity to leverage its exploration expertise into new areas that have the potential to significantly increase the company's value. The third reason for Chesapeake's growth through the drillbit strategy is the efficiency created from owning new wells. Just as in operating a new car or factory, operating a newly drilled well is less expensive than operating an older
well.

50,000

91

92

93

94

95

Chesapeake's assets have grown at a compound rate of 44%...

Consequently, the company's production and administrative costs per unit of production are the lowest among its peers. Chesapeake therefore has

more cash flow available per unit of production to reinvest in its drilling
program, providing funding to continue growing the company's oil and natural
gas reserves.
OIL & GAS
PRODUCTION GROWTH
110 MMcfe)

The success of this growth through the drilibit strategy is most evident in Chesapeake's oil and natural gas production growth. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, Chesapeake's first full quarter as a public company, the company produced 1.1 Bcfe. By the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995, just two years later, Chesapeake's production increased to 11.9 Bcfe, an increase of almost 1,000%. The company's creativity in identifying attractive geological opportunities, its technological expertise, and its financial resources have enabled Chesapeake, at the end of fiscal 1995 to be the third most active driller onshore in the U.S.,

35,000 30.000 25.000 20,000 15,000 10.000 5,000

ranking behind two much larger companies, Amoco and Union Pacific
Resources.

0-uI
91 92 93

4

94

95

Also at the end of fiscal 1995, Chesapeake ranked first in average depth drilled per well (almost 15,000 feet). By drilling deeper into less extensively explored reservoirs, Chesapeake has a greater possibility of discovering large
amounts of previously undiscovered or undeveloped oil and natural gas reserves.

fueled by a compound production growth rate of 81%.

These prolific deposits of hydrocarbons are now within the company's reach due

to technological advances in seismic and drilling and completion techniques.

4

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
THREE-YEAR INVENTORY OF DRILLSITES
UNDRILLED LOCATION INVENTORY

A leading indicator of an energy company's potential for future success is the size and quality of its inventory of future drilling projects. Chesapeake's threeyear inventory of undrilled locations is our second competitive advantage and

525

450
375 300

provides a strong foundation for our continued reserve and production
growth. The greatest challenge facing all energy producers is the need to replace the

225

oil and natural gas reserves that deplete through daily oil and natural gas
production. Similarly, the greatest challenge facing energy investors is the need to identify companies that can continue to grow their reserves and production.
91 92
93

Rather than requiring an investor to speculate as to how Chesapeake might replace its depleting reserves with unspecified drilling or future property acquisitions, we have indentified 500 future drillsites on Chesapeake's existing
leasehold.

Chesapeake's prospect inventory provides substantial future growth opportunities.

This inventory consists of undrilled locations in the Navasota River,
Independence, Knox, Masters Creek, Sholem Alechem, and Arkoma Jackfork project areas. We believe these future drilling opportunities have the potential to more than double Chesapeake's current reserves of oil and natural gas. The

common theme linking these projects is Chesapeake's geological focus on unconventional reservoirs. The company has developed all of these projects
during the past two years and is now working on several new project areas that have the potential to produce new discoveries in fiscal 1997 and beyond.

Chesapeake Una'rilled Locations
Cheaspeake's operations are diversified in seven major operating areas.
Sholem Alechern
10% 1501

Miscellaneous 10% (50)

Navasota River Etuda/Ceorgetown 9% (45)

Masters Creek 10% (50)

Independence 15% 175)
Knox 30% 11501

Navasota River Austin Chalk 6% (30)

Aikoma Jackfork 10% (50)

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

5

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
TECHNOLOGICAL LEADERSHIP

The increasing rate of technological change in such areas as horizontal drilling, 3-dimensional seismic, and deep fracture stimulation have enabled technically sophisticated companies such as Chesapeake to identify and develop new oil

and natural gas reserves more profitably than at any time during the past 20 years. Although Chesapeake has distinguished itself in each of these new technologies, Chesapeake's leadership in horizontal drilling is particularly important. During fiscal 1995, Chesapeake drilled 61 horizontal wells and has drilled 230 horizontal wells since 1990. The company's expertise in horizontal drilling provides lower costs per foot of horizontal wellbore drilled and the potential for recovery of more reserves per dollar invested, both of which result in lower finding costs and higher operating margins.

HORIZONTAL WELLS DRILLED
(cumulative wells)

250

200

150

The talent of Chesapeake's landmen, geologists, and engineers, the
company's strong relationships with the vendors who design and manufacture horizontal equipment, and our willingness to experiment with new ideas have enabled Chesapeake to drill increasingly deeper horizontal wells and thereby
91.

92

93

94

95

1Q96

Chesapeake is the second most active driller of horizontal wells in the U.S.

expand the boundaries of our fields. For example, in just the past year, significant improvements in measurement-while-drilling and logging-whiledrilling tools, downhole motors, and drilibit technology have contributed to Chesapeake's extension of the downdip limit in Giddings from 13,000 feet to
almost 15,000 feet. The continued extension of this limit is important because as horizontal
HORIZONTAL DRILLING EXPERTISE
chesapeake is now able to drill tour laterals from one vertical wellbore.

drilling technology improves, the number of prospective drilisites on
Chesapeake's 350,000 gross acre leasehold inventory in Texas and Louisiana continues to increase. Specifically, for every 1,000 feet deeper the company

can drill, up to 50 additional drilisites become prospective. Chesapeake's deeper drilling expertise should also enable the company to extend its
downdip Giddings success into the potentially prolific Leesville and Masters Creek areas of Louisiana. Chesapeake has also helped advance the technology of drilling multiple horizontal laterals from a single vertical welibore. Drilling two or more horizontal laterals enables Chesapeake to develop its reserves by drilling fewer

wells and thereby more efficiently using the company's capital. In the Independence area of the Giddings Field, Chesapeake is drilling its first quadrilateral well. This well has been designed to simultaneously produce
reserves from both the Austin Chalk and Georgetown formations by drilling four horizontal laterals from one vertical welibore. We anticipate a cost savings of 50% compared to drilling four single lateral horizontal wells.

Austin Chalk Austin Chalk

Buda

Georgetown

6

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
SUPERIOR OPERATING MARGIN

Chesapeake's fourth competitive advantage is our industry-leading operating margin. This margin is defined on a per-unit-of-production basis as oil and natural gas sales revenues minus operating costs (defined as lease operating expenses, production taxes, general and administrative expenses, and oil and gas depreciation, depletion, and amortization expenses). The key to creating shareholder value in the energy industry is the ability to generate high levels of cash flow that can be reinvested in a profitable search for new reserves. Chesapeake maximizes its cash flow per unit of production by increasing its top-line revenues through production growth while carefully managing bottomline costs. We have developed this industry-leading cost structure by:

IMPROVING

OPERATING EFFICIENCY
1$ per Mete)
LU
r

$3.00

2.50

2.00

1.50

1,00

.50

Utilizing horizontal drilling technology to reduce the per unit cost of finding and producing the company's oil and natural gas reserves;

.00
91.

92

93

94

95

Concentrating the company's drilling in areas which provide the critical mass necessary to spread operating and overhead costs over
a large number of wells;

Chesapeake's industry-leading operating cost structure is a key to creating shareholder value.

Operating 86% of the company's production, thereby allowing our employees to implement the most cost-effective and technologically advanced drilling, completing, and operating procedures, and;
Maintaining a flat organizational structure which allows Chesapeake

CASH FLOW GROWTH
)$ in thousends)

$50,000

40,000

to evaluate and quickly respond to attractive opportunities.
30,000

20,000

Because we believe oil and natural gas prices are likely to remain flat in the

10,000

near term, the most profitable Mcfofgas or barrel of oil that can be produced is the one produced today. This is because long-lived reserves, burdened by future operating, financing, and administrative costs and adversely effected by the time value of money and the risk of future mechanical or reservoir problems, are less valuable than reserves that can be produced more quickly. As a result, reserves produced sooner rather than later have higher operating margins and are more likely to create shareholder value than those reserves produced in the future.

91

92

93

94

95

Chesapeake's drilling success
has generated substantial cash flow growth.

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

7

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Chesapeake attempts to develop large per-well oil and natural gas reserves
RESERVES PER WELL
in MMcfe)

with an average life of 5-6 years, shorter than the industry average of 8-10 years. The combination of accelerating the production of the company's
reserves, generating high cash flows from the production, and then successfully reinvesting the cash flows into a technologically advanced exploration program

3.000

2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000

can provide Chesapeake's shareholders with increasing value, even during
periods of low oil and natural gas prices.
MANAGEMENT'S LARGE EQUITY STAKE

500

Peer Group

Chesapeake

Chesapeake's fifth competitive advantage is management's ownership of approximately 50% of Chesapeake's equity, the highest in our peer group and among the highest of all NYSE-listed companies. This large ownership has created a culture of entrepreneurship in the company that results in more creative and productive employees. Furthermore, it closely aligns the interests of management and shareholders. The daily decisions involved in managing Chesapeake's active and technically sophisticated drilling program are made quickly and implemented by employees who have direct lines of communication to management and

Chesapeake focuses on developing

high-reserve properties which are more efficient to operate.

MANAGEMENT OWNERSHIP
(% of equity owned by management)

60%

50%

have a significant stake in the outcome of those decisions. This flat organizational structure combined with our motivated work teams helps
Chesapeake outmaneuver its competitors.

40%

30%

20%

10%

LOOKING FORWARD

0
Peer Group

Chesapeake's exploration strategy has always been based on three core beliefs:

Chesapeake

Management's interests are closely

Large amounts of oil and natural gas reserves remain in unconventional
reservoirs in the U.S.;

aligned with other shareholders'
interests.

Higher returns and value can be created by drilling new wells, and;

Advances in technology will enable Chesapeake to continue lowering the cost of finding and producing oil and natural gas.

8

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Chesapeake has grown during the past six years from five employees and
$50,000 in assets to an industry leader with 200 employees and an enterprise value
Large reserves remaining in unconventional resevoirs
+

of $500 million. This success underscores the strengths of the company's strategy,

its people, its assets, and its ability to utilize new technologies to discover and
develop oil and natural gas reserves. Despite a cautious view that characterizes our

Growth through

the drilibit strategy
+

industry, we are optimistic that Chesapeake can provide further increases in
shareholder value through the company's competitive advantages, core beliefs, and exploration successes. We look forward to reporting further progress as we

Chesapeake's technological expertise

continue building Chesapeake into what we believe can be the premier
independent energy producer in the U.S.

Value created for Chesapeake shareholders

Aubrey

.

McClendon

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

To

L. Ward

President and Chief Operating Officer

October 1, 1995

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORPORATION

9

