 LETTER TO OUR FELLOW OWNERS
 TO OUR FELLOW OWNERS
In many ways, 2005 was an exceptional year. In a period of unprecedented turmoil and volatility in the transportation industry, our financial results exceeded our long-term growth targets, and in fact, we achieved our most successful year financially. We added 970 people, bringing our total employee base to 5,776 worldwide. We expanded our network with the addition of 20 new offices and now have 196 offices in
19 countries. We grew our customer relationships to 20,500 and our carrier relationships to 40,000 worldwide. We also celebrated our 100th anniversary, a tremendous milestone we are all extremely proud of.
Robinson is a service company. Many of our employees are owners, and the effort of our people is what drove our terrific results. I want to take this moment to thank them for their hard work in 2005.
All of our business lines contributed to our strong gross profit growth of 33 percent. Our people continued to work hard and manage our business efficiently, generating 46 percent growth in operating income. Our earnings per share increased just under 47 percent. Our balance sheet and financial position remain very strong, with approximately $350 million in cash and short term investments at the end of 2005
and no long-term debt. We increased our quarterly dividend almost
74 percent to $0.13 per share from $0.075 per share. And while we focus primarily on gross profits as the indicator of the value we bring to the marketplace, our $5.7 billion in gross revenues, 31 percent higher than 2004, is a growth mark that we’re also proud of. Yet even though it makes us one of the largest third party providers in the world, it still represents a fairly small portion of the hundreds of billions of dollars that are spent on transportation and logistics within North America, and trillions world- wide. We recognize that we still have a lot of opportunity ahead of us and are as excited as we have ever been about our future and our growth.
Our variable cost, non-asset based business model continues to do well for us. Robinson is all about people, service, relationships, and technology. That is the foundation of our company and what drives our success.
At the same time, there were additional factors in 2005 that contributed to our great results: strong North American truckload demand and pricing; successful acquisitions that supplemented our growth in sourcing and global forwarding; and our ability to leverage our branch network, to grow our earnings faster than our revenues.
     C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT | 7

 LETTER TO OUR FELLOW OWNERS
 Our North American truck business represents about 70 percent of our gross profits. Since we have been a publicly traded company, our long-term growth goal for the company overall has been a sustained 15 percent growth for gross profits and earnings. That goal is based largely upon our historical track record and the rate at which we believe we can successfully add offices, add people, and grow transaction volume in our network, while not disturbing our strong standards of service to customers and carriers.
In 2005, we had approximately 15 percent growth in our truckload transactions. In addition to the volume growth, however, we also continued to see unprecedented truckload transportation price increases.
Prior to 2004, truckload transportation rates generally increased slightly from year to year. In 2005, it is estimated that prices increased, on a percentage basis, in the mid-teens. Truck transportation rate increases have been driven by tight truckload capacity, caused by factors such as driver shortages and hours of service regulations, and by increasing fuel prices. These double-digit rate increases, combined with our trans- action volume growth, were the major changes that drove our truckload transportation gross profit growth above our long-term growth target. When we look out into the future, we do not assume general price
increases or decreases. We plan for flexibility. We plan to react to the market, and then we work to do the best job we can to service our customers. Our business model and our internal disciplines ensure that we have market-based relationships with both our customers and our carriers. The significant price, supply, and demand changes over the last few years have made what we do more difficult. Our people have had to work very hard to stay on top of volatility in the marketplace, and make sure they are being fair to our customers and carriers. We feel good about the fact that we have been able to maintain our margins and grow our business through this challenging environment.
The second factor that contributed to our exceptionally strong results in 2005 was our successful acquisition strategy. While our overall emphasis will continue to be on organic growth, we view acquisitions as an opportunistic way to add value to our network and add value to our shareholders. We are very selective. FoodSource and Epic Roots, two innovative produce marketing and distribution companies, brought important retail customer and supplier relationships, as well as additional organic and labeling expertise, to our sourcing business. Bussini and Hirdes, both European-based freight forwarders, also added significant relation- ships, as well as geographic expansion to our global forwarding business.
    C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT | 8

 LETTER TO OUR FELLOW OWNERS
 Together these acquisitions added approximately six percent to our overall gross profit growth, and approximately eight percent to our net income. This is somewhat of an estimate because we do integrate new acquisitions fairly quickly and there is significant shared revenue, but by any measure they had a meaningful impact to Robinson’s overall performance this year.
Finally, we’ve talked in the past and have emphasized again this year that when we have high revenue growth, often we can grow our earnings faster than we are able to grow our gross profits. Over the last ten years we’ve been successful at continually driving up our operating margins by focusing on productivity, making our network more efficient, and automating wherever possible. One of the key metrics that we analyze is income from operations as a percentage of gross profits, and that went from 33.7 percent in 2004 to 37.1 percent in 2005. That type of improvement is really only possible when we are growing our revenues at a high rate, primarily because of our variable, performance-based compensation model. When we achieve high gross profit growth, we can keep the fixed cost component of compensation to a lower percentage and improve our earnings growth and the return to our shareholders. In addition, the significant truckload price increases, mentioned earlier, also contributed to our ability to improve operating margins.
Each year, our goal is to hang on to the productivity gains we had
from the year before and continue to build upon them. When we look at our model and out into the future, it’s important to understand that
it is very challenging to create even a tenth of a percent of improvement in our operating margins. We are in a very competitive industry, and
our customers and carriers have very high service expectations of
us. So we’ll continue to strive to leverage our network, but this type
of significant improvement is not typical and will be difficult to
replicate going forward.
Those are the highlights of our strong results in 2005. I would like to emphasize again that while we have identified truckload pricing, acquisitions, and network leverage as contributing factors to our outstanding growth, our core foundation of having the right people, providing them performance incentives, and equipping them with superior systems and business processes is fundamentally what drives our success for the long term.
Where do we go from here? As many of our owners know, we don’t provide specific, short-term earnings guidance. We try to explain our long-term goals and expectations and let you know how we’re thinking, so that we can be as helpful as possible in formulating views of the
     C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT | 9

 LETTER TO OUR FELLOW OWNERS
 future. There are several important considerations we want to share with our fellow owners. First, we believe we have a unique attitude toward pricing in the marketplace. We are a very solution- oriented company in both longer-term contractual business and
in shorter-term transactional transportation. We do not make predetermined price adjustments on a corporate basis, but operate on a very decentralized basis so we can respond rapidly to the market and our customers’ needs.
Another important consideration is the fact that although we are always looking for excellent companies to add to our network, we don’t plan on acquisitions to achieve our growth goals. And finally, while we continue to look for ways to improve our operations, it’s very difficult to anticipate significant annual increases to our productivity. With these factors in mind, along with our historical track record, we keep coming back to our long-term growth goal of 15 percent.
We will continue to invest in our foundation of people and technology. We are building our team for the future, and if our growth supports it, we expect to to add approximately 1,000 new employees in 2006. We will continue to build our network and expand our market share. We
plan to open six to ten new branch offices this year and hope to add others through the right acquisitions.
To both our current owners and our prospective owners, we want to thank you for your interest and support of C. H. Robinson. We hope this year’s report expands your understanding of our unique company and business model, and heightens your appreciation of the important contributions of our people. They are a hard-working, dedicated, talented group who, in many cases, also happen to be owners. They are invested in our success and I think our results are proof of that.
We are confident in our strategy, our position, and our outlook, and look forward to another terrific year.
Sincerely,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer
     C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT | 10
