 To our fellow owners,
We’re proud that in 2010 we continued to deliver exceptional value to the marketplace, and it showed in our results. Even as the transportation environment continued to be challenging, we sustained our long track record of increasing our annual earnings, with 9.4 percent diluted earnings per share growth. Our total revenues increased 22.4 percent, our net revenues grew 6.2 percent, and our income from operations was up 6.5 percent. Although net revenue margin comparisons created headwinds for us, we grew our volumes throughout 2010 in nearly all of our transportation services by continuing to aggressively sell as market conditions improved, and as the year progressed our growth accelerated.
The recession was tough for all of us, and the past two years have tested our business model in new ways. We’re very pleased at how we managed through it, and we think that our results are a visible statement about our business model, our people and performance culture, and our execution discipline. As we analyze our results for 2010, we highlight the following factors as key contributors to our continued success: the growing acceptance of third party logistics and our business model; our steady expansion of services and strengthening of our global network of services; our practice of having the best people in a variable, performance-based compensation system; and significant focus on automating our processes and driving productivity improvements.
Industry trends are driving opportunities
The pressure that the economic downturn put on supply chains, our customers, and our suppliers has intensified two longer-term trends in transportation that we believe are driving increased demand for our services: an expanding focus on supply chains as a competitive advantage, and growing volatility in the relationship between transportation supply and demand, which is leading to increased pricing volatility. Both of these trends are making our business model even more relevant in the marketplace and creating growth opportunities for our services.

Letter to Our Shareholders
(continued from previous page)
Logistics matters more than ever. As we meet with our customers and participate in business reviews, an increasing number of companies tell us they want to make logistics and their supply chain a competitive advantage. For many companies, that means looking holistically at the full spectrum of their supply chain decisions—from sourcing, to production and manufacturing, to distribution—
and ultimately, at how they will fulfill the service requirements of their customers. Globalization and technology have added both new pressures and new opportunities to this approach. Companies want to understand all of their costs, they want greater reporting and benchmarking, they want access to best practices, and they want speed to markets. Rather than just helping move freight from point A to point B, we’re now also helping our customers move their companies from point A to point B.
Second, we see an increase in volatility within the relationship between supply and demand in logistics, as the demand side continues to see rapid changes and the supply side is constrained in
 We think that our results are a visible statement
about our business model, our people and performance culture,
and our execution discipline.
its ability to react quickly. That creates challenges for supply chain decision making and increases overall price volatility. Since 2004, we have seen a significant increase in price volatility.
From our interactions with our customers and our insight into both freight demand and the supply side of the equation, we believe there are several reasons why transportation costs are becoming more volatile. On the demand side, companies increasingly utilize enterprise models and have a greater focus on return on capital. As a result, there
has been more and more emphasis on running leaner on inventory, deploying more automated replenishment, and simply managing businesses more efficiently and
more competitively. Those trends translate into decisions like eliminating safety stock, increasing live loading, and aggressively managing replenishment. In 2009, in the heart of the freight recession, almost every company that we interacted with was going for liquidity, driving down the inventory levels, and worrying about financing. Today many of them are trying to preserve those operational and productivity gains, with heightened levels of productivity, lower inventories, and faster turns. Supply chains are automating, globalizing, and being managed much more tightly today, and that is driving the demand side of volatility in the marketplace. All of these things create increased pressure to have a higher service transportation offering, which is at the core of our approach and our broad menu of modes and services.
On the supply side of the equation, there is a significant amount of change going on with three of the biggest cost drivers for transportation capacity owners: capital, fuel, and labor. Several factors could make financing more challenging for the trucking industry, and equipment costs are expected to continue to grow. With continued driver shortages, labor costs are expected to rise. Fuel prices have been exceedingly volatile over the last few years. Potentially adding to these increased costs and capacity constraints, motor carriers face a combination of pending regulatory changes in hours of service, safety, and emissions. In addition, supply fluctuations have been caused by the changing market share strategies of many large transportation providers (especially in ocean and LTL), by freight consolidation opportunities, and by increasing modal conversion. With our unique perspective through our relationships with 49,000 transportation providers worldwide, we see a lot of market shifts transpiring, both long term and in reaction to short-term price changes, because of changes in the economy and changes in the marketplace.

When you put together the increasing pressures within both supply and demand, we believe it’s clear that volatility—including price volatility—is here to stay. And that volatility is a significant part of what’s driving the focus on logistics, and the increased marketplace demand for third party logistics. Companies are looking for help in achieving those competitive advantages that are so important to be successful today in the marketplace. We believe that our ability to use our flexible, variable-cost model to help both our customers and our suppliers navigate this increased volatility is more and more critical to being successful.
Our future goals and growth strategy
Since we became a publicly traded company 14 years ago, we have had a track record of achieving our 15 percent compounded annual growth goal for net revenues, and exceeding it in earnings per share. It is our goal to sustain that 15 percent compounded annual growth for the foreseeable future, and our long-range plans and assessment of our market opportunity continue to validate that target.
Our strategy to achieve that goal breaks down into three parts. First, we’ll continue to grow our share of the market. The markets we participate in are large and fragmented. Market size estimates vary, but by any measure we remain a small percentage of the North American truck transportation market, and obviously a much smaller percentage of the overall global transportation market.
In everything that we do today, we think there’s great opportunity to continue to grow through disciplined selling and account management.
Second, we’ll continue to innovate and add services that fit our business model. We’re doing a lot of things today that we weren’t doing five years ago. Through account management, we plan to continue to identify innovation opportunities and add more capabilities so that we can assist our customers in the future in ways we aren’t today.
Third, we will continue to expand globally. We have been expanding our global network for the last 20 years, and there are still many parts of the world where we can open offices or connect small acquisitions to the C.H. Robinson network with people, processes, and technology.
Improving the world’s supply chains
We feel as good as ever about our capabilities, our model of providing transportation and supply chain services, and our market opportunities. Supply chains are changing rapidly, and the need for our expertise and execution continues to grow. Every day, our people are hard at work, finding new ways to add value to and support the success of our customers, suppliers, and contract carriers. With the dedication and talent of our people as our foundation, we remain very confident in our strategy and long-term success.
Thank you for your continued support,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 