2015 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Businesses today require what C.H. Robinson delivers better than anyone else: The people, processes, and technology to drive global trade. Our people share a passion for engaging with companies where and how they want to do business. We excel at building relationships with our customers and carriers and know how to show them what great service is. With our help, our customers can deliver their products virtually anywhere in the world. We provide truly global logistics technology that erases information gaps, smooths complex freight handoffs, and provides near real time, in-transit visibility. Our shared purpose connects customers with their trading partners and allows them to spend their logistics dollars wisely. Our financial results show our success in connecting businesses on a global scale. We finished 2015 with $13.5 billion in total revenue, $510 million in net income, and diluted net income per share of $3.51. Our customers face supply chain challenges every day. We hire people who can lead and adapt with a creative and entrepreneurial spirit not seen anywhere else; as a result, we've transformed those challenges into an advantage. In early 2015, we acquired Freightquote, an internetbased transportation provider, to help create customer advantages in a new segment. The Freightquote integration is now complete, and it adds eCommerce technology that connects us with smaller shippers and automates transactions. Over the past year with Freightquote in our portfolio of services, we have dramatically increased our total customer count nearly threefold, to 110,000.
READ MORE ONE SHARED PURPOSE 3

«

Our people have what it takes to lead the industry and our customers into the future. We have two valuable tools to assist with that goal. First, we connect businesses with processes built over decades of experience. These processes, in the hands of our skilled problem solvers, delivered 17 million global shipments in 2015--2.7 million more shipments than 2014. Customers rely on our solutions to achieve new levels of efficiency that our competitors can't match. Second, our people have Navisphere®, our single global technology platform, that connects customers, carriers, and suppliers by the methods of their choice--electronic B2B, web, mobile, and personto-person. Our proprietary

Our three long-term goals to grow market share, provide impactful global services, and expand our network, are more relevant to this new environment than ever

technology encompasses the entire lifecycle of a shipment from notification through the delivery and financial settlement. Customers can track their inventory down to a SKU level. With more than 150,000 companies integrated through our technology ecosystem, we automate more than 70% of our primary interactions with customers and carriers, and

have over 5 million web and mobile interactions monthly. Our people will continue to bring emerging technologies along with responsive processes to the industry and lead our customers into the next generation of solutions. As we look to the future of global trade, we are at the forefront of a changed landscape. One that we can mold and design because of our leadership in the industry. Our three long-term goals to grow market share, provide impactful global services, and expand our network are more relevant in this environment than ever. North America remains our largest market, but we already execute more than 2 million nonNorth American shipments per year for over 20,000 customers. And we are just getting started.

4

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

PEOPLE

PROCESS

TECHNOLOGY

ONE SHARED PURPOSE

As we continue our pursuit of our one shared purpose, I'm proud to say we returned $468 million to shareholders in 2015, a 19% increase from 2014. Since we went public, we've returned a total of $4.7 billion to shareholders. These returns are possible because of our flexible business model. Special thanks go to you, our shareholders. We truly appreciate your continued trust in us as we focus on creating value for you and serving our customers. Thank you,

John P. Wiehoff Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
ONE SHARED PURPOSE 5

«

FIND OUT HOW OUR PEOPLE, PROCESSES, AND TECHNOLOGY CREATE OUR SUCCESS

