TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
 Our sense of focus and opportunity still drives us. We are strong, motivated, and prepared. 2003 was a year of achievement for our company, and we are pleased to report our successes to you.
We continued to focus on achieving our financial performance goals. Our long-term growth goal, which hasn’t changed since we became a publicly traded company in 1997, is 15 percent for gross profits, income from operations, and earnings per share. In recent years of economic downturn, it has been more of a challenge to meet our gross profits goal. In 2003, we grew our gross profits
12.6 percent to $544.8 million. Income from operations grew
17.2 percent to $183.6 million, and our net income increased 18.5 percent to $114.1 million. Our variable-cost business model enables us to be flexible and efficient, and is supported by our people, who are incented to sell, carefully manage expenses, and grow
our profitability. We were pleased with our financial results in 2003.
We continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet, ending
the year with $244 million in cash and investments. We have no long-term debt. In the fourth quarter of 2003, we increased our dividend by 50 percent, raising our quarterly dividend payout ratio from between 20 and 25 percent of earnings, to between 30 and 35 percent of earnings.
Investing in Our People and Our Relationships
Our financial results are really the measure of our employees’ success, and so when we talk about our company highlights, we almost always start by talking about our people. We grew by approximately 300 people last year. We’re a service company, and bringing in new talent is at the core of our business. It’s one of the most rewarding parts of our management team’s job. Our branch managers and our business leaders make the key decisions on when to add people, and whom to bring on. We feel very good about the caliber of the people who have joined Robinson. We’re also excited about the fact that our new people will provide a solid foundation for continued future expansion.
We are also proud of our implementation of a new restricted stock program in 2003. Employee ownership in C.H. Robinson has always been a very important part of our culture. We have used stock options for the last six years as an employee ownership and equity incentive tool. In 2003, we put a lot of effort into designing,
communicating, and implementing our new restricted stock program. We think it is going to be a better incentive to motivate and retain our key employees for the long-term and further align their interests with those of our shareholders.
We focus a lot of management time and attention on the expansion of our branch office network. Our decentralized approach gives our people an opportunity to build a business with strong local customer and carrier relationships, tied to a global network of capabilities through very good technology and communication tools. Our ability to expand our branch offices is primarily dependent on having people who are ready to open a new location. Opening new branches is like planting seeds for the future, as we generally start small and look for growth. We have an established track record of successfully finding new customer relationships and capacity sources when we put our people in new marketplaces, and we’re excited about the continued opportunities to grow our network.
We opened seven offices in North America in 2003: Austin, Texas; Jackson, Tennessee; Jonesboro, Arkansas; Dayton, Ohio; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Kenosha, Wisconsin; and Norfolk, Virginia. In addition, we acquired a new office in Hamburg, Germany.
We also continued to grow our customer and supplier relationships during the year. We grew our active customer relationships by approximately 1,000 in 2003, and we think that the fact we now have approximately 16,000 active customers is evidence that we continue to penetrate the market and expand our reach.
Similarly, we added a tremendous amount of carrier capacity
in 2003. We believe there are a lot of new providers now coming into the marketplace. We are aggressively responding to that trend by finding them, qualifying them to do business with us, and then building relationships with those who provide us quality service. We now have about 25,000 qualified carriers in our carrier contract network in North America. This is up from approximately 20,000 in 2002. We are doing limited amounts of business
with many of these new providers, but we believe the addition
of so many new carriers to our contract network is a real indicator that the cycle of supply and demand is alive and well, and that we’re well positioned to continue to meet our customers’ needs. We are also actively preparing for the new U.S. Hours of Service
 
2003 Annual Report
 regulations, working with our carriers to determine how the new rules will impact them.
Our primary method in the marketplace is to earn business on
a load-by-load basis, while continuously building our customer relationships by helping them explore smarter or more efficient ways to do things. We are identifying more and more opportunities where, by employing our technology, our people, and our broader solutions, we can play more dedicated roles and provide integrated services.
Focusing On Our Future
As we build on our successes, we continue to be confident in
our long-term growth strategy, which has remained consistent for several years. To meet our future growth goals, we will continue
to grow our share of the North American transportation market, develop new third party logistics services, develop branch networks on other continents, and strengthen our global forwarding network.
Despite our size, we’re still a very small portion of the North American transportation market, and we have a lot of room to grow. There are a variety of market size estimates, but by most measures, we believe our core truckload business is approximately two to three percent of the North American truck market. To capture more market share, we will continue adding new services, expanding our locations, and investing in our people and business processes to support more integrated relationships with our customers. We are targeting to open seven to ten new North American offices in 2004 and will be hiring more people as we grow, to support the business.
Replicating our North American transportation network on other continents, particularly Europe, continues to be an important strategic direction for us. Our European transportation business
is now approximately three percent of our gross profits. We are building it from the bottom up, and we now have 12 offices in Europe that provide intra-European transportation services, and three offices that provide air and ocean services. Our business methodology and our technology are in place and we’re optimistic about the growth potential.
Global forwarding, including air, ocean, and customs brokerage, is an area of huge opportunity for us. It is about six percent of
our gross profits today. With the growth of world trade, the volumes of freight that move internationally continue to increase. Shippers are increasingly looking for transportation providers that can manage the entire shipment, rather than just the international or domestic portions. We believe our business model, our surface-based transportation capabilities, and our service approach are competitive advantages with the changes coming in this part
of the transportation business. We currently have 18 Robinson offices around the world that provide global forwarding, and we work with agents in locations where we don’t have an owned office. One of our near-term goals is to increase our network of owned offices, particularly in Asia and Europe.
We believe we can continue to meet our growth goals internally, but we will make acquisitions to augment our growth. We are always looking for high-quality acquisitions and we are extremely selective, only seeking organizations with the right people, the right culture, and that meet our financial performance requirements.
Succeeding With Our Core Values
We selected “focus” as the theme of this year’s report because we feel it embodies both the intensity of our culture and the consistency of our results. We’re proud of our 99-year track record of success, and we know it comes from Robinson’s unwavering commitment
to the source of all of our achievements: our employees. We are nearing the completion of a century of business, a century in which there have been huge changes in our world, our industry, and our marketplace. Yet throughout that period, the core elements of our business philosophy have remained constant: operate with integrity, stay flexible, manage and prepare for growth, always seek to add value, play for the long-term, and put responsibility in the hands of those who count most—our people. It is these core values that will carry us forward.
We’re focused on our opportunities and excited about the future. Sincerely,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer
  2
3
  C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
