 To our fellow shareholders,
Despite an increasingly challenging economic environment, we consider 2008 another successful year for C.H. Robinson, our employees, and our shareholders. While we did not reach our long-term goal of 15 percent growth, we are proud that our dedicated people achieved double-digit growth in our gross profits, operating income, and earnings per share during an economic recession.
       
Letter to Our Shareholders
(continued from previous page)
While the current environment is uniquely difficult, we remain confident in our long-term growth goals and opportunities because of the strength of our
business model, our market potential, our people, and
our performance- driven culture.
We grew our customer relationships to 32,000 and expanded our contract carrier base to more than 50,000 transportation providers worldwide. We also expanded our network through the addition of ten new offices, including new geographies such as Dubai and Lima. We continue to be in a strong financial position, with a solid balance sheet, significant free cash flow, and no debt. We also continued to return capital to our shareholders, paying over $150 million in dividends and repurchasing approximately $200 million in shares throughout the year.
While we have much to be pleased about in our results for 2008 and the impressive efforts of our people, the continued decline of economic conditions warrant caution as there will certainly be a lot of challenges ahead. The freight transportation market deteriorated as the year progressed, and published freight indexes indicate that 2009 is beginning with double-digit volume declines compared to 2008. It appears that 2009 will be very challenging for growth. We are working hard to adapt to the rapid declines in the marketplace, and we are actively adjusting our expenses in light of the environment and our changes in volumes. While the current environment is uniquely difficult, we remain confident in our long-term growth goals and opportunities because of the strength of our business model, our market potential, our people, and our performance- driven culture.
Keys to our success: Service, stability, and the strength of our people
In addition to our solid results in a year of exceptional adversity, I would like to highlight a few areas that were important to our results in 2008 and also to the foundation of our longer-term success. The first is that we believe our growth strategy of diversifying and integrating services is working. Our 2008 results show that diversification of our service offerings continues to be the right thing to do to better serve our customers and provide balanced, long-term growth opportunities.
There are several examples of the positive impact of our service diversification. We have had continued success in growing our less-than-truckload and intermodal businesses. We work hard to cross-sell and broaden the relationships we have with our customers and contract carriers, and we know that many times, truckload, less-than-truckload, and intermodal offerings are interrelated in terms of what a customer may be looking for or when one modal service might be more appropriate than another.
Another example is our efforts to expand our international freight forwarding network, both organically by opening new offices and through acquisitions. During 2008, we had good growth in both our ocean and international air gross profits and were able to grow many new and existing customer relationships through our expanded capabilities. We also acquired Transera International Holdings, a project forwarding company, which brings yet another capability to our menu of services, a team of talented people with a competitive expertise, and a new way to serve our existing customers and reach new ones.
Service diversification and cross-selling have also helped our growth in our Sourcing business, where we have expanded our menu of value-added services, and in our transportation management and fee-based businesses.
As customers continue to look at transportation and supply chain management on a broader basis, we need to continue to evolve our services, and we feel good about the success we’ve had thus far. You’ll continue to see us emphasize an expanded service offering and investment in more modes and capabilities as we go forward.
The second important observation about 2008 is that we continue to believe our overall business model and financial position remain strong, and that strength is becoming more and more of a competitive and strategic advantage. We are highlighting the longevity, track record, and financial durability of C.H. Robinson in all of our relationships today, and we feel that it’s a very important asset in the marketplace.
The decline in fuel prices during the latter half of 2008 and falling volumes during the fourth quarter had the positive impact of shrinking some of our working capital requirements needed for growth at the end of the year. While we would rather have greater growth, our balance sheet at year end is as strong as ever, and our financial strength is an asset for us in uncertain times.

As we all live through the recession and financial crisis, C.H. Robinson’s financial health and stability enable us to continue focusing on people, process, technology, and relationships.
The third area I would like to highlight is that our capable team of people continues to be the most important driver of our success. Our talent pool is as strong as ever. Our employees’ work ethic, expertise, creativity, and drive to be successful are at the core of our success. That’s a simple statement, but one that we really try to stay focused on, especially when times get challenging like they are now.
Adapting to economic uncertainty
We pride ourselves on our ability to build relationships and increase our market share by providing better service, better cost, and better solutions. As our customers are adjusting to economic conditions, we believe there are ways we can help them adapt. We remain very active in the market and are aggressively selling, bringing high service, financial stability, and variable-cost solutions to both shippers’ and carriers’ changing freight needs. The value of flexibility is as high as it has ever been.
As we continue to pursue market share, we are also carefully managing our risks. We continue to closely monitor our receivables and our credit risk to preserve our sound balance sheet.
It is also important that we continue to ensure that our variable cost model is as flexible as possible. People are our main asset, and managing our culture, staffing levels, and financial incentives are some of the primary challenges at C.H. Robinson. Our total number of employees at the end of 2008 was 7,961, down slightly from the end of the third quarter of 2008, but about an eight percent increase of total employees from the beginning of 2008. We pride ourselves on adapting to the market conditions and having variable compensation plans that enable us to share proportionately in the company’s success. We think those plans worked well during 2008, and you see that in our results.
While we will certainly be managing and executing the same way during 2009, a prolonged environment of weak demand is the most challenging for us to manage through. Our model thrives on growth, new talent, and new relationships. Margin expansion and contraction of our variable compensation plans are helpful in shorter- term cycles, but they get more challenging as comparisons lap. And while we try to keep as much of our expenses as variable as possible, there are fixed components which cannot adjust as quickly or as completely as the marketplace has deteriorated. We will continue to work hard to aggressively manage our expenses and keep our model as variable as possible.
Well-positioned for the challenges ahead
We think we’re as prepared as possible to manage through this recession. We feel very good about our longer-term outlook and our positioning for growth when freight demand returns and the economy strengthens. We feel great about the strength and depth of our team and the continued effectiveness of our business model, and we remain committed to our long-term growth goals. Our strategy of expanding services and building a global network is working. Our balance sheet and financial foundation are very sound. Our core asset remains our team of service-oriented, performance driven people. With their hard work and leadership, we are confident we will continue to find successes and emerge stronger and more competitive as we navigate through this very challenging period.
Thank you for your continued support,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
  