                                        To our fellow shareholders,
As we embark on C.H. Robinson’s centennial year, we celebrate both our entrepreneurial roots and our exciting future. Robinson’s people have always been the most important ingredient of our success and they proved it again in 2004.We had a terrific year and are proud to report their accomplishments.
2004 was symbolized by growth and we were very happy with our results. Our growth accelerated as 2004 wore on and we finished the year strong, with gross profit growth of 21.3 percent for the year to $661.0 million.We also grew our income from operations 26.5 percent to $222.8 million and our diluted net income per share 27.2 percent to $1.59 per share.We were pleased that in all three of these financial measures we were able to exceed our growth goal of 15 percent, which has been our long-term growth target since we became a publicly traded company in 1997. Our balance sheet remains solid, with $288.1 million in cash and investments at the end of the year and no long-term debt.We continue to return to our share- holders a significant dividend, between 30-35 percent of earnings.
2004: VOLATILITY AND OPPORTUNITY
The most significant component of our business continues to be North American truck transportation. Accelerating freight demand, combined with rising costs and capacity shortages, made our jobs more challenging but also brought us a lot
of opportunity.We feel very positive about our exceptional growth of just under 25 percent in North American truck. The year was characterized by volatile market conditions
and an industry shift from contractual, or pre-committed, preplanned freight and pricing, to more transactional or spot market freight that is tendered and accepted on a day to day basis.While these terms really represent a broad continuum
of the types of customer relationships and freight commitments
we have, we use these general categories to help explain the dynamics in the marketplace and how we manage our business.
A long-term trend for us has been growth in the portion of our business that is characterized by more committed, integrated relationships.This year, however, because of market conditions, a larger component of the freight we managed was transactional. Many of our customers had excess freight opportunities, including more last-minute, unplanned freight.This was driven by the imbalance between rising freight demand and capacity supply.
In general, when there is stress in the system and a lot of challenges, our business model and ability to execute under difficult and volatile market conditions is an important competitive advantage for us. Our people worked very hard
to help our customers move their freight and cope with escalating transportation costs, applying a lot of extra effort and creativity to get the job done.We are continuing to explore new approaches with our more contractual customers, working with them to balance their service needs with rising costs and available market commitments.
We use these environments to excel for our customers and build a foundation for future growth and stronger customer relationships.We’re aggressively communicating with our customers to find out where they’ve had the most severe service failures, where they’ve had the most extreme cost increases, the types of dedicated programs we can put in place for them, how we can bring them more capacity at a reasonable price, and whether we can explore other modes and services.We believe our business model positions us to better solve logistics challenges and to provide greater value, especially in periods of rapid change.
 1989
CHRW launches The Fresh1® quality brand program, with control from packaging to distribution, and opens its first office in Mexico (Monterrey).
1990
Robinson begins providing air cargo services.
   1988
Robinson enters the intermodal business.
1989
C. H. Robinson International, Inc. is formed, expanding Robinson’s services as a freight forwarder, NVOCC, and customs broker.
  1990s
1980s
8
        
                                        INTEGRATED GLOBAL SERVICES
We continue to grow and develop our other modes and services as a key part of our future growth strategy and our ability to provide integrated, multimodal logistics services to our customers. Our intermodal business faced a challenging environment this year. Significant service issues in the rail industry, combined with rail rate increases, drove different decisions, making intermodal service in some ways less competitive with truck transportation. Our intermodal freight tends to be more multimodal-friendly and therefore can go by truck or rail. Some of the freight that we had historically been moving via intermodal gravitated back toward truckload in 2004. Despite that, we finished the year with single digit growth in our intermodal gross profits and feel good about continuing to build our internal competency and our contractual relationships.We expect to continue growing that business as part of our multimodal, integrated service model.
In our international freight forwarding business, when you combine our air, ocean, and customs brokerage services, we had double-digit growth this year.We also made some very positive steps building out our forwarding network internationally and in the U.S. A key accomplishment for us this year was our formal entry into mainland China, with seven new offices in the main port cities.We are very focused on helping those offices grow and become more integrated with the rest of Robinson. Combined with our previously established office
in Hong Kong, we’re very excited about our presence in Asia and our potential to continue to grow our network and business in the region.
Our European business today is approximately three percent of our total gross profits. Our current focus in Europe is to grow within our existing network, improve the overall profitability, and let our people mature.We’ve been in Europe for a little over a decade in both truck and international forwarding, and are very excited about its long-term prospects and its importance in our long-term global growth strategy.
Our Sourcing business, which is the buying and selling of fresh produce, continued its transition, showing solid growth with our larger, more integrated retail customers, offset by longer term declines in our traditional customer base of produce wholesalers. Our future growth in this business will be with more integrated relationships, where we provide both sourcing and transportation services and have more involvement with broader supply chain activities around marketing, distribution, and technology such as RFID.
In the first quarter of 2005, we acquired the assets of three produce marketing companies, FoodSource, FoodSource Procurement, and Epic Roots, that together with our existing capabilities and relationships, will be tremendous assets in growing this part of our business.
Information Services, which is comprised solely of our subsidiary,T-Chek Systems, provides fuel card and information management services to the motor carrier industry. It had a solid year with double-digit growth.
For the past several years, we have been further integrating T-Chek and our corporate Carrier Services group to try
to strengthen and expand our carrier relationships.We continue to see a lot of new capacity coming into the marketplace, primarily in the small and mid-size carriers, and we have been aggressively building relationships with them to utilize that capacity where appropriate.We are enhancing our carrier relationships by incorporating more business reviews and planning, meeting with them face to face far more frequently than we have in the past to discuss things like their growth plans, their preferred lanes, where we believe they could likely get good returns on adding incremental capacity, and the types of freight where we see demand outstripping supply.We are also automating more of our carrier relationships by electronically connecting with carriers to make it easier for them to provide us available capacity, to increase efficiencies, and be as desirable a customer as possible.
  1992
Robinson attains $1 billion in sales.
1996
CHRW launches its first, proprietary PC-based truck- load operating system, COSMOS.
1998
CHRW acquires Preferred Translocation Systems, a non-asset based third party LTL company, and Comexter Group, a South American transportation and freight forwarding firm.
                               1993
Robinson establishes an initial presence in Europe through partial ownership of Transeco, a motor carrier in France.
1997
C. H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) becomes a publicly
traded company.
1998
CHRW launches a customer Web site, allowing customers the ability to monitor their shipments via track and trace technology.
C.H.RobinsonWorldwide,Inc. 9
       
                                        GROWING OUR PEOPLE AND OUR NETWORK
We are a service company.The key to our continued future success will be our ability to hire good people, motivate them, reward them appropriately, give them a career path, and equip them with strong productivity tools.We’ve had a tremendous amount of focus on that in 2004 and we will continue that emphasis in the future.We grew by approximately 700 new employees last year, while also improving our gross profit per employee.We will continue to invest in our future growth and closely manage personnel expenses as we grow, both by keeping our compensation system as variable as possible and hiring people when business levels and productivity measures warrant it.
We opened 18 offices during the year, including seven in China and two acquired offices in the U.S. Building out our network by opening new offices and acquiring businesses that we can plug into our network continues to be a key part of our long-term growth strategy.We plan to open seven to eight offices in 2005.When we open new branch offices, we generally do it with two or three people.To us, our new offices are like planting seeds for long-term future growth; unlike a retail environment, we do not have to make a huge capital investment or put a lot of people into a new office.
We have also continued to invest in our systems infrastructure. These investments have been in increased operating expenses including consultants and increasing our IT personnel, as well as in capital expenditures, such as the new data center as part of our new building in Chicago.We believe these investments will help improve our competitive position in the future.
COMMITTED TO OUR LONG-TERM GROWTH GOALS
Our entrepreneurial culture, systems, flexible business model, and strong relationships with customers, carriers, and suppliers were essential to our success in the kind of environment we experienced in 2004.The volatility and highly transactional nature of the current transportation environment also make it
difficult to anticipate how conditions in the marketplace will evolve.We have a policy of not giving guidance because it is very difficult to do in our business.We determine our outlook by looking historically at what has happened in Robinson under different conditions and trying to position ourselves so that we are flexible and ready to react to whatever scenarios evolve in the marketplace.
When we became a publicly-traded company seven-and-a-half years ago, we set an annual growth goal of 15 percent based on our performance in the previous twenty years.We have not moved off that long-term growth target.Although we do have a fair amount of momentum going into 2005 with transactional freight in a very busy environment, our comparisons will become much more difficult as the year wears on, and market conditions could change rapidly.
While we expect most of our growth to be achieved internally, we will continue to aggressively pursue appropriate acquisition opportunities.We have very high strategic and financial standards when evaluating these opportunities. Freight-forwarding acquisitions of smaller businesses in other parts of the world are a focus, primarily because of the difficulty of entering countries or regions where we have not historically done business. In these cases, acquisitions can be a much easier method to get started.We will also continue to look for high-quality companies in the U.S. that we can add to our existing branch network to help us gain further market penetration in North America.
HONORING OUR HERITAGE OF SUCCESS
It’s an exciting year at Robinson as we celebrate our 100th birthday. It’s hard to imagine that the global, $4.3 billion logistics company of today traces back to humble beginnings as a produce broker in Grand Forks, North Dakota.Yet despite all the growth and change that we’ve experienced since 1905, there are common roots that have been the foundation of our
1998
CHRW branch network grows to 100 branches.
1999
CHRW acquires Norminter S.A., a non-asset-based third party based in Caen, France, with offices in France, Germany, Spain, and the U.K., and American Backhaulers, a non-asset based third party provider that supplies primarily over-the-road transportation services throughout the United States.
2000
CHRW launches its new carrier Web site, CHRWtrucks.com, and acquires Trans-Consolidated Inc. (TCI), a third party, temperature controlled LTL (less-than-truckload) provider.
                                   2000s
1990s
10
       
                                                                                success and that will drive us into our next century. Robinson has always been a service company and has always been about its people. It has maintained its decentralized philosophy of staying close to the customer and the community, and of empowering employees—even early in their careers—with the authority to take risks and make the decisions they think are best. Staying flexible and nimble have been instrumental to
our ability to identify opportunities in a constantly changing marketplace and quickly capitalize on them. Robinson has always been focused on growth and profitability, and its performance- based culture has reflected that. Employee ownership remains an important focus, with incentive tools to continue to align our employees with our other shareholders.And knowing
that a service company is only as good as its reputation and its word, integrity has always been a hallmark of our values.
We are extremely proud of our track record and the traits that have brought us to where we are today.We are as confident as ever in our business model, our strategy, and our ability
to achieve our goals. On behalf of all of the employees of
C. H. Robinson, I thank you for your support. We look forward to another great year as we kick off our second century of success.
Sincerely,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (1) Compounded annual growth rate (CAGR)
(2) Results from 2003 and prior years have been restated for retroactive adoption of the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS 123,Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation.
  2002
CHRW branch network grows to 150 branches.
2004
CHRW acquires China-based Dalian Decheng Shipping Agency Co. (DDSA), establishing 7 new offices
in mainland China.
          2001
CHRW enhances its customer site, and names it CHRWonline.com.
2003
CHRW opens an office in Hong Kong and acquires Frank M.Viet GmbH Internationale Spedition, an international freight forwarding and third party logistics company based in Hamburg, Germany.
C.H.RobinsonWorldwide,Inc. 11
     