                                        To Our Fellow Shareholders,
   C.H. Robinson is a service company. Because we don’t own trucks or other transportation equipment, our focus is on our customers’ needs rather than on asset utilization. That means we can be flexible and make the right decisions based on what’s best for our customers’ supply chains. We pride ourselves on the quality of our service, honoring our commitments and working hard to consistently exceed expectations. We understand that to continue to be successful, we have to earn our customers’ support by getting it done right each and every day.
True to our 98-year heritage of success, once again Robinson’s employees got the job done for our customers, vendors, and shareholders. Despite a continued tough economic environment, our people led Robinson to another strong year through their aggressive sales efforts and service intensity. We met the challenges head-on, and are proud of what we’ve accomplished.
The theme of this year’s report, “getting it done,” embodies what we feel makes Robinson successful: a culture of achievement and results, action and enthusiasm. We pride ourselves on our ability to consistently help our customers and solve their most difficult problems. Our people work hard every day to exceed expectations. What we promise, we deliver.
So, what did we get done in 2002?
Our financial results were solid. Our gross profits increased 6.0 percent to $483.8 million. Income from operations grew 16.6 percent to $156.6 million, and our net income increased 14.7 percent to $96.3 million. Our balance sheet continues to be strong and simple. We ended the year with $178.2 million in cash and investments and we have no long-term debt. Our high quality earnings, cash flow, and cash position give us the financial strength and flexibility to meet all of our commitments and fuel our future growth.
We achieved these results by continuing to add market share, while also carefully managing our expenses. Our long-term growth goal, which hasn’t changed since we became a publicly traded company in 1997, is 15 percent for both gross profit and operating income. We were pleased that in the fourth quarter of 2002 we achieved double-digit gross profit growth. Our goal is to return to annual double-digit gross profit growth in 2003.
Our financial results only tell part of the story. What has driven Robinson since its founding in 1905, and what will continue to drive it in the future, hasn’t changed. We’re a service company that deploys people and systems to build customer and vendor relationships in the marketplace, where we can add value. When we manage the company and talk about what is driving it, this is the framework that we look within.
EXPANDING OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR CUSTOMERS
Our customer relationships, now more than 15,000 strong, are continuing to grow and change. While each customer relationship is unique, the common denominator is our ability to provide a high level of service to whatever needs exist.
Robinson has long been known for its strength in the spot market or transac- tional business, through our long history in truckload brokerage services. It is
a very complex market. Transportation supply and demand can be extremely volatile within a year, within a season, within a month; transportation rates can change dramatically from morning to afternoon at certain times of the year in some parts of the country. We put our relationships, experience, and information together to understand the marketplace, rationalize a very fragmented carrier base, and manage the movement of freight for our customers better than our competitors. We believe pricing volatility will continue to increase in the future and we are committed to continuing our success in this market.
Many large shippers today understand that we can aggregate truckload capacity for them, giving them seamless access to not only the large carriers, but also to the thousands of midsized and small truck lines in North America who make up the majority of the nation’s overall capacity. We
have in place a network and quality controls to manage that capacity, and
to make it available to customers in the format of pricing and service that meets their needs.
  ”What makes T-Chek? Our customer service mentality. It's easy to work for a company where you know the services and products you are offering your customers directly impact their bottom line.” –Rita Ruprecht T-CHEK SYSTEMS
1

                                          Getting it done
efficiently.
  CHRW EMPLOYEES, OPPOSITE PAGE CLOCKWISE FROM TOP: MOHAMED ZIADI, TOM GALLAGHER, KRIS PICH, JOSE MALAVE, GERRAN FERREY, YVETTE SUAREZ, MELISSA MILLER, HEIDI HILGER, RODOLPHO MAYORQUIN
”Our vast array of relationships, and the awesome flexibility they represent, is something I can deliver to my customers that very few of our competitors can.” –Yvette Suarez INTERNATIONAL TRANSPORTATION

                                         “Our technology helps our people
to excel in their jobs and find better solutions for their customers. It makes us insightful in our decisions and efficient at what we do.” –Mohamed Ziadi
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
C.H. Robinson manages relationships with nearly 25,000 transportation providers worldwide so our customers can reap the benefits of a broad and diverse carrier base, without the challenges of building their own. Our employees are armed with proprietary operating systems that enable us to look across multiple carriers, multiple customers and multiple loads of freight to find efficiencies and optimize transportation for both our customers and our carriers. Our technology helps our employees work more efficiently and concentrate on their number-one priority: getting the job done for the customer.
In the past few years, an important development for Robinson has been our growth with customers who want more integrated, value-added contract logistics programs. Our exposure to a wider variety of opportunities is being driven by a number of factors, including more aggressive management of inventories and distribution, growing acceptance of outsourcing, and globalization of supply chains. Some of these forces have accelerated recently with the economic downturn. Most of our customers have a greater focus on cost control today than in previous years, and are choosing to spend less money on information technology. The result for us is greater opportunities for increased scope of services, including information management, route guide management, load building, mode selection, and other third-party logistics services that we believe we’re in a strong position to deliver.
EXPANDING OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR CARRIERS
Our carrier relationships today encompass both transactional and longer-term relationships to meet our customer commitments. We use all sizes and types of carriers to move our customers’ freight, and we are continuously adding new carriers to our network. While our non-asset based approach provides us with optimum flexibility, it also requires healthy carrier relationships to be effective. Our unique presence in the marketplace enables us to identify and understand the different needs of each of the carriers in our network, and align our customer needs accordingly.
There have been many pressures on the carrier community the past few years, including rapidly escalating fuel and insurance costs, overall declines in the economy and corresponding freight levels, reduced equipment values, and new regulations. These pressures have resulted in financial difficulties for a number of carriers, leading some to exit the market. While this creates some extra challenges, our economy remains extremely efficient and we are very confident that the marketplace will produce sources of capacity to meet future demands.
The overall competitiveness of intermodal transportation has also been changing. Our intermodal numbers have been very good for the last couple of years, and we are expecting continued strong growth in that area. As a company we are reaching a different level of scale and competency, and believe we’ve got a strong product in the marketplace. But what is also driving intermodal growth is the improvement in service quality from the railroads and its price competitiveness with truck services. And since we are focused on our customers and their overall needs, it is an important competitive asset for us.
MAKING CONTINUED PROGRESS IN
OUR LONG-TERM GROWTH STRATEGY
While we continuously enhance and clarify our goals, Robinson’s long-term growth strategy hasn’t changed: to continue growing our share of the North American transportation market, to develop new third-party logistics services, to replicate our North American branch network on other continents, and to strengthen our global forwarding network. We will reach these goals primarily through internal growth by developing people, technology, and relationships, but we may also make selective acquisitions to help us meet our goals, if those acquisitions fit our culture and economic parameters.
Estimates on market size vary, but in North America we believe our business of managing truckload, less-than-truckload (LTL), and intermodal transportation is approximately two percent of the market. Further penetration of that North American market is a huge opportunity for us, and we believe we still have plenty of room to grow.
We’re constantly looking to develop new third party, non-asset based services. In the last few years, most of the services we have added have been in the LTL arena, including load management, order consolidation, and refrigerated order consoli- dation. By adding those services, we believe we have changed the scope and dimension of the types of freight we can be competitive on in the marketplace.
  3

                                         Getting it done
no matter what.
  CHRW EMPLOYEES, OPPOSITE PAGE CLOCKWISE FROM TOP: ROSANN CABRERA, JUSTIN HOFFER, ED GORDON, CHAD PALMSTEEN, CHAD GOMEZ, STEVE RAETZ, JENNY KNAPP, STEVE LEERVIG, SHANE JERNIGAN, TODD WOODWARD
“Our performance compensation means we all have our eyes on the same financial goals, and we’re motivated to work together to achieve them. We team together, support each other, teach each other, rise and fall together. This is the heart of our culture.” –Steve Raetz TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS

                                         “Robinson believes in fairness and
in relationships. We work really hard to earn the respect and support of our customers, carriers, and suppliers. This mutual respect makes our jobs rewarding and enjoyable.”
–Rosann Cabrera
PRODUCE SOURCING
Finding a truck to go from Chicago to New York on a Friday afternoon in September is no easy feat, but we thrive on the challenge. In fact, we believe our ability to get it done when it’s hard is, in the end, what sets us apart. Many of our customer relationships started with “Give us your toughest transportation problem, and let us prove what we can do for you.” And we did.
We’re doers. Our unique culture is supported by incentive compensation that rewards performance. Our people are enthusiastic, intense, and results- oriented. They are the number-one reason for our success. Their dedication, combined with our unparalleled network of customer and carrier relationships and our leading technology, means the toughest freight challenges are where we shine.
We have been working hard toward replicating our North American continental branch network in Europe, as well as in South America. We have 15 offices in Europe and it is now approximately 2.5 percent of our gross profits. European unification, a very fragmented carrier base, and growing acceptance of the third-party model are all reasons we’re excited about our growth prospects in this market. We are building a solid management team, our technology is in place, and we’re applying what we’ve learned in North America to help build this business.
Our global forwarding business—international air, ocean, and customs brokerage services—is about five percent of our gross profits today. There is a lot of change going on in that part of the industry too, with new security requirements, increasing global trade, and the huge movement of manufacturing and produc- tion activity to Asia. We have a global forwarding network of owned offices and agents in place today, and are working toward growing our owned network. We opened an office in Hong Kong in May of 2002 and have plans to open more offices in China and other parts of Asia in the coming years. We’re build- ing on our vision of forwarding, with an emphasis on flexibility and technology. There are a large number of competitors in the forwarding industry, and it is a much more mature market. But the world is changing and we believe there are many opportunities for us to get involved in new and different areas, and to tie it into domestic services in unique ways that make us a strong contender.
Our strategy gives us a lot of opportunities and a lot of things to focus on, but we believe that it is manageable and that we can do it successfully and profitably. We’ve diversified our services and are building an integrated model with one culture and one information system. There are many things we can do in the marketplace today for our customers. We’re committed to the challenge of continuing to grow our model and expand what we do for our customers, while remaining true to our flexible, non-asset based philosophy and our financial performance expectations.
GETTING IT DONE FOR OUR PEOPLE
Robinson has a wonderful track record of success. We’ve been around a long time, and we’re excited about carrying on our strong tradition of performance. Our reputation, our credibility in the marketplace, and most importantly, our culture of achievement are as strong today as they’ve ever been in our 98-year history.
There is a sense of focus and opportunity that exists in Robinson that, I believe, is rare and unique. As our executive team visits our branch network throughout the world, we are continually impressed by the caliber of Robinson’s people
and their dedication to their work. Decentralized, empowered teams of people, linked with common information and a service-oriented culture, is a competitive advantage for us that we have to preserve and grow.
When we look to the future, we’re confident we’ve got the right business model, the right people, and the financial strength to reach our goals. We appreciate your support of our efforts, and we look forward to getting the job done for our shareholders again in 2003.
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer
   5
