                                        pgpypg h
oo
m o o
 Jackson Madison El Paso Miami Phoenix T-Chek Systems Little Rock Knoxville New Orleans Des Moines Sioux Falls Indianapolis Chicago South Baltimore Huntsville Jacksonville arlotte Valencia Mexico City Charleston Milwaukee Columbus North Atlanta Mobile Springfield Albuquerque London UK Orlando St. Paul Greenville Milan Columbia Falls Valley
rmingham Barcelona Birmingham Caen Lyon Madrid Metz Pau Rochester NY Reno Flint Chicago Central Guadalajara San Sabastián Fargo Minneapolis North Los Angeles North A ng Budapest Las Vegas Austin Hamburg Budapest International Tennessee West Antwerp International Jonesboro Milan International Harrisburg Bremen Dayton Düsseldorf Ken ternational Minneapolis National Accounts Detroit International Houston International Knoxville International Miami International Northeast Produce Secaucus International Los Angele
LETTER
all Parcel Quebec City Toronto North Portland ME Edmonton Boise Los Angeles Pasadena Kalamazoo Atlanta South Wilmington St. Cloud Stevens Point Huntington Lexington Orlan
imbatore Hyderabad Calcutta Mumbai New Delhi McAllen Youngstown Minneapolis Chicago North Denver Detroit Omaha Spokane Oklahoma City Montreal Toronto Peoria St.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
uston Buffalo Louisville Tampa Richmond San Antonio Columbia Portland OR Jackson Madison El Paso Miami Phoenix T-Chek Systems Little Rock Knoxville New Orleans Des
 TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Recently, a potential investor visiting our corporate headquarters joked that reading our nine annual reports in the decade since we became a publicly-traded company was like watching the movie Groundhog Day — that our messages, metrics, and goals never change. We take that as a great compliment. We’re proud of the consistency of our business focus and our results over our 101-year history. Our success has always been about our people, and we strongly believe that the consistency of their performance is driven by the core principles of our business model, which are the focus of this year’s report: ethics, empowerment, and execution. These three principles have guided our business decisions, our management, and the people we hire and reward.
Execution
2006 was another great year for C. H. Robinson. Our people did a tremendous job executing, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank them again for our success. We again exceeded our long-term growth target of 15 percent annual growth for our gross profits, income from operations, and earnings per share. We expanded our
global office network to 214 branches, including acquiring seven new branch offices
in India and a third-party logistics company in the U.S. that specializes in flatbed
truck transportation. We increased our total employees to almost 6,800 worldwide.
We handled over 5 million shipments for 25,000 customers and grew our carrier relationships to 45,000 globally. Our balance sheet and financial position continue
to be a competitive strength. And through our success, we were able to return more wealth to our shareholders with increasing dividends and share repurchases.
Our gross profits grew slightly over 23 percent in 2006, and all of our business lines made important contributions to our success. Our North American transportation services, which include truckload, less-than-truckload (LTL), and intermodal, are about 75 percent of our overall gross profits. Approximately 85 percent of our North American transportation gross profits are truckload services. There has been a lot of discussion in recent years about unprecedented industry price increases and growth
 4
C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC.
   
                                        gyypp
 Nashville Laredo Plano Secaucus Syracuse Tucson Grand Rapids Sacramento Monterrey Calgary Minneapolis International San Diego Hartford Los Angeles West CPDS FoodSour
Forge Shreveport Lubbock Fort Worth Fort Wayne Yakima Raleigh Sao Paulo Warsaw Iowa City Toledo London ON Wichita Integrated Solutions Evansville Roanoke Buenos Air kron Ann Arbor Hamburg International Houston North Santiago Manchester Transportation Management Center Rockford Green Bay Vancouver Savannah Queretaro Fayetteville Ho sha Frankfurt Norfolk Stuttgart Chattanooga Toledo West Munich Atlanta International Tuttlingen Canada Produce Liberec Central Produce Dublin Charleston International Chica s International Montreal International Southeast Produce Antwerp Transportation West Produce Tallahassee Traverse City Tianjin Dalian Qingdao Shanghai Ningbo Xiamen Shenzh
do North Sartell Minneapolis South Prague Bloomington-Normal Indianapolis West Quad Cities Rochester MN San Antonio North Guangxhou Dallas International Ahmedabad Bangalo Louis Cleveland Boston New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Cincinnati Dallas Los Angeles Salt Lake City Atlanta San Francisco Kansas City Seattle Fresno Memphis Winston Sale Moines Sioux Falls Indianapolis Chicago South Baltimore Huntsville Jacksonville Nashville Laredo Plano Secaucus Syracuse Tucson Grand Rapids Sacramento Monterrey Calga
  Gross Profits (in millions)
18.8% 5-Year CAGR(1)
$1,082.5
$879.8
  $661.0
$544.8
$483.8
     2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
Net Income (in millions)
27.1% 5-Year CAGR
$266.9
$203.4
      2006
$137.3
2005 2004
$107.4
$89.8
2003 2002
(1) Compounded annual growth rate (CAGR)
in the demand for North American truckload services. Those changes helped drive our exceptional growth in the past few years. While our results for this year were strong, in the overall marketplace during the second half of 2006 and especially during the fourth quarter, the growth in the demand for those North American truckload services slowed significantly. As the year progressed, our gross profit growth slowed. Our ability to continue generating volume increases was due to our people doing a good job increasing our market share and expanding their customer relationships. Our variable cost business model and our internal disciplines also ensured that we had market-based relationships with both our customers and our carriers, which also enabled us to expand our gross profit margins.
We believe the transportation markets are moving quicker, and prices on both the shipper side and the carrier side are moving and reacting faster than they have in the past, largely due to automation and better information available in the marketplace. Because of the increasing speed and volatility of our marketplace, we believe that our model is becoming more and more relevant, and yet at the same time, it’s becoming more and more challenging to try to predict how the marketplace will behave. We put a lot of energy and focus on staying flexible so we can react quickly to marketplace changes.
In the international freight forwarding arena, we grew our ocean, air, and customs brokerage gross profits by approximately 40 percent in 2006. We continue to grow our customer base and build out our network by expanding into parts of the world and regions where we don’t currently have a presence. In the third quarter of 2005, we acquired two freight forwarding companies in Europe. Those acquisitions contributed to approximately half of our air, ocean, and customs growth in 2006. During the fourth quarter of 2006, we acquired a business in India. While the revenues of that acquisition were not material, it was an important strategic acquisition for us, and we’re very excited about establishing our presence in a part of the world with such tremendous growth opportunities. Through this purchase, we also gained 160 talented new members of the Robinson team that we are pleased to have on board.
In our Sourcing business, which is the buying and selling of fresh fruits and vegetables, we had a very successful year, with over 15 percent gross profit growth. Our Sourcing team also manages the perishable transportation and produce freight within Robinson, which contributed meaningfully to our North American truckload gross profit growth. We continue to integrate and grow with the FoodSource acquisition that we completed a couple of years ago and feel very positive about how our produce division continues to identify new and different ways to add value to perishable supply chains and distribution in the marketplace.
2006 ANNUAL REPORT
 5
c
e An og ee
  
                                        pgpypg h
oo
m o o
 Jackson Madison El Paso Miami Phoenix T-Chek Systems Little Rock Knoxville New Orleans Des Moines Sioux Falls Indianapolis Chicago South Baltimore Huntsville Jacksonville arlotte Valencia Mexico City Charleston Milwaukee Columbus North Atlanta Mobile Springfield Albuquerque London UK Orlando St. Paul Greenville Milan Columbia Falls Valley
rmingham Barcelona Birmingham Caen Lyon Madrid Metz Pau Rochester NY Reno Flint Chicago Central Guadalajara San Sabastián Fargo Minneapolis North Los Angeles North A ng Budapest Las Vegas Austin Hamburg Budapest International Tennessee West Antwerp International Jonesboro Milan International Harrisburg Bremen Dayton Düsseldorf Ken ternational Minneapolis National Accounts Detroit International Houston International Knoxville International Miami International Northeast Produce Secaucus International Los Angele
LETTER
all Parcel Quebec City Toronto North Portland ME Edmonton Boise Los Angeles Pasadena Kalamazoo Atlanta South Wilmington St. Cloud Stevens Point Huntington Lexington Orlan
imbatore Hyderabad Calcutta Mumbai New Delhi McAllen Youngstown Minneapolis Chicago North Denver Detroit Omaha Spokane Oklahoma City Montreal Toronto Peoria St.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
uston Buffalo Louisville Tampa Richmond San Antonio Columbia Portland OR Jackson Madison El Paso Miami Phoenix T-Chek Systems Little Rock Knoxville New Orleans Des
 Empowerment
Our income from operations again grew faster than our gross profits as our people continued to work hard and
manage our business efficiently. Our variable cost model, internal disciplines, and technology all empower our employees to be as productive and flexible as possible. In addition, our business model empowers local managers to make key decisions for their businesses. As an example, hiring decisions are made by the local branch managers, within productivity guidelines, based on their levels of business and their future growth expectations.
Looking forward to the rest of 2007 and beyond, as most of our shareholders know, we do not give specific,
short-term guidance. Since going public in 1997, our goals haven’t changed. We base our long-term growth
target of 15 percent on our track record and our expectations of how quickly we believe we can hire and train the right people. With 101 years of success to draw from, we have a long-term view.
With that perspective in mind, our growth strategy takes a similarly long horizon. While we focus primarily on gross profits as the measure of the value we bring to the marketplace, we’re also very proud of reaching
$6.6 billion in gross revenues in 2006. We are one of the largest third party logistics companies in the world, yet we still represent a fairly small portion of the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on transportation and logistics in North America, and trillions globally. We have targeted four strategic areas for our continued
future growth: continue to gain market share in the North American transportation and logistics market; add new third party logistics services; develop intra-continental freight networks on other continents, similar to our network in North America; and expand our international freight forwarding network. We plan to meet our growth targets through internal growth, but we will acquire high quality companies that can augment our growth strategy. We are always actively looking for companies with strong people and that are a good cultural fit.
Our plans are to open five to seven new branch offices in 2007. Since we open our branch offices with a limited number of people, opening offices is a long-term strategy to keep planting seeds for future growth, expanding our network, and providing career growth opportunities for our high performers.
While our messages, metrics, and goals have stayed relatively constant, some things at Robinson have changed. During the past ten years, we have focused a great deal more on advancing our technology support tools and expanding our network around the globe. These changes have helped us better serve our customers and our suppliers, and we’re excited about continuing our investments and growth in both of these areas.
Diluted Net Income Per Share(2)
26.6% 5-Year CAGR
$1.53
$1.16
     Dividends Per Share(2)
40.3% 5-Year CAGR
$.570
$.355
$.255
$0.79
$0.62
$0.52
 2006
2005 2004 2003 2002
   $.180
$.130
   2006
2005 2004 2003 2002
(2) On October 14, 2005, the company’s shareholders approved a 2-for-1 stock split.
All share and per share amounts have been restated to reflect the retroactive effect of the split.
 6
C. H. ROBINSON WORLDWIDE, INC.
  
                                        gyypp
 Nashville Laredo Plano Secaucus Syracuse Tucson Grand Rapids Sacramento Monterrey Calgary Minneapolis International San Diego Hartford Los Angeles West CPDS FoodSour Forge Shreveport Lubbock Fort Worth Fort Wayne Yakima Raleigh Sao Paulo Warsaw Iowa City Toledo London ON Wichita Integrated Solutions Evansville Roanoke Buenos Air kron Ann Arbor Hamburg International Houston North Santiago Manchester Transportation Management Center Rockford Green Bay Vancouver Savannah Queretaro Fayetteville Ho sha Frankfurt Norfolk Stuttgart Chattanooga Toledo West Munich Atlanta International Tuttlingen Canada Produce Liberec Central Produce Dublin Charleston International Chica s International Montreal International Southeast Produce Antwerp Transportation West Produce Tallahassee Traverse City Tianjin Dalian Qingdao Shanghai Ningbo Xiamen Shenzh do North Sartell Minneapolis South Prague Bloomington-Normal Indianapolis West Quad Cities Rochester MN San Antonio North Guangxhou Dallas International Ahmedabad Bangalo Louis Cleveland Boston New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Cincinnati Dallas Los Angeles Salt Lake City Atlanta San Francisco Kansas City Seattle Fresno Memphis Winston Sale Moines Sioux Falls Indianapolis Chicago South Baltimore Huntsville Jacksonville Nashville Laredo Plano Secaucus Syracuse Tucson Grand Rapids Sacramento Monterrey Calga
   Ethics
The opportunities for our company are tremendous, and we intend to utilize our strong position to capitalize on them. We have added a lot of people and a lot of resources to our network during this growth spurt over the last several years. Our people and the relationships they develop and grow are the lifeblood of Robinson. As a service company, we understand that at the heart of all of our relationships, there must be trust and mutual value. These ethics have been, and will continue to be, our guide for continued success.
Finally, at the end of 2006, after over 40 years of employment and over 30 years of service as a director, Sid Verdoorn retired as chairman from our Board of Directors. Sid led Robinson to a new level of performance in execution, empowerment, and ethical behavior. His significant contributions will continue to provide value and guidance for us well into our future.
Thank you for your support,
John P. Wiehoff
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
  2006 ANNUAL REPORT
 7
c
e An og ee
   