De a r Sh a r e holde r s ,

we

continue deliver
to

Clearly, 2004 was an outstanding year for HealthExtras. Not only did the Company meet its business objectives; it surpassed them. The momentum we carried through 2004 continues to build and positions us for significant growth in 2005 and beyond. Major accomplishments during 2004 included:  Improving the quality of care for our clients' members while effectively managing their prescription drug costs;  Developing new, innovative products and services which increased member and client satisfaction;  Adding a record number of new clients while retaining over 95% of our existing client base;  Expanding our margins through higher generic utilization and formulary compliance;  Positioning our balance sheet with cash and borrowing capacity for additional acquisitions; and  Exceeding our 2004 financial objectives by growing revenues 36% to $521 million and net income 59% to $16 million. Prescription drug costs continue to climb at double digit rates and represent the fastest growing component of healthcare costs. In 2005, projected prescription drug spending will reach $230 billion. As a result, our clients and prospective clients are increasingly seeking innovative approaches to effectively control their drug spending without compromising patient care. Through our formularies designed to promote optimum therapies at the lowest net cost, as well as through our member and physician education programs, HealthExtras' clients have incurred significantly lower pharmacy benefit costs than industry trends. This superior performance is the direct result of higher generic drug utilization, effective use of over-thecounter alternatives, and increased formulary compliance. In recognition of our innovative approach to controlling drug costs for our clients, our organization was awarded the 2004 Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute's Rx Benefit Innovation Award. Throughout 2004, we added new clients at a record pace. By building superior reputations in local markets we grow through strong client endorsements and referrals. HealthExtras opened four additional regional offices in 2004 to support new clients. We expect the reputation we are building in these new markets will serve to accelerate the growth of our organization. Our prospective clients are typically comprised of under 250,000 covered lives. Organizations of this size are particularly interested in our services, as we are able to offer a higher level of customization and transparency than offered by the large national PBMs. We provide prospective clients customized formularies, flexible benefit plan designs, multiple pricing alternatives, and market-specific retail pharmacy networks. These benefits are further enhanced with specific performance guarantees and service commitments.

page two

Pictured from left: Thomas L. Blair, David T. Blair

In addition to new sales, our existing client base continues to expand and we are pleased to report that all key accounts scheduled for renewal at the end of 2004 extended their agreements. For the fourth consecutive year we realized a yearover-year, client retention rate in excess of 95%. This rate reflects our ability to provide consistently high levels of service and effective containment of drug costs. 2004 also marked our fifth year as a publicly-traded company. Since 1999, we have seen much change. Today, HealthExtras is a full service pharmacy benefit management company servicing over three million members. Our clients are located in all 50 states and are comprised of employer groups, insurance companies, managed care organizations, third-party administrators, as well as, state and local governments. Over the past five years revenues have grown from $5 million annually to over $500 million while shareholders' equity has jumped from $47 million to $147 million. As we look forward to 2005 our objectives are straightforward. The needs of our clients will be met by our proven business model: providing clients and members the highest level of service, developing cost-effective formularies and generic and over-the-counter member education programs, providing physicians with benchmarking analysis, and properly creating benefit plan designs which encourage the use of lower cost medications without compromising patient care. The Company will follow its successful strategy of marketing to employers, managed care organizations and third-party administrators. We will continue to accelerate our growth through the acquisition of regional pharmacy benefit management companies and other organizations which offer our clients complementary services. In anticipation of achieving these goals, we project both revenues and net income to increase by at least 35% over 2004 results. Before concluding this year's letter, I would like to acknowledge those who have directly contributed to the Company's success: our employees. Through their commitment to excellence we have been able to maintain our growth rate and exceed our clients' expectations. As always, I appreciate the support of our Board of Directors and investors and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer

page three

