2

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to report that 2005 was another outstanding year for HealthExtras, our clients and our shareholders. Not only did the Company meet its growth and profitability objectives, but more importantly, we improved our long-term competitive outlook. In addition to strong financial results, we exceeded our goals in relation to new client implementations, continued to invest in new product offerings and technology and positioned the Company to deliver exceptional earnings growth in 2006. Our main focus as a full-service pharmacy benefit management company under the brand name Catalyst Rx continues to be the provision of the most effective medication therapies at the lowest net cost. We accomplish this goal through the offering of unprecedented clarity, collaboration, and clinical solutions designed to increase patient safety and quality of care. Highlights from 2005 include: · Reporting of record results in each quarter, ending 2005 with an annual increase in net income of more than 40%; · Consistent, high quality revenue growth--2005 revenues increased 33% to $695 million; · Completion of the acquisition of EBRx, a provider of pharmacy benefit management services with a strategic focus on the third party administrator market segment;

· Processing of more than 17.1 million prescriptions and a demonstration of the scalability of our operations; · Continuation of our commitment to the implementation of pharmacy benefit solutions which place the needs of our clients and their member populations at the forefront. As a full-service pharmacy benefit manager, we operate in an industry that represents a $220 billion market opportunity that is growing 12­18% per year. Within this environment, our clients and prospective clients are increasingly seeking innovative approaches to effectively control their drug costs without compromising patient care. They seek a business partner with whom they can collaborate, and demand an increased understanding of the economics of their pharmacy benefit program through transparent and "pass-through" pricing. Our willingness to offer full disclosure has enabled our clients to ensure that financial incentives are properly aligned and that they are receiving the full benefit of an unbiased pharmacy benefit solution. Although we are a national company, our clients are highly concentrated in approximately a dozen market areas. Understanding that effective pharmacy benefit management is a local phenomenon, we maintain offices in each of these geographies. These Centers of Excellence are staffed by senior level Account Managers and Doctors of Pharmacy who are dedicated to providing locally-based

3

Today, HealthExtras is a full-service pharmacy benefit management company which provides services to large state organizations and locally-based government entities, easily recognized corporations and smaller self-funded employer groups, and a growing list of managed care organizations and third party administrators. Although all of our clients are unique, each one is highly valued and receives the superior level of service that we pride ourselves on providing.

solutions designed to meet the needs of clients and members in their community. Within each year of our history, the size of our largest client has increased and 2005 was no exception. Just as important as the growth of our new business, however, are the best practices we have in place to ensure the continued satisfaction of our existing client base. We continue to maintain a superior retention rate and the satisfaction of our current clients fuels our sales pipeline through referrals and strong client endorsements. Our acquisition of EBRx met our stated goals of complementing our organic growth through selective acquisitions and strategic investments, and extending our services and capabilities deeper into our targeted market segments. EBRx's target market of third party administrators represents a multi-billion dollar market opportunity for pharmacy benefit management services, and the customized programs marketed by EBRx in this segment have captured significant market share. Through the addition of Catalyst Rx's clinical programs and drug trend management initiatives, we plan to enhance EBRx's product offerings and expand our penetration of the third party administrator marketplace. 2005 marked our sixth year as a publicly-traded company and since 1999, we have experienced a significant amount of growth.

Today, HealthExtras is a full-service pharmacy benefit management company which provides services to large state organizations and locally-based government entities, easily recognized corporations and smaller self-funded employer groups, and a growing list of managed care organizations and third party administrators. Although all of our clients are unique, each one is highly valued and receives the superior level of service that we pride ourselves on providing. Before closing, I would like to acknowledge the contributions of our most valuable asset: our employees. Their commitment has enabled us to maintain our growth rate and continue to make a difference for our clients and their member populations. As always, I appreciate the support of our Board of Directors and investors and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer

