To Our Shareholders,

Because we are a leader in transparency and disclosure, our clients can select a program that properly aligns financial incentives for their plan and gives them the full benefit of an unbiased pharmacy benefit solution.
Without question, 2006 was a stellar year for HealthExtras. The Company's growth was driven by strong sales and the successful implementation of new business. During the year, we added a number of new clients, which collectively represent more than $800 million in annualized revenues. Highlights from 2006 include:  Reported record results for the year:


 Received top rankings in all major areas of satisfaction measured in an independent customer satisfaction survey conducted by the Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute (PBMI);  Invested in the infrastructure to support a 100% increase in the Company's operations;  Successfully implemented Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield of Iowa, as well as many other groups including multiemployer Taft-Hartley Funds, managed care clients and public government agencies;  Processed more than 29 million prescriptions, demonstrating the scalability of our operations. In addition to driving record growth, the new clients added during 2006 have greatly expanded our sales opportunities. The successful implementation of Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield and other large clients during the second quarter represents a major milestone for our organization. Successfully

Net income was $31.6 million, an increase of 37% over the previous year; 2006 revenues increased to $1.27 billion, an 83% increase over 2005 revenue of $694.5 million; Operating income increased 37% to $47.7 million; Earnings per share increased 34% to $0.75.



 

 Completed the acquisition of R/x X Pharmacy Solutions, Inc., expanding our geographic reach to the Hawaii market;  Realized more than 98% year-over-year client retention and all key clients with first quarter 2007 renewal dates have been successfully renewed;

2 HealthExtras

excellence

Our approach to managing pharmacy benefits continues to gain momentum. It is an approach driven by local commitment, full disclosure and client collaboration.

implementing more than one million covered lives in a quarter expands our marketing opportunities; indeed, our sales pipeline has never been stronger. We are positioned as a credible player across the competitive industry landscape. We are pursuing business expansion in new geographies where we have not previously had a strong presence. In addition to organic growth, we have made a series of acquisitions since 2000, expanding our markets and product portfolio. Our 2006 acquisition of R/x X Pharmacy Solutions, Inc., a pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) with a focus in the Arizona, Nevada and Hawaii markets, met our stated goals of complementing our organic growth through selective acquisitions and strategic investments, and extending our services and capabilities deeper into our targeted market segments. As with previous acquisitions, we will take a long-term view that focuses on taking advantage of the Company's solid reputation, continuing investment in our systems and expanding our marketing initiatives. Our objective is to grow the revenue base while improving operating efficiency and profitability. Hawaii, with its significant government and union business, represents a major growth opportunity for us. Our approach to managing pharmacy benefits continues to gain momentum. It is an approach driven by local commitment, full disclosure and client collaboration. Although we are a

national company, our clients are concentrated in specific geographic markets. We understand that effective pharmacy benefit management is a local phenomenon, and thus we maintain offices in each of these important geographic areas. Our Centers of Excellence are staffed by senior level Account Managers and Doctors of Pharmacy who are dedicated to providing locally based solutions designed to meet the needs of clients and members in their communities. Our clients and prospective clients are increasingly seeking innovative approaches to effectively control their drug costs without compromising patient care. They seek a benefit manager with whom they can collaborate, and demand an increased understanding of the economics of their pharmacy benefit program through transparent and "pass-through" pricing. Because we are a leader in transparency and disclosure, our clients can select a program that properly aligns financial incentives for their plan and gives them the full benefit of an unbiased pharmacy benefit solution. This, no doubt, has been a powerful factor in our ability to maintain a 98% annual client retention rate. Within each year of our history, the size of our largest client has increased and 2006 was no exception. While we are consistently focused on and responsive to the needs of the middle and small market segments, we have also demonstrated that

clarity
4 HealthExtras

collaboration
we can meet the sophisticated needs of a variety of market sizes and segments. In addition to larger clients, we are also pursuing new types of clients. Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, Taft-Hartley Funds and employer coalitions represent terrific sales opportunities for our organization. Strategic investments in 2006 have also positioned us well to take advantage of growth opportunities in 2007 and beyond. We made substantial investments in our claims processing and telecommunications systems, as well as in our data analytics and reporting capabilities. We reengineered our operational platforms and expanded our senior management team. We were pleased to be recognized by our clients in the 2006 Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute (PBMI) PBM Customer Satisfaction Report, which is an independent industry client survey that benchmarks PBM performance in overall customer satisfaction. Catalyst Rx received top rankings in all major areas, including overall service and performance, delivering promised services and delivering promised savings. We view the PBMI survey results as additional validation to our approach to managing pharmacy benefits. David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer 2006 marked our seventh year as a publicly traded company and since 1999 we have experienced a significant amount of growth. This past year, not only did the Company meet its growth and profitability objectives, but more importantly, we improved our long-term competitive outlook. In addition to strong financial results, we continued to invest in our Company infrastructure and technology, and positioned the Company to deliver exceptional earnings growth in 2007. In closing, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the contributions of our employees, whose expertise, dedication and commitment has enabled us to maintain our growth rate and continue to exceed the expectations of our clients and their member populations. And, as always, I appreciate the support of our Board of Directors and investors and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

2006 Annual Report

5

