To our shareholders,

We are pleased to report that 2007 was another exceptional year for HealthExtras. Our keys to success continue to be driven by industry-leading client retention rates and execution of a welldefined sales strategy.



Developed and launched a three-year information technology strategy and migrated our business to a new segregated claims processing environment, while successfully transitioning prior acquisitions to this environment;



This past year, we implemented 150 new clients, growing our client base by approximately 900,000 lives, while retaining over 98% of existing clients. We also negotiated several multi-year contract extensions with key clients and will continue to cultivate these relationships, and others, in the years ahead. Highlights from 2007 include:


Recertified as a transparent pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) by the HR Policy Association. Catalyst Rx met or exceeded all requirements set forth by the Association's Transparency in Pharmaceutical Purchasing Solutions (TIPPS) initiative;



Received URAC's new accreditation for Drug Therapy Management. URAC is an independent accreditation commission whose standards assist companies in driving therapeutic outcomes for consumers with a clear focus on patient safety, outcomes measurement and quality improvement.

 Increased financial performance: ­ Revenue increased to $1.86 billion, a 46.5% increase over 2006 revenue of $1.27 billion; ­ Net income was $39.3 million, an increase of 24.4% over the previous year; ­ Earnings per share increased 21.3% to $0.91 ­ Managed working capital and accounts receivables, and ended the year with $124.6 million in cash and marketable securities and no debt;





A key to our ongoing success has been providing differentiated pharmacy benefit management services. We have built a local market infrastructure by investing in account management and clinical personnel that support our clients' cost-containment initiatives. We have fine-tuned this model across the country, including most recently in Puerto Rico for Medical Card System, Inc. (MCS). This large managed care organization chose Catalyst Rx as a result of our ability to provide clients with heightened performance, accountability and innovative solutions.







Added to the S&P SmallCap 600 Index, an efficient portfolio of companies that meet specific inclusion criteria, including market capitalization, financial viability, sector representation, and company type;



For the second consecutive year, Catalyst Rx ranked highest in an independent customer satisfaction survey conducted by the Pharmacy Benefit Management Institute (PBMI), particularly in the key area of "Overall Service and Performance";

HealthExtras 2007 annual report 3

Over the last few years, Catalyst Rx has transformed from a regional player to a credible national competitor able to compete for all business segments. We have developed a strong reputation in the marketplace that has allowed us to bring on larger and more sophisticated clients in a broader geography. In addition, recent consolidation in the industry has enabled us to recruit highly qualified employees, further enhancing our level of experience and expertise. We have balanced investments in our infrastructure and expenses necessary to grow our business while providing first-class service to our clients and their members. While we continue to grow, we remain focused on responding to a changing industry and evolving client needs. Our superior service model is validated by our clients' response to PBMI's independent customer satisfaction survey, in which Catalyst Rx has ranked highest in "Overall Service and Performance" for the past two years. The survey results concluded that incentive alignment and financial transparency drive high satisfaction ratings; both areas in which Catalyst Rx excels. This past year, we also ranked highest among all PBMs measured in "Delivered Promised Services" and "Delivered Promised Savings," as well as in 11 other key categories measured. Our success continues to be fueled by strong organic growth, complemented by selective acquisitions and strategic investments. As a disciplined buyer, we look for the opportunity to buy market share or a geographic foothold by buying smaller, profitable PBMs with a sterling local market reputation. We take advantage of the company's reputation, invest in its systems and expand its sales and marketing initiatives. Our objective is to grow the revenue base while improving operating efficiency and

profitability. Other growth initiatives could include add-on businesses such as mail service and specialty pharmacy, as well as other healthcare cost-containment and wellness services. The pharmacy industry continues to change rapidly. The Company will continue to provide the most care-effective and cost-effective pharmacy benefit solutions for our clients. Catalyst Rx has taken a leadership position in responding to and staying in front of these changes, including the development of the Catalyst Rx Generic Advantage Plan. The Generic Advantage Plan is a leading benefit management strategy that maximizes quality of care and encourages members to choose the lowest priced drugs, whether at mail or retail. It also offers our clients the option of acquisition-based pricing at mail. As always, we will work with our clients to customize components of the plan to meet their needs and those of their members. As we review our 2007 results and consider the year ahead, I am grateful to our valued employees, whose dedication and support have driven the Company's success. I also want to thank our clients, Board of Directors and investors for their support, and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the coming year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair
Chief Executive Officer

Global Reports LLC

