Dear Shareholders, Clearly, 2001 was a year of transition for HealthExtras as expanding the Company's pharmacy benefit management business became our primary strategic focus. By leveraging the advantages of our recent acquisitions and our existing marketing relationships, we are aggressively growing our pharmacy benefit management (PBM) business while the Company continues to benefit from its investments in supplemental health business lines. Today, we are well positioned to deliver consistent earnings growth to our shareholders in 2002 and beyond. Despite being a year of transition, we managed to exceed our 2001 financial projections. HealthExtras turned the corner on profitability in the second quarter and excluding non-cash charges, earned $.05 per share during the second half of 2001. For the year, HealthExtras reported revenues of $124.4 million up from $44.2 million in 2000. Additionally, we ended the year in solid financial condition with $45.2 million of shareholders' equity and positive operating cash flow. Our PBM revenues totaled $46.9 million in 2001 and we anticipate these revenues to approach $150 million in 2002. Much of this growth is a result of the Company's ability to successfully provide pharmacy services to employer groups and managed care organizations which have not historically been well served by the largest PBM companies. By targeting regional and local payors and offering highly customized benefit plan designs and formularies, market specific retail networks, effective cost control measures and the highest level of customer service, we have quickly established ourselves in the PBM arena. The rapid growth in our PBM segment would not have been possible without the successful acquisitions and subsequent integration of International Pharmacy Management and CatalystRx. The value of our combined companies has already been confirmed by recent marketing successes. The CatalystRx transaction closed on November 1, 2001 and provides HealthExtras with additional clinical review programs and consultative expertise to market to larger and more sophisticated employer groups and managed care organizations. While additional PBM acquisitions would further accelerate our growth, with our significant backlog of contracted PBM business and full pipeline of prospects through internal sales efforts, we have sufficient momentum to reach our financial targets. For most of 2001, we aggressively promoted our supplemental health benefits and sold over 350,000 policies. In the latter part of 2001, we experienced an increase in direct expenses associated with our catastrophic benefits and realized higher attrition on certain blocks of business. As a result of the increasingly unpredictable nature of our supplemental health business, we are scaling back our investments in product development and reducing our level of marketing. However, our installed base of supplemental health customers should provide a stable base of revenues and earnings for years to come and we should see moderate growth in this segment from our existing marketing partners. While 2001 did not unfold as initially forecast, I am pleased that we have successfully directed the Company's focus on pursuing attractive growth opportunities in the PBM sector. We are committed to creating shareholder value and we are confident that the long-term interests of our shareholders are being well served. As always, I appreciate your support and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the year. Sincerely,

David T. Blair Chief Executive Officer

Brought to you by Global Reports

