LEADERSHIP LETTER

Casale, left, and Toelle

We begin this annual report with a question: How can we help you grow? While that may seem like a simple query, it sums up how CHS views each day.
NET INCOME* / dollars in millions 961.4 502 . 2 381.4 803.0 75 6 . 7
2011 2010 2009 2008 2007

* attributable to CHS

2 2011 CHS

Even as we work around the clock to deliver reliable, competitively priced agronomic and energy products, connect producers to global grain customers, and offer essential business services, we're always striving to do more and to do it in ways that help our stakeholders grow. Whether you're a producer; a local cooperative; or a grain, food ingredient or energy customer; CHS is committed to you and your growth goals. Throughout fiscal 2011, we've been taking that commitment to new levels. That's essential as the complex global agriculture and energy sectors continue to change at unprecedented rates. And while 2011 certainly had its share of challenges -- weather, global economic weakness and geopolitical upheaval -- there's no question that the future is bright for agriculture. World population is growing and with it, demand for more and better food. Those of us who've been involved in food production for generations recognize the opportunities for agriculture; so do the many new players who are aggressively investing in this robust industry.

Helping you grow your business and adding economic value in the process means CHS must consistently deliver strong financial performance and maintain a solid balance sheet. Amid a volatile global marketplace in fiscal 2011, we accomplished both. CHS set new marks for both net income and revenues. Our earnings reached a record $961.4 million, while higher commodity prices and volumes for some products contributed to a new revenue mark of $36.9 billion. For our member-owners, those numbers represent much more than a year-end financial announcement. Based on fiscal 2011 earnings, we expect that eligible CHS owners will share in an estimated $421 million in cash patronage, equity redemptions and preferred stock dividends during fiscal 2012. As we look ahead, the CHS Board of Directors' goal is to maintain a cash return policy that recognizes those who built this company, rewards those we serve today and establishes a solid foundation for the future.

Within the pages of this annual report are the business and financial highlights of fiscal 2011. But we've also included We're confident your member-owned system is positioned the most important results: the real-life stories of how to succeed by capitalizing on its strong connections from CHS and member cooperatives are making a difference farmers' fields to the local cooperative to domestic and for the producers and customers we serve. global customers. From energy and agronomic inputs to grain gathering, risk management, logistics and capital, How can we help you grow? By delivering what you need your system connects producers to customers around the to make your business a success today, tomorrow and for world who increasingly see the benefits of doing business years to come. with a farmer-owned cooperative. We also know that in a changing marketplace, we can and must do more to help you grow. Throughout 2011, we have been identifying and moving forward with new opportuni- CARL CASALE ties for producers and member cooperatives -- including President and Chief Executive Officer options for aligning more closely with CHS -- to ensure you have access to the inputs, capital, risk management tools and other resources you need to grow. Significant investments are under way, and more are planned, to ensure reliable supplies of inputs, to expand global market MICHAEL TOELLE access, and to create more opportunities to add value to Chairman, Board of Directors the grains and oilseeds CHS owners raise.

2011 CHS 3

