Leadership Letter

putting things into perspective
It depends on where you stand. Your perspective on the 2009 CHS fiscal year hinges on your vantage point. Viewed simply as a comparison of earnings from two consecutive years, it might be easy to consider 2009 disappointing when measured against the record results of fiscal 2008. But let's take a broader perspective.
When we wrapped up fiscal 2008, the world was catching its breath as prices for energy, grain and crop nutrients -- commodities that make up the core of our business -- reached unprecedented heights. Historically high 2008 CHS revenues and earnings were certainly influenced by those forces. As the new fiscal year began, it became clear that commodity markets had reached their peaks and were declining rapidly. Add to that the weakening global and domestic economies at the time, and it was easy to predict that fiscal 2009 would be very different from 2008. Twelve months later, fiscal 2009 is history. As we report CHS financial results, we do so with the satisfaction that we achieved marks ahead of our own projections in an environment that challenged industries, economies and consumers across the board. For fiscal 2009, our earnings were $381.4 million, down 53 percent from a year ago, on revenues of $26 billion. While not a record, those earnings mark the fourth-best year in our nearly 80-year history, maintaining our long track record of stability and financial performance. As we see it, our diverse business portfolio, solid balance sheet and unwavering commitment to returning value to our stakeholders combined to make fiscal 2009 a very solid year. Most of our business operations achieved earnings ahead of expectations and several recorded their best or second-best years ever. Among them were our energy business -- particularly refined fuels, propane and lubricants -- as well as oilseed processing and related foods businesses. Our locally controlled retail operations performed extremely well and, despite a weaker global economy that curtailed demand, our grain marketing business generated excellent results. Certainly, some areas of our business were extremely challenged, most notably our wholesale crop nutrients operations. Unprecedented volatility in this business resulted in record values in 2008, followed by severely reduced demand and a precipitous drop in commodity prices. This led to unprecedented inventory devaluation and resulted in a significant loss for this business in 2009 on the heels of record earnings in 2008. Viewed over a two-year period, crop nutrients continue to be an excellent business for CHS. Still, while the conditions driving this market are beyond our control, we've made it a priority to explore and, whenever possible, implement ways to better manage our risk in this business and assist our customers in managing their risk. From our perspective, one of the most important things we can accomplish is returning value for our owners. In

2

$381 million

CHS achieved its fourth-best net income
in its nearly 80-year history amid volatile global economic conditions
john Johnson michael ToElle

fiscal 2009, based on our record results for fiscal 2008, we returned a record $347 million to our owners in the form of cash patronage, equity redemptions, preferred stock and dividends. And while not at the record levels of the past few years, in fiscal 2010 we expect to return an estimated $220 million to our owners. While an annual report must take a rearview-mirror perspective, our eyes are always on the horizon. For nearly three years, our ongoing 2020 Vision project has focused our planning initiatives, added insight on how our businesses must be managed to succeed within a wide range of environments and, most important, shaped our direction. Within this report, we're showcasing examples of real-world progress on our five primary business objectives, success stories made possible by strong relationships with stakeholders across the United States and around the world. Conditions change. Every year has its own story. We all have a unique perspective. But no matter where

you stand, one thing remains constant. CHS is committed to being a strong organization that adds value for our customers, our owners, our employees and our stakeholders. Any way you look at it, that's the measure of our success.

John D. Johnson

President and Chief Executive Officer

Michael Toelle

Chairman, Board of Directors

N e t INc o m e dollars in millions

3 81. 4 803.0 7 5 6 .7 505.4 255.6

09 08

O P F

07 06 05

3

