leadership letter

greater together.
It's a simple mathematical formula with an unconventional answer: One plus one equals more than two. CHS has provided that unique solution for more than 80 years by aligning farmers, ranchers and cooperative owners to accomplish more together than we could have accomplished alone. This result has been especially true over the past year as we navigated the volatile global agriculture and energy marketplace to generate record earnings and record returns for our owners.

Together as a system we ensured vital crop inputs and energy products were delivered to producers efficiently and effectively. Together as a system we moved grain into domestic and global markets and processed it into food and food ingredients to meet demand generated by a growing, hungry world.

global market volatility delivered records in some areas and challenges in others.

But being Greater Together is far more than just figures in financial statements. It's about what CHS delivers. In fiscal 2012, we delivered a record return on your investment and business with this company, distributing $430.9 million in cash -- cash that is being reinvested in farms, ranches, local cooperative Together as a system we added value by providing operations and, ultimately, local communities. And the risk management tools, agronomic expertise and there's more ahead. Based on this year's earnings, we economic returns that are helping our owners succeed. expect to return a landmark nearly $600 million to our owners in fiscal 2013. This will be the greatest From a financial standpoint, there's no question that amount of cash returned to owners in cooperative 2012 was the best in our history. Our earnings reached history. an unprecedented $1.26 billion with revenues at a record $40.6 billion. Equally important, those earn- Greater Together is also about how your system adds ings represented solid financial performance through- value for you, not only today, but also for the long term. out more than a dozen business operations, even as

2

CHs 2012

Net INcome

dollars in millions*

$

1.26 BILLION

803.0 2008

381.4 2009

502.2 2010

961.4 2011

1,260.6 2012

From left: Casale, Hasnedl

*attributable to CHS

The pages of this annual report catalogue numerous examples of that value. They're in the stories of the producers, cooperative leaders and other customers featured in words and pictures. And they're in the reports of dozens of acquisitions, investments and other projects undertaken on our owners' behalf during fiscal 2012 and intended to add value for years to come.

Yes, 2012 was an outstanding year for the company you own. Thank you for your support and your business. But what about tomorrow? Our success -- and your success -- depends on making sure we remain relevant to you and add value for you amid daily market volatility and permanent competitive change. The bottom line: Making sure that equation continues to work so that one plus one -- you plus CHS -- always equals Greater Together.

Behind all of this is our commitment to ensuring you are Greater Together with CHS. To accomplish that, we didn't just consider the global and domestic forces shaping our future; we listened. And we acted. carl casale Through investments in our refined fuels produc- President and Chief Executive Officer tion and distribution network. Through acquisitions and expansion in global grain. Through establishing sources of crop nutrients in strategic geographies. And through providing new opportunities to add value jerry hasnedl to your crops in the food and food ingredients sector. Chairman, Board of Directors

CHs 2012

3

