Letter to Stockholders
To Our Stockholders:
we serve our customers well; and operational improvements to streamline our business. These initiatives, together with In 2005, we made great progress in strengthening the financial Charter's advanced products and services such as video and operating foundation of our company. As a result, we entered 2006 as a stronger company executing clear strategies for on demand, high-definition television, and digital video growth. Backed by our talented recording, allowed us to both employees, our senior leadership attract new customers and team is focused on profitable increase average monthly growth. We are confident we revenue per customer. In 2005, we showed we can have the people, products, and distinguish ourselves from vision necessary to capture We are focusing much of the exciting opportunities in our investment on extending the competition and capture our marketplace. Charter's telephone service the market's demand for footprint. Telephone is a Sharpening Our Focus key element of our growth our products. While we still on Profitable Growth strategies, both on its own have work to do, we believe Over the past year, we have and as part of the bundled taken important steps to sharpen product offerings that set the progress that we made our focus on profitable growth: us apart from traditional in 2005 sets the stage for voice service and DBS We completed our senior (direct broadcast satellite) strengthening performance leadership team providers. At the end of in 2006 and beyond. In addition to hiring a new March 2006, our telephone Chief Executive Officer, we service was available to nearly made a number of appointfour million homes, an increase ments and promotions, of approximately one million including Mike Lovett, Chief homes in the first quarter of Operating Officer; JT Fisher, Chief Financial Officer; Bob this year and about 550,000 homes in the fourth quarter of Quigley, Chief Marketing Officer; and Grier Raclin, General 2005. Expanding our telephone coverage strengthens our ability Counsel. Charter now has a strong management team with to compete against other voice and bundled service providers. the skill and experience to compete and win in our rapidly changing marketplace. Executing Our Four Strategic Priorities In 2005, we showed we can distinguish ourselves from the competition and capture the market's demand for our products. We enhanced our financial flexibility While we still have work to do, we believe the progress that we We extended the maturities and improved the terms of our public debt and commercial credit facilities and reached made in 2005 sets the stage for strengthening performance in 2006 and beyond. agreements to sell geographically non-strategic systems, further optimizing our footprint. These actions enhanced liquidity and provided resources to continue to invest in We expect to achieve continued improvements in our growth. As a result, we expect to have sufficient liquidity operational and financial performance by concentrating to meet our cash needs through 2007. on four strategic priorities: We made strategic and disciplined investments in our business The progress we made on the financial front freed up the resources for several strategic initiatives, including targeted marketing to attract the right kind of customers; enhanced customer service to support higher growth rates and ensure Improving the end-to-end customer experience In 2006, we will capitalize on initiatives launched during 2005 to sharpen our customer focus and achieve further improvements in service levels, technical operations, sales and marketing. Most importantly, our employees are dedicated to Charter's customer-first philosophy and

2

Charter Communications

understand that delivering positive customer experiences is crucial to achieving consistent growth. We will support their continued professional growth and development, providing the right tools and training necessary to accomplish our goals. Utilizing targeted marketing to grow the customer base and improve retention We plan to grow sales and improve retention by providing attractive products and services and investing in targeted marketing programs. We will continue to place a high priority on the ongoing roll-out of telephone service and on achieving increased telephone penetration so that we can offer bundled products that help set us apart from the competition and reduce churn.

Focusing on investments that drive profitable revenue growth We will place a priority on capital and operational initiatives with the highest return on investment, including the telephone roll-out, the promotion of product bundles, and targeted marketing.

We are Charter the premier provider of in-home entertainment and communications services in our markets, and we have a clear plan to reach this goal. We are proud that our approximately 17,000 employees across the organization have rallied behind this commitment, and we are grateful for their support.

the quality of the customer relationships we're establishing. Higher customer counts are beginning to result in increased revenue. For the fourth quarter of 2005, revenues increased $66 million, or 5.2 percent, over the prior-year quarter, and in the first quarter of 2006, total revenues were up $103 million, or 8.1 percent, from the comparable 2005 quarter. committed to making In short, compelling products, attractive bundles, improved customer service, and targeted marketing are driving significant RGU growth, which in turn is generating improved revenue growth. As these improvements continue to build momentum, we expect to see this translate into growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization).

We are committed to making Charter the premier provider of in-home entertainment and communications services in our markets, and we have a clear plan to reach this goal. We are proud that our approximately 17,000 employees across the organization have rallied behind this commitment, and we are grateful for their support. On behalf of all of us at Charter, we thank you for your continued support as we work to delight our customers, strengthen our company, and create value for our stakeholders. Sincerely,

Continuing our opportunistic approach to improving Charter's long-term financial flexibility We will continue to seek out opportunities to reduce overall leverage, manage maturities, and lower borrowing costs, which gives us both the time and resources to further build our business and generate value for our shareholders.

Delivering Results
It's clear that the work we've done to sharpen our focus and execute our strategies is beginning to deliver results. In the fourth quarter of 2005, we added 133,000 net revenue generating units (RGUs), the highest fourth-quarter growth in three years. The momentum strengthened in the first quarter of 2006, when we added nearly 295,000 net RGUs -- the largest gain in any quarter in the last three years. We achieved growth in each of our customer categories, and we did it while achieving our fifth consecutive quarter of reduced churn, reflecting Neil Smit President and CEO

Paul G. Allen Chairman

2005 Annual Report

3

