Letter to Shareholders

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
The year 2001 was a year of transformation. We progressed from being a company focused on acquisition to a company focused on operational execution, from a cable television company to a broadband communications company. With our acquisition and capital programs largely completed, we are moving swiftly to unleash the capabilities of one of the most profound tools of communications ever introduced ­ the advanced digital broadband network ­ for the benefit of our customers and shareholders alike. Make no mistake: The business of broadband is booming. We are now realizing strong momentum across our entire advanced broadband platform as we introduce multipleservice bundles that provide our customers excellent value and fortify our competitive position as one of the largest broadband providers. Our digital video platform continues to progress both as a cash flow contributor and as a launch pad for new advanced services. And we are now experiencing excellent progress in our broadband cable modem business, where rapid adoption rates, high customer demand and satisfaction levels only hint at what's to come. With our Charter Pipeline® broadband Internet service, we are developing a business that not only contributes to the on-going success of our company, but also enriches the quality of life our customers enjoy. As a growing number of Charter customers are discovering, Charter Pipeline makes its easy and convenient for people to learn, play, work and stay in touch. Charter Pipeline provides the electronic links that connect residential customers to a high-speed data network capable of delivering everything from crystalclear video clips to web pages that appear instantly upon command. The difference between the Charter Pipeline experience and the dial-up Internet of old is remarkable. It's like the difference between traveling by airplane and traveling by automobile. Between color television and black-and-white. Thanks to the excellent progress we have made in building our cable modem business, Charter

connects an ever-increasing customer base to a highspeed, always-on broadband network that paves the way for a new generation of media services. Because of the power and presence of our highspeed, broadband distribution platform, these technological advances now are available to millions of Charter Communications® households on an affordable, accessible basis. Not only have we transformed the online experience, we are now beginning to liberate it from the confines of the personal computer. Our forthcoming initiatives are aimed at serving a new generation of information and entertainment appliances ­ in the family room, the kitchen, or wherever our customers want to enjoy a connection to our broadband network. Charter Pipeline is emerging as a vital contributor to Charter's growth. We ended 2001 with 607,700 cable modem customers, and our momentum increased in early 2002 as we added a record 140,000 new cable modem customers in the first quarter ­ more than 10,000 each week. Along with this rapid customer growth, Charter has continually increased the operating margin from the high-speed data service. Charter Pipeline represents a fundamental contributor and a building block for our company and our future. But it's only one element in the business of broadband. We're also gaining significant economic momentum on these fronts: We are leading our industry in digital cable market share. We ended 2001 with more than 2 million Charter Digital Cable® customers, representing an industry-leading digital penetration of nearly one digital customer for every three basic video customers. We continue to add digital cable customers at a rapid pace, and we remain resolved to attaining ubiquitous digital penetration across our entire customer base. We are introducing more customers to the power of Video On Demand. Part of our new slate of interactive digital television services, Video On Demand (VOD) offers hit movies, episodic television programs and specialty programming directly from our broadband network, with

7 of 25

Letter to Shareholders

Paul G. Allen, Chairman, and Carl E. Vogel, President and Chief Executive Officer

full VCR-style functionality. Just as importantly, it meshes perfectly with a demonstrated appetite among a new generation of television viewers to watch what they want, when they want it. By the end of 2002, we expect that as many as half of our digital customers will be able to enjoy VOD, and we believe VOD will be a strong economic contributor in 2003 and beyond. We are expanding our interactive television initiatives. We are delivering diverse, interactive television content and services to selected markets, and are rapidly expanding our interactive TV footprint to help customers become acclimated to a new medium. For a very modest cost, we are making television better with on-demand information services ranging from weather reports for anywhere in the country to personalized stock quotes and local movie theater listings. We have initiated fully modernized network monitoring and customer care centers. Our company now has at its disposal efficient technical and customer care resources that provide us a level of stability, reliability and performance unprecedented in the 50-year history of the cable television industry. We have put a new face on our company. Through inventive and effective marketing initiatives, we have set the stage for a new way of thinking about Charter Communications ­ not just as a cable television company, but as a provider of multiple high-value, high-utility consumer products over a state-of-the-art broadband connection. A series of engaging and enlightening commercials featuring the popular actor Dan Aykroyd has acquainted millions of people with a new Charter Communications ­ the company that is bringing home the vast promise of the Wired World. And most of all, we are executing. Supporting each of these key accomplishments is an overriding principle that propels everything we do at Charter. We execute our business plan with passion, desire and energ y. Every new cable modem installation, in-home digital service

demonstration, marketing bill insert, employee teambuilding event and customer telephone conversation contributes to executing on our plan. Advancing in the broadband business means doing the little things right ­ day after day in each and every market ­ to make your company the leader of the new digital broadband age. Our ability to innovate and execute also is apparent in our numbers. In 2001, revenues on a pro forma basis climbed 14.0 percent, to $4.1 billion. Our pro forma operating cash flow rose 10.9 percent, to $1.8 billion. And our 2001 average monthly revenue per basic customer increased as we began to experience the financial impact of delivering multiple services from a single, high-capacity network. Nearly seven million customer households now receive some form of video, data or interactive television services from Charter Communications. We are immensely proud of our state-of-the art broadband network, which won accolades for its engineering design from a national industry publication in 2001. At the same time, we recognize that the true value of our company, more so than our advanced digital technology or the ever-expanding capacity of our network, is the relationship we enjoy with our customers. It is a relationship that deserves and inspires our full dedication, and it is a relationship that will serve, always, as the centerpiece of value creation for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued interest and support.

Carl E. Vogel, President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen, Chairman June 5, 2002

8 of 25

