2
2013 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders,

Over the last two years, we have fundamentally transformed Charter: from our products, pricing and packaging, to our field operations and execution, to our customer care and service operations. I'm very pleased to report that this transformation is delivering the desired results. We entered 2014 with significant momentum and a clear path to creating greater value for our customers and our shareholders. Our 2013 performance demonstrates our progress. Revenue of $8.4 billion rose 5% year over year. We added 172,000 new resi1

THOMAS M. RUTLEDGE,
President and Chief Executive Officer

customers and by deepening and extending its relationship with existing customers. We will achieve these goals by offering bestin-class video, Internet and voice services, coupled with outstanding customer service. Today, we already offer a superior broadband product, and over 75% of our residential Internet customers are receiving data speeds from Charter of 30 Mbps or more-- and this will increase to 60 Mbps by the end of 2014. We have also dramatically improved our video product over the last two years, adding more HD channels and actively marketing digital products. As a result, we have stabilized our video customer base, and in 2013, we began taking back multichannel video market share from our competitors. As we complete our network-wide move to all-digital in 2014, we are in a great position to grow our video customer base.

dential customers, 43% more than we added in 2012, and we now serve over 5.6 million homes with our services. We also improved unit growth across each of our primary service categories of video, Internet and voice. Our residential revenue grew by 5% in 2013, more than double its growth in 2012, and commercial revenue grew by 20%. Adjusted EBITDA rose to $2.9 billion, an increase of
2

3% year-over-year. Our balance sheet is well positioned to support our growth strategy and to deliver attractive returns to investors. Our strategy is founded on a simple but powerful principal: that Charter can create tremendous shareholder value by adding new

1 All customer data and results, unless otherwise noted, are pro forma for the Bresnan transaction, as if it had occurred on January 1, 2012. 2 See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page F-49 of this Annual Report.

MORE
The confidence of our 21,000+ employees is growing with highly competitive products, improved sales activity and service execution. In 2013, we saw strong year-over-year growth in new sales activity, and at the same time, our customer satisfaction scores are increasing. Our improving customer satisfaction is in part the result of our improving service levels. Better customer service not only drives higher customer retention and customer satisfaction, but it also supports our financial goals. We have invested significantly in improving service reliability to reduce the total number of service transactions we perform, driving longer customer lives and reducing service costs. While we're very pleased with our progress, we still have more work to do. We have a clear set of objectives for 2014, the most important of which is to complete our alldigital initiative. More than just enhancing our

Make Way for

"Over the last two years, we have fundamentally transformed Charter: from our products, pricing and packaging, to our field operations and execution, to our customer care and service operations."

Adjusted EBITDA (in millions) 2011 2012 2013 $2,827 $2,864 $2,948

See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page F-49 of this Annual Report. Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2011.

video product, taking our network all-digital unleashes the full power of our plant by eliminating capacity-eating analog signals, enabling us to further differentiate our products from our competitors. We also continue to drive improvements in our service operations and accelerating our product development. We continue to refine our field operations and customer care practices, ensuring that our technicians and customer service representatives have the training and tools to do their jobs efficiently and at the highest quality standards. With regard to products, we launched our Charter TV App for mobile devices in November. The application serves as a touchscreen guide and enables customers to livestream cable channels in the home on tablets and phones, with more features and greater functionality to come. We also continue to develop our cloud-based user interface for
Charter Communications, Inc.

Revenue (in millions) 2011 2012 2013 $7,697 $8,017 $8,419

Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2011.

3

4
2013 Annual Report

MORE
set top boxes. This compelling and featurerich interface will dramatically enhance the search and discovery process of our linear and on demand video offerings. We will begin to make our new interface available to customers by the end of this year. Executing on these initiatives will enable us to end 2014 with our product and operational transformation largely complete. By year end, we will be offering a superior product across the vast majority of our footprint, packaged in a high-value offering we are calling Charter Spectrum. With over 200 channels of HD, minimum Internet speeds of at least 60 Mbps, and fully-featured voice services, Charter Spectrum is designed to drive greater market share of our services in both homes and businesses. Greater share and deeper product penetration, combined with higher revenue per relationship and lower transaction costs per customer, will allow us to deliver greater adjusted EBITDA per home passed and significant free cash flow growth over the years to come.

Make Way for

"Our strategy is founded on a simple but powerful principal: that Charter can create tremendous shareholder value by adding new customers, and by deepening its relationship with existing customers."

Customer Relationships (in thousands) 2011 2012 2013 5,582 5,730 5,936

Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred as of the last day of the respective period for all periods presented.

As always, our goal is to continue to improve, as that improvement will benefit our customers, employees and shareholders. We appreciate your interest and continued support and we are looking forward to the year ahead. Best Regards,

Thomas M. Rutledge President and Chief Executive Officer Charter February 21, 2014

