01.

Carl E. Vogel President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen Chairman

REBUILDING OUR BUSINESS AND STRENGTHENING OUR FOUNDATION

To Our Shareholders: This past year was a year of rebuilding our business and strengthening our foundation. We often
characterized this process as a process of transition. In 2003, we repackaged and repriced several of our consumer offerings, enhanced management depth at every level of our organization and began to improve our financial flexibility by increasing our liquidity, all in the interest of improving our competitive position and serving our customers. In 2004, we are continuing our strategy of driving customer satisfaction, operational efficiency, and product enhancement to generate further improvements in our revenues. We firmly believe the revenue potential of our business is improving as we offer differentiated video services, ubiquitous high-speed Internet products and expanded voice-over-Internet protocol telephony services. Improvements in the Company's performance are already visible. With the vast majority of our network rebuild completed, Charter is continuing to grow revenues and adjusted EBITDA, while our capital spending has shifted to revenuebased opportunities. In 2003, our revenues increased 6 percent to $4.8 billion, adjusted EBITDA grew 7 percent to $1.9 billion, and our capital expenditures decreased by $1.3 billion, or 61 percent, to $854 million compared to 2002. Overall, Charter improved free cash flow by $1.4 billion compared to 2002, going from negative $1.5 billion to negative $70 million. Free cash flow measures the funds generated internally after deducting operating costs, capital expenditures and cash interest on debt. This important metric measures our fundamental ability to drive economic value from our broadband network. In 2002, capital expenditures surpassed adjusted EBITDA by $371 million; in 2003, even during our operating transition, adjusted EBITDA was $1.1 billion higher than our capital expenditures.

DELIVERING NEW AND GROWING DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES

We're proud of this achievement. It affirms the central premise of Charter Communications: the delivery of new and growing digital communications services that generate value as they produce customer satisfaction. Our broadband network delivers an array of communications services, from on-demand television to a superior high-speed Internet product to one of the best high definition TV offerings available.

02.

MARKET ADVANTAGE
With approximately 6.2 million analog video customers and 10.5 million revenue generating units, Charter's new senior management team is focused on driving revenue, maximizing operating leverage and protecting our core businesses.

Operations: We've delivered on our pledge to improve the efficiency and skill levels at work within our customer service
infrastructure. We've consolidated our customer call centers to 37 from more than 153, and now serve more than 90 percent of our customer base from just 14 call centers. With a well trained service staff we can deliver a consistently positive experience across our Company, and across all of our new service offerings. We've also essentially completed our billing system conversions, converting over 3 million customers in 2003, ensuring that the integrated billing and account management platform better supports all services across our footprint.
INTRODUCING NEW DIGITAL FEATURES INCLUDING HDTV AND DVR

Products: We continue to see momentum in our high-speed Internet product category, adding 427,500 new customers in
2003, and increasing revenues by 65 percent. We've migrated our high-speed Internet customer provisioning approach to a uniform platform across the Company, offering a primary connection speed of three MBs downstream. We've injected more value into our digital cable service by adding new high definition (HD) TV programming, including HD programs from local broadcast stations -- a highly prized feature our satellite competitors have difficulty delivering -- as well as cable programming including movies and sports. Late in 2003, we introduced digital video recorder (DVR) capabilities and, thus far, we are pleased with customer take rates of this exciting new product. At the same time, our video and subscription video on-demand TV offerings (VOD and SVOD) are growing in availability and popularity. More than 920,000 digital customers can select on-demand TV programs and movies, or enjoy monthly subscriptions for on-demand programming. Overall, the competitive position of our digital cable service continues to improve. Our vision of the digital platform came to life in early 2004 when we introduced the first all-digital cable telecommunications network in Long Beach, California, resulting in widespread industry attention. Converting from analog to digital improves picture quality and recovers precious service carrying capacity that can be used to provide more high definition television as well as targeted services including VOD and specialized subscription services. We expect to launch similar efforts in more of our markets. Finally, we offer voice-over-Internet protocol (VoIP) telephone service in two markets, and we're working hard to lay the groundwork for similar deployments in at least one additional market this year, and more markets in 2005 and beyond. Telephone service over cable is capturing strong interest and better than expected penetration levels as compared to our industry peer group. We look forward to a significant business contribution beginning in 2005. We believe the revenue opportunities and the differentiation of services of VoIP, VOD, SVOD, HDTV, DVR, home networking and advanced set-top deployments will be similar to the great success the cable operators have enjoyed with high-speed Internet services. Charter is at the early stage of tapping into this potential and we believe our operational improvements over the last year position us well to grow.

Marketing: We compete aggressively in the marketplace by effectively pricing and communicating our advantages to today's
discerning consumer. Out network does more, and we're letting the world know it. Our 2004 marketing promotions revolve around the campaign "Get Hooked" . In an aggressive and entertaining way, this message drives forth the fact that we deliver differentiated services we believe our competitors simply can't match. We've also repriced key services to compete more effectively, and to send a more consistent message about our offerings across our Company. As a result of these and other improvements, our customers are experiencing greater satisfaction with the level of service they receive.

03.

CAPITALIZING ON REVENUE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES OF CHARTER BUSINESS

Business services: The contribution of Charter's business communications segments are increasingly noteworthy. Our
advertising sales division, Charter Media, provides affordable, targeted advertising sales and production for thousands of local and national businesses, and contributed $263 million in revenue in 2003. At young and rising Charter Business, sales are robust. Revenues from this division, which provides business-to-business video, data and Internet protocol (IP) solutions to small and medium-sized businesses, rose 27 percent in 2003, to $204 million, as business owners in Charter markets welcomed a fresh alternative in local telecommunications services.

Financing: Since we last wrote, we injected much needed liquidity into Charter's balance sheet. We extended maturities
and captured $294 million of debt discount through a debt exchange, and issued $500 million of senior notes to repay bank debt in Fall 2003. We completed the sale of our Port Orchard, Washington cable system, serving 25,500 analog video customers, and entered into an agreement to divest additional geographically non-strategic cable systems serving some 228,500 customers in 2003. The sale of those cable systems, which closed in 2004, coupled with the Port Orchard transaction, generated proceeds of approximately $824 million, which we used to pay down debt. We also amended Charter's bank facilities, and concurrently issued $1.5 billion in senior notes in April 2004. These transactions extended beyond 2008 approximately $8.0 billion of scheduled debt maturities and credit facility commitment reductions which would have otherwise matured before then. The consolidation of bank facilities, deferral of debt maturities and the imposition of less restrictive covenants created by these concurrent transactions will benefit the Company by providing increased borrowing availability and greater operating flexibility. The market value of Charter's equity and public debt securities are higher today than at the beginning of 2003. We are pleased with the improvements we've made in strengthening the financial profile of the Company; however, we continue to explore ways to improve our balance sheet. We recognize the need to reduce our overall leverage in the future and look for ways to accomplish this in a way that maximizes the interest of all our shareholders.

YEAR OF TRANSITION
BENEFITING FROM EXPANDING CAPABILITY AND RISING DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES

2003 was an active year of transition. We strengthened our management team, improved our operations and customer base, grew our revenues and cash flows and improved our liquidity. All while expanding and enhancing our product mix. We are better positioned today than a year ago to benefit from the expanding capability and rising demand for services our network can provide. We are incredibly proud of our employees' accomplishments over the last year. During a period of extreme challenge and transition, Charter's employees continued to advance the cause of choice and empowerment of our customers. Their hard work and personal dedication to their communities and Company is remarkable. To them, we dedicate this report.

Carl E. Vogel President and Chief Executive Officer June 23, 2004

Paul G. Allen Chairman

