THOMAS M. RUTLEDGE

President and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

B

y completing our all-digital initiative in 2014 as planned, we have unleashed the full

customer and market share growth. We added 291,000 new residential and business customers in 2014, increasing our customer base by 4.9% over 2013. We now reach more than 6.2 million homes and businesses with our services. In turn, our revenue and Adjusted EBITDA1 growth accelerated through the year. Revenue of $9.1 billion and Adjusted EBITDA of $3.2 billion each rose 8.2% on a pro forma2 basis, year over year.

capability of our high-capacity two-way interactive network. We now have the bandwidth to offer more advanced products and services to existing and future customers, including our new product suite, Charter Spectrum , which has been launched across our entire footprint. Charter Spectrum delivers a video product with more HD channels than satellite, with full Video On Demand functionality on every video outlet in the home. Our Internet product is faster than the competition in the vast majority of our footprint, with a minimum speed offering of 60 Mbps. And over time, our Internet speeds will get much faster. We combine these superior video and Internet products, with a fully featured voice product, and sell them together at a highly competitive price point. That value-rich product offering, combined with our growing service capabilities, is driving our

As we begin 2015, we remain focused on three key areas: execution of our market share growth strategy, the continued improvement and development of our products and services, and closing and integrating the transactions we announced with Comcast in April of 2014.
$8,017 $9,108 $8,419 Revenue (in millions)

2012

2013

2014

Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2012.

Charter Communications

2014 Annual Report

3

"By completing our all-digital initiative in 2014 as planned, we have unleashed the full capability of our high-capacity two-way interactive network. We now have the bandwidth to offer more advanced products and services to existing and future customers"
Charter Spectrum is gaining momentum in the marketplace, with over 80% of our residential customers now receiving Spectrum products. Our sales, marketing, customer care and field operations are heavily focused on driving additional customer growth and product penetration in 2015. Our expectation is that Charter will grow customers across each of our Spectrum product lines this year, including video. Our ability to deliver superior service, one of our largest value drivers, has improved significantly in the past year. And we continue to focus on building our expertise in this area. Better service starts by offering highly valued products at competitive prices and by making Charter more convenient and efficient for customers to do
Adjusted EBITDA (in millions) $3,190 $2,864 $2,948

With our network now fully digitized, we will accelerate the development of more advanced products and services. In 2015, we will introduce Spectrum Guide, our new cloud-based user interface, across much of our footprint. This advanced user interface makes video content search and discovery easier and more enjoyable, and it fully enables our Video On Demand offering. Spectrum Guide has been designed to function on nearly all of our eleven million deployed set-top boxes, regardless of their age or processing power. And because it is cloud-based, this new user interface can be updated or refreshed at any time, at low cost. In 2015, we will also introduce our new set-top box, which we call, Worldbox. This smaller, more capable box is interoperable with all of our legacy video platforms and can be sourced from multiple vendors, reducing costs. Worldbox also provides additional flexibility as our network and services evolve. We will also be launching WiFi hot spots (Spectrum WiFi) for our residential customers at Spectrum Business locations in 2015. These hotspots will provide additional value to our Internet customers when they are outside the home and lay the foundation for additional wireless offerings. We continue to see major growth opportunities in the commercial telecom marketplace. As we look to serve the unique needs of this market

business

with. an

We have invested in, and developed, i n s o u rc e d s e r vi c e

infrastructure increasingly managed by our own employees, and our own IT and network platforms. The launch of these internal
2012 2013 2014

and

customer-

facing platforms, and their success, is a reflection of our serviceoriented culture.

See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page F-47 of this Annual Report. Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2012.

4

Charter Communications

2014 Annual Report

Residential & Commercial Customers (in thousands) 5,730 5,936 6,227

and further accelerate our market share growth, we have created two distinct service groups: One, to serve the small and medium business segment, and another for enterprise and carrier customers. With the creation of these two

markets we will serve. Our 33% stake in GreatLand Connections will also benefit both GreatLand and Charter via a two-way services agreement between the two companies, providing significant operational and financial benefits for each operator. Over the past three years, we have demonstrated the growth potential of our operating strategy. As we look to the balance of 2015, we remain well-positioned to maintain our operating growth momentum by delivering superior products, developing new products and integrating new assets into our business. And with all-digital complete, the capital intensity of our operations in our retained footprint will decline significantly--demonstrating Charter's significant free cash flow potential and driving value for our shareholders. We appreciate your interest and support and I would like to thank our dedicated employees, who are the key to our success. We look forward to the continued execution of our long-term operating plan, which will create additional benefits for our customers and greater returns for our shareholders. Best Regards,

2012

2013

2014

service groups, we can deliver additional value to customers by

Pro forma for certain acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2012.

launching new products and pricing that are more tailored to customer segments and individual customer needs. Our third key objective in 2015 is to close the transactions we announced with Comcast in April of 2014, and the integration of the assets we acquire, into Charter. The addition of these new service areas enhances our scale and footprint and brings significant operational and financial benefits to Charter. We will be applying the same operating strategy that Charter launched in 2012 to this larger base of customers, bringing additional value and services to the
3

"With all-digital complete, the capital intensity of our operations in our retained footprint will decline significantly--demonstrating Charter's significant free cash flow potential and driving value for our shareholders."

Thomas M. Rutledge President and Chief Executive Officer Charter Communications February 24, 2015

1

See use of Non-GAAP Financial Metrics on page F-47 of this Annual Report. Pro forma results reflect certain acquisitions of cable systems in 2013 as if they occurred as of January 1, 2012. 3 See page 6 of this Annual Report for a map of Charter's footprint pro forma for the Comcast transactions.
2

Charter Communications

2014 Annual Report

5

