charter commu n i c at i o n s , i n c .

Letter to Stockholders
2007 was a successful year for Charter. Through the hard work of our employees, we achieved double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth year over year in each of the four quarters of the year on a pro forma basis, and we made significant improvements to the overall customer experience. Charter has momentum and all of our efforts are directed toward keeping the Company moving in a positive direction.

Mission and Strategy
Charter's mission is to deliver quality products, service and value to our customers, and profitable revenue growth for our shareholders and other stakeholders. To achieve this mission we remain focused on the following four strategic priorities:

1) Improve the end-to-end customer experience 2)  Increase sales and retention of the Charter Bundle 3)  Focus resources on investments with the highest expected return 4)  Continue an opportunistic approach to enhance liquidity, extend maturities and reduce debt Our strategies are working, we are properly focused and generating the desired results. We continue to improve customer service, we continue to bundle our products, and we remain disciplined with our investments.

1

Letter to stockholders

Revenue Growth

$1,600 10.7%

11.1%

11.3%

10.6%

$1,200

$ 800

$ 400 2006 2007 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q

In each of the four quarters of the year, we delivered double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, reflecting our goal to achieve consistent results.
Operational Execution and Financial Discipline
Continued focus on the Bundle and operating efficiencies drove 11% revenue growth and 13% adjusted EBITDA growth for 2007 on a pro forma(1) basis. In each of the four quarters of the year, we delivered double-digit revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth, reflecting our goal to achieve consistent results. Revenue generating units (RGUs) increased by 836,000 in the year, a 15% increase over RGU net additions in 2006. Our efforts to balance rate and volume led to a total average revenue per customer (total ARPU) increase of 13% over 2006. These results demonstrate the momentum in Charter's performance. As we manage the business with the goal of sustainable growth, we invest in the initiatives that generate the highest projected returns. In 2007, we made disciplined capital and operating investments across many areas of our business. Capital expenditures were approximately $1.2 billion, about 75% of which supported revenue-generating

$

0

Adjusted EBITDA Growth

$ 600 13.6%

11.0%

12.6% 10.4%

$ 400

$ 200

$

0 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q

2006 2007

Charter achieved double-digit pro forma growth in both revenue and adjusted EBITDA in each quarter of 2007.

2

charter commu n i c at i o n s , i n c .

activities, including customer premise equipment, line extensions and scalable infrastructure. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $1.2 billion in 2008 ­ consistent in total spend, but lower as a percentage of revenue ­ and like last year, we expect about 75% of the amount will support activities that generate revenue.

ever-increasing On Demand and high definition On Demand library, coupled with DVR, our video product offers customers choice and convenience.

The Bundle Drives Growth
The simplicity and value of the Bundle have become well understood by consumers. By offering two or three of our services combined, we deliver savings and convenience to our customers. The percentage of our customers in a bundle increased to 47% in 2007 from 40% in 2006. Telephone, our fastest growing service in 2007, is a major driving force behind the success of the Bundle, as 78% of our telephone customers at the end of the year were in a triple-play. Our Internet service offers a speed and reliability advantage over other providers. We offer up to 16 Mbps speeds in a number of markets now, and we are launching it in the majority of our markets in 2008. With an

Telephone, our fastest growing service in 2007, is a major driving force behind the success of the Bundle, as 78% of our telephone customers at the end of the year were in a triple-play.
Bundled Customers

47% 40% 34%

The percentage of our customers in a bundle increased to 47% in 2007 from 40% in 2006.
3

2005

2006

2007

Charter continues to increase the percentage of customers in a bundle.

Letter to stockholders

This business has clearly evolved from providing one service just a few years ago to providing multiple services over one advanced network. We plan to continue to leverage the Bundle to drive sustainable growth.

Marketing
Our marketing strategy has been to drive product growth by emphasizing the value of the Bundle and targeting the right customers with the right offers. With our data-driven marketing capabilities, we measure not only campaign response rates, but also the lifetime value of our customers to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing tactics. We believe our ability to modify, monitor and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns contributes to our success. In 2007, we increased our overall marketing spend by 32% over 2006, and increased marketing spend as a percent of revenue from 3% to 4%. In 2008, we expect to increase the amount we spend on targeted marketing.

Customer Care
The importance of providing a superior end-to-end customer experience cannot be overstated. And in an increasingly competitive environment, it is even more critical. We continue to improve our service capabilities by narrowing appointment windows to two and four hours, improving average time to repair and providing online, self help and chat capabilities. In 2007, our care center service levels improved considerably compared to 2006. Improving the customer experience will continue to be a major focus in 2008.

Financing
In order to invest in the business, drive the Bundle and improve the experience for our customers, we remain opportunistic as it relates to our capital structure. During 2007, we completed a number of transactions designed to extend maturities and enhance liquidity. As of December 31, 2007, availability under our revolving credit facility totaled approximately $1.0 billion, none of which was limited by covenant restrictions. We expect that cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities and the amounts available under our credit facilities will be adequate to meet our projected cash needs through the second or third quarter of 2009, and thereafter will not be sufficient to fund such needs. We will need to obtain additional sources of liquidity by early 2009.

We continue to improve our service capabilities by narrowing appointment windows, improving average time to repair and providing on-line, self help and chat capabilities.

4

charter commu n i c at i o n s , i n c .

Charter Business represents a significant opportunity in 2008 and beyond.
Charter Business
Charter BusinessTM provides broadband communications services to small and medium-sized businesses, including video and music entertainment, high-speed Internet, data networking and telephone services. Commercial telephone and the Charter Business Bundle® are now available in all telephone-enabled markets, and we have heightened our focus internally to leverage residential operations to gain cost efficiencies and accelerate commercial growth.

Charter Business represents a significant opportunity in 2008 and beyond.

Outlook
Our goal is to achieve consistent operating and financial performance. We expect to continue to make thoughtful and disciplined investments in our future. All of us at Charter are focused on keeping the Company's results moving in a positive direction. We remain optimistic about the future for Charter and the cable industry overall. We expect the Charter Bundle and Charter Business Bundle to be the primary platform for success in 2008, and we are encouraged about the prospects for Charter as we continue to deliver value and improve the experience for our customers. As always, we thank you for your confidence in the Company.

Sincerely,

Neil Smit
President and Chief Executive Officer

Paul G. Allen
Chairman

5

