to our shareholders
CIGNA's 2010 results were strong, with significant contributions from each of our ongoing businesses, powered by a team of 30,000 employees around the world. The CIGNA team is a source of pride as our employees fulfill the global goal of improving life and health for customers and communities everywhere they live and work.
David M. Cordani President and Chief Executive Officer

Our strong operational and financial achievements were made possible through the continued, effective execution of our three-pronged growth strategy to Go Deep, Go Global and Go Individual, which includes broadening our existing customer relationships and growing our global customer base. We are effectively executing on our growth strategy while maintaining high standards of service and clinical quality for our customers and clients.

2

Go Deep, simply put, means expanding our leadership in the targeted markets we currently serve, whether they are geographic, product or buyer segments. In the U.S., this strategy served us well as we ended 2010 with 11.4 million HealthCare customers, 3.6 percent higher than at year-end 2009. This customer growth was driven by our sales to mid-sized employers and companies with 51 ­ 250 employees, along with attractive growth in our Disability business. Outside the U.S., we achieved double-digit premium growth in our Health, Life and Accident business, and attractive growth in our Expatriate business. Go Global means building on our established global operations and capabilities in order to expand into new geographies with product lines and distribution channels that position us for additional profitable growth over the next three to five years. An example of this is the acquisition of Vanbreda International, a Belgium-based company with a strong foothold in the European expatriate market. This acquisition made us the largest provider of benefits to expatriates and other globally mobile individuals, with more than 700,000 customers. Go Global also means that we will leverage our broad set of capabilities across borders to meet emerging needs. New product launches in Spain, Korea and China further exemplify our global acceleration. Go Individual refers to the way we run our business ­ by focusing on the individual needs of everyone we serve, regardless of how he or she accesses coverage with us. We are learning from our experience within and outside the U.S., where we currently have approximately 6.5 million individual policies in force. Our introduction of a new Individual Private Medical Insurance product for expatriates and other globally mobile individuals is evidence of this strategy in action. WE ARE LEARNING FROM OUR EXPERIENCE WITHIN AND OUTSIDE THE U.S., WHERE WE CURRENTLY HAVE APPROXIMATELY 6.5 MILLION INDIVIDUAL POLICIES IN FORCE.

6.5M

THREE-PRONGED GROWTH STRATEGY

GO DEEP

GO GLOBAL

GO INDIVIDUAL

Letter to Our Shareholders 3

2 0 1 0 B u s i n e s s R e s u lt s Reflecting strong customer retention and new sales in each of our targeted market segments, consolidated revenues increased by 15 percent to $21.3 billion for full-year 2010, compared to $18.4 billion for full-year 2009. We achieved adjusted income from operations* of $1.3 billion, or $4.64 per share, reflecting robust earnings contributions from each of our ongoing businesses ­ HealthCare, Group Disability and Life, and International. In fact, adjusted income from operations increased by 16 percent in 2010, and we delivered strong revenue growth in each of our targeted markets. Shareholders' net $21.3 billion $18.4 billion $1.3 billion $1.1 billion income for full-year 2010 was $1.35 billion, or $4.89 per share. Within our U.S. HealthCare business, our results benefited from strong clinical outcomes and targeted customer growth as well as the industrywide impact of lower-than-expected medical cost trend. Approximately 90 percent of our medical customers are in self-insured or experience-rated business arrangements with us, meaning that lower medical costs directly benefit our corporate clients and their employees in these highly transparent programs. We have delivered very good organic membership growth for our HealthCare business. Specifically, we realized approximately 8 percent growth among mid-sized employers, and approximately 11 percent growth 2009 2010 2009 2010 among companies with 51 ­ 250 employees. These results demonstrate that our clients and customers recognize the value of our integrated product capabilities and programs that offer incentives for lowering costs by improving health. In our U.S. Group Disability and Life segment, our results show the direct benefit of our leading disability management programs. These programs help employees return to work faster, which increases workforce productivity, and importantly, drives cost savings for clients, (employers) and customers (employees). In delivering value to our employer clients, we achieved top-line growth of 10 percent in our Disability business last year. Adjusted Income from Operations Consolidated Revenue

* Adjusted income from operations is a non-GAAP financial measure used to describe the Company's financial results. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 33 of the Form 10-K included in this annual report.

4 Letter to Our Shareholders

Our International segment, which includes our Health, Life and Accident, and Expatriate Benefits businesses, delivered strong top-line growth of 21 percent, along with corresponding earnings growth. In this context, we are fully leveraging our established global network of more than 900,000 health care professionals and facilities, and our capabilities to expand into new geographies with differentiated products. Our presence across the globe allows our team to bring new products to market more quickly than others. The strategic acquisition of Vanbreda International further enhanced the growth prospects for our International Expatriate Benefits business.

C a p i ta l M a n ag e m e n t Overall, we continue to have a strong balance sheet and good financial flexibility. In 2010, we met our capital management goals. Specifically, we deployed more than $600 million of capital to fund the Vanbreda International acquisition; repurchased approximately 6.2 million shares of our stock on the open market for $200 million; made a meaningful contribution to our pension plan; and took advantage of the current interest rate environment to refinance a portion of our long-term debt with a substantially lower interest rate. Cash and short-term investments at the parent company were $810 million as of December 31, 2010. In 2010, we acquired Kronos Optimal Health to add to our suite of health coaching resources, and we sold our non-core Intracorp workers' compensation case management business. Both are examples of our steady progress toward our strategic goals. All in all, I feel very good about the strategic, operating and financial achievements we delivered in 2010.

CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS AT THE PARENT COMPANY WERE $810 MILLION AT DECEMBER 31, 2010.

$810 M

Im p r o v i n g H e a l t h Q u a l i t y w h i l e R e d u c i n g C o s t In today's rapidly evolving marketplace, there is an increasing need for programs and services that improve health quality while reducing cost. Our aim is to transform the delivery of health care to our customers. We are achieving this by improving engagement through technology, offering innovative health and wellness programs and collaborating with others to improve cost and health outcomes.

Letter to Our Shareholders 5

We provide information to help people make good decisions about their health, but we don't view our customers in terms of data and numbers. We see each customer as a complete individual. For example, in the U.S., we launched Chronic Care Support for mid-sized employers, a program that takes an integrated medical and lifestyle approach. This initiative enables our health coaches to access an individual's full health history so that they can understand the whole person and evaluate his or her health risks and conditions. The coach helps individuals develop a personal health plan specific to their complete health needs. A second initiative, "Better Health. OUR ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATIONS, IN WHICH WE STRENGTHEN PARTNERSHIPS     WITH PHYSICIANS, HOSPITALS AND THEIR  PATIENTS, IS ANOTHER  EXAMPLE OF A TOTAL Guaranteed.SM" is designed to help individuals at risk for diabetes, stroke, cancer and other illnesses. These risk factors will potentially comprise 85 percent of a company's health care costs in the next few years. Our Accountable Care Organizations are another example of a total health improvement approach that increases engagement, improves outcomes, and ultimately lowers cost by aligning information and financial incentives with health care professionals. CIGNA uses technology to provide more information to the primary care physicians responsible for monitoring and facilitating all aspects of an individual's medical care, in collaboration with a team that includes nurses and health educators. Today, we have more than 120,000 individuals and more than 1,000 physicians in Accountable Care Programs spanning 11 states. Recent results from one of our pilot programs are encouraging and show that our performance regarding gaps in care, which account for more than half of the errors and complications in medical care in the U.S., is 10 percent better for individuals in Accountable Care Organizations.

HEALTH IMPROVEMENT APPROACH THAT WE EMPLOY TO INCREASE ENGAGEMENT, IMPROVE HEALTH AND ULTIMATELY LOWER COST.

P o s i t i o n e d f o r S u cc e s s CIGNA's diversified portfolio of programs and innovative solutions in the U.S. and abroad enables us to meet changing customer and market needs today and in the future. Opportunities resulting from the reshaped regulatory environment brought about by health care reform within the U.S., as well as the increasingly global economy, are well-aligned with many of the long-standing strengths of our organization. For example, over the past decade, we have continued to build our International operation from the ground-up, featuring a unique direct-to-consumer distribution model in partnership with affinity groups such as banks.

6 Letter to Our Shareholders

Today, our global Health, Life and Accident business is well-established and thriving, consistently delivering double-digit, top- and bottom-line growth over the past several years, while maintaining strong profitability. This business is also poised to benefit from attractive growth opportunities, particularly with the emerging middle class in expanding economies around the world. We have demonstrated our ability to adapt in changing markets. A key part of our strategy is to pursue additional opportunities ­ beyond our current, well-established, market positions ­ in high-growth segments, with a particular emphasis on "retail," or individuals of all ages. We expect to harness our current capabilities to serve those markets in the future. One resource we will optimize is the vast expertise we have in our International operations, particularly in alternative distribution methods and supplemental market capabilities. We distribute our Health, Life and Accident products directly to individuals through telemarketing, direct response TV and the internet, rather than traditional captive broker or agent models. We have the unique ability to maximize our global expertise and capabilities in a wide range of health systems around the world.

A Final Word We enjoyed positive, forward momentum as we headed into 2011, and I am confident in our ability to achieve our full-year 2011 strategic, financial and operating goals. I believe our diversified portfolio of businesses enables us to effectively meet evolving customer and market needs ­ today and in the future. This is a time of extraordinary change and extraordinary opportunity. All of us at CIGNA are excited about the road ahead, guided by our mission to improve the health, well-being and sense of security of those we serve and our commitment to deliver outstanding value to our shareholders. I want to thank every CIGNA professional for the outstanding contributions they made toward our successful 2010, and you, our shareholders, for the confidence you have placed in us through your investment.

Letter to Our Shareholders 7

