letter to our

shareholders

In 2007, CIGNA marked the 25th anniversary of its formation through the merger of INA ­ a multiline insurance company that traces its roots back to 1792 ­ and Connecticut General, a life and health insurance company organized in 1865. While 25 years is only a brief period compared to the longevity of CIGNA's predecessor companies, CIGNA has substantially transformed itself and its mission in that time frame. More on that later in this letter. First, our financial results.
H. Edward Hanway CIGNA Corporation Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Financial overview
CIGNA turned in a strong financial performance last year. Our adjusted income from operations was $1.14 billion, or $3.96 per share, compared with $1.06 billion, or $3.15 per share, in 2006. Revenue was $17.6 billion, versus $16.5 billion in 2006.

Each of our business segments contributed to these outstanding results. CIGNA HealthCare, our largest business, achieved a 5 percent increase in membership through organic growth ­ that is, membership gained through new business. We boosted membership another 3 percent and added distribution capabilities through the acquisition of Sagamore Health

$1.14 $1.06

Network, Inc. Combined with our strong medical cost management and specialty health care services, pricing discipline and effective expense management, this growth helped HealthCare achieve adjusted segment earnings of $679 million, versus

Adjusted income in billions

2006 2007

$653 million in 2006.

2

CIGNA Group Insurance ­ our Disability, Life & Accident operation ­ posted another year of industry-leading profit margins and revenue growth, with adjusted segment earnings of $248 million, compared to $226 million in 2006. Group's gains were based largely on the strength of our disability prevention and return-to-work programs, as well as our ability to integrate disability and health care plans to better manage absences, cut costs and improve productivity for our customers.

Health care environment
In today's challenging health care environment, the debate over health care reform has intensified at the national level as this year's presidential election draws closer. CIGNA has been active in this debate, working with industry and business groups, as well as legislators, to develop concrete, sustainable solutions. It's our belief that every American should have access to a basic level of affordable, quality health care coverage. We believe:

$17.6 $16.5

The employment-based benefits system should remain the foundation on which to build solutions for the future. It's already in place, and it works well for the 160 million people covered through workplace plans. A value-driven market ­ in which care

Revenue in billions

2006 2007

providers are rewarded based on the quality, affordability and access they provide ­ is the best framework around which to improve

CIGNA International reported adjusted segment earnings of $174 million ­ up 26 percent over 2006 earnings from this segment. International continues to provide cost-effective health and wellness solutions for expatriate employees, as well as supplemental health and life products to individuals in markets around the globe.

quality and remove cost from the system. We can also improve quality and lower costs by applying nationally recognized

3

quality measures to both private and public programs. Making information on procedures, outcomes, prices, and patient satisfaction available and understandable to consumers will help them make better decisions that improve their health and save them money. Along with providing cost and quality information, we believe in the importance of helping people understand their health coverage in general, including how coverage decisions are made and how they can derive the most from their benefits. CIGNA is active in communications both internally and through leading industry trade groups. A proactive, integrated, patient-centric approach that engages individuals and gives them financial accountability and incentives for maintaining their health is the best way to control costs. When consumers have the motivation, the tools and the access to improve their own health ­ when they truly understand the costs and can control their own health care spending ­ they make choices that help them lead healthier lives.

We need to change the industry's focus from one of fixing problems after they occur to one that promotes prevention and wellness. Preventive care and wellness initiatives are investments in the health of our citizens and the economic well-being of our nation. In short, CIGNA advocates a value-based health care system that makes access to care universal... fosters and rewards quality... supports better decision-making and makes care more affordable by educating consumers to the true costs and quality of care. How far and how fast the country will move in this direction remains to be seen. But with or without reform, CIGNA will continue to champion a value-based system, putting our beliefs into action through a variety of measures designed to increase access to and the quality of health services we deliver, while also reducing costs. The products and services that support an individual's active engagement in his or her own health are an important example of this. It's through our account-based products ­ in which people use health reimbursement arrangements and health savings accounts to fund their portion of health care coverage ­ that we provide all of the services required to help support individual decision-making.

WHEN CONSUMERS HAVE THE MOTIVATION, THE TOOLS AND THE ACCESS TO IMPROVE THEIR OWN HEALTH ­ THEY MAKE CHOICES THAT HELP THEM LEAD HEALTHIER LIVES.

4

letter to our

shareholders

These plans are often referred to as "consumerdriven" or "consumer-directed" health plans. In 2006, we released the findings of our study on these account-based plans, one of the largest, most sophisticated studies of its kind conducted to date. This study compared costs for first-time enrollees in the CIGNA Choice Fund® ­ our portfolio of account-based programs ­ to costs for those with traditional CIGNA health plans. We updated that study in 2007 with an additional year of data. When we analyzed the results, we found that medical costs for first-year CIGNA members with accountbased plans were 12 percent lower relative to CIGNA HMO and PPO members, and 5 percent lower for second-year members relative to CIGNA HMO and PPO members. First-year member preventive visits increased and second-year member visits were significantly higher than those among traditional plan members. Finally, medication compliance improved, while related costs decreased. This study confirms our belief that an approach combining consumer engagement and health advocacy improves quality of

care and outcomes as it reduces costs. It also demonstrates that CIGNA is pursuing the right strategy in its evolution to a health service company. Some background on this evolution...

CIGNA Choice Fund® medical costs 1st year member 2nd year member

5% lower 12% lower

Evolution to health service
Over the course of our first quarter-century, rather than continuing as a "jack of all trades," CIGNA moved away from its origin as a multiline insurer. We chose to focus on those markets where we could add the most value for customers and shareholders by doing what we do best in the area of health and related benefits. This evolution began with the sale of the company's property-casualty and individual life operations, freeing CIGNA to concentrate on employee benefits. Some years later, the retirement business was sold as CIGNA's focus narrowed to health and group life and disability insurance. Most recently, we further refined our mission, setting our course to become the nation's premier health service company.

5

letter to our

shareholders

There's a critical difference between a health insurer that pays claims for treatment after an illness has developed and a health service company that proactively promotes prevention and wellness. CIGNA strives to be the latter, engaging every person we serve in improving his or her health, well-being and security. It's the right thing to do... and it differentiates us from the competition, creating a sustainable advantage for our company. These efforts are reinforced by our partnership with the University of Michigan Health Management Research Center, which gives us access to the latest predictive modeling and risk assessment tools, and exclusive access to their analytics. We use these capabilities to identify the medical, social, environmental and occupational factors that inhibit good health and lead to illness. We're breaking new ground on this front, addressing the root causes of poor and less-than-optimal health, essentially to enhance the quality of life for the people we serve and in the communities where they live and work. Ultimately, we believe that giving people the information, tools and support

they need to improve their health is a powerful and sustainable way to remove costs from the system while maintaining the highest quality of care for members. We know, too, that it makes for a healthier bottom line for customers and strong results for our shareholders.

Our quest to be best
This approach has been the key to our success to date, strengthening our position in all of the markets in which we currently compete and enabling us to extend our capabilities into promising new segments, such as small groups, individuals and seniors, and the market for voluntary coverages. We are focused on continually enhancing our products to expand customers' choices; developing new tools and programs to make us more effective in our role as health advocates; and providing new service options and greater access for consumers. For example, in 2007: We expanded our range of health benefits and products, and increased access to care in Indiana and parts of Kentucky and Ohio by acquiring Sagamore Health Network, Inc., the largest leased health care provider network in Indiana. Sagamore's preferred provider network added approximately 9,400 primary care physicians; 26,600 specialists; 1,100 ancillary providers; and 210 hospitals to our network.

6

We also reached an agreement to acquire Great-West Healthcare, with a network of approximately 4,275 hospitals and more than 575,000 physicians and ancillary providers, primarily in the western United States. Great-West's offerings are especially attractive to small- to mid-sized businesses seeking flexible funding options. In New York, we were the first in our industry to work with the Attorney General's office to develop a new model to assess doctor quality and costs. We introduced new lifestyle management programs aimed at weight and stress management and tobacco cessation, providing individuals with access to a personal coach to help them make healthier choices. Within CIGNA, implementing these programs for our own employees led to our 2007 Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles award from the National Business Group on Health, recognizing our company as a leader in promoting a healthy lifestyle for our employees. For the sixth consecutive year, CIGNA HealthCare's scores surpassed the Quality Compass® national average. We also exceeded the average of all national competitors for the majority of preventive

and chronic care measures used by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) in accrediting health care plans. CIGNA HealthCare received the NCQA's Recognizing Innovation in Multicultural Health Care Award for adding more ethnic practitioners to the network, collecting additional diversity information on a voluntary basis from practitioners to share with members, and starting an open access model for routine outpatient behavioral care. CIGNA Group Insurance expanded vocational rehabilitation services for disability customers to provide an even greater range of support for those individuals trying to re-enter the job market. We also introduced a new identity theft program for accident customers and made will preparation, counseling and other assistance available as part of life and accident coverage.

COMBINING CONSUMER ENGAGEMENT AND HEALTH ADVOCACY RAISES THE BAR FOR QUALITY AS IT REDUCES COSTS.

7

Intracorp, our case management operation, which is nationally accredited for its workers' compensation services, received additional accreditation for disability case management. Now in its 37th year of operation, Intracorp helps employers enhance productivity and reduce benefit costs. CIGNA International marked its 20th anniversary of operations in Korea and Hong Kong while continuing to set its sights on growth opportunities in Asia Pacific and certain European markets. We also introduced new retiree benefits for employers with coverage for expatriate employees. As part of CIGNA's commitment to the communities in which we live and work, the CIGNA Foundation supported a variety of organizations dedicated to improving health and well-being. To highlight just a few, we: Continued our long-standing support for the March of Dimes® with a $1.6 million contribution in 2007 from CIGNA and our

employees to help raise awareness of the importance of prenatal health. In 2008, we are collaborating with the March of Dimes to address the special pregnancy health challenges faced by African-American women. Mobilized across the country for the CIGNA 2007 Health Awareness Tour to emphasize in the community the importance of healthy living. Nearly a hundred CIGNA riders, supported by hundreds of CIGNA employees, pedaled a combined total of more than 3,000 miles on seven longdistance "bike hikes" over a two-week period. The goal: to demonstrate a commitment to adopting a healthier lifestyle and encourage people to become more engaged in improving their own health. Promoted the community service ideals of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. by making a million dollar commitment to building a national memorial in Washington, D.C. and, closer to home, created the Philadelphia Young Dreamers program. This CIGNA "first" honored 10 youths (and their nominating partners) who are making a difference in the Philadelphia community.

WE NEED TO CHANGE THE INDUSTRY'S FOCUS FROM ONE OF FIXING PROBLEMS AFTER THEY OCCUR TO ONE THAT PROMOTES PREVENTION AND WELLNESS.

8

letter to our

shareholders

Provided a grant of a million dollars to the Wye River Group on Healthcare, a neutral, non-partisan group dedicated to constructive change in health care, to create the Global Knowledge Exchange Network to help improve health care in the United States and industrialized nations. Staged a forum on health literacy in Hartford, which brought together national experts to help the community understand diversity issues relating to people's ability to understand and act on health information.

and believe that doing this exceedingly well will enable us to achieve attractive growth. I'd note, too, that winning in today's benefits marketplace is not just about having more programs, products or services ­ although that's certainly important. It's also about the humanity of what we do. CIGNA's people see life through the eyes of those we serve. This helps us act with a sense of purpose and urgency in identifying and meeting customer needs. I think our combination of capabilities and compassion is unique ­ a winning differentiator in an industry that, for too long, has relied on "me-too" products and service. That human touch is what enables us to truly engage individuals in managing their health... and effectively advocate for their well-being. As a health service company, we're understanding people and involving them in improving their health, well-being and security... providing consistent, reliable service at a competitive cost... and lowering costs for the health care system as a whole. And, in so doing, we're producing a superior return on investment for our shareholders. Sincerely,

2008 outlook
Looking ahead, CIGNA is well positioned for profitable growth in 2008 and beyond. We make this assertion for good reason: We lead the industry in clinical capabilities, innovative benefits programs and our ability to engage people in their health. Our health and related benefits businesses are strategically linked, and all have attractive growth prospects. As a health service company, we are focused on improving the health of the individuals we serve

H. Edward Hanway Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

9

