 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
      2012:
ANOTHER STRONG YEAR FOR CIGNA
In 2012, the breadth and depth of our customer insights, coupled with our focused strategy and strong operating performance, led to another successful year for Cigna.
We continued to invest fully in understanding evolving customer needs around the world.
At the heart of our customer awareness and appreciation is our belief that health is intensely personal for each individual we serve, and
that well-being is interwoven with a sense of security and a supportive community.
A Track Record of Success
Three years ago, we embarked on a bold, long-term strategy for Cigna, with three fundamental goals, to:
1 ) Reposition our portfolio for growth in target markets;
2) Improve our strategic and financial flexibility; and
3) Pursue new opportunities in high-growth markets, with a particular focus on individuals.
2011 2012
ADJUSTED INCOME FROM OPERATIONS* $1,361 $1,734 in millions
We’ve stayed true to this direction, guided by our strategy of “Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual,” and in 2012 we once again delivered strong results against each of our goals by:
• Growingourglobalcustomerrelationshipsto approximately 75 million people while increasing our global medical customer base to more than 14 million – all while delivering solid results in each of our ongoing businesses.
• Further improving our strategic and financial flexibility, with continued delivery of significant free cash flow and strong return on capital from each
of our businesses – positioning us well to further enhance value in 2013 and beyond.
• Continuingtodeepenourpresenceinexisting geographies, customer segments and product lines, as demonstrated by our new joint ventures in Turkey and India; and to pursue important
new opportunities, most notably finalizing our acquisition of HealthSpring, a best-in-class operator in the growing seniors segment, which added more than one million new customer relationships and drove much of our revenue growth.
4
     
 As a result, 2012 was our third consecutive year of strong growth, and we are pleased with the value we delivered
to our customers, clients and investors. Our consolidated revenues were $29.1 billion, an increase of 33 percent over 2011. Our adjusted income from operations* was $1.73 billion in 2012, compared to $1.36 billion the previous year. This equates to $5.99 per share in 2012 – which represents per share growth of 21 percent over 2011. Cigna’s shareholders net income for full-year 2012 was $1.62 billion – a 29 percent increase over full-year 2011.
In the three years since implementing our “Go Go Go” strategy, we’ve delivered compound annual growth of nearly 17 percent for revenues and nearly 15 percent for adjusted income from operations* on a per share basis.
Global Health Care premiums and fees grew by 45 percent compared to full-year 2011 to $21 billion,
and full-year adjusted income from operations* was approximately $1.5 billion, representing 34 percent growth. This growth was prompted by several factors: primarily by contributions from HealthSpring, as well as strong organic customer growth in our Commercial business and the penetration of our specialty products through our Administrative Services Only (ASO) business.
Global Supplemental Benefits
Cigna’s Global Supplemental Benefits segment – which provides supplemental health, life, and accident insurance, including Medicare supplemental coverage,
Further, our capital deployment strategy remains focused around several core tenets, including supporting our ongoing businesses with the adequate capital to grow; pursuing mergers, acquisitions and partnerships to accelerate our growth and create strategic competitive differentiation; and returning capital to our shareholders.
2012 Business Segment Results
Each of Cigna’s business segments performed well in 2012. Overall, these financial and operating results reflect strong organic revenue and earnings contributions from each of our ongoing businesses, as evidenced by our high customer retention rates, continued expansion of existing customer relationships and success in winning new relationships, whether they are with individual customers, employers, or governments.
Here are our 2012 performance highlights by business segment:
Global Health Care
Our Global Health Care segment – which provides health care, wellness and preventive solutions to individuals and employers around the world – was the primary driver of our results, with strong performance in both our Commercial and Seniors businesses.
We ended 2012 with approximately 14 million global medical customers, representing growth of 1.4 million medical customers during the year – of which one million represented organic growth.
in the U.S. and in foreign markets – continues to deliver attractive growth and profitability.
Premiums and fees in this segment grew by 30 percent in 2012 compared to full-year 2011, driven by strong customer retention and growth as well as contributions from our recent acquisitions, including Great American Supplemental Benefits.
Our full-year adjusted income from operations* in this segment was $148 million, representing a 48 percent increase over 2011.
Group Disability and Life
Our Group Disability and Life segment – which provides group disability, life, and accident insurance products – delivered solid results, considering the challenging economic environment. Group premiums and fees increased by nine percent in 2012 over full-year 2011, while our full-year adjusted income from operations* decreased by three percent, to $281 million.
2011 2012
CONSOLIDATED REVENUES
in billions
     $21.9 $29.1
5
    
 Remaining Operations
Our remaining operations – including operations in run off – reported a combined adjusted loss from operations* of $175 million in 2012. Our early-2013 agreement
with Berkshire Hathaway to effectively exit our run
off reinsurance businesses creates improved financial flexibility, eliminates volatility and enables us to better focus on our ongoing health and related businesses.
Continued Success in a Dynamic Global Business Environment
As we look forward, and assess the transforming economic and regulatory environment, we see good opportunities for continued innovation and growth. Demographic shifts and economic pressures are creating a search for solutions – especially in the health care sector, where the need to improve health quality and provide affordable care is prompting a number of legislative and regulatory activities – including in the U.S., where health care reform is well underway. We are well prepared to continue our success by going deep in our existing markets and selectively expanding our operations.
As we’ve already seen, the organizations that excel will be those best equipped to act strategically, nimbly and with laser focus. Our agility in this environment, in large part, comes from the degree to which we have successfully distinguished ourselves as a global health service company, set apart from traditional health insurance companies.
This transformation began several years ago as we pioneered the health service model and determined that our relationships with customers must go deeper than paying claims. Our thousands of nurses, health coaches, case managers, health educators and other allied health professionals form the backbone of a health service approach that promotes prevention, helps customers stay well, and understands how to help each customer on a one-to-one basis – a capability we’ve bolstered significantly through our acquisition of HealthSpring, which provides us with a best-in-class physician engagement model that complements our path to build collaborative provider relationships.
Our success also comes from the ability to apply the breadth of our expertise across a diverse global portfolio of businesses. By orienting ourselves around customer segments and solutions, rather than geographies, we can take advantage of our distribution and service delivery capabilities, more effectively execute our strategy, and capitalize on market opportunities for the benefit of our customers and clients. For example, we can now better serve our global employers and better serve our individual customers both internationally and in the growing seniors segment in the United States. In one specific example,
we learned from our U.S. dental operation how to create a dental product that has become one of the fastest-growing products in South Korea, to the direct benefit of our customers in that country.
Cigna’s Critical Differentiators
Cigna has the scale, experience and talent to continue being successful in developed, developing and emerging markets as we leverage three critical differentiators.
The first is putting our customers at the center of everything we do, aided by deep analytical insights that allow us to better understand their needs. Customer-supporting technologies are a major part
of the integrated, tailored programs we bring to our customers to empower them to make more informed health care decisions. More than “apps for the sake
of apps” or technology for the sake of technology, these programs are at the forefront of the support we bring, and are serious investments to keep our customers healthy, which ultimately saves on medical costs.
For example, in 2012, we enhanced myCigna.com to provide pricing and quality information on doctors
and hospitals for more than 200 medical procedures – representing 80 percent of customer claims – based on the customer’s health plan and available health account funds. We also recently introduced four healthy living mobile phone applications designed to help our customers eat right, exercise, get enough sleep and manage stress.
6
    
 Second, we use our understanding of our customers’ needs to identify the right products for the right customers at the right time – which we refer to as consultative selling and distribution. Among other areas, this plays a critical role in Cigna’s ability to effectively address and capitalize on the growing market opportunities presented by globally mobile individuals and employers, whose evolving needs require the power, collaboration and flexibility of the Cigna network of more than one million health care professionals worldwide.
A third differentiator is our best-in-class physician engagement and partnership programs, which improve health care quality and overall affordability.
low-income seniors live in unsafe housing, we worked with a Habitat for Humanity program to renovate homes. Similarly, in Taiwan, Cigna helped to provide health
and social services to disabled seniors living in poverty. These are just a few of the ways that the Cigna team strives to be a force for good around the world.
Cigna was also proud to be recognized in 2012 by the Alzheimer’s Association for our service and philanthropy in the fight against Alzheimer’s disease.
Looking Ahead: 2013 and Beyond
In the United States, Cigna continues to strengthen our physician partnerships through our rapidly growing number of collaborative accountable care initiatives spanning 22 states – which, when combined with our HealthSpring seniors programs, are already serving nearly one million customers. We view our physician engagement strategy as a critical aspect of improving health outcomes and affordability while expanding the rewards for top-performing physicians and health systems. Cigna’s physician relationships increase
the likelihood that individuals get health screenings and refill prescriptions, reduce their use of hospital emergency rooms, increase their preventive health visits and improve follow-up care for those transitioning
from the hospital to home – encouraging better quality of care and a more affordable outcome.
In Our Communities
Just as important as Cigna’s strategy and financial results is the value our global team delivers every day to help the people we serve. In a noteworthy milestone, the Cigna Foundation celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2012, and has given $220 million to worthy causes in
its first five decades.
Our employees stepped up time and again in 2012 to help communities whose needs are as varied as they are great. For example, our employees raised funds for victims’ families immediately after the tragic Sandy Hook, Connecticut school shooting. In Shanghai, where
As we look forward to 2013 and beyond and assess
the transforming global economic and regulatory environment, we are confident that our strong product portfolio, financial flexibility and ability to create new opportunities in target geographies will continue to create solid growth for Cigna.
We are prepared to build on the progress and investments we’ve made in the past three years since implementing our “Go Go Go” strategy. Our company comprises more than 35,000 people around the world who are proud and passionate about our customers and our mission. We’re excited about the future. Cigna’s clarity of direction, focus and outstanding team – together with the powerful belief in the potential of each customer – give us a rock-solid foundation for continued success. Thank you for your confidence and investment in us.
David M. Cordani
President and Chief Executive Officer
* Adjusted income (loss) from operations is a non-GAAP measure used to describe the Company’s financial results. A definition of adjusted income from operations along with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on page 35 of the Form 10-K included in this annual report.
 7
    