 David M. Cordani
President and Chief Executive Officer Cigna Corporation
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In 2016, we continued to build on our numerous successes of the past seven years, growing our number of customer relationships to more than 94 million, and delivering differentiated value with innovative solutions – including some new offerings – that drive even greater levels of quality, affordability and personalization.
At the same time, our focused and time-tested
“Go Deep, Go Global, Go Individual” strategy continues
to drive growth and strong financial results for the benefit of our customers, clients, partners, communities and shareholders around the world. As a result, I am confident we are well-positioned to continue driving innovation, further strengthen our global capabilities, and deliver sustained value as we look to the future.
Our journey toward a more sustainable health care system is what originally motivated our proposed combination with Anthem, as we sought to further expand choice, improve affordability and quality, and accelerate value-based care programs. In the second half of 2016, the Department of Justice sued to prevent our
merger with Anthem and, as I write this in early 2017, the federal district court has enjoined the proposed Cigna- Anthem merger and litigation continues.
Throughout the merger process, we continued to invest in our businesses, and continued contingency planning for other potential paths, if necessary – including a sovereign path.
Cigna’s attractive, ongoing free cash flow generation
and exceptionally strong capital position – coupled with the strength of our diversified businesses, differentiated capabilities and culture of innovation – give us confidence that we have a clear path ahead to continue creating value in the marketplace for customers, clients
and shareholders.
We now eagerly and optimistically look to Cigna’s future, and to leading the health care industry in consumer engagement, supporting our customers through their diverse life and health stages, and contributing to a more sustainable health care system.
   3

2016 PERFORMANCE
In the face of considerable market disruptions, as well as uncharacteristic challenges in the first half of the year for two of our historically well-performing businesses that pressured this year’s earnings,
Cigna concluded 2016 with strong momentum, and remains in a solid position to drive attractive earnings and customer growth, both in 2017 and over the long-term.
Cigna’s 2016 full-year consolidated revenues increased by 5 percent to $39.7 billion. We delivered shareholders’ net income for 2016 of $1.9 billion or $7.19 per share and adjusted income from operations* of $2.1 billion or $8.10 per share.
These results reflect continued, effective execution of our strategic framework implemented seven years ago. Over this period, we have achieved compound annual growth of 12 percent for revenues, as well
as 10 percent for adjusted income from operations per share.* Our ability to create ongoing value has driven Cigna’s stock performance to deliver a total shareholder return of 280 percent from 2009 to 2016.
Looking ahead, we remain committed to achieving average annual adjusted income from operations* per share growth of 10 percent to 13 percent over the long-term.
Following are details on the performance of our business segments in 2016.
Global Health Care
Cigna’s Global Health Care business segment delivers health care, wellness and preventive products and services through medical and specialty solutions for individual customers and employer clients on a global basis. 2016 premiums and fees grew 3 percent to $27.7 billion over full-year 2015, with adjusted income from operations* of $1.85 billion reflecting strong performance in our Commercial Employer business as well as customer growth.
This strong performance is evident in the growth of our medical customer base of approximately 200,000 during the year to a total of 15.2 million customers. Together with our provider partners, we are better anticipating and addressing the needs of our customers resulting in high levels of retention and acquisition.
 “Cigna concluded 2016 with strong momentum, and remains in a solid position to drive attractive earnings and customer growth, both in 2017 and over the long-term.”
   4 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

We also continued to deliver medical costs that reflect better health outcomes and strong clinical excellence for our customers and clients. Key to this achievement are the deep collaborative relationships we foster and grow with our incented physician partners, supported by our continued focus on the personalization of care.
Our deep portfolio of solutions is highly localized, designed for affordability, and well-complemented by physician engagement models that emphasize value over volume of services.
Within our Seniors business, we made progress with our Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services remediation efforts, and are in the latter stages of audit response work relative to our Medicare Advantage offerings. We are highly focused on emerging with an even stronger Seniors business and portfolio of solutions that is well-positioned for sustained growth.
Global Supplemental Benefits
Cigna’s Global Supplemental Benefits segment continues to deliver strong value in supplemental health, life and accident solutions to a growing number of customers in markets around the world.
Customer insights, marketing capabilities and direct- to-consumer distribution help fuel the expansion of
our product offerings, and drive their reach in key geographies and growth markets in Asia, Europe and
the United States. Illustrative examples of this in 2016 included Cigna’s HealthFirst Elite Medical Plan, named “Most Innovative Product” finalist at the Hong Kong Insurance Awards, transformative technology capabilities in our global markets, and launch of Cigna Virtual Health in the United Kingdom – a new health and well-being app which allows employers to help their employees navigate to better health through personalized tools and coaching.
Attractive growth and profitability last year was reflected in 2016 premiums and fees growth of 10
percent – excluding the impact of foreign currency movements – to $3.2 billion, and adjusted income from operations* of $294 million.
Group Disability and Life
Cigna’s Group Disability, Life and Accident insurance operations deliver leading sense-of-security offerings and innovative programs to optimize productivity for employers and individuals.
Our 2016 results, with premiums and fees increasing 4 percent over 2015, to $4.1 billion and full-year adjusted income from operations* of $125 million, reflect business growth across our disability and
life products, ongoing stabilization of life claims,
and improved disability results as the claim process modifications made in early 2016 continued to mature.
Our disability absence management model reduces overall costs to employers, while our integration
of disability products with medical and specialty offerings promotes health and wellness and optimizes employee productivity. As a leader in helping employees return to work quickly, we also are delivering a better quality of life to the individuals
we serve.
ADDRESSING CUSTOMER NEEDS
Importantly, our focus continues to be squarely on delivering value for our customers and clients as a very dynamic marketplace continues to evolve both in the United States and around the globe.
The core issues that are pressuring health care markets broadly are arising from the same market forces pressuring the status quo of all health care systems in the world.
Aging populations, eroding health status and the rise of chronic conditions pose challenges for health care consumers individually, as well as society at-large.
5

Cigna President and CEO David M. Cordani speaks at the Washington Post’s “Addiction in America” forum in Washington D.C. last year.
    And these forces are contributing to increasing demand for greater access to health care and sense of security offerings that are both affordable and of high quality.
Our proven strategy is delivering value as we help the people we serve maintain and improve their health as well as meet accelerated demand for programs that are more personalized and designed for the local marketplace with high quality, affordable care.
We are achieving this through a combination
of solutions and partnerships to better connect individuals and health care professionals, resulting in improved health and well-being – and better value.
We are incentivizing, engaging and supporting the individuals we serve to drive healthy actions and behaviors. At the same time, we are deepening collaboration with health care professionals and supply-chain partners with leading-edge strategic alliances, incentive programs and value-based arrangements, as well as effective information sharing and targeted point-of-care resource support.
Our efforts, supported by innovative tools and capabilities, are resulting in greater rewards for health care partners and further value for our customers as we better anticipate and meet these emerging needs.
Our powerful set of solutions demonstrates that the best value comes from engaging, incentivizing and supporting individuals and enabling health care professionals with shared resources and value-based rewards, all delivered through highly-localized, integrated solutions.
BUILDING COLLABORATIVE RELATIONSHIPS, DRIVING INNOVATION
At Cigna, we are continuing to enhance affordability and quality through ongoing investments in value-based care and partnering with health care professionals to be able to deliver better value.
While we have delivered substantial innovation to date, we recognize that we are still on a journey to continuing to evolve our capabilities and Collaborative Accountable Care (CAC) relationships.
Our approach reflects a consultative capacity to make sure that the right tools, processes and capabilities are in place to foster greater collaboration between individuals and health care professional partners.
All of this is with the objective of improving quality for the benefit of the individual by finding the proper alignment. We also continue to grow capabilities to share the right actionable information with our health care professional partners to be able to effectuate decisions.
And in order to empower health care professionals and assist with point-of-care decision making, we broaden support through care extension resources – nurses, case managers, health coaches, behaviorists and pharmacists – to allow more comprehensive population health and care coordination.
6 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Our more mature CACs are especially high-performing. These better-than-market results include a 30 percent reduction in emergency room utilization and an over
60 percent reduction in hospital readmission rates, illustrating better continuity and coordination of services and programs for the benefit of their patients, and
our customers.
Today, we have nearly 250 collaborative arrangements across large physician, and specialty practices, spanning 31 states, and partner in incented-payment models with a growing number of hospital systems.
To enable greater emphasis on preventive care and improve quality and value, we are forming partnerships in the form of delivery system alliances to closely align clinical teams including nurse care coordinators, case managers and health coaches.
We then further integrate them within the health care delivery process to create a more seamless experience for our customers, and a more coordinated health care system.
Innovative solutions
Cigna also emphasizes the delivery of new, innovative solutions to the marketplace, with two recent examples being Cigna One Guide® and Cigna SureFitTM.
Cigna One Guide is a multi-modal service experience, powered by analytics, that proactively engages customers to stay healthy, eliminate surprises and save money. Combining the convenience of a smart, integrated digital app with the expertise and empathy of human touch, this differentiating solution provides access to guided consultations via phone, web, a mobile app or chat.
Our Cigna SureFit solution heightens collaboration between local physician networks and hospital groups to help drive efficiency and create a more personalized experience. This product creates an optimized network
configuration and benefit design to best meet the personalized needs of the customer. Clients receive substantial savings thanks to a lower total cost of care, as well as embedded behavioral, pharmacy and population health solutions that are fully integrated into our offerings. All of this is coupled with a higher level of personalization and customer support, and is enabling an easier, more efficient administrative experience for our clients.
CONCLUSION: WE GO BEYOND TO DELIVER ON OUR MISSION
We are proud of what we have accomplished at Cigna, with a strong track record of top-line and bottom-
line growth, industry-leading medical cost trend and competitively attractive shareholder returns.
Our mission – to improve the health, well-being,
and sense of security of the individuals we serve – is unchanged, and it will continue to guide our overall strategy and how we deliver value for our customers, clients, partners and communities – including
our shareholders.
Additionally, as a global health service company, our success depends on earning trust through responsible business practices, corporate citizenship and providing superior services that meet our customers’ individual needs. Inspired by our mission, the philanthropic work of the Cigna Foundation creates partnerships to positively impact the health of people where they live and work.
Our World of Difference grant partners are working
to address complex health and social needs for those experiencing health disparities. Recognizing that health outcomes are driven by multiple factors, including age, race, ethnicity, economic status and other factors, this important work strives to create systems that address the needs of individuals and gives everyone an equal opportunity to achieve their best health.
7

 BEYOND
STANDARD
The organization also remains committed to heightening awareness around health and wellness challenges affecting our communities.
For example, in 2016, Cigna and the Cigna Foundation launched a multi-city cross-country Health Improvement Tour to bring free health screenings to communities nationwide so people can learn their blood pressure, blood sugar, cholesterol and body mass index (BMI), the four key numbers for managing and taking control of their health.
Cigna also staked a leadership role in the effort to reduce America’s dependence on opioids, starting with a commitment to cut the use of those drugs among Cigna customers by 25 percent. To date, 60 physician groups, representing more than 40,000 physicians, have signed on to join Cigna
in this pledge.
I would like to thank you for your ongoing interest in our Company. Together, along with my more than 40,000 Cigna colleagues who embody our mission and execute on our strategy every day, we are delivering value with a clear path forward to create sustainable value over the years ahead. As we enter 2017, we look forward to your continued partnership as, together, we go beyond for our customers, our clients, our partners, our communities and our shareholders in a shared future of success.
David M. Cordani
President and Chief Executive Officer Cigna Corporation
 8 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
