To Our Shareholders:
  Property Casualty Net Earned Premium (Dollars in millions)
 Personal lines Commercial lines
2,653 2,391
2,073 1,828
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004
 2,919
           Property casualty net earned premiums increased 10.0 percent in 2004. Measuring premiums on the statutory basis commonly used for industry comparison, net written premiums rose 6.5 percent, and the company continued its track record of outpacing industry growth, which was estimated at
4.8 percent for the year.
Your company has never been stronger. This is true for our financial condition and results as well as business operations and prospects.
Financially, most performance measures surpassed last year’s all-time highs. 2004 was a record-setting year in terms of assets, shareholders’ equity, book value, revenues, profits from insurance underwriting, income from
our investment portfolio and net income.
Assets stood at $16.107 billion at year-end. Strong earnings more than offset lower unrealized gains in the investment portfolio, taking shareholders’ equity to
$6.249 billion, or a book value of $37.38 per share, up from year-end 2003’s $6.204 billion, or $36.85 per share.
Net income for 2004 rose $210 million to $584 million, or $3.44 per diluted share, including net realized investment gains of 36 cents per share. Total revenues advanced 13.6 percent to $3.614 billion, with total earned premiums up
9.9 percent to $3.020 billion; pretax investment income up 5.7 percent to $492 million; and pretax realized investment gains of $91 million.
Those 2004 results benefited from profitable current-year
underwriting and a higher than normal level of favorable development of prior-year loss reserves, including the release of reserves for uninsured/ underinsured motorist (UM/UIM) losses following an Ohio Supreme Court decision late in 2003. Overall, pretax property casualty underwriting profits totaled $298 million.
On a statutory basis, our combined ratio improved to 89.4 percent versus an estimated 97.6 percent industrywide, and net written premiums grew 6.5 percent versus 4.8 percent estimated industry growth.
Learn More:
See Form 10-K Page 31
Aside from the atypically high release of reserves into 2004 earnings, your company is working toward similar solid operating results in 2005. We anticipate mid-single-digit growth of property casualty premiums and a combined ratio in the range of 91 percent. This estimate counts on a return to more typical levels
of favorable reserve development and catastrophe losses, which also were higher than usual in 2004. And with plans to allocate new investment dollars to fixed-income securities through the first half of the year, we estimate that the 2005 growth rate of pretax
investment income may again be in the range of 5 percent to 6 percent.
The impact of these anticipated strong operating trends will be tempered in 2005 by the adoption of option expensing and slightly higher interest expense on long-term debt, which increased modestly with our November 2004 issue of $375 million of senior notes. Additionally, shareholder dividends and CFC stock repurchases will continue to use cash flow that could otherwise be invested to generate investment income. However, your company’s positive earnings trends and strong capital position give us the financial flexibility to manage for the long term.
We willingly incur expenses when they support and extend your company’s strategic advantages. Among those advantages: A history of rewarding shareholders with steadily increasing dividends; stock option plans that help associates at all levels of the company become responsible owners with vested interests in creating value for shareholders; and a unique, scalable company structure, with a single headquarters housing all of the support staff for the large, fully distributed field force that serves our agent customers and their clients.
  Consolidated Assets
(Dollars in millions)
     2000 2001 2002 2003 2004
 Over the past five years, assets grew at a 6.4 percent compound annual rate, primarily because of 4.5 percent compound annual growth in invested assets.
  2
13,274 1,232 596
13,964 1,453 14,122 1,721
620
15,509 1,908 16,107 2,126
670 745
793

  John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU, chairman, president and chief executive officer
More than 260 members of that field force responded to hurricane claims in 2004, making a tremendous effort under difficult conditions
to assist an estimated
7,000 policyholders, mainly in Florida and Alabama, who experienced approximately $134 million of losses. During the two weeks each volunteer was away, other members of their local units in 29 states stepped up to cover their regular assignments, seamlessly continuing the usual high level of service for local claimants.
Shareholders, agents, policyholders, associates... While so much of the business world’s focus today is on analyzing numbers, efficiently transacting business and opportunistically maximizing quarterly profits, we still explain our strengths in terms of serving people, effectively managing relationships and building long-term financial strength. This bias is organic —
it grows directly out of the company structure described above. Our structure puts field and headquarters associates, on all levels, in touch daily with the agents and policyholders whose financial stability and prosperity depend on our actions. It was our structure that kept us grounded as we noted
industry and company developments in 2004 and acted to shape measured, respectful responses we feel will pass the test of time:
Noted: Competition in our commercial markets is increasing. The industry has recovered from past underwriting losses and added to policyholder surplus.
Learn More:
See Form 10-K Page 9
Competition for market share may arise in some business lines and regions, tempting carriers to begin pricing coverages less adequately.
Action: Cincinnati is maintaining pricing discipline for both renewal and new business. Our agents, field marketing representatives and headquarters underwriters sharpened their already exceptional underwriting skills as we re-underwrote commercial accounts over the past few years. Their accomplishments and firmly established good habits put us in a position of strength as competition increases. While our agents reported only modest pressure on renewal pricing as 2004 came to a close, they are communicating that winning new business now requires more pricing
flexibility and careful
risk selection. We
want to remain our
agents’ carrier of
choice for their
quality business and
believe that we can
use our case-by-
case approach to
create opportunities
in this type of
marketplace. Our
field marketing
associates and
agents will work
together to select
risks and respond appropriately to local
pricing trends. They
have proven they are capable of balancing risk and price to achieve growth in new business over the longer term.
We believe renewals of our three-year commercial policies are somewhat less price sensitive thanks to the value- oriented clientele our agencies tend to attract. Customized insurance programs on a three-year term complement the relationships these policyholders have with their agents and with Cincinnati. For three years, or even over decades, those policyholders have experienced Cincinnati’s local claims service with a personal touch, benefited from our customized coverage packages and relied on our high financial strength ratings. High perceived value of the
   Cincinnati policy may deter annual price shopping.
Noted: Legislators have not yet renewed TRIA, a federal program requiring insurers to cover certain terror losses while capping their potential losses. The 2002 law sunsets at the end of 2005, and carriers that depended on the cap may be challenged to manage their exposures to terror risk with limited terrorism reinsurance available.
Action: Cincinnati has never depended on the cap. We priced our terror coverage reasonably, aware that our three-year commercial policies would remain in force past TRIA’s potential expiration. This approach effectively
 3

  Property Casualty Statutory Surplus Ratio
Net written premiums to surplus Estimated industry net written premiums to surplus (A.M. Best)
1.1 1.3 1.1 1.2
2001 2002 2003 2004
        The company historically has maintained its ratio of net written premiums to statutory surplus below the industry average. The lower the ratio, the stronger an insurer’s security for policyholders and its capacity to support business. In August 2004, the company transferred equity securities to the property casualty subsidiary. The transfer accounted for most of the reduction in the ratio from year-end 2003.
spreads our risk, with about 85 percent of accounts purchasing coverage, a much higher acceptance rate than most insurers have reported. To further manage our exposure, we adjusted underwriting guidelines and negotiated reinsurance coverage, giving up just a few accounts that didn’t fit our risk profile. We believe even the lower-risk, Main Street policyholders we typically underwrite need affordable peace-of-mind insurance against terrorism, and we are continuing to provide it.
Learn More:
See Form 10-K Page 44
Noted: Industrywide, year- over-year personal lines rate filings have reached a plateau. This could indicate that price softening is on
the way even before Cincinnati’s personal lines operation achieves a return to profitability.
Action: Cincinnati continued making progress in 2004, driving toward a profit in personal lines for full-year 2005. Personal auto results reached their best level in the past five years and homeowner results are improving. We continue to estimate that the homeowner line is on track to produce profits in 2006, Over the past two years, we have effected
substantial rate increases and changes in terms and conditions. Because we have historically marketed three- year homeowner policies, we have yet to realize the full benefits of these changes as they flow through all renewal policies. And while we
are moving to one-year homeowner policies with the introduction of our Diamond processing system, that major technology initiative itself has a long duration, as specific rules and rates for each state are separately programmed and rolled out sequentially. At year-end 2004, Diamond was in use in states that represent 59 percent of personal lines premium volume. By the end of 2005, that should be
90 percent, and Diamond should have new account billing features that make it more convenient for agents and policyholders.
The appeal of Cincinnati personal lines rests mainly on superior claims service, not a small thing when policyholders see four hurricanes in a single year. It also comes from solid products and packages, like the recently improved Executive Classic homeowner policy that we are in the process of delivering to various states. Additionally, changes in our rate structure scheduled to become effective in many territories by mid-year
should position our personal lines products appropriately in the marketplace. Cincinnati remains committed to personal lines over the long term. This business brings our agents opportunities to nurture relationships with individuals who are centers of influence in their communities and who may themselves control commercial accounts.
Noted: The New York attorney general sued a large insurance brokerage firm. High-profile investigations have led to heightened regulatory and legal scrutiny of industry marketing and compensation practices. State regulators are surveying their domiciled insurers. Potential exists for overly broad and disruptive new regulations.
Action: Cincinnati is cooperating fully with state insurance departments. We have completed their surveys of company practices and commented on drafts of model regulations, urging that any new rules recognize practical considerations. Cincinnati markets our products only through licensed, appointed agents who are contracted to represent the company. We have no broker contracts.
We offer total compensation that appropriately recognizes the results of our agents’ marketing and frontline
   Life Statutory Capital and Surplus Ratio (Percent)
Adjusted capital and surplus
to liabilities
Estimated industry adjusted capital and surplus to liabilities (A.M. Best)
      11.0
9.9
10.4
10.5
     2001 2002 2003 2004
 The ratio of statutory adjusted capital and surplus to liabilities for Cincinnati Life remained more than three times the estimated industry average in 2004, reflecting the financial stability of Cincinnati Life. The higher the ratio, the stronger an insurer’s security for policyholders and its capacity to support business growth.
 4
39.7
1.1
39.2
1.0
38.3
0.7
52.3
1.0

 In Tribute to Robert C. Schiff
Retired November 12, 2004
Bob Schiff retired November 12, 2004, from the boards of directors for Cincinnati Financial and its four insurance subsidiaries. On February 5,
2005, the board named him
director emeritus.
Bob retired in 2004 as chairman
of Schiff, Kreidler-Shell, Inc., a
large, Cincinnati-area insurance
agency. He formed Schiff,
Kreidler Shell in 1984, leaving
his position as senior vice
president of Cincinnati
Insurance to expand his agency
business. His agent career
began in 1945, after graduation from The Ohio State University, where he played third base on the baseball team.
A charter director of both Cincinnati Insurance in 1950 and Cincinnati Financial in 1968, Bob is the last living company founder. In the early years, Bob emphasized what would become one of the company’s enduring competitive advantages: the company should carefully select its agents, then offer products and underwrite accounts giving those agents broad flexibility to adapt the policy to each client’s specific needs. Bob’s confidence in the professionalism of our agents continued over his 59-year career. To this day, he believes their personal relationships in the community can lead to prosperity for an insurance company smart enough to respect their local knowledge.
  underwriting, as well as the service they provide to policyholders on our behalf. Our profit-sharing contract increases rewards for those whose Cincinnati business in total is profitable over several years and who pay their accounts promptly.
Moreover, we have fewer than 1,000 agency relationships, so we know the people who manage each agency. Agents market our products within a limited radius of their offices, primarily serving people they will meet again and again, not large, price-sensitive accounts that come and go. They truly are independent agents: That generally means they find the best value for each client by navigating the healthy competition among carriers, weighing risk tolerance and appetite, coverage and terms, service and price. At last count, our agents reported holding contracts with four to 12 insurers, on average, and each one asks for their business. In our marketplace, we believe competition is real.
Noted: A. M. Best Co. reported that negative rating outlooks outpaced positive outlooks by more than a 3-to-1 margin in December 2004. Best, which assesses the ability of insurers to meet obligations to policyholders, has a positive outlook on your company and awards us the
A++ rating earned by less than 2 percent of insurer groups. However, that judgment is subject to constant review. Ratings agencies believe that industry issues, exposures, legal and regulatory actions and inactions have created a volatile and uncertain climate that requires a cushion to
Learn More:
See Form 10-K Page 7
absorb potential adversity.
Action: We took specific steps in 2004 to protect Cincinnati’s high insurer financial strength ratings and the marketing advantage these ratings give our agents. Rating agencies carefully monitor risk factors that could affect our property casualty group’s already strong surplus position. To increase the predictability of that position, we added $100 million of coverage to our catastrophe reinsurance program, for a total of $500 million.
We also sought to reduce the group’s ratio of common stock to statutory surplus, which had been maintained below 100 percent throughout the 1990s. At year-end, the ratio had improved 11.2 percentage points to 103.5 percent. This progress arose from a temporary increase in the
group’s allocation of new investments to almost
100 percent fixed income securities, versus our historic allocation of 65 percent to
75 percent. We also reduced by $356 million our positions in common stocks that no longer met our investment parameters, buying fixed income and convertible securities with the proceeds. We plan to monitor the ratio of common stocks to surplus while resuming the total-return
investing that has been the cornerstone of our very successful investment philosophy.
Noted: The status of our parent company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 was uncertain. This Act, established to regulate mutual funds and similar companies, has a series of tests to determine if restrictions apply that could affect operating methods, management,
   5

  Consolidated Investment Income Less expenses
(Dollars in millions)
     2000* 2001 2002 2003 2004
 Consolidated pretax investment income rose 5.7 percent in 2004. Dividend increases announced during 2004 by companies whose common stock is in the portfolio are expected to add $15 million to investment income in 2005.
  * The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures on Page 22 defines and recon- ciles measures presented in this report that are not based on GAAP or statutory accounting principles.
capital structure, dividends and transactions with affiliates. The Act and its tests came to our attention during a review prior to our planned debt offering. The Cincinnati Financial parent company had a ratio of invested assets to total assets above 40 percent, a level that could potentially trigger this regulation.
Action: Your company acted in good faith by moving
the invested assets ratio below 40 percent. At December 31, 2004, the ratio of investment securities held at the parent-company level
to total parent-company-only assets was 36.3 percent, following the transfer of equity securities to The Cincinnati Insurance Company from
the parent company in August 2004.
While meeting the ratio test has removed all uncertainty about our current status,
we believe it is in our shareholders’ interests to further clarify that the parent company is not subject to the Act’s provisions in the future or past. We have requested an exemption under provisions of the Act, based on our belief that the parent company is primarily engaged in the business of insurance through its subsidiaries.
The Act provides for exemptions for companies not primarily engaged in the
investment business. We understand that responses to exemption requests generally are considered within 12 to 18 months.
From our grounded, common- sense perspective, the parent company exists to provide financial flexibility to the insurance subsidiaries. Its
Learn More:
See Form 10-K Page 51
substantial assets are another level of capital resources for the insurance subsidiaries, and it has the ability to tap the debt markets. All of this supports your company’s ability to be a stable, consistent market for our agents’ business through all phases of economic and insurance cycles.
Your company’s consistency and stability was highlighted for shareholders on February 5, 2005, when the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend
10.9 percent to 301/2 cents per share, setting the stage for a 45th straight year of higher dividends. At the same
time, the board declared a 5 percent stock dividend payable April 28 to shareholders of record on April 6. Taken together, the two actions represent a
15 percent increase in the indicated annual cash
dividend to $1.201/2 per share. Another way your company increases your return is by repurchasing our common shares. In 2004, we repurchased 1,571,800 shares at a total cost of $66 million. Approximately 3.7 million shares remain authorized by the board of directors for repurchase. We anticipate continuing this program at a modest level, offsetting dilution from stock option grants.
Cincinnati Financial’s compound annual total return to shareholders over the five years ended December 31, 2004, was a positive
10.8 percent annually compared with a negative
2.3 percent compound annual total return for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
Our measured, people- centered approach works. With talented associates and solid relationships in place and time-tested strategies to support them, we believe we are primed for continued strong performance.
Respectfully,
/S/ John J. Schiff, Jr.
John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 4, 2005
 6
410
421
445
465
492
