FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Shareholders’ equity rose to more than $6.5 billion at year-
end 2014, including increased policyholder surplus for our
property casualty insurance subsidiaries. That value on a
per-share basis – your book value – increased 8 percent to
$40.14 in 2014, setting a new record high.
Steady cash flow from our profitable insurance operations
allowed us to expand our investment portfolio and increase
investment income, supporting our primary performance
target of an annual value creation ratio averaging 10 percent
to 13 percent for the period of 2013 through 2017. For
2014, the ratio was 12.6 percent, resulting in an
11.7 percent annual average over the past five years.
We believe the value creation ratio is an appropriate metric
to evaluate our performance because it considers our
ability to increase the book value of your company and
your shareholder dividends.
In January 2015, our board of directors increased the
regular quarterly cash dividend 2 cents to 46-cents-per-
share, setting the stage for a 55th
consecutive year of
increasing shareholder dividends. Only nine other public
companies in the U.S. can make that statement.
We expect to grow faster than the property casualty
industry average and did so in 2014. Our 6.4 percent
growth in net written premium outpaced the estimated
industry average by A.M. Best Co. of 3.9 percent.
We aim for our combined ratio to consistently be within
the range of 95 percent to 100 percent. When the
combined ratio is below 100 percent, we’ve achieved an
underwriting profit in our insurance operations. Our
full-year 2014 combined ratio finished comfortably within
that range at 95.6 percent. On a statutory basis, it was
95.1 percent, about 2 points better than the estimated
property casualty industry aggregate of 97.2 percent, per
A.M. Best. That’s the second year in a row of underwriting
profitability for the industry. A.M. Best forecasts another
profitable year in 2015, which they say would mark the
first time since the early 1970s that the industry’s
underwriting has been profitable in three consecutive
calendar years.
Our current initiatives and strategies will keep us focused
on profitable underwriting growth and help us to move
forward even when there are bumps along the way.
When catastrophes added 8.9 percentage points to our
first quarter combined ratio – 5 points higher than our
10-year average for the first quarter – we did not waver.
We remained committed to our path, transforming an
$8 million underwriting loss in the first six months into a
$186 million underwriting profit for the year.
MY CINCINNATI: ADAPTING FOR TODAY’S INDEPENDENT AGENCIES
A clearly articulated vision to be the best company serving
independent agencies defines our strategies for success. We
manage our business with the intent to achieve good
results through all stages of economic and insurance
cycles, being stable, trustworthy and reliable for our
independent agency partners.
Please read the My Cincinnati
sections of this letter for
highlights of initiatives we are pursuing to increase the
choices we deliver to agencies. Because agencies come in all
shapes and sizes, we’re creating a menu of services so that
they can choose the options that best fit their business.
They can each proudly say: “That’s my Cincinnati.”
By providing exceptional service, distinguishing
Cincinnati’s advantages and creating solutions to support
our agencies and their clients, we deepen our relationships
with them. They, in turn, send us their best business,
helping us realize our long-term goals. Improvements made
in recent years continue to bring benefits, and further
refinements are in the works.
READY TO MEET CHALLENGES
While our industry and our company have challenges to
overcome in 2015, we are approaching our initiatives with
confidence and enthusiasm that our winning strategy will
create value for shareholders, associates, agents and
policyholders, alike.
Meeting weather challenges
Catastrophe losses rose in 2014 for the property casualty
insurance industry compared with 2013’s low overall
weather-related losses. While still below normal levels, catastrophes contributed 4.4 percentage points to the
industry’s combined ratio.
For your company, catastrophe losses for 2014 added
5.1 points to our combined ratio, close to our 10-year
average of 6 percentage points. Through a combination
of geographic expansion, underwriting actions and
reinsurance, we have a plan to help smooth the effects of
catastrophe losses.
In 2014, we added personal lines insurance to support our
Connecticut agencies. We also announced that we may
expand our personal lines operations into four additional
states over the next five years: California, Massachusetts,
New Jersey and Texas. This should accelerate the good
progress we are already making toward geographic
diversification. Earned premiums for our personal lines
operations in our four highest volume states increased in
aggregate by 4 percent in 2014, while premiums for the
remaining states increased 13 percent in aggregate.
Our strong reinsurance program is again placed among
several highly rated reinsurance carriers. As we did in
2013, we also arranged to purchase reinsurance fully
collateralized through a catastrophe bond. This alternative
reinsurance arrangement gives us additional coverage for
severe convective storm loss in key states and for earthquakes
occurring along the New Madrid fault line and other faults
in Utah, Washington and Oregon. In 2014, we locked in
these terms and conditions for three years.
Reinsurance contracts specify the maximum length of
time that can be considered as one weather-related event.
In 2015, we were able to expand the hours included in any
one storm from 96 hours to 120 hours. As larger storms
move across the country leaving wide-spread damage, this additional time considered as one event means that more
of the losses from a single storm will be eligible for us to
submit under our reinsurance program.
Meeting growth challenges
The property casualty insurance marketplace is heating
up. Carriers are getting better at using data models to
set pricing on a policy-by-policy basis. As a result, all
carriers will encounter more competition for accounts with
the best risk profiles.
Just the same, we continue to march toward our goal to
write $5 billion in consolidated direct written premiums
by the end of 2015. At the end of 2014, we reached nearly
$4.6 billion in direct written premiums. While increased
competition may make it a stretch to realize our goal this
year, our associates and agents are stepping up, working
together to write more profitable business.
Regardless of the tally for direct written premium at the
end of this year, we’re focused on retaining our best
accounts, segmenting pricing with the goal of adequately
pricing each policy according to its risk attributes. We
benefit from the local presence of our field underwriters
who make decisions on all of our commercial new
business. Their decisions are informed by analytics and
risk inspection data from our ongoing loss control program.
Many in the industry are concerned about the
commoditization of personal lines insurance. So are we.
One way we’ll combat that trend is to continue to expand
our services for high-net-worth clients. We are known for
delivering superior claims service and building long-term
relationships. These factors combine with broad coverages
offered through our Executive Classic™ policy and an
efficient operating structure to keep prices competitive and
attract quality-conscious consumers. We are developing a
new suite of products, Executive Capstone™, which should
be available in New York in the second half of 2015 to
further attract high-net-worth clients.
Our excess and surplus lines operations continue to bring
profitable growth as we earn a larger share of the more
than $2 billion of E&S business already in our agents’
offices. In 2014, The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters
Insurance Company achieved the desirable combination of
increasing net written premiums by 20 percent and
producing a combined ratio below 80 percent.
Meeting reserve challenges
Some who study our industry predict that favorable
development of prior years’ loss reserves will slow
considerably in 2014.
Loss reserve estimates are inherently uncertain, but your
company has produced 26 years of favorable reserve
development following a consistent reserving philosophy.
Our intent is to maintain consolidated reserves consistently
within the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of
likely amounts we will ultimately pay out to policyholders
and claimants. Your company believes in paying claims promptly and
fairly. We also believe it’s prudent to control claims costs
where appropriate. In 2014, we continued our work to
strengthen cost control related to medical cost pricing, bill
review and nurse case management.
Meeting investment income challenges
In 2014, investment income was again expected to decline
across the industry. This trend is likely to continue in
2015 despite the possibility that the Federal Reserve may
begin increasing short-term rates.
Our diversified, generally laddered fixed-maturity portfolio
at December 31, 2014, was almost $9.5 billion with an
average pretax book yield of 4.76 percent. We have
maintained our consistent approach to credit quality and
have not reached for yield in response to this prolonged
low interest rate environment.
In addition to driving long-term capital appreciation, our
equity investing strategy is particularly beneficial in
growing investment income during periods of declining
bond yields. While our total investment income increased
4 percent in 2014 to $549 million, equity dividends grew
13 percent. Equities represented 34 percent of our invested assets at year-end, a significantly higher allocation than
most insurers hold. After-tax realized gains from equities
contributed $83 million to 2014 net earnings. Despite
harvesting those gains, pretax net unrealized gains in the
equity portfolio at December 31 climbed to $2.1 billion.
This approach creates strong liquidity and flexibility through all periods to maintain our cash dividend and to
continue to invest in and expand our insurance operations.
CONFIDENCE IN THE FUTURE
Our industry and our company have reasons for optimism.
As we grow profitably, we’re creating new opportunities for current associates to develop areas of expertise. Succession
planning and talent recruitment continue to be high
priorities as we develop the next generation of insurance
leaders.
Members of our senior leadership team spend time with
new associates, passing on important Cincinnati traditions
and philosophy. We’d like to thank one such leader who
retired in 2014 – Joan Shevchik, senior vice president of
Corporate Communications. We deeply appreciate Joan’s
commitment to infuse your company’s messages with our
agent-centered philosophy, inspiring many associates to
preserve the best of this company’s culture.
It’s important to remember what makes our company
special even as we find innovative new ways to serve the
needs of our agencies. Our commitment to our agency
partners and the strong relationships we build with them
was cited as a key differentiator for your company by 
Standard & Poor’s when they affirmed our financial
strength rating revising our outlook to positive from stable
in 2014.
We are confident that we’ve defined a clear vision, outlined
a competitive strategy and have the right people on board
to build value for shareholders far into the future.
Respectfully,
/S/
Kenneth W. Stecher
_____________________
Kenneth W. Stecher
Chairman of the Board
/S/
Steven J. Johnston
___________________
Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA
President and Chief Executive Officer