To Our Shareholders:
Cincinnati Financial Corporation reported record-high assets, net operating income, total revenues and pre-tax investment income in 1999. Highlights included improved profitability of property and casualty insurance underwriting, with a 100.0% statutory combined ratio; a 19.0% increase in net income from The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company; and achievement of record consolidated revenue and net operating income with no boost from taxable net capital gains. These financial results reflected the Company's strong fundamentals and steady performance, achieved by targeting profitable, incremental and sustainable growth. The Cincinnati formula for consistent growth and profits is a strong customer focus on the agent and a willingness to align our entire business system with that focus, innovating to support the market stability, service advantages and financial strength those agents need. In 1999, this meant walking away from commercial insurance accounts when industry peers priced business with no regard for the amount of risk assumed. It meant repairing autos with manufacturers' factory parts and giving claimants the freedom to select their own body shop or mechanic. It meant offering guaranteed products and rates when other insurers were changing direction and hedging bets. It meant investing for total return, selecting equities that pay increasing dividends and bonds with potential for ratings upgrades.
Innovation: Claims Philosophy

From the Company's agent origins to its local field authority, agent-centered Cincinnati has always stood apart. This was as true in 1999 as in 1950. While foresight and preparation made the century transition uneventful so far for most insurers, Cincinnati's innovative stance showed our commitment to select courses of action consistent with our agents' needs for stable markets and superior claims service. Like other insurers, we repaired or replaced our own non-compliant systems, and we went further by helping agencies assess their readiness. We helped them alert insured businesses of the need to prepare and staffed a hotline for Y2K-related insurance questions. Unlike many insurers, Cincinnati did not attach a Y2K-related exclusion to every policy in our commercial book of business. Instead, we chose to preserve traditional coverages for our policyholders, maintaining our practice of deciding coverage only after looking in each case at the specific loss and policy language. Cincinnati's golden rule claims philosophy gives agents a competitive advantage. Nearly 700 field claims professionals work out of their homes in agents' communities, available to provide emergency service 24 hours a day and seven days a week. Most policyholders learn to appreciate the value of insurance when they have a claim, so our claims representatives confirm that value by treating them as we would want to be treated.

2

Some of our most able executives began their careers as staff adjusters, discovering that superior claims service is the most important way Cincinnati differentiates our brand. Senior Vice President James E. Benoski, appointed vice chairman and chief insurance officer of the property and casualty subsidiaries late in 1999, started as a claims representative in Alabama. Retired Cincinnati Casualty Company President Hayden D. Davis, who passed away in January of this year, was the Company's first claims representative.
Innovation: Products and Pricing

that met the policyholder's needs; and to show a history of service and strength. Those are formidable selling points to have on our side as we again target $2 billion in direct written premiums by year-end 2000. Although the large life policy discussed earlier helped us exceed that goal in 1999, it was fully paid in 1999 and won't contribute to written premiums in 2000. Excluding it, direct premiums were $1.855 billion in 1999.

Director Emeritus Harry M.Turner, one of the four founding agents, also died in January. He wrote the first Cincinnati Insurance policy in 1951, served as its first president and chairman and Cincinnati Financial's first chairman. He believed an agent-sponsored company that excelled at service and personal relationships would prosper. It did, and in 1999, we wrote the largest policy in our history. In the last days of December, a $302.9 million single-pay life policy on one bank's officers put us over the top of our $2 billion goal for direct written premiums for property casualty and life insurance. That transaction succeeded because our associates tackled it with ingenuity, diligence and willingness to work across department borders. Selling points included our ability to manage a relationship-based approach; to design flexible, innovative coverage and terms If positive trends in the final months of 1999 continue, we'll get more adequate pricing for commercial accounts and attract new business with our multi-year rate guarantees, our claims service and our strong brand in agents' eyes. The good economy should benefit businesses, which will need more and better policies to cover their increased insurable exposures. And more property and casualty agents will discover
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU

3

that Cincinnati Life has new products that can make life insurance a profit center for them. Sixty agencies, up from 20 in 1998, earned more than $40,000 in life commissions in 1999.

Reaching the $2 billion level should position us to increase revenues faster than expenses, achieving new economies of scale. Industry studies by A.M. Best and the Independent Insurance Agents Association showed that Cincinnati's total operating expenses are no more than those of some large direct marketers that advertise their products to the public. The difference is that we keep office and advertising expenses much lower and give consumers the extra value of professional advice and service from commissioned agents. A 1999 major consumer survey by the Insurance Information Institute confirmed that about 80% of the public is most comfortable purchasing insurance from an independent agent. Our business model must continue to demonstrate that these consumers can have quality products and the service of an independent agent without paying substantially more.
Innovation: Shareholder Value

In Tribute to Robert B. Morgan Retired April 3, 1999

Bob Morgan joined Cincinnati as an assistant casualty manager in 1966. He quickly rose through the ranks to become president of Cincinnati Insurance and of Cincinnati Financial, then chief executive officer. He guided the Company's progress with skills fine-tuned by his underwriting experience--discipline, decisiveness and the talent to accurately distill complex questions down to simple solutions. He led the Company from $46.6 million in premium and operations in 10 states in 1972 to $1.6 billion and 29 states in 1998. While other companies strayed from core competencies, Bob consistently chose the path that differentiates us today, judging all proposals against two brilliant truths: "The agent is our customer." We made decisions at the local level, empowering and supporting--but not controlling--the field marketing and claims people closest to agents and their customers. "We're in the business of accepting risk. " To Bob, this meant looking for ways to flexibly underwrite the business agents brought to us. Instead of specializing, we developed a full range of products responding to most of their clients' needs. It meant looking through policies for reasons to pay claims and treating catastrophe losses not as earnings spoilers, but as opportunities to earn more business from satisfied policyholders. In a three-room Kentucky schoolhouse, Bob learned to cut through complexity, zeroing in on what's really important. He remains active in retirement, applying his talents to the Company's government relations. His example lights the way as we choose future paths.

Just as agents and policyholders count on Cincinnati's consistency and stability, you can count on consistently receiving shareholder value. In 1999, we returned more than $327 million to shareholders in cash dividends and stock repurchases. This was the 39th consecutive year of increased cash dividends. Dividends paid per share rose to $0.661/3 in 1999 from $0.21 in 1989, adjusted for stock dividends and splits. That's a 12.2% compound growth rate for the past ten years.

4

Further, the Board declared an 11.8% increase in the dividend for the first quarter of 2000, raising the indicated annual dividend to $0.76 per share. With financial stocks out of favor and the price of Cincinnati Financial common stock below book value, the Board sees it as an attractive investment. During 1999, we acquired 6.1 million shares at a cost of $217.1 million. After purchase of 589,000 more shares in January, 10.3 million shares remain authorized for repurchase. Rising interest rates in 2000 may contribute to higher investment income, as well as reduced realized and unrealized capital gains in the investment portfolio. We'll stick to our disciplined buy-and-hold equity strategy, confident in the long-term appreciation potential of the well-managed companies we select. This consistency is a prime reason for Cincinnati Financial's financial strength reflected in recent positive rankings and ratings (published in 1999 and generally based on 1998 performance):  Forbes 500 #319 Super Rank #237 assets #299 market value #329 profits  Fortune 1000 #640 by revenues #18 among property and casualty stock insurers, based on consolidated revenues  Moody's Dividend Achievers #92 for 10-year compound growth of cash dividends #25 for longest record of consecutive annual cash dividend increases

 Standard & Poor's AA- senior debt rating  Moody's Investors Service A2 senior debt rating  Standard & Poor's 500 Index Listed in property casualty insurance group

Book Value*
Per Common Share (in dollars)
33.72 33.46

28.35

18.95 15.90

 InformationWeek 500 #353 among top innovative corporate technology users  Nasdaq 1000 #50 among Nasdaq companies by market value It is a privilege to report on the state of Cincinnati Financial Corporation in 2000, my first year of service as chief executive officer. From our current very strong financial position, your Company will follow our agent-centered business plan, continuing to produce consistent growth and profits over
6,109 7,046 9,493

95

96

97

98

99

*Adjusted to reflect 5% stock dividends paid in April 1995 and 1996 and a 3-for-1 stock split paid in May 1998.

Assets
(in millions of dollars)
11,380 11,087

the long term.

/s/ John J. Schiff, Jr.

John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 5, 2000

95

96

97

98

99

5

