 To Our Shareholders, Friends and Associates:
Highlights
Your company’s 2012 net operating income* of
$393 million more than tripled last year’s result. We ended 2012 with shareholders’ equity up 8 percent, reflecting increased policyholder surplus of our property casualty insurance subsidiaries. Cash and marketable securities we hold at the parent-company level add to our stellar financial strength and liquidity.
Improvements made in 2012 and recent years have gained momentum. Their cumulative impact feeds our confidence that our current strategies are the right ones to take us forward. While high catastrophe losses early in the year masked improving trends in our property casualty insurance underwriting, those trends grew strong enough in the second half of
2012 to transform a $68 million first-half underwriting loss into a $137 million underwriting profit for the year.
Our full-year combined ratio was 96.1 percent. On a statutory basis, it was 95.4 percent, nearly 11 points points better than the estimated property casualty industry aggregate of 106.2 percent, per A.M. Best Co. We outperformed by making core underwriting progress, as indicated by 8.4 percentage points of improvement in our loss and loss expense ratio for the current accident year before catastrophe losses. Net written premiums rose 12 percent, boosted by new business premiums that for the first time reached the half-billion dollar mark.
One Team, One Vision
The growth and profitability initiatives that produced those results were designed to strengthen our competitive position and opportunities over the long term. We have more work to do to build on our
Steven J. Johnston (left), president and chief executive officer, with Kenneth W. Stecher, chairman of the board.
   Earning Trust
For openness and integrity in accounting, governance and management, Cincinnati Financial was the highest scoring large-cap company in Forbes’ 2012 list of the 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America .
We work to be trustworthy stewards who can deliver value well into the future . We seek to optimize the balance of risk and return, of growth and underwriting discipline, and of
current income needs and longer-term goals .
Nowhere is that approach more important or
more evident than in our insurance reserves .
For 24 consecutive years, favorable reserve
development has benefitted earnings as paid
claims and updated estimates of claims settlements in process came in lower than our initial conservative estimates . At the same time, we maintained total reserves consistently within the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of likely amounts we will ultimately pay out to policyholders . At year-end 2012, our $9 billion of fixed-maturity investments exceeded total insurance reserves by 39 percent, supporting policyholder confidence in our ability to pay claims .
                                                     * The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures are in our quarterly news releases, which are available on the Investors page of our website, www.cinfin.com .
1

Financial Review
  2012 Consolidated Revenues
(in millions)
          Total:
$4.1 billion
$2,387
Commercial Lines (58.1%)
$870
Personal Lines (21.2%)
$93
Excess and Surplus Lines (2.3%)
$179
Life Insurance (4.3%)
$531
Investment Income, net of expenses (12.9%)
$51
Net Realized Investment Gains and Other (1.2%)
   Invested Assets
At Fair Value (in billions)
                                                                                                                                            *
Net and Operating* Income
Net income Operating income
The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures are in our quarterly news releases, which are available on the Investors page of our website www.cinfin.com.
Consolidated revenues rose 8 percent in 2012, compared with 2011, with earned premiums up 10 percent and investment income up 1 percent. Invested assets continued a steady growth pattern, reflecting positive operating cash flows and rising market valuations. Net income increased by over 150 percent in 2012, primarily due to improvement in the contribution of property casualty underwriting, with lower losses from natural catastrophe events contributing 27 percent of the improvement.
  Book Value
Per common share
Book value
Book value growth*
* Year-over-year change in book value per share
                                                                                                                                                                             *
Cash Dividends Declared
Per common share
Cash dividends declared Dividend contribution*
Calculated as dividends declared per share to beginning book value per share
  Value Creation Ratio*
* A discussion of the value creation ratio and a reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures are available on Pages 38-39 of our 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                           Book value per share continued to move higher, and 2012 marked the 52nd consecutive year of an increase to our shareholder dividend. The components of our value creation ratio are change in book value plus the contribution of our shareholder dividend, both measured as a percentage of book value at the beginning of the year. During 2009 through 2012 our annual value creation ratio averaged 12.4 percent. The 2012 ratio improved by 6.6 percentage points over 2011, including 5.3 points from better operating results and 1.5 points from investment portfolio gains, offset by 0.2 points from other items.
2

progress – and more upside to realize from our ongoing efforts. We believe our combined ratio over any five-year period can be consistently within the range of 95 percent to 100 percent, and we can grow faster than the industry average. By the end of 2015, we estimate full-year direct written premiums from our property casualty and life operations can reach $5 billion.
Performing at these levels generates strong cash flow to expand our investment portfolio and increase investment income, further supporting our primary performance target of an annual value creation ratio averaging 10 percent to 13 percent for the period of 2013 through 2017. Our 2012 value creation ratio was 12.6 percent, resulting in a solid 12.4 percent average annual ratio for the four years beginning with 2009, when we adopted this performance metric, which considers increases in the book value of your company and your shareholder dividends.
To achieve our performance target, we have identified goals for every operational area and every individual. With clarity around our shared goals, your company’s management team and associates at every level are energized, focused and accountable. We have improved our data collection, analysis
and communication to closely track progress and bring everyone together in support of our
priority initiatives.
We are one team, with one vision: to create value by being the best insurance company for independent agents.
A Strong Competitor
We manage our business and our enterprise risks to position your company to perform through all economic and market cycles, supporting market
stability for our agency customers. Challenges in the macro environment do create headwinds, and many of our improvements arise from anticipating and preparing for them. Here are four industry issues that have our attention and what we are doing about them.
Interest rates:
Over the past three years, interest rates generally have declined and credit spreads have tightened, depressing investment income from fixed-income securities.
We relied in 2012 on dividend income increases from our common stocks to take our investment income up 1 percent, a good result relative to investment income
 Strengthening Relationships
A 2012 survey of commercial producers named Cincinnati the best carrier “Overall by Rating,” with top scores for underwriting process, responsive service, claims handling, partnership and compensation program . Flaspöhler Research Group also identified us as the carrier an agent is most likely to consider representing and to recommend to a colleague .
Exceptional agency relationships are our strongest competitive advantage, and we are careful to preserve them as we expand .
At year-end 2012, 1,408 independent agencies in 1,758 locations across 39 states represented Cincinnati . Our strong agency brand attracted 140 new professional agencies that had 2011 total standard lines written premium of $2 .2 billion with all carriers they represent . In 2013, we plan to appoint 65 more agencies in newer or underserved territories .
Over time, we expect to earn a large share of each agency’s business . Where agencies have represented us for 10 years or more, our share is nearly 18 percent . This favored position reflects our ability to listen and act on valuable agent insights into the marketplace and particular risks .
3

 The Agent’s Team: Sales Is Everyone’s Job
Our locally based field marketing representatives support the success of agencies in their territories by promoting the company’s products and services and coordinating development and underwriting of commercial lines new business . With a high level of decision-making authority and knowledge of the community they live in, field marketing representatives work closely with agents to secure new accounts .
Our agency and field marketing representative can assemble a team of field representatives from other parts of our operation to demonstrate our service and expertise . While selling is not their daily focus, these specialists are available to help agencies win the marquee accounts in their communities or any accounts that are important to the agency .
Claims representatives may accompany agents to call on business insurance prospects, introducing themselves as the individuals who will provide services on behalf of the agency once the account is written . Loss control
or machinery and equipment representatives may perform inspections, recommending
safety measures to improve the prospect’s operations and the quality of the agent’s
account . Excess and surplus lines representatives may assure prospects that we can craft special terms and conditions for parts of the risk that don’t qualify for standard market coverage . Other field representatives may describe our surety or premium audit processes or business life insurance programs,
making the prospect comfortable with the resources our team can bring to the account . The agent’s resources may include headquarters underwriters and executives who travel to join in this team-selling activity .
To see a video about our field team’s sales support, from the perspective of a Texas agent who attracted a large restaurant account, please scan this QR code or view this Letter online at cinfin .com/investors in the Annual Reports section.
     4
declines for our industry. Our equity investment strategy gives us advantages; it powered $210 million of the $391 million increase in pretax unrealized investment gains and $37 million of net realized gains in 2012.
Low interest rates also led to increased unrealized gains from our fixed-maturity securities. The
2 percent to 3 percent contribution to our value
creation ratio that resulted from those gains in the past three years is not expected to occur in the next five-year period. Strong underwriting results can help offset the effect of flat or falling bond valuations on our book value by giving us more cash to invest. During 2012, we invested close to half of net operating cash flow, after paying shareholder dividends, in equity securities.

  This was our first year since 2007 of positive net investment into common stocks.
Weather:
Many worry that severe convective storms and hurricanes are becoming the new normal. What we know is that while our 2012 catastrophe losses
did not rise to the prior year’s record level, the
10 percentage points they added to the combined ratio exceeded our five-year average of 8.2 points and our 10-year average of 6.1 points. Our policyholders in the Midwest and Southeast felt the sting of a midsummer derecho, and policyholders in areas bordering Lake Erie were caught in Superstorm Sandy’s path.
Our property loss mitigation initiatives will help counter worsening storm losses. A multi- departmental, multi-disciplinary task force has reviewed our property business and made changes ranging from increasing the specialized expertise of our claims and loss control staff to revising underwriting guidelines and increasing property inspections. For commercial business, we are seeking approval for wind and hail deductibles in areas prone to convective storm losses, developing a named storm deductible for additional states and using new guidelines for underwriting hail risk.
For personal lines business, we are using more robust deductibles and covering older roofs at actual cash value rather than replacement cost. Homeowner rate increases in recent years also should improve our property results as the higher premiums are earned. In recent years, we nonrenewed policies in southeastern coastal areas that are most exposed to hurricanes, and we continued our gradual expansion into states less prone to catastrophes.
We continue to enhance our property catastrophe reinsurance program. Beginning in 2013, your company’s capital is further protected by a catastrophe bond that provides collateralized reinsurance covering severe convective storm losses in certain regions as well as supplemental coverage in the event of a New Madrid earthquake.
The marketplace:
With many worthy competitors in our industry and industry surplus on the rise, the current price firming in commercial lines could be difficult to sustain. This was only the second year of rate firming, yet some
 Streamlining Processes
Cincinnati Financial ranked No . 27 on InformationWeek’s 2012 list of innovative corporate technology users, qualifying in the top 500 for the 13th consecutive year . Our innovative uses include hail storm mapping tools that help us quickly identify affected policyholders, deploy claims representatives, accurately settle claims and estimate overall losses .
We continue to enhance our e-CLAS® CPP commercial lines policy administration system, making it easier for agents to do business with us . The system now holds 73 percent of commercial non-workers’ compensation policies, representing more than $1 billion of premium . We plan to begin offering e-CLAS processing of workers’ compensation policies in 2013 for several states .
To improve policy processing, we are importing data from various internal and external sources and bridging data between company and agency management systems . While complex items flow to the appropriate underwriter for optimal service, this data integration allows for unassisted processing of some personal and small commercial policies that meet qualifying underwriting criteria .
5

carriers reported competitive pressure that reduced the average size of price increases in the fourth quarter.
We are working diligently to achieve price adequacy, while also teaming with our agents to emphasize the Cincinnati value proposition and provide our best quote. On renewals and new business, we are using modeling tools to help our underwriting associates better target profitability and discuss pricing impacts with agency personnel. In 2012, our standard commercial lines policies averaged an estimated price increase in a mid-single-digit range. The higher pricing, along with improving economic conditions,
led to an 8 percent increase in our commercial renewal written premiums. Commercial lines new business premiums rose 15 percent, with newer agencies appointed in 2011 and 2012 contributing more than half of the increase.
Rate increases for our personal lines business in 2012 averaged in the high single digits for homeowner policies and low single digits for auto policies. Personal lines renewal premiums rose 11 percent and new business premiums rose 17 percent, reflecting recent new agency appointments as well as the rate increases. For excess and surplus lines, average renewal pricing rose in the high-single-digit range, and new business premiums rose 9 percent, a lesser increase than for standard-market policies as we declined opportunities to write underpriced policies.
Agency ownership:
Our sampling of the issues we are paying attention to would not be complete without a comment on the changing independent agency landscape. The American Agency System is dynamic and growing, with the number of independent agencies increasing to 38,500, according to the 2012 Agency Universe Study. In 2012, we made 140 new agency appointments, ranging from start-up agencies with no revenues to agencies with over $100 million of premium written annually with all carriers they represent. That broad range is indicative of our full agency plant.
The challenge we embrace is to be the best carrier for each of them, even as they continue to evolve. The pace of mergers and acquisitions affecting our agencies has quickened over the past three years, with almost 60 transactions taking place in 2012. While many agencies remain independent and locally
 Improving Precision
Predictive modeling gives our underwriters the confidence to compete on the most desirable business and the flexibility to adapt rapidly to changes in market conditions . We paved the way for our return to underwriting profitability by collecting more data, performing better analysis and building better models for pricing policies, evaluating reserves and forecasting financial results .
• For workers’ compensation, we began in the second half of 2012 to use our second-generation predictive modeling tool .
• For auto, general liability and property coverages in commercial package accounts, we have used pricing precision tools since late 2011 .
• For small business policies written through our CinciPakTM product, similar tools became available in several states in 2012 and will deploy for many more states in 2013 .
• For personal auto and homeowner policies, we continue to enhance model attributes, expanding the number of pricing points and precision . Predictive modeling for dwelling fire policies will begin in 2013 .
6

owned, others are independent, locally managed agencies owned by groups, banks or brokers.
For the latter, we maintain relationships at both the local and organizational level. We are committed to
providing appropriate products and services that make us a significant contributor to the success of independent agencies of all sizes and ownership types. At the same time, we are willing to provide capital
 The Agent’s Team: Claims Service That Goes Above and Beyond
Our multi-line field claims representatives serve specific agencies and their clients, rather than specific types of claims . This structure results in exceptional working relationships and continuity of service . Claims representatives visited our agencies nearly 45,000 times in 2012 to discuss the status of claims . They gave agents thousands of sales referrals from satisfied claimants interested in becoming Cincinnati policyholders, and they accompanied agents on hundreds of sales calls .
Claims representatives support agency and company profitability by documenting conditions they observe while responding to claims . They prepared 8,700 risk reports in 2012, helping assure that the agent and underwriter have up-to-date information about risk quality, whether favorable or unfavorable . An agent may use this information to help a policyholder avoid a future loss by repairing unsafe conditions, or an underwriter may consider it in establishing the appropriate coverage and pricing at policy renewal . It may prompt a review of our inspection or underwriter training requirements .
Agents have new, efficient options for claims reporting and payment processes . They may choose to take claim reports themselves or ask policyholders to use our claims reporting center . The center now accepts reports for most types of claims; more than 20 percent of claims reported in 2012 came directly to the center . Another new option lets agents send
payment requests for small claims to our headquarters for processing, conserving time so
the agency can focus on sales .
In the wake of catastrophes, teams of experienced claims representatives from other territories quickly move in to provide
assistance . We responded in
2012 to more than 21,000 claims
from 26 events officially classified as catastrophes .
To see a video about our catastrophe response, from the perspective of an Indiana agent in a community hit by a major hailstorm, please scan this QR code or
view this Letter online at cinfin .com/investors in the Annual Reports section.
     7

assistance to support private ownership, including new producer training, technology upgrades and perpetuation planning.
Good Returns
Each director who joins our board is an asset that we hope will benefit the company for many years, accumulating and applying knowledge of our company and our industry. In November 2012, we were fortunate to have Dirk J. Debbink return to his directorship after four years of active duty with the
U.S. Navy. Dirk served as Reserve deputy commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet; Commander, Navy Reserve Force; and as a senior member on the staff of the chief of naval operations in the Pentagon. We are proud to renew his relationship with you, our shareholders.
Another standout is the cash dividend record of
your company. For 52 straight years, that dividend has increased, and now there are only nine U.S. publicly traded companies with a longer streak. The payout ratio of dividends to net income improved to 63 percent in 2012, and we believe we can further improve the ratio in 2013 by continuing to meet our insurance growth and profitability goals. Through all economic and market cycles, we intend to be predictable and trustworthy, returning value to you.
Respectfully,
/S/Kenneth W. Stecher _____________________
Kenneth W. Stecher Chairman of the Board
/S/Steven J. Johnston ___________________
Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA President and Chief Executive Officer
 Identifying Opportunities
The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company was named the 2012 Voluntary Sales Growth Leader among companies with up to
$30 million in voluntary insurance sales . The study, conducted by Eastbridge Consulting, recognized Cincinnati Life’s solid 17 percent growth in 2011 first-year worksite premium .
Approximately 95 million American households have little or no life insurance, including 40 million employees of small businesses such as those we typically insure . Our worksite program gives employees a payroll-deduction benefit at no cost to the employer, other than administration . We make the experience easy for the agent, the employer and the employee with our award-winning e-App launched in 2011 and e-Enrollment launched in 2012 .
To identify receptive employers, property casualty agencies can mine their current commercial insurance accounts . Cross-selling drives account retention and profitability while diversifying the agencies’ revenue stream . In addition to worksite marketing, agents can serve business owners with our whole, universal or term life insurance for key employee, business perpetuation or estate planning purposes .
8
