TO

OUR

SHAREHOLDERS:

PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW

Cincinnati Financial Corporation's performance got stronger and stronger over the course of 1997. While revenues advanced 7.4 percent to $1.942 billion, total net income grew 33.8 percent to $299.4 million and net operating income rose 32.1 percent to $254.4 million. The weather and the stock market cooperated, reducing catastrophic storm losses and providing opportunities for higher investment income and capital gains. 1997 catastrophe losses were a more typical $25.5 million versus last year's unusually high $64.7 million. Just as important, our customer focus on agents, consistent and disciplined underwriting practices and claims management proved their value. While growing premiums at twice the industry rate in 1997, we experienced lower overall claims loss trends. Profitability returned to property and casualty insurance
NET OPERATING INCOME*
Per Common Share
(In Dollars)

underwriting with a $24.8 million net gain versus last year's $45.0 million net underwriting loss. This year's lower claims payments joined with higher realized capital gains to increase cash flow, contributing to 6.5 percent growth of investment income to $348.6 million. Net realized after-tax capital gains were $45.0 million, up from $31.2 million last year. Higher equity values presented many opportunities to sell convertible securities, which accounted for approximately 70 percent of the net gains. Assets, shareholders' equity and book value climbed to all-time highs. As of December 31, 1997, assets were up 34.7 percent over year-end 1996 at $9.493 billion. Shareholders' equity was up 49.1 percent to $4.717 billion. Book value rose to $85.06 from $56.85.
MOVING RESOURCES INTO PLACE

4.61

3.72 3.30 3.40 3.45

93

94

95

96

97

*Adjusted to reflect 5% stock dividends paid in April, 1995 and 1996.

Net operating earnings rose to all-time highs for the year and for each of the last three quarters of 1997.

Our continued ability to grow is limited only by our ability to develop our staff and technology resources. During 1997 we made major progress: · We expanded the leadership ranks of corporate officers, promoting Theodore F. Elchynski to Chief Financial Officer and appointing Vice Presidents Kenneth S. Miller, CLU, ChFC and Kenneth W. Stecher. · The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company appointed President and Chief Operating Officer David H. Popplewell, FALU, LLIF and Senior Vice President Glenn D. Nicholson, LLIF, Senior Marketing Officer. They are rapidly implementing product and marketing initiatives to expand the

independent life agent distribution network, accelerate revenue growth, lower unit costs and achieve unparalleled service. · We partnered with leading technology consultants to begin developing an Intranet-based system that will be accessible from our headquarters and from our field representative and agent offices. This technology is planned to make us more efficient and more effective, with systems that enhance our trademark flexibility and personal relationships. Early in 1998, we firmed up plans for another infrastructure item, construction of a second office tower on the CFC Headquarters property. We outgrew the current tower about a year ago and now have close to 300 associates in other buildings. With continued steady growth, the new building will fill up very quickly following the two-year construction timeframe.
REWARDING SHAREHOLDERS

Standard & Poor's added CINF to the S&P 500 Index at the close of trading on December 17, 1997. The S&P 500 is a key barometer of stock market activity and performance benchmarks for professional money managers. Selection to the index called attention to our strong market position and operating results. Following the announcement, trading increased and our share price soared. Two months down the road, the price seems stabilized at about one and a half times book value.

2

Left to right: John J. Schiff, Chairman of the Executive Committee; Robert B. Morgan, President and Chief Executive Officer; John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU, Chairman of the Board.

During each of the past 37 years, your Company has raised cash dividends paid to shareholders. Adjusted for stock dividends and splits, dividends paid per share rose to $1.60 in 1997 from $0.43 in 1987, a 14.0 percent ten-year compound growth rate. At their meeting in February of 1998, the Board of Directors declared a $0.05 per share increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend, raising the indicated annual dividend to $1.84 per share. The Board also announced plans to declare a three-for-one split to be distributed in May, pending shareholder approval on April 4 of an authorized share increase to 200 million from 80 million. This would be the 27th stock dividend or split over the past 41 years. Shareholders who purchased one share prior to the first dividend in 1957, and who held all shares accrued from stock dividends and splits, would own 1,947 shares after the proposed distribution in May. The planned

split would improve liquidity of CINF shares, bringing convenience for investors and supporting increased trading from mutual funds that invest to track the S&P 500 Index. For the year ended December 31, 1997, CINF's 121 percent total return to shareholders, including share appreciation and dividends, was the fifth highest among all S&P 500 Index companies. Cincinnati Financial's convertible debenture was the top performing debenture in the country for 1997. The events of 1997 and the outlook for 1998 would appear to make this a great time to own CFC shares. We thank you for your confidence and for the opportunity to reward you, our loyal shareholders.
OUR AGENT, OUR CUSTOMER, OUR ADVANTAGE

mission places agents at the center of our identity. We follow through, making sure every move enhances our agents' ability to add value to the insurance transaction for people and businesses in their communities. Giving our agent customers what they need to compete continuously raises the bar, requiring us to set and exceed ever higher standards for products, profitability, service and financial strength. We are a specialty company. Our specialty is not a product niche; we prefer to offer a broad range of products so agents can rely on us to be their first-choice carrier for all of their good business. Our specialty is a distribution strategy--the local independent agent strategy--and it offers abundant rewards for those who do it extremely well. We pledge to support our strong, dynamic independent agent customers as they find and serve that large percentage of the population that wants more than commodity insurance products and services. That is what differentiates us from other companies, creating superior value for our agents, shareholders, policyholders, associates and community.
/s/ Robert B. Morgan Robert B. Morgan President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ John J. Schiff, Jr. John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman of the Board
/s/ John J. Schiff, Jr.

While other companies may distribute through local independent agents and/or other channels, Cincinnati is a company whose very

John J. Schiff Chairman of the Executive Committee 3

