ByDesign
Structured for Strength and Stability

To Our Shareholders:

responsiveness to stakeholder needs. During 2002, The Cincinnati Insurance Companies acted consistently with our mission of increasing stability for stakeholders, including our independent agent representatives, policyholders, claimants, shareholders, company associates and communities. First and foremost, agents need stable markets. A better insurance pricing environment has created opportunities to improve our underwriting results and operations. In 2002, we continued to raise prices as appropriate, to gather more risk data, to tighten underwriting guidelines, to apply fewer discounts and credits,
Net income before net realized investment gains and losses reached $300 million, making this our most profitable year ever. Performance measures for property casualty insurance were positive, with premiums up and losses and expenses down as a percent of premiums.

The year ended with a strong second half, and your company reported 2002 full-year net income of $238 million, up 23.3 percent. Net income before net realized investment gains and losses reached $300 million, making this our most profitable year ever. Performance measures for property casualty insurance were positive, with premiums up and losses and expenses down as a percent of premiums. In three of the four quarters, the statutory combined ratio improved to less than 100 percent ­ at or near the breakeven point for underwriting profitability. For the full year, the combined ratio improved to 98.4 percent, the first sub-100 full-year ratio since 1997. These 2002 accomplishments are works in progress. We will have to keep pressing in 2003 with all of the profitability initiatives that now have started to benefit your company's performance. These results represent the beginning, not the end, of our response to company-specific challenges of the past three years, as well as to broader marketplace issues. The world in which our stakeholders live today seems more uncertain, a little more likely to bring unwanted surprises than in the past. While we cannot fix political and economic instability, we have made deliberate choices to establish and maintain financial strength and an operating structure that supports and increases your company's
2

and to revise policy contracts to address new or increased exposures to risk. These underwriting actions and continued discipline enabled us to preserve markets while giving agents and

policyholders choice and control. Looking at each piece of business separately, we crafted solutions by changing deductibles, limits or other terms. We have deliberately been followers rather than market leaders when it comes to restricting coverages, choosing to do so only where it is necessary to restore profitability or avoid becoming the default market for unacceptable risks. An approach we apply where reasonable is to limit coverage provided by the basic policy and provide higher limit options at a separate charge, giving agents and policyholders more control over coverage and price.

 Back to table of contents

Our agents support these measures. They are the ones presenting double-digit price increases to policyholders, and they are the ones working harder than ever
John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU, addressed top-producing agents at the President's Club event in June.

would be $136 million for your company in 2003. Our rating plan for new and renewal policies in most areas will add a charge of just 1 or 2 percent to policy premium. This choice provides important peace of mind and encourages policyholders to purchase the coverage, achieving the goal of spreading the risk. While our reinsurance and the government plan are steps in the right direction, we believe more must be done to protect policyholders and insurers from devastating terror losses. Investors need restored confidence in the stability of corporate America. Over the course of 2002, high-profile meltdowns of large companies continued to shake the investment world, and a weak economy helped reduce portfolio values. Most executives are honest and most balance sheets remain strong. However, all corporate leaders must do more to demonstrate integrity by adding checks and balances to our governance and disclosure practices. Your company has a hard-working board that brings candor and expertise ­ agency, financial and operational ­ to the table. Directors attend educational programs as well as company and agent events so they can make informed decisions. During 2002, an independent director became chair of the nominating committee, and a new independent director joined your company's board: Gretchen W. Price is vice president ­ finance and accounting, Global Market Development Organization, Procter & Gamble. Early in 2003, CFC Director and Chief Investment Officer James G. Miller retired. Jim formed our investment department in 1972 and CinFin Capital Management Company in 1998. We are working to update and publish board committee charters and a code of ethics, preparing to comply fully with all new regulations when or before they take effect.
3

before to find the limits, coverages and

terms their clients need. They do this willingly because they know that having access to insurers that are financially secure, highly rated and profitable enhances their own stability and that of their policyholders. Policyholders need stable protection. As prices in the insurance marketplace firmed, so did the reinsurance prices that primary insurers pay to cap their losses from larger risks and catastrophes. Reinsurance agreements spread losses, making it possible to write business that insurers could not otherwise accept. We negotiated 2003 reinsurance agreements that protect the company and our policyholders. Pricing rose modestly as we retained more risk, a cost-effective choice afforded by your company's superior capital and surplus condition. With our focus on relatively low-risk Main Street business, we had chosen not to exclude terrorism losses for most commercial policies. Our 2003 reinsurance agreements do protect us for the terrorism exposure, with certain limitations. Additionally, the federal government acted to provide a backstop for the industry's annual aggregate commercial losses exceeding $10 billion due to international terrorism events. Insurers would pay losses within their retentions, which

 Back to table of contents

Overview of Investment Operations
A Steady Performance in Unsteady Times
Pre-tax investment income from our portfolio rose to an all-time high of $445 million, up 5.6 percent for the year. Because we select equity holdings with annual dividend yields in the range of 1.5 percent to 3.0 percent, a steady flow of dividends added stability to our investment income. At year-end 2002, gross annualized dividend income from common stocks stood at $185 million, including $12 million from dividend increases announced during 2002 by 28 of our 46 equity holdings. During 2002, historically low interest rates and a third consecutive year of stock market declines both affected your company's ability to invest strong cash flows. Net realized losses were $94 million, including impairments of $98 million, or less than 1 percent of our $11.189 billion portfolio, for securities that had been in an unrealized loss position for several quarters. Net realized gains from sales of investment assets were positive at $8 million versus
Portfolio of Fixed-Income and Equity Assets
as of December 31, 2002
Book Value: $5.6 billion
Common Stocks $1,959 million Investment-Grade Bonds $1,374 million High-Yield Bonds $717 million Municipal Bonds $1,055 million Convertible Securities $491 million (preferred stocks and debentures)

$11 million in 2001. At December 31, 2002, net unrealized portfolio gains, noted on our balance sheets in accumulated other comprehensive income, totaled $3.643 billion versus $4.113 billion at year-end 2001. 2002 year-end book value was $34.65, down from $37.07 a year ago but up from $34.14 at the end of the third quarter. In response to current economic conditions, we are favoring

9%

shorter bond maturities, higher credit quality and municipals with
35%

19%

tax-exempt income for the fixed-income portfolio. On the equity side, your company's total return investment strategy is based on the compounding of cash flows over time.

13% 24%

We like income; we like growth; and we are patient. We consistently select and hold securities with a proven record of

Market Value: $11.2 billion
Common Stocks $7 ,464 million Investment-Grade Bonds $1,470 million High-Yield Bonds $651 million Municipal Bonds $1,111 million Convertible Securities $492 million (preferred stocks and debentures)

steadily increasing sales, earnings and dividends and a favorable outlook, managing equity investments the same way your company manages insurance operations ­ leveraging personal knowledge and relationships. By controlling the number of holdings, monitoring fundamentals and studying executive leadership, we manage concentration of risk and achieve advantages.

4% 10% 6%

Financial Services
CFC Investment Company leases and finances vehicle,
67%

13%

equipment and real estate for Cincinnati's independent agencies, their commercial clients and other businesses. 2002 net income was $4 million, including $2 million from the sale of a property.

Approximately $69 in invested assets supported each Cincinnati Financial common share at year-end 2002. Common stocks represented just 35% of the portfolio's book value. These stocks have performed well over time, appreciating to account for 67% of market value.

CinFin Capital Management Company, now in its fourth year, manages $726 million of assets for 35 clients, mostly institutional clients such as pension funds and insurance companies or agencies. Net income was $1 million in 2002, up 19.4 percent.

4

 Back to table of contents

Investment Income
Less Expenses

In 2002, we formalized a disclosure process and committee to verify that financial reporting continues to exceed regulatory standards in both timing and content. We plan to adopt accounting standards to expense options on the income statement as soon as valuation methodology is finalized so that companies provide consistent, comparable information. At this time, the effect of stock option grants shows up in diluted per-share numbers on the income statement. Your company's associates are working to secure bright and stable futures. We provide reasonable compensation, including stock option grants, to deserving associates. Options align their interests with those of shareholders. Your company has been a leader in using options to motivate and reward non-executive associates, from field associates to file clerks. The five most senior executives received less than 14 percent of options granted in 2002, while nearly 50 percent was awarded to associates below the junior officer level. Your company develops and promotes associates to create depth and stability. CFC Vice President Kenneth S. Miller, mentored by Jim Miller since 1979, now heads our investment department. Ken and the 10 portfolio managers on his staff average eight years of Cincinnati experience, exemplifying the benefits of investing in associates. Shareholders seek a stable, fair return on their investment. We believe the way to increase the price of Cincinnati Financial shares is to keep increasing earnings and book value. While your company's performance is affected by insurance pricing cycles and economic conditions, we believe that the best long-term results will come when we hold unwaveringly to our underwriting and investing standards. Earnings improved in 2002, as underwriting initiatives reduced loss

frequency and firmer prices offset severity. On the investment side, book at year-end 2001. We are monitoring Fifth Third Bancorp and the other well-managed companies in our portfolio. Their market values should recover over time as they continue to achieve earnings growth, comply with regulations and benefit from any broad marketplace events that reduce uncertainty. Our commitment to increase earnings and book value has resulted in 42 consecutive years of steadily increasing cash dividends paid to the board again voted to increase the quarterly payout, bringing the indicated annual dividend to $1.00 per share. Additionally, the company repurchased more than a million of its own shares in 2002 and intends to continue repurchasing amounts that at least offset dilution from options. During 2002, a total of $184 million was returned to shareholders. On February 1, 2003, value declined to $34.65 versus $37.07

(dollars in millions) 421 01 01 13,914 445 02 02 14,059

98

368

99

387 99 11,770

00 *

*Excludes BOLI interest

Pre-tax investment income grew 5.6% in 2002, contributing to a five-year compound growth rate of 5%. Steadily increasing dividends from equity holdings helped offset low prevailing interest rates.

Assets
(dollars in millions) 13,239 00

98

Total assets rose $145 million as of December 31, 2002. Over the past five years, assets grew at a 7.3% compound rate.

shareholders through dividends and repurchases. * * * The discipline and momentum of 2002 have built strength that should help Cincinnati outperform in 2003 and beyond. We expect improved pricing and risk selection to continue driving healthy cash flow to pay claims and to invest for current income and future appreciation. We remain confident in a strong and stable future for your company.

/S/ John J. Schiff, Jr.,

John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 6, 2003
5

 Back to table of contents

11,482

410

