To Our Shareholders, Friends and Associates:
 Your company broke some records in 2008. Uncharacteristically, this was not good news. Policyholders of The Cincinnati Insurance
Companies suffered record storm damages in the first half of the year. Then, winds from Hurricane Ike came through the Midwest in September, causing our largest gross loss ever from a single catastrophe, $129 million, reduced by reinsurance to a net loss of $58 million.
The property casualty insurance industry – our main business – endured a fifth year of pricing pressure. As disciplined underwriters, we experienced a decline of 3.4 percent in net written premiums in 2008 compared with a decline of 0.8 percent industrywide.
For the first time, earnings on our investment portfolio were less than the year before. Our
$537 million of pretax investment income was off
11.6 percent from the 2007 total on lower dividends paid by holdings in our equity portfolio. This shortfall is one reflection of the forces buffeting the investment markets over the past months. Because of our low cost basis, we were able to lock in gains on sales of many holdings, leading to $686 million of net gains from investment transactions. Those gains were partially offset by unprecedented non-cash write-downs of $510 million, arising from our judgment that securities we continue to hold in our portfolio may not recover lost market value within a reasonable period of time.
Our capital remained at high levels despite this multitude of pressures, but volatility in our equity portfolio caused ratings agencies to place our ratings on negative review and then lower them. By year-end 2008, A.M. Best Co. and Moody’s Investors Service had Stable
outlooks on our ratings. Our
property casualty group rating
from A.M. Best remains in
the Superior category, but at
A+ it is a notch down from
the A++ we enjoyed for many
years. This rating of our
financial strength continues
in the top 10 percent of the
more than 1,000 insurer
groups A.M. Best rates. Our
insurance companies are
capitalized at levels far
exceeding regulatory
requirements, increasing our
flexibility through all periods to invest in and expand our insurance operations.
When all was said and done, net income totaled $429 million, about half of 2007 earnings. Year-end book value was $25.75 compared with $35.70 at year-end 2007. We take little consolation in knowing that we were not alone in these disappointments and that broader economic and natural forces were at work. And we cannot say the worst is over. The first two months of the year have made it clear that we need to brace for another difficult year in 2009.
What we will say is that our agent-centered business model is sound and gives a solid foundation for our next steps. We were not sufficiently prepared for all that happened in 2008. We cannot change the past, but we certainly have learned from it. We took major steps in response to the current extreme conditions, and we
John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU (left), chairman of the board, with Kenneth W. Stecher, president and chief executive officer. The leadership transition in mid-2008 separated the chairman and CEO roles and responsibilities.
1
 
 Creating Long-term Value
2008 Consolidated Revenues of $3,824 million (In millions)
Net and Operating* Income Per common share
 Operating income* Net income
   $2,316
$138
$537
* Other includes $126 million life and $5 million surplus lines insurance earned premiums and other earned revenues.
** Investment income less expenses
$4.97
Commercial
Lines Earned Premiums (60.6%) Personal
Lines Earned Premium (18.0%) Other (3.8%)* Investment Income (14.0%)** Net Realized Investment
Gains (3.6%)
$5.30
    $689 $144
$3.28 $2.94
04
$3.40 $2.82
$3.54
 $3.17
    $2.62 $2.10
      Book Value
Per common share
Cash Dividends Declared Per common share
Cash dividends declared Dividend contribution
*
The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures on www.cinfin.com defines and reconciles measures presented in this report that are not based on GAAP or Statutory Accounting Principles.
05
06
07 08
  Book value
Book value change
$35.60 $34.88
12.9% (2.0%)
$1.56
4.4% 3.6%
  $39.38
  $35.70
(9.3%)
(27.9%)
$1.34 $1.42
   $25.75
$1.21 $1.04
     1.4%
3.0%
3.8% 3.4%
   04 05 06 07 08
04 05 06 07 08
Consolidated revenues show the contribution of our insurance and investment operations, while net and operating income are important measures of the value we create for shareholders. With the current economic and market uncertainty, we believe our value creation ratio is an appropriate way to measure our long-term progress because it also captures the importance we place on paying cash dividends to shareholders:
Rate of growth in book value per share (book value change)
+ Ratio of dividends declared per share to beginning book value per share (dividend contribution)
= Value creation ratio
In 2008, this measure was below our long-term target, and it may be again in 2009, pressured by external forces and our continued investment in our business.
In the period 2010 through 2014, we believe implementation of our strategic plan will lead to a five-year value creation ratio of 12 to 15 percent. This outlook anticipates that commercial insurance pricing will start to firm during 2009 and that the economy and financial markets can resume a growth track by the end of 2010. If those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may not be able to achieve our performance targets even after accomplishing our strategic plan.
 2
are confident we are building a more competitive and agile company.
We have the resources, the plans and the people to create long-term value for shareholders, policyholders,
agents and associates. Our efforts in 2008, to be multiplied in 2009 and beyond, will firm up our position of strength and we will emerge a stronger competitor than ever over the next five years.
Strong Financial Resources
We are going forward with strong liquidity and capital.
Cash on hand was more than $1 billion at year-end. Implementing revised portfolio guidelines, we sold selected equity investments in 2008 and early 2009, locking in gains and reducing volatility by increasing sector and company diversification. In particular, we took our financial sector holdings
to 12.4 percent of the equity portfolio at year-end 2008 from 56.2 percent at year-end 2007. We ended the year with no single stock accounting for more than 14.5 percent of the equity portfolio, which

remained in an overall unrealized gain position at year-end.
Reducing our financial sector holdings included taking gains on our position in Fifth Third Bancorp, reducing it to 12 million shares at year-end 2008. During January 2009, we sold most of our remaining financial sector equity holdings, including the last shares from our Fifth Third holding.
Ample reserves and an effective reinsurance program have protected our liquidity, allowing fixed income investments to mature and equity investments to appreciate over time. Even in a tough year like 2008, cash flow provided adequate funds to pay claims. We have never been forced to prematurely sell securities to pay claims. At its year-end value of $5.8 billion, our diversified, highly rated fixed income portfolio more than covers our total insurance reserves.
The parent company has healthy capital and flexibility, with $1.3 billion of cash and invested assets at year-end 2008. In the current environment, we intend to preserve capital and did not repurchase shares in the second half of 2008. Low debt leverage also increases our flexibility. We had access at year-end 2008 to
$176 million on our lines of credit, and our three issues of long-term debt are not due until 2028 and 2032.
Through 2008, your Cincinnati Financial cash dividends increased annually for 48 consecutive years, a record that fewer than a dozen U.S. companies can claim. Generally, our directors declared the increases during the first quarter. In February 2009, the board maintained the quarterly dividend at 39 cents, postponing discussion of a 2009 increase to later
in the year. Many other companies have cut dividends in recent months, including some that contributed to our investment income. As we make quarterly 2009 dividend decisions, we’ll carefully weigh our dividend record, responsibly considering our resources and our initiatives to preserve capital and grow profitably over the long term.
 With $3.360 billion of property casualty statutory surplus and a ratio of written premiums to surplus of only 0.9 to 1, we are deploying capital and resources where they will help us expand
and succeed.
Strategic Operating Plans
We are working toward improved efficiencies to benefit agency and company profitability.
Martin F. Hollenbeck, CFA, CPCU (left), senior vice president of investments, with Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, senior vice president and chief financial officer. Hollenbeck and Johnston worked together in 2008 to preserve the company’s capital and financial strength.
We will achieve a good
return, over time, on staffing expense for new territories and states and on new technology to improve ease, efficiency and profitability for our agencies and our company. We have shortened timelines for delivery of our next generation processing systems. We now expect our new system for commercial packages and commercial auto to go live in 10 states in 2009 and most other states in 2010. Our personal lines system now is scheduled to move to a faster, friendlier format in early 2010. Other business data initiatives will
3
 
improve our underwriting and pricing by assuring quality data for use in models for rate-making, forecasting, risk management and other decisions.
Accurate exposure, loss and expense data will help us address weaker property casualty underwriting profitability, partially masked in 2008 by reserve releases. Years of ongoing underwriting efforts, as well as allocation refinements, have built a trend of lower than expected losses from previous years, helping current calendar year profitability. This favorable reserve development more than offset our unusually high catastrophe losses in 2008, allowing a statutory combined ratio near breakeven at 100.4 percent
versus an industrywide ratio of 104.7 percent. We continue in 2009 to apply the same prudent
reserving philosophies and practices that have consistently benefited our results.
Our growth initiatives are succeeding.
Prices continue to be low across the property casualty industry on both new and renewal business. The independent insurance agents who market our policies are helping their clients weigh value and service in addition to price, and they continue to award us a generous portion of their carefully selected new business. Agents are using our three-year policy term as a distinct sales advantage to attract and retain commercial accounts. Agents find that many businesses will pay slightly more to get stable costs on selected coverages, allowing them to budget a known amount.
We wrote $368 million of new business premiums, up 13.1 percent in 2008.
The $43 million increase is about the same amount as the sum of contributions from agencies appointed since 2004 and from our new surplus lines operations. Production generally ramps up over the first 10 years as agency relationships mature.
We continue to expand to new agencies and states, opening central Texas in 2008 and making plans to open Colorado and Wyoming
 Strategy: Improving Insurance Profitability
Strategy: Driving Premium Growth
Property Casualty Net Written Premium Growth Statutory
The Cincinnati Insurance Companies Estimated industry (A.M. Best)
Property Casualty Combined Ratio Statutory
  The Cincinnati Insurance Companies Estimated industry (A.M. Best)
  6.5%
  104.7%
100.4%
3.3% 2.6%
4.0%
0.0%
04 05 06 07 08
      98.9%
101.2%
 95.6% 89.4% 89.0% 92.4% 90.3%
93.9%
4.4%
          (0.8%) (0.8%)
(1.9%)
 (3.4%)
 04 05 06 07 08
We measure the overall success of our initiatives to grow profitability primarily through our combined ratio. We believe this ratio can be consistently below 100 percent over any five-year period. Our GAAP and statutory combined ratios were below 100 percent in each year over the past five years, except 2008 when we experienced a record level of catastrophe losses. Our GAAP combined ratio averaged 92.8 percent over the during the period. Our statutory combined ratio averaged 92.6 percent over the same period compared with an estimated 98.5 percent for a broad group of standard market property casualty insurance companies.
We measure the overall success of our initiatives to expand our geographic footprint and to diversify our premium sources primarily through changes in net written premiums. We believe we can grow faster than the industry average over any five-year period. The compound annual growth rate of our net written premiums was 1.3 percent over the past five years, matching the estimated growth rate for a broad group of standard market property casualty insurance companies.
4

 in 2009. Over time, our westward movement is improving our spread of risk and potentially mitigating catastrophe volatility.
We offer the full range of products our property casualty agencies need to diversify their revenues and meet the needs of people in their local communities. We will see growing contributions from our surplus lines operation – which wrote $14 million in 2008, its first year of operation – and from sales of personal lines by agencies that previously marketed only our commercial policies. By steadily improving our processing systems and pricing accuracy, we are helping agencies see the value of selling our personal lines. Approximately 80 percent of our property casualty agencies sell our life insurance products, which feature simplicity, guarantees and service supported by our investment in imaging and workflow technology.
Committed People, Clear Priorities
We are setting the stage for continuity of leadership, values and commitments.
Our own jobs changed in 2008. As Vice Chairman Jim Benoski was preparing to retire in early 2009 from active employment, we moved ahead with executive transitions. Jack and Jim continue to lead our board
as chairman and vice chairman, respectively. As of
July 1, 2008, Jim passed the presidential torch to Ken, who stepped up from his post as chief financial officer; and Jack likewise turned over chief executive officer duties to Ken. Steve Johnston joined the company to be our new chief financial officer, bringing 25 years of experience in insurance accounting, finance, investments, actuarial and technology.
This is the first time your company’s president and CEO came from outside our insurance underwriting and marketing ranks. With his 40+ years with the company, Ken is the right leader as we sharpen our focus on our efficiency, enterprise risk management, data quality, modeling and technology initiatives to support smart growth and benefit agents, policyholders and shareholders. His selection was timely; together he and Steve brought their seasoned financial perspectives and a measured, analytic approach to our decisions as events of the second half of 2008 unfolded.
At the same time,
responsibilities for several
other executive officers
broadened or changed,
allowing all to round out their
experience and qualifications
to advance in our next
generation of leadership. J.F. Scherer, head of
our Sales & Marketing area, now is executive vice president. Tom Joseph now is president of
Martin J. Mullen, CPCU (left), senior vice president and chief claims officer, with James E. Benoski, vice chairman of the board. Benoski, who had advanced to president in 2006 after a 35-year claims career, retired from active employment in 2009. Under Mullen, management is consolidated for headquarters and field claims operations.
 Thomas A. Joseph, CPCU (left), president of The Cincinnati Casualty Company, with Charles P. (Bud) Stoneburner II, CPCU, AIM, senior vice president of commercial lines. Joseph and Stoneburner head our largest underwriting departments, working together to increase our competitiveness and profitability.
5
  
 Strategy: Preserving Capital
Consolidated Investment Portfolio At December 31, 2008
(In billions)
Fixed-maturity
& Short-term Portfolio Ratings*
Total Insurance Reserves
 Investment grade $5.407
 $0.504
  Life policy reserves $1.551
 Property casualty loss and loss expense reserves** $4.086
Common and preferred equity $2.896
Taxable
fixed maturity (includes short-term) $3.178
Tax- exempt fixed maturity $2.733
=<
Non-investment
grade
* Combined ratings from Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s
 Consolidated Pretax Investment Income Less expenses
** Includes
$46 million of life loss reserves
 Investment income (Dollars in millions) Investment income growth
  $526 $492
6.9%
$608 $570
8.4%
6.7%
$537
(11.7%)
5.8%
 04 05 06 07 08
We are implementing initiatives to preserve our capital and liquidity so that we can successfully grow our insurance business. Despite the unprecedented events of
2008, our financial condition remains strong and our insurance operations remain capitalized at levels well in excess of regulatory requirements. Our reserving practices have historically produced redundancies, with total insurance reserves covered by a highly rated, diversified, fixed-maturity portfolio almost equally divided between taxable and tax-exempt bonds.
Looking forward, the best measures of the success of our initiatives will be:
• Resumption of investment income growth, which averaged 2.9 percent for
2004 through 2008. It grew in each year except 2008 when we experienced a dramatic reduction in dividend payouts by financial services companies held in our equity portfolio, a risk we addressed aggressively during 2008.
• Total return on our equity investment portfolio that exceeds that of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Over the five years ended December 31, 2008, our compound annual equity portfolio return was negative and about 7 percentage points worse than the Index. In 2008, we improved the potential for above-market portfolio performance and reduced the potential for future volatility by increasing sector and company diversification.
6
The Cincinnati Casualty Company, heading up our personal lines operation. Bud Stoneburner has taken the reins in our largest business area, commercial lines.
There also were director transitions in 2008.
Ken joined the board, and Dirk Debbink departed after he was recalled to active military duty and appointed Vice Admiral and Chief of Navy Reserve, U.S. Navy. We thank him, both for his service to your company and for his service to our country.
All of our directors and members of our executive team share a firm commitment to perpetuate our agent-centered values. Agents and policyholders can rely on our board and executive team to continue differentiating Cincinnati in the marketplace making decisions at the local level, providing superior claims service and managing the company to preserve and build financial strength.
We made it a priority to honor relationships and act with integrity as we carried out change.
Some difficult and necessary actions better positioned your company for the future. Foremost among those hard decisions was the one relating to our 2009 dividend, discussed earlier in this letter.
We also moved most of our associates out of
our defined benefit pension plan and into
401(k) accounts with matching contributions. Our
goal was to make our benefits program more attractive to many current and prospective associates while reducing potential volatility on our company balance sheets.
Finally, in February 2009, we chose to close CinFin Capital Management, our asset management subsidiary, suspending fees and facilitating smooth transitions to

 other money managers. Over its 10 years, CinFin Capital had been profitable, but further growth would have required resources we believe we can use more strategically to advance our core insurance business.
Lasting Shareholder Value
We are committed to building long-term rewards for you, our shareholders.
Near-term indicators for the U.S. economy continue negative, although our agents and field representatives are reporting some positive signs that insurance pricing is flattening and may firm. Your company, like most American companies, has never before operated through a period of comparable uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets. In 2008, our total shareholder return was a negative 22.5 percent compared with negative 36.9 percent for the S&P 500 Index.
The many unknowns we all face include details and impacts of government programs affecting everything from banking, insurance and taxes to energy policy,
public construction and entitlements. Even healthy companies like ours that are not recipients of government funds cannot predict how TARP, the stimulus package or other programs may change the environment for our industry or for the businesses and people we insure.
Any specific 2009
performance targets we could
suggest would be heavily
conditioned by assumptions.
In line with the long-term
perspective we use to set
decisions and initiatives, we believe guidance that looks beyond 2009 will prove more helpful to those who study the outlook for our future success.
Larry R. Plum, CPCU, ARe (left), senior vice president of government relations, with Timothy L. Timmel, senior vice president of operations. Plum and Timmel guide departments that help the company safely navigate through changes in legislative and judicial environments and assure our legal and regulatory compliance.
 Better Data > Better Tools > Better Decisions
While our business model and operating discipline are the foundation of our risk management program, we also use financial and actuarial models to help quantify risks, understand how they correlate and identify the impact of various business choices. Financial models help us estimate the impact of our business plans and identify operational targets. Actuarial models simulate various events, giving us a distributional snapshot of their probability, which we consider in making business decisions.
Models rely on historical data and assumptions. Although they cannot predict the future with certainty, they are helpful tools to analyze and understand choices to improve long-term results. For example, we use models to estimate claims reserve needs and catastrophe exposures, applying results as we formulate underwriting and pricing guidelines and plans for geographical expansion. We also use dynamic financial analysis to help understand our capital needs in making reinsurance choices and comparing outcomes of various business strategies. Economic capital models quantify the risks a company faces and calculate both the capital needed to cover them and their risk-adjusted returns.
7
 
8
Our resources, plans and people give us the flexibility we need to assure resilience through all underwriting cycles and economic markets. We are confident that for the five-year period spanning 2010 to 2014, we can achieve an average of 12 to 15 percent for a measure we are calling our value creation ratio. This ratio is the sum of the growth rate of book value per share plus the ratio of dividends declared per share to beginning book value per share. It captures the drivers of our progress in building shareholder value – the contribution of our insurance operations, the success of our investment strategy and the high priority we place on paying cash dividends to you.
We believe this target is achievable as long as there is some firming of commercial insurance prices this year,
and by the end of 2010, a turn toward recovery in the economy and financial markets. Will we achieve this level of value creation in 2009 or in every year of the five-year span? This is unlikely. Our five-year target represents an average, recognizing that the inevitable ups and downs of markets and business cycles, catastrophes and, yes, looming economic uncertainties may take a toll in some years. Our focus is not on timing, but on plans that build success over time.
Short-term pressures cannot alter our focus on achieving success over time through our flexible, relationship-based and agent-centered business model. We are more determined and convinced than ever that we will recover our stride and step up to higher levels of performance over the coming years.
March 16, 2009
/S/ John J. Schiff, Jr.
/S/ Kenneth W. Stecher
___________________
______________________
John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman of the Board
Kenneth W. Stecher
President and Chief Executive Officer
Respectfully,
