To Our Shareholders
VOICES OF STRATEGY

A strong customer focus on the local independent agent drives the strategies that differentiate Cincinnati Financial Corporation and The Cincinnati Insurance Companies:  A flat operating structure--a single headquarters and no branch offices--saves money and speeds response time to our customers.  A strong local field presence gives us a field underwriting advantage and service superiority in claims and other areas.  Exclusivity of our agency contract creates a valued franchise, fueling growth through increased penetration of agencies and easier entry into new territories.  Agent access to executive management boosts our knowledge of markets and positions us to respond quickly to changes.  Underwriting for a profit gives us a cushion to ride out market disruptions, preserving agent and customer relationships.  A total return investment strategy enhances shareholder value by stabilizing earnings and increasing net worth.  Exceptional financial strength means we can change and grow while maintaining the high ratings that help agents sell our products to preferred risks. These strategies share two subtexts. First, their effective implementation depends on talented, can-do people willing to work above and beyond the call. It requires the executive to travel, the underwriter to stay on the phone and find a solution, the claims representative to provide around-the-clock service with genuine concern and care, the marketing representative to call on each agent regularly and ask for business, the investment manager to meet and monitor management of the companies selected for our portfolio. Secondly, these strategies require those people to be exceptional listeners, ready to respond flexibly to individual agents and individual accounts. While other insurers make wholesale moves in and out of entire markets, territories and lines, Cincinnati people do the detail work that lets us stay the course. They listen and learn, then tailor decisions and programs in each case. This report brings you the voices of a few of the people responsible for weaving these strategies into a synergistic system and translating them into action. These are Cincinnati's voices of strategy, voices that take their power from the experience of working hard and listening closely.

What is your assessment of Cincinnati Financial Corporation's 1998 results? President and CEO Bob Morgan:

"After an outstanding 1997 and first quarter 1998, we had disappointing results for the remaining quarters and for the year. The variable in our results over the past 30 years has been the amount of major storm activity in the areas where we write insurance. 1998 was unusual. Seventeen catastrophe-level storms hit every state where we operate except North Dakota and Montana. "Net income was $241.6 million, a tough comparison to almost $300 million for 1997. Net operating income for 1998 was $199.1 million, higher than any year except

investment focus on equities made for a good year from the standpoint of overall appreciation and our book value rose about 19 percent to $33.72. Numbers don't tell the whole story-- our agents are optimistic, our field claims staff is stronger and our geographic scope is wider."
How has the management transition announced last April worked? Bob Morgan:

Net Income/ Dividends Paid*
Per Common Share
(in dollars)

Net Income Dividends Paid
1.81

1.45 1.36 1.21 1.34

down after a lot of technological investment, and we continue to grow at more than double the industry average.

"

Our expense ratio continues to trend

"

1997 and not so bad considering our $93.5 million bill for this year's catastrophes. There are positive signs. Our expense ratio continues to trend down after a lot of technological investment, and we continue to grow at more than double the industry average."
Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Jack Schiff, Jr.:

"I agree with Bob. Our expenses are modest. We're in pretty good shape with investment income higher than ever, $368 million before taxes, and a healthy balance sheet. CFC's

"CFC is at a turning point, ready for the next generation of leaders. 1998 marked the retirement of senior officers Bill Camp, President of CFC Investment Company, and Frank Love, Senior Vice President of Administrative Services. And in November, we appointed a new director, E. Anthony Woods, President and Chief Executive Officer of Deaconess Associations, Inc., a health care organization. He fills the seat formerly held by Jack Schiff, Sr., who died this past October. In 1991, I took over from Jack as Chief Executive Officer. Now I'm preparing to retire this April myself and turn over CEO responsibilities to Jack Schiff, Jr. "He's had 30 years of the best possible training--running an independent agency plus serving as Chairman of CFC's board. Because he has traveled and seen agents and participated in sales meetings for 15 years, it's been a smooth transition. He has eased into control over all operational areas. People are secure with the change. Agents would tell you it's been business as usual--and the agent is our customer."
Jack Schiff, Jr.:

.371/3

.42

.472 /3

.531/3

.592 /3

94

95

96

97

98

*Adjusted to reflect 5% stock dividends paid in April 1995 and 1996 and a 3-for-1 stock split paid in May 1998.

Dividends paid rose for the 38th consecutive year.

Net Operating Income*
Per Common Share
(in Dollars)

1.54

1.24 1.13 1.15

1.19

94

95

96

97

98

"The biggest challenge is to adjust to a faster pace than I ever imagined. I am blessed because

*Adjusted to reflect 5% stock dividends paid in April 1995 and 1996 and a 3-for-1 stock split paid in May 1998.

1998 earnings included 36 cents for catastrophe losses.

3

subsidiary, CinFin Capital Management, gives us the potential to generate fee-based income by making our internal investment expertise available externally."
Jack Schiff, Jr.:

Chairman and Chief Operating Officer John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU and President and Chief Executive Officer Robert B. Morgan, in front of the Company's expanding headquarters site in Fairfield, Ohio.

over all operational areas. People are secure with the change.

"

Jack Schiff, Jr., has eased into control

"

"Our best opportunity for revenue and earnings growth is going to be these same local agents. As they merge and become larger, we will increase our volume and penetration. Plus, we'll appoint a high caliber of agencies in new and existing states and territories to offset merged agencies, keeping our agency appointments under 1,000, which is an optimal number for maintaining personal relationships. We'll look at expanding into states contiguous to existing territories, states with favorable regulatory environments. We're working on Utah and Idaho for 1999."
What is CFC doing to increase shareholder value? Jack Schiff, Jr.:

Chris Smith Photography

Bob has put into place experienced managers with good judgment, dedication and job knowledge. They carry the day."
What will be the most significant sources of growth in the future? Bob Morgan:

"We'll grow by identifying the specialty policies and products agents want most. We write as much of an agent's book of business as we can so they can meet the needs of their clients without the expense of working with additional specialty carriers. We'll develop broad coverages without a lot of exclusions because that's what our customers want. We'll offer one-stop service by increasing the profile of our life insurance and leasing arms over the coming years. And our newest

"Our fundamentals are sound and our performance over the long run should reward investors who stay with us through difficult periods like 1998. We are committed to consistent growth of shareholder value. 1998 was our 38th consecutive year of increased cash dividends. Dividends paid per share rose to 592/3 cents in 1998 from 17 cents in 1988, adjusted for stock dividends and splits,

"

We'll look at expanding into states

contiguous to existing territories, states with favorable regulatory environments. We're working on Utah and Idaho for 1999.

"

4

Remembering JOHN J. SCHIFF, 1916-1998
Independent Insurance Agent

performance over the long run should reward investors who stay with us through difficult periods like 1998.

"

Our fundamentals are sound and our

including a three-for-one in May. That's a 13.4 percent compound growth rate for the ten years through 1998. We've declared a 10.9 percent increase in the cash dividend for 1999's first quarter, raising the indicated annual dividend to 68 cents per share."
Bob Morgan:

"

"We believe the Company's common stock represents an attractive investment, with its price currently below year-end book value. Recently, the Board authorized repurchase of up to 17 million shares by year-end 2000. We plan to buy back about 10 percent of our outstanding shares, and we've increased our quarterly dividend 10.9 percent, to affirm our confidence in our people, our business strategy and outlook for the future."

/s/ Robert B. Morgan

Robert B. Morgan President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ John J. Schiff, Jr.

John J. Schiff, Jr., CPCU Chairman and Chief Operating Officer

Of all of the ways to describe Jack Schiff, the phrase that brought him the most honor was "independent insurance agent." Jack became an independent agent in 1938, founding the John J. Schiff Agency. After serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II, he proposed an idea to three other Ohio agents--Harry M. Turner, Chester T. Field and Jack Schiff and The Ohio State University Marching Band Robert C. Schiff. Jack conceived of "a company sponsored by excellent agents and one that would build the relationship of partnership with agents." In 1950, they organized The Cincinnati Insurance Company. Success broadened the scope of the enterprise, creating Cincinnati Financial Corporation, now a Fortune 1000 corporation with six subsidiaries. Yet Jack never stopped being an agent, first and foremost. He remained a licensed and active agent for several years after retiring as Chief Executive Officer of Cincinnati Financial Corporation in 1991. Jack worked with boundless energy to show that local independent agents are the best way to deliver the industry's benefits to the public. While many insurers see independent agents as a distribution channel, Jack's company saw them as founders, directors on the Board and executive officers. Today, seven agent directors have voices on the Cincinnati Financial Board; and senior officers, including Jack Schiff, Jr., Larry Plum, J.F. Scherer and Tom Joseph, speak from years of agency experience. Jack's voice lives on in traditions born of the agency experience and nurtured in our Company: "Take care of your pennies and the dollars will take care of themselves." Well-managed agencies control postage and paper costs and get better results by doing business in person. Today, Cincinnati has low company expenses and a reputation for person-to-person relationships. "Where the arts flourish, business also prospers." Local agents forge strong connections to their communities, taking the lead in creating and protecting quality of life. Today, the Company supports the arts, schools and charities with volunteers and dollars. "Insurance is the business of trust." Agents build a network of clients by earning and rewarding loyal friends. Today, the Company Jack built merges a strong work ethic with the Golden Rule, offering policies and claim service that treat people the way we would want to be treated. That's his legacy, the legacy of an "excellent agent"...and our pledge.

Courtesy of The Ohio State University

5

