 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Your company returned a total of $315 million to shareholders in 2013, paying out cash dividends and repurchasing one million shares. To return capital to shareholders, we favor cash dividends; and we have increased them in each of the past 53 years. Already in January 2014, the board of directors has set the stage for a 54th consecutive year, a streak we believe is matched by only nine other companies.
The 4.8 percent increase in the quarterly dividend payable in April 2014 reflects our solid 2013
performance and the strong capital that supports future growth of our insurance operations. Shareholders’ equity rose to more than $6 billion at year-end, benefiting from higher
fair value of our equity portfolio and net income that reached $517 million, up 23 percent year over year.
Better weather helped us achieve healthy results for our insurance operations. More importantly, those results also reflected diligent execution of our deliberate growth and profitability strategies, and we expect further benefits from our initiatives to accrue over time.
Property casualty net written premiums again saw double-digit growth in 2013 from higher pricing and record new business. The combined ratio improved to 93.8 percent, with pretax underwriting profit rising 70 percent to $233 million.
Profitable growth of insurance operations continues to provide fuel for our investment operations. Our larger overall securities portfolio and higher dividends from our equity holdings compensated for the
Steven J. Johnston (left), president
and chief executive officer, with
Kenneth W. Stecher, chairman of
the board.
   88.6%
3-year shareholder
return, including 38.4% for 2013
effects of lower interest rates, maintaining pretax investment income within less than 1 percent of last year’s total. At year-end, the portfolio held
ACHIEVING OUR GOALS, YEAR AFTER YEAR
We manage our business with the intent to achieve good results through all stages of economic and insurance cycles. Year after year, we expect our combined ratio to be within the range of 95 percent to 100 percent, and we expect to grow faster than the industry average. By the end of 2015, we estimate full-year direct written premiums from our property casualty and life insurance operations can reach
$5 billion.
$2.335 billion of pretax unrealized investment gains, up 25 percent from year-end 2012.
1
Insurance should...
Your company continues a commitment to be the best insurance company serving independent agents, evolving with the times to support that vision with new products, services and tools . In the highlighted parts of this letter, you will read about how we partner with and support independent agents so that together, we can be Everything Insurance Should Be for the people and businesses they serve .
Everything Insurance Should Be®
    
  Everything Insurance Should Be®
Insurance should...center on professional independent agents. They are the face of insurance, fulfilling expectations about Everything Insurance Should Be – everything it should do – for people in their communities .
We optimize our staff, product offerings, tools and services to deepen our relationships with our elite corps of independent agents and increase the advantages their relationships with clients bring to the marketplace:
• Our newest subsidiary, Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters, has improved our agents’ ease of writing accounts with special characteristics requiring excess and surplus insurance . Agents placed $128 million of net written premiums from these accounts with us in 2013, the sixth full year of operation .
• Target Markets managers continued developing new programs and expertise in 2013, enhancing opportunities for agents to market custom coverage and services for niche business types found in every community .
• Blog.cinfin.com, new in 2013, features insurance and loss prevention tips . The content is designed for agents to share on social media, giving policyholders another benefit from their relationships with their independent agents and Cincinnati Insurance .
• Our Loss Control staff increased support in 2013 for our commercial marketing and underwriting activities . They visit prospective clients’ premises with agents, offering safety and loss prevention tips and special pricing on tools and training
from best-in-class providers .
                                            1,450 agency relationships, including 96 new appointments in 2013
 $17.7
billion
total assets at December 31, 2013
As we saw in 2013, performing at these levels generates strong cash flow to expand our investment portfolio and increase investment income, supporting our primary performance target of an annual value creation ratio averaging 10 percent to 13 percent for the period of 2013 through 2017. We believe the value creation ratio is an appropriate metric because it considers our ability to increase the book value of your company and your
shareholder dividends.
For 2013, the ratio
reached 16.1 percent,
resulting in a solid
13.1 percent annual
average for the five years
beginning with 2009.
2013 was a better year for the property casualty industry too. Ratings agency A.M. Best Co. estimates that industry net written premiums rose 4.8 percent, the industry’s statutory combined ratio improved to 97.6 percent and industry surplus set a new record. To continue improving on these results, our industry and our company will need to proactively manage risk. Below we discuss some potential industry issues identified by A.M. Best and others, adding information about what your company is doing to address them from multiple angles and to continue outperforming over the long term.
• Potential re-emergence of competitive pressure on pricing
In past periods of strong industry profitability and high surplus, some insurers have aggressively pursued market share, driving down prices and softening the overall market.
Whether the market is hard or soft, your company’s underwriters are trained to price accounts with adequate margin for profit. With improved data and pricing analytics capabilities, they can be confident that pricing is right for the business
 2

 FINANCIAL REVIEW
 2013 CONSOLIDATED REVENUES
(in millions)
          Total:
$4.5 billion
$2,639
Commercial Lines (58.2%)
$962
Personal Lines (21.2%)
$116
Excess and Surplus Lines (2.6%)
$193
Life Insurance (4.3%)
$529
Investment Income (11.7%)
$92
Net Realized Investment Gains and Other (2.0%)
   INVESTED ASSETS
At fair value (in billions)
$11.5 $11.8 $10.6
$13.6 $12.5
 09 10 11 12 13
  NET AND OPERATING* INCOME
Per common share, diluted
Net income Operating income
$2.65
$2.30
$1.67
  $3.12
$2.57 $2.80 $2.40
       $1.32
$1.01
  $0.73
 09 10 11 12 13
*The Definitions of Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliation to Comparable GAAP Measures are in our quarterly news releases, which are available on the Investors page of our website cinfin.com .
 Consolidated revenues rose 10 percent in 2013, compared with 2012, with earned premiums up 11 percent. Invested assets continued a steady growth pattern, reflecting positive operating cash flows and rising market valuations. Net income increased by 23 percent in 2013, largely due to improvement in the contribution of property casualty underwriting from lower catastrophe losses, higher pricing and other underwriting and loss cost management efforts.
 BOOK VALUE
Per common share
Book value
Book value growth*
   $30.79 $31.03 $29.14
13.5%
5.7%
11.1%
$37.21
 $33.48
7.9% 0.8%
    09 10 11 12 13
*Year-over-year change in book value per share
  CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED
Per common share
Cash dividends declared Dividend contribution*
$1.57 $1.59 $1.605 $1.62
6.1%
09 10 11 12 13
*Calculated as dividends declared per share to beginning book value per share
   $1.655
   5.4% 5.2% 5.2%
5.0%
       VALUE CREATION RATIO*
19.7%
11.1%
16.1%
12.6%
 6.0%
09 10 11 12 13
*A discussion of the value creation ratio and a reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures are available on Pages 43-45 of our 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K .
  Book value per share continued to move higher, and 2013 marked the 53rd consecutive year of an increase to our shareholder dividend. Growth in book value plus the contribution of our shareholder dividend, both measured as a percentage of book value at the beginning of the year, are the components of our value creation ratio. During 2009 through 2013 our annual value creation ratio averaged 13.1 percent. The 2013 ratio improved by 3.5 percentage points over 2012, including 0.8 points from better operating results and 0.9 points from investment portfolio gains, plus 1.8 points from other items.
3

 Insurance should...serve agents and their clients where
they live and work. Approximately one-third of our associates live and work in our agents’ local communities, giving us a strong competitive advantage .
Since 2009, our total staffing has decreased, yet field staff has grown by 9 percent as we added territories and improved service:
• Field marketing representatives have decision- making authority and headquarters support . A headquarters unit formed in 2013 works to speed up commercial quotes and submissions, freeing field marketing representatives to spend more time with agents, their clients and prospects .
• We continued in 2013 to define and add specialized,
expert field functions for loss control, personal lines
marketing and technology training, excess and surplus
lines underwriting, workers’ compensation claims, large property claims and other areas .
• Local service is win-win . Serving neighbors highlights our commitment to get the right protection in place, be available 24/7, satisfy the customer and earn loyalty. Our associates’ familiarity with local people, properties and events also validates our underwriting process, helping assure that we know exactly what risks we are accepting and what price is right .
Everything Insurance Should Be®
        We offer business, home, auto and life insurance solutions designed to meet the needs of approximately 75% of the risks in our agencies’ communities
they are writing or renewing. Their success shows in 4 percentage points of improvement for the 2013 accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses.
For our commercial lines of business, underwriters consider modeled prices along with other knowledge about the risk, as noted by the agent or our local field representative. This combination of science and art
led to pricing on renewing policies that increased at a mid-single-digit rate, on average, through the end of 2013. These increases are in addition to any exposure increases an insured business may have due to the slowly recovering economy. Further, in our commercial excess and surplus lines, average renewal prices increased at a high-single- digit rate.
For our personal lines of business, average pricing continues to rise, with increases on some individual policies lower or higher based on attributes of the risk and our enhanced pricing precision enabled by predictive models. In October 2013, we began a round of rate increases averaging approximately
10 percent for the homeowner line of business.
Beginning in the first half of 2013, we also implemented personal auto rate changes averaging in the low-single-digit range in most of the 30 states where agents market our personal lines policies.
We maintained discipline over the course of the year as our higher rates and underwriting actions tempered new business, which came in 1 percent under 2012’s record amount. By keeping rate increases ahead of loss costs, we plan to continue achieving personal lines underwriting profits.
• Potential for higher levels of catastrophes
In 2013, the industry’s overall level of catastrophe- related losses declined to the lowest point since 2007, although some parts of the country experienced high
  4

weather-related losses. With no U.S. hurricanes and fewer tornadoes than in recent years, catastrophes added an estimated 3.2 percentage points to the industry’s combined ratio.
Your company’s 4.6 points for catastrophe losses was well below our 10-year average of 6.1 points and less than half of our 2012 catastrophe impact. However, we have more work to do to mitigate the effects of our geographical concentration in the Midwest
and South.
We are doing that work. We expect to see gradual improvements due to our expansion in recent years to new states and regions where we have identified growth opportunities. For example, our personal lines earned premiums in the four highest volume states where we offer personal lines rose 6 percent, while rising 17 percent for all
other states in total as we progress toward geographic diversification. We have opened seven states outside of the Midwest for personal lines business since 2008. We are preparing to open Connecticut and Washington in 2014.
In 2013, we implemented several initiatives to reduce weather-related property losses. During the period 2013-2015, we plan to complete inspections for approximately 300,000 homes or business properties, including roughly 130,000 in 2014. We are also increasing our use of higher minimum deductibles for homeowner policies and per-building deductibles for commercial risks, and using special wind and hail deductibles in areas prone to severe convective storm activity. We expect these actions, along with others such as more use of actual cash value coverage for older roofs, to reduce the impact of catastrophes.
To manage catastrophe risk, we further reduced our coastal exposures in 2013, selectively nonrenewing personal lines policies in Georgia and announcing a nonrenewal program beginning in 2014 for personal lines accounts written by our Florida agencies.
Under our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program, our maximum exposure to a catastrophic event that
  20%
of our
$110 million of personal lines new business in 2013 came from states where we began marketing since 2008
5
  Everything Insurance Should Be®
Insurance should...offer an exceptional claims experience. Policyholders can’t really know they chose the right agency and insurer until they have claims . Our responsiveness is the proof they need .
The structure of our claims operation differentiates our company, increasing responsiveness to a level that is hard for others to match:
• Our field claims representatives are experienced in handling multi-line claims . Most are assigned to specific agencies, rather than specific types of claims . Because agents know exactly who will respond, they can be confident that prompt, fair, in-person service will advance their client relationships .
• For many claims, field representatives use mobile technology and Web-based systems on the spot to quickly and easily document damages, estimate costs, find materials and resources, and issue and deliver settlement checks .
• They can call on field or headquarters specialists to assist as needed, whether for a complex claim or for catastrophe claims . Teams of our own field representatives respond to catastrophe claims . Their knowledge of our coverage forms speeds up the process and their professional, caring approach helps people through difficult times .

  Everything Insurance Should Be®
Insurance should...build and use financial strength to secure a better future. Insurance provides the security to act on personal and business opportunities that might otherwise present more financial risk than most people and organizations could bear alone .
With $4 .326 billion of statutory property casualty capital and surplus, we have ample financial resources to develop more security and growth opportunities for our policyholders, agents and ultimately, our shareholders . Our investments in business resources include:
• Actuarial expertise, helping assure that we set pricing at adequate levels and conservatively fund reserves to meet our obligations to policyholders
• Data management and analytics to assist in management decisions, quantify and manage enterprise risk, identify business trends, forecast results and measure progress
• New and improved products, including offerings from Target Markets, Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters and Cincinnati Life, as well as our CinciPakTM product and related services for small businesses
• Technology and process improvements that enhance service, save time and effort and reduce expenses . We continued in 2013 to implement policy administration system refinements, real-time integration with agency systems and straight-through processing capabilities . We recently introduced a streamlined bond quoting and submission process and a life insurance iPad® app .
  $3.9
billion
property casualty net loss and loss expense reserves at year-end
            Field representatives closed 145,338 claims reported in 2013, including 92% of 10,986 catastrophe claims, by year-end
causes $600 million in covered losses would be limited to $115 million. Beginning in 2013, we further arranged to purchase reinsurance funded through the issuance of catastrophe bonds, which are collateralized risk-linked
securities. This alternative reinsurance arrangement gives us supplemental coverage for severe convective storm losses in key regions and for earthquakes occurring along the New Madrid fault line and other faults in Utah, Washington
and Oregon.
• Potential shortfalls in insurers’ prior-year loss reserves
For the property casualty industry, the financial benefit from favorable development of loss reserves for insured events that occurred in prior years is expected to decrease from the 2013 level, which improved the industry combined ratio by an estimated 3.0 percentage points. If favorable development decreases, maintaining underwriting and pricing discipline for current-year business will be even more important.
For 25 consecutive years, favorable development has benefited your company’s earnings as paid claims and updated estimates of claims settlements in process came in lower than our initial estimates.
At 4.1 percentage points, our benefit in 2013 from favorable development was stronger than the industry estimate.
Workers’ compensation reserves are a focal point, both industrywide and for your company. Our workers’ compensation reserves continued to develop favorably overall in 2013, even as we added reserves for older, pre-2009 accident years, reflecting paid loss data indicating it is taking
 6

longer to pay out older claims. Because some open workers’ compensation claims extend beyond 30 years, a small assumption change for the average life of a claim can add up to a considerable reserve amount recognized in any given period.
Small shifts in medical cost inflation also can have a significant effect. In 2013, we continued to make major strides on our initiatives to strengthen cost control and efficiency related to workers’ compensation direct claims reporting,
medical cost pricing, bill review and nurse case management.
Our intent is to maintain consolidated reserves consistently within the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of likely amounts we will ultimately pay out to policyholders and claimants. At year- end 2013, fair value of our $9.121 billion fixed-maturity portfolio exceeded total insurance reserve liability by 36 percent, supporting policyholder confidence in our ability to pay claims.
• Potential for insurers’ low investment yields to persist through 2014
A.M. Best estimates the 2013 net investment yield for the property casualty industry at 3.7 percent, up only 0.1 percentage point from the 2012 level. Although the current tapering of the Federal Reserve’s bond buying program may put upward pressure on long- term interest rates, it will take time to positively impact investment income.
Despite the interest rate uptick in 2013, yields on new fixed-maturity securities we purchase are still quite a bit lower than the yield on our consolidated portfolio, causing our book yield to continue losing ground. The pretax average book yield on our diversified, laddered fixed-maturity portfolio continued to move lower but at a slower pace, ending the year at 4.9 percent.
  7
Insurance should...be a trustworthy steward . As an insurer, we have substantial assets in our care . We have a commensurate responsibility to verify that we are managing them competently, honestly and fairly:
• Our Code of Conduct, Cincinnati Ethic, compliance courses and internal control processes make every associate aware and accountable for carrying out our Golden Rule culture, company
policies and laws and regulations that are relevant to our business .
• Our CEO reviews our corporate goal card with associates at quarterly town hall meetings . Our goal to conduct business to high legal, regulatory and ethical standards receives the same emphasis as top financial metrics such as premium growth, combined ratio and investment returns .
• Cincinnati Financial was the top-performing large-cap insurance company on three consecutive Forbes lists of America’s Most Trustworthy Companies, based on openness and integrity in accounting, governance
and management . © 2013, Forbes Media LLC . Used With Permission .
• We provide information about our governance and our social responsibility on cinfin.com on the Investor and Careers pages . A new environmental stewardship report details our commitment to recycle, reduce and reuse resources, as well as our conservation achievements including ENERGY STAR® and LEED® certifications .
Everything Insurance Should Be®
   ENERGY STAR
certified buildings such as
CFC Headquarters average 35% less energy use with 35% less carbon dioxide emissions than typical buildings
 
                              8
We have been able to offset the lower interest income, due to our equity-investing strategy as well as cash flow fueled by underwriting profits. Equity dividends grew 6 percent for the year. Equities represented approximately 32 percent of our invested assets at year-end, a significantly higher allocation than most insurers hold. After-tax realized gains
from equities contributed $42 million to 2013 net earnings; and pretax net unrealized gains in the equity portfolio at December 31 reached nearly
$1.9 billion, up 84 percent for the year.
Of the $1.564 billion of our cash and
invested assets we hold at the parent
company level, 87.1 percent was invested
in common stocks at year-end. This
approach creates strong liquidity and
flexibility through all periods to
maintain our cash dividend and to continue to invest in and expand our insurance operations.
SMOOTH TRANSITIONS
E. Anthony Woods, our director since 1998, is not standing for re-election at this year’s annual shareholders’ meeting in April. We deeply appreciate the business and financial acumen Tony shared with us, and the work he accomplished on our board committees. In November 2013, David P. Osborn, CFA, joined our board and the audit and investment committees. David is president of a Cincinnati independent registered investment advisory firm and leads its dividend growth strategy team, making him a great fit for our board.
Early in 2014, we announced that William H.
Van Den Heuvel joined the company as senior vice president responsible for personal insurance. Our recent initiatives to improve the profitability, efficiency and geographic footprint of our personal lines operations have taken it to a turning point, with underwriting profits in 2013 and growth to more
than $1 billion of net written premiums. Will’s leadership will help us increase this momentum.
2013 saw a remarkable changing of the guard due to retirements of mid-level officers and department heads. Thanks to planning and teamwork, many well-qualified internal candidates stepped into these
roles, and they have not missed a beat. Succession, talent recruitment and development are high priorities within our industry and in your company. Our growth and the increasing sophistication of our business are creating new opportunities.
2014 is a great time to be part of the insurance industry and part of Cincinnati Financial Corporation. Yes, we face challenges; and yes, we are ready
to meet them with carefully conceived plans and diligent execution, year after year. During 2013, your company’s financial strength ratings were affirmed with stable outlooks by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best. We are confident in our independent agents and associates, and in our ability together to create shareholder value by giving policyholders everything they want from their insurance company.
Respectfully,
/S/Kenneth W. Stecher _____________________
Kenneth W. Stecher Chairman of the Board
/S/Steven J. Johnston ___________________
Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA President and Chief Executive Officer
Our standard market property casualty group’s A+ is a Superior rating, placing our rating in the top 10% of insurer groups
