Dear Shareholders, Although my tenure at CIT has been brief, I am encouraged by what I have found. CIT's core businesses and the leaders of those businesses are strong. I am convinced that CIT has a bright future ahead. I joined CIT in part because of the pivotal role it plays in our economy. More than 1,000,000 business customers depend on CIT for the financing they need to run their companies. For more than 100 years, CIT has remained committed to the financing needs of small businesses and middle market companies--providing needed capital to sectors that other financial institutions often ignore. What's more, these companies are the backbone of our economy, and they are widely seen as the engine of growth that will power it back to prosperity. According to the Small Business Administration, small businesses make up more than 99.7% of all employers and create 75% of net new U.S. jobs. The fact that CIT is a leading lender to small businesses was a significant factor in my decision to join. CIT has strong franchises in several attractive markets. We are the market leader in factoring, which is crucial to ensuring that retailers can fill their shelves with products, and also helps manufacturers maintain the capital they need to produce those products. CIT is a global force in vendor finance--designing, implementing, and managing customized financing solutions that aid in the sales of products for manufacturers and distributors across the globe. CIT's global transportation business offers customized leasing and secured financing to end-users of aircraft, locomotives, and railcars. CIT Corporate Finance provides lending, leasing, and other financial and advisory solutions to middle market companies, including those in such pivotal industries as healthcare, energy, and communications, media, and entertainment. We remain a top-tier lender to women-, minority-, and veteran-owned small businesses. These are good businesses in expanding markets with strong market shares and loyal customers. They provide a secure foundation for future growth. CIT is emerging from a very challenging period that culminated in a pre-packaged bankruptcy filing that was completed in December. While we reduced our debt burden and extended our debt maturities, we need to realign our overall capital structure to lower our borrowing costs and provide a more reliable and less expensive source of funds. I will work diligently with our finance team to develop strategies to achieve these goals, but this will not happen overnight. We will continue to make progress on building capabilities related to our 2008 conversion to a bank holding company and improving our relationships with our regulators. We will refocus our business strategy and the assets we carry on our balance sheet to improve returns to our shareholders and ensure a stable source of funding. With our new Board of Directors in place, we are working to enhance our corporate governance model, including strengthened risk management and compliance capabilities. We will need to add to our senior management ranks, while at the same time prudently managing our expenses. At recent town hall meetings with CIT employees, I vowed to work tirelessly alongside them to return CIT to prosperity and restore the luster of its centuryold brand. To our shareholders I echo this sentiment. I know I speak for all of my colleagues when I say that we are energized by the opportunities as well as the challenges that lie ahead, and are committed to building a stronger company for our shareholders, our employees, and our customers.

John A. Thain Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

