CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2014

April 2, 2015

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, Last year marked the fifth year since we began our efforts to reposition CIT for long-term success, and I am happy to report that we made solid progress in 2014. In addition to growing our financing and leasing assets organically, we made two key acquisitions that are designed to strengthen our commercial franchises and improve returns. Our collateralized lending model continues to differentiate CIT from its competitors in the middle market. We lend in industries we know -- our deep industry expertise creates opportunities for us to make smart and profitable financing decisions. Our lending business is directly benefiting from our strategy of building assets through CIT Bank, a deliberate course that led last year to one of the most transformative deals in CIT's recent history: our planned acquisition of OneWest Bank. Smart, Selective Growth In 2014, CIT grew its earning assets, achieved its profit targets and continued returning capital to shareholders. We reported net income of $1.1 billion, $5.96 per diluted share, while our combined commercial financing and leasing assets in our North American Commercial Finance and Transportation & International Finance segments grew by 12%. In addition, we saw a 27% increase in CIT Bank deposits in 2014. The assets we are adding are contributing to CIT's financial strength. We remain focused on taking capital out of low-return businesses and re-investing it in higher-return businesses that we back with strong credit and asset risk management. This combination of portfolio management and lending discipline has helped us continue to originate assets with attractive risk-adjusted returns. A few years ago, we made a deliberate decision to expand our business into adjacent markets while pruning operations that did not meet our parameters for returns. One of the opportunities we identified was in commercial real estate. We reentered the space after many commercial banks retreated from it in the wake of the credit crisis. But we did so selectively, focusing solely on first-lien collateralized loans. We have built our commercial real estate business into a nearly $2 billion lending platform in just three years. Maritime and capital equipment financing are two other lending businesses where we have pursued and capitalized on similar opportunities. We exited businesses that we concluded no longer supported our strategic goals, including our student lending portfolio, a corporate finance portfolio in the United Kingdom (UK) and smaller equipment leasing portfolios in Asia, Latin America and Europe. We also entered into definitive agreements to sell our equipment leasing platforms in Mexico and Brazil and transferred our UK equipment finance portfolio to held-for-sale. Together, these new initiatives and divestitures are helping us return capital to you, our shareholders. Since May 2013, our Board has authorized $1.3 billion of share repurchases, and in the third quarter of 2014, CIT increased its quarterly dividend to $0.15 a share. 2014 Acquisitions We are also employing our excess capital to acquire businesses we feel will offer us good risk-adjusted returns. In January of 2014, we purchased Nacco SAS, a European rail lessor that extends our expertise in railcar leasing to a new market that is undergoing deregulation. It was a unique chance to acquire an existing platform with a diverse and attractive fleet, as well as a highly experienced management team. In August, we acquired Direct Capital Corporation, a New Hampshire-based provider of financing to small- and medium-sized businesses. The company, through its LendEdge platform, provides financing to small businesses through a highly automated credit approval, documentation and funding process. Of course, our agreement to buy OneWest Bank was the most significant development of the year. This transaction will transform CIT into a leading provider of retail and commercial banking services and further establish the Company as the commercial bank for the middle market.
JOHN A. THAIN CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2014

The transaction will advance our bank strategy in a pivotal way, bringing in nearly $22 billion in assets and $14 billion in deposits. With approximately 70 branches in Southern California, OneWest Bank will give us access to a retail branch network to go with our national small business and middle market lending platform. The addition complements and enhances our commercial finance franchise and will provide our customers the ability to leverage the OneWest banking services platform, including its cash management and commercial deposit-taking capabilities. In addition, the transaction is financially compelling as it will be accretive to our earnings per share as early as 2016. In combination with our share repurchase program and dividend distributions, the acquisitions are helping us move toward our target capital ratios. In addition, at the close of the year, Fitch Ratings reinitiated coverage of CIT and rated our senior debt BB+ and gave us an overall "stable" rating. A Differentiated Lending Model CIT's growth is driven by our differentiated lending model. We're very good at lending against collateral and at managing this collateral with our industry expertise. Over the past few years, we have outlined our efforts to expand CIT Bank by growing assets and building the deposit base to create a low-cost funding source for our businesses. Today, almost all of our North American commercial finance assets, our new railcar equipment, our aircraft loans and some aircraft equipment in the U.S., and all of our maritime lending are financed by CIT Bank. These actions all led up to the OneWest Bank transaction, which will fundamentally change the foundation of our lending businesses by making the majority of our assets funded with bank deposits instead of a combination of secured and unsecured debt. The new funding mix will significantly lower the overall cost of our funding, improve profitability and diversify our deposit base through the addition of branch and commercial deposits. Creating Long-Term Value In 2015, we look forward to further advancing our long-term value proposition and pursuing what we believe are attractive growth opportunities. Our initial focus will be on completing our OneWest Bank acquisition and expanding our commercial banking franchise. As part of that process, we will take extra care to maintain the strong risk management practices and credit discipline we have worked so hard to instill over these past few years. We will continue to grow franchises with appropriate risk-adjusted returns, improve our profitability by exiting non-strategic portfolios, remain disciplined on expense management and return excess capital to our shareholders while maintaining strong capital ratios. I want to thank our more than 3,300 employees for their efforts over the past year. It's their dedication and teamwork that has spurred our growth and helped us to establish our role as a leading provider of small business and middle market financing. I also join them in welcoming our newest employees to the CIT family and in thanking you, our shareholders, for your continued support.

John A. Thain Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

