Dear Shareholders,
Over the past year, our management team has made great strides toward realizing our goal of leading this successful, century-old institution into its next chapter of life. We have always believed that CIT is uniquely positioned to become a world-class financial services organization, and we have put in place the roadmap to take us there. Today, I am convinced that CIT has the financial and human capital necessary to perform strongly throughout fluctuating business cycles and become the leading global finance company for the commercial middle market. In 2005, we began a fundamental restructuring to unleash CIT's potential. We developed realistic long-term growth strategies and enhanced cost and funding positions. We invested in our leadership and culture with a focus on talent acquisition. We rationalized our businesses by realigning our portfolio, shedding slower-performing businesses and making strategic acquisitions in areas like healthcare (Healthcare Business Credit Corporation), and factoring (SunTrust). We also entered the growing student lending market with our acquisition of the Education Lending Group. Together, all these initiatives created a unified platform that will enable CIT to deliver long-term growth supported by strong risk standards for many years to come. We are not only pleased with the results we are seeing from this new direction, but excited that we exceeded our financial goals in the midst of a significant internal restructuring, enjoying 27% EPS growth and a ROTE of 17.6% in 2005. That is proof that our realigned, strengthened business platform combined with our deep industry expertise works. We believe it will play to our strengths in any economic environment allowing us to meet our objectives and become a more efficient organization in the process. Moving forward, our vision and strategy will continue to be driven by a strengthened sales culture, a more rational portfolio diversification and enhanced risk and capital discipline. 2006, therefore, is all about execution. We'll continue to recruit new talent and experienced executives to supplement the strong team at CIT. We're injecting a sales-oriented focus throughout the organization and will consider strategic acquisitions where they make sense. And, most importantly, we continue to believe that our greatest growth opportunity is also our greatest strength: that we're uniquely positioned to be successful in the commercial and consumer finance markets we serve. Having served the middle market for nearly 100 years through 19 business cycles, we have a deep understanding of the financial needs of our customers and a clear view of what it takes to win.

In the end, I am confident that after reviewing our 2005 annual report you will agree that CIT has "the right stuff " to be a global financial services "leader," not just another "lender."

Jeffrey M. Peek Chairman & CEO

1

