DEAR CIT SHAREHOLDERS,
Last year was transformational for CIT. We established our three-year strategic plan and began to take meaningful steps to simplify, strengthen and profitably grow the company. The progress that was achieved in 2016 will have lasting effects and drive long-term value in the company. We completed the integration of the OneWest Bank franchise, which advanced our deposit strategy. We announced the sale of the Commercial Air business and gained approval to return over $3 billion in capital to shareholders. We continued to strengthen our core expertise in specialty lending in the commercial verticals, and we made great strides in reducing our expenses. While there were many accomplishments during the year that will strengthen the organization for the future, we also had to absorb some significant financial impacts to advance our strategy and address legacy issues. The company posted a net loss for the full year of $848 million or $4.20 per diluted share. When excluding the noteworthy items from the strategic actions, goodwill impairment and legacy issues, CIT posted net income of $710 million for 2016 or $3.52 per diluted share. We know there is more work to do to drive profitability, and we are optimistic about the future potential as we move through the next stage of our plan. Turning to 2017, we are better positioned to advance our goal of being the leading bank for specialty lending to the middle market and small businesses. Our path is to simplify, strengthen and grow.

Ellen R. Alemany Chairwoman and CEO

"

Turning to 2017, we are better positioned to advance our goal of being the leading bank for specialty lending to the middle market and small businesses.

"

Continued on next page

SIMPLIFY
Last year we embarked on a process to define our future, and this process allowed us to center on our core strengths, evaluate our opportunities for growth and develop a plan for simplification in order to drive long-term value for shareholders. These efforts included divestitures, integration and cost reduction. Most noteworthy of the divestitures was the agreement to sell the Commercial Air business for $10 billion. This transaction will allow CIT to return a significant amount of capital to our shareholders in 2017, reduce the amount of unsecured debt and shift the funding profile of the company to be primarily deposit-funded. During 2016 we completed the integration of OneWest Bank, which was a complex endeavor. OneWest Bank is an important part of our growth and together with our direct bank, CIT Bank, are the cornerstones of our strategy to expand our business through stable and efficient sources of deposits. Both consumer bank franchises also gained recognition for the value our products deliver to customers. OneWest Bank was recognized by MONEY Magazine as the Best Bank, California in 2016, and CIT Bank was recognized by NerdWallet, MyBankTracker and other personal finance sources. Key to our simplification efforts is to reduce our operational expenses, and during 2016, we were able to achieve about one-third of our $150 million goal. The plan is to simplify the organizational structure to align with our go-forward business strategy, pursue efficiency in our third-party costs and drive improvements in our operations through strategic technology investments and automation. We remain on track to achieve our expense goal by 2018 and this will be an important contributor in simplifying the company and driving agility.

STRENGTHEN
The steps we have been taking are designed to build on our core capabilities and strengthen our foundation to create longer-term shareholder value. Chief among our efforts has been to address legacy and operational issues, improve our funding profile and maintain strong risk management practices. We made significant progress on these fronts in 2016, and also further strengthened the senior management team by bringing leaders with key financial services experience to the company. Additionally, we have taken steps to strengthen our core operations, including migrating our Commercial Finance business toward a more strategic customer base where we can drive deeper client relationships and pursue additional revenue opportunities. To that end, in 2016, we had lead positions in about 60 percent of new business financed, up from 40 percent in 2015. We also take great pride in the work we are doing to strengthen communities through investment and the volunteer efforts of our employee base. The CIT team dedicated over 8,500 volunteer hours in 2016, and we have supported a number of vital community services to address food insecurity, supply mentorship and education, and advance financial

"

We also take great pride in the work we are doing to strengthen communities through investment and the volunteer efforts of our employee base.

"

literacy. Most recently, we had the privilege of beginning a five-year relationship with the USC Cecil Murray Center for Community Engagement to deliver personal financial management and small business development to about 6,000 individuals in Southern California. This is one of many ways that CIT and its employees help to strengthen the communities in which we serve.

GROW
Our expertise and market presence in specialty commercial lending and leasing across a range of sectors is our core strength and will be our source of growth. CIT's expertise in specialty verticals is distinctive and the breadth of the sectors we cover includes Energy, Healthcare, Communications and Technology, Consumer Goods, Equipment, and Entertainment to name a few. In 2016, we began to enhance our core capabilities by orienting our team around a more holistic view of our client relationships. Many of our commercial clients have a broad range of financing needs and we are working toward building deeper relationships with products like Treasury Management and Capital Markets services. And, our digital small business lending platform, Direct Capital, posted a record year in 2016 with a 14 percent increase in volume and customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. We believe there is significant runway for growth with the digital platform in small business lending, as well as linking those customers to our other financing and savings products and services. Our clients and customers are at the center of all we do. We are grateful for their business and aim to deliver products and expertise to help them meet their needs and drive value.

LOOKING AHEAD
In closing, we have defined our path forward and laid important groundwork for future success. As we look at the year ahead we are squarely focused on advancing our strategic actions, returning capital to shareholders, growing our core businesses, optimizing the cost base and creating long-term value. We believe our success will be driven by the expertise, agility, and commitment of the CIT team who aim to deliver each and every day for our clients, customers and shareholders.

Ellen R. Alemany Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer CIT Group

