DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

Two thousand and seven was an extremely challenging year for financial institutions and it proved to be one of the most difficult in CIT's 100-year history. Our performance was adversely affected by the downturn in the housing market, the legislative changes surrounding education lending and the tightening of the capital markets. Despite these setbacks, which resulted in a net loss of $111.0 million for our company and a 57% decline in our share price, we are a resilient company focused on building value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We have demonstrated this resiliency time and again over the past century, as we navigated successfully through more than 19 business cycles since our founding in 1908. In 2007, we made strategic moves to respond to these issues. We decided to exit home lending and took approximately $1.5 billion in valuation allowances and loss provisions. We modified our student lending business model in response to legislative and competitive changes, and wrote off $312.7 million of goodwill and general intangibles related to that business. And we adjusted our funding and asset origination strategies as a result of the sharp pullback of liquidity and repricing of risk in the capital markets. I, along with our Board of Directors, was extremely disappointed in our 2007 financial results. While dissatisfied with our performance, I am confident that the fundamental strength of our commercial franchise, which is recognized as a leading global provider of financing to the middle market, as well as the commitment and dedication of our employees, will drive our future success. Our senior management team continues to focus on mitigating the issues we faced in 2007, and I am confident that we will overcome these challenges. We continue to implement the long-term strategies that have built our franchise over the past several years, and we were successful in achieving many of the goals and objectives we set for ourselves earlier in the year.

We are a market leader in each of our core commercial franchises. Our Corporate Finance, Transportation Finance, Trade Finance and Vendor Finance business segments are all serving customers and generating profits at double-digit returns on equity. And while their performance was overshadowed by our consumer business-related charges this past year, they continue to expand client relationships and build market share. In 2007, we grew our global vendor financing franchise through the acquisition of Citigroup's U.S. Business Technology Finance unit and expanded our global vendor financing relationship with Microsoft. In an effort to increase our advisory capabilities, we acquired Edgeview Partners, a highly-regarded middle market mergers and acquisitions firm. This transaction has already resulted in increased fee generation, and we expect continued traction on this front throughout 2008. We also successfully completed the strategic sales of our construction finance business and our U.S. systems leasing portfolio, which freed valuable capital. In addition, we sold our 30% interest in our U.S.-based Dell Financial Services joint venture, the gain from which largely offset the write-off of goodwill and intangibles in our student lending business. We maintained a diverse portfolio of more than $80 billion in managed assets--of which approximately 75% are commercial exposures, spread among many industries and geographies. This past year we launched a broader asset management strategy whose objectives were three-fold: to more efficiently use our capital; to provide ongoing third-party sources of capital; and to generate fee income. Under this strategy, we successfully launched our first Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO) and completed the initial public offering of Care Investment Trust (NYSE: CRE), a healthcare REIT managed by CIT Healthcare. Our efforts on this front continue to build momentum; in early 2008, we created our first junior capital fund, which is expected to approach $1 billion in total funding by the end of 2009.
PAGE 1

Our determination to grow our global footprint continued to deliver results. During 2007, we achieved our goal of having 25% of our assets outside the U.S. by year-end. In fact, approximately one-third of our commercial exposure is now non-U.S. We expanded our regional service center in Dublin and opened new service centers in Shanghai and Singapore to meet the demands of our expanding international customer base. These offices offer a global value proposition to our regional clients and reflect our commitment to deploying our expertise in middle market finance around the world. Credit and proactive risk management remains a fundamental part of the success of our business model. Our long-standing commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet and solid capital levels has proven particularly important in navigating the recent capital markets by giving us flexibility. We actively adjusted our funding model by shifting from a mix of secured and unsecured debt to principally secured debt, in order to take advantage of the more attractive cost of funds available to us through asset-backed financings. We expect that many of the market challenges we faced in 2007, including a softening U.S. economy and constrained capital markets, will continue into 2008. Despite these factors, I remain confident in our fundamental business model. We have built CIT to perform through all business cycles, and I believe our actions to enter non-cyclical industries, expand globally, and diversify revenue sources have better positioned us for the future. We began our centennial year on February 11, 2008, which offers us an opportunity to reflect on what has made CIT so resilient and successful for the past 100 years and how we can position ourselves for the next 100. This year, we will continue to take a two-pronged approach to driving value: enhancing the success of our commercial franchises, while managing our consumer business to further mitigate risk. Key to our success in 2008 and beyond will be our ability to navigate the rapidly changing economic environment. We will further diversify our funding sources to maintain adequate liquidity and minimize our cost of funds.

We will deploy resources and capital selectively to our most profitable commercial franchises. We will increase operational efficiencies, with a goal of eliminating approximately $100 million of annualized costs and we will leverage our diverse revenue generation capabilities. I believe these actions will further solidify CIT's competitive market position. Enduring customer relationships have been paramount to our success these past 100 years. These relationships will remain crucial to our future success, and we will focus on deepening and broadening them as we deliver capital, as well as ideas, that drive business success. I am very proud of the flexibility and commitment displayed by our employees this past year. We have asked them to shoulder a heavier burden as we move forward with a leaner, more focused organization, and they have responded with ingenuity and enthusiasm. Their performance, dedication and hard work are reflected in the strength of the CIT culture and the growing recognition of our global brand. I am confident that our actions during a very challenging 2007 will position us to deliver long-term value for our investors and further strengthen the relationships we have with our clients. As we look toward the next 100 years, I want to thank all our stakeholders, clients and employees for their continued confidence and support.

PAGE 2

Jeffrey M. Peek Chairman and CEO

