CIT ANNUAL REPORT 2015

April 11, 2016

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, The past year has been one of tremendous change for CIT. We completed the acquisition of OneWest Bank, announced the decision to separate our commercial air business, received an investment-grade rating for CIT Bank, and appointed Ellen Alemany as our new Chief Executive Officer. All of these efforts further our goal for CIT to be a leading national middle-market bank. With the completion of the OneWest transaction, 64 percent of CIT's assets are funded in CIT Bank. The transaction adds core retail deposits to CIT's funding mix, lowers CIT's overall cost of funds, provides commercial deposit and treasury services capabilities, and adds 70 retail branches in the Greater Los Angeles metropolitan area. Following the completion of the transaction, CIT Bank was upgraded to an investment-grade credit rating by Standard & Poor's. The separation of Commercial Air from CIT will free up significant regulatory capital, allow for greater growth of the commercial air business, and realize value for shareholders. After the separation of the commercial air business, approximately 75 percent of CIT's assets will be funded with deposits. Upon my decision to retire, the Board of Directors of CIT appointed Ellen Alemany to become the next CEO of CIT on April 1, 2016. Ellen has 38 years of commercial banking experience including previous roles as Chief Executive Officer of RBS Citizens Financial Group and as Chief Executive Officer for Global Transaction Services, Commercial Banking, and CitiCapital of Citigroup. Ellen joined CIT's Board of Directors in January 2014, and in addition to CEO, will become Chairwoman of the Board at our May Annual Meeting. Throughout the year, as we provided lending and leasing solutions for our middle-market commercial customers, we maintained our strong credit discipline and culture of compliance. CIT continues to have robust levels of capital and liquidity. I want to thank all of our employees for their dedication and support to our customers, our shareholders, and to the communities in which we live and work.

JOHN A. THAIN CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

John A. Thain Chairman of the Board

