 Chairman’s letter
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
As we complete this three-month period that brings CIT back to a calen- dar-year reporting cycle, I wanted to take the opportunity to share with you some thoughts on business performance and the outlook for the year to come.
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
In a year of unprecedented distractions,
CIT, focused and determined, finished
the past twelve months in solid financial
condition. Credit for this performance
must be given to the employees of the organization and a tried and true business model. This model, which calls for maintaining a diverse portfolio mix, emphasizing strong credit management, retaining industry and product expertise, preserving a strong balance sheet with high credit ratings, solidif ying existing leadership positions and continually improving productivity has served us well in these times.Our diversification is sup- ported by building business in areas where we have years of success and market leadership positions such as factoring, vendor financing, and, small business lending, just to name a few.
During the last quarter, we worked hard to reduce our delinquency and non-performing asset levels. Additionally, we saw some improved business volume in virtually all of our franchises, in spite of the eco- nomic environment. And our improved capitalization, with reduced leverage, demonstrates our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet.
FOCUSING ON BUSINESS FUNDAMENTALS
In 2003, the job before us is straightforward: we must improve credit quality, be persistent in our efforts to get more operating efficiencies out of the organization, and put resources into those markets where we want to
see prudent asset growth. It is this course of action that will enable us to move toward our long-term financial goal of 15 percent return on tangible equity.
Our biggest challenge to meeting this metric is improving business funda- mentals so that our borrowing costs can return to historically low levels, com- mensurate with our strong credit rat- ings. These higher borrowing costs have squeezed our margin since last summer. A second challenge, beyond our control,
is the overall economy. I hope the economic malaise will lift as the year progresses, but for now we must operate in a period of lower growth, positioning CIT with the appropriate levels of capital and resources to take advantage of the economic turnaround that will take place in the U.S.
DELIVERING TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS
We remain cognizant of the need to deliver value to all our constituencies and are confident that our practical and focused approach to our various businesses is the right one for all environments, including this one. We areseriouslycommittedtoourbusinessstrategy.Ithas guided CIT successfully for years and has served us well. CIT is a company that adheres to the basics, buck- ing “trends” and “fads”, and “pop” financial cultures, and that’s the way we deliver to clients, employees and shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support.
Albert R. Gamper, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 ALBERT R. GAMPER, JR.
   