Dear Colgate
Q. Can you please give us an update on the 2012 Restructuring Program? A. Colgate's 2012 Restructuring Program is a four-year line our cost structure to further invest in growth. We anticipate savings in the range of $275 million to $325 million program focuses on three initiatives we have been acting on for quite some time, now taking them to the next level. First, we are expanding our use of commercial hubs. That is, clustering single-country subsidiaries into more decision making on the ground by providing strengthened resources and capabilities to the smaller operations within the region, and it improves cost structure. Successful in Latin America for many years, we are expanding this structure around the world, beginning with the formation of our Central and Western European hubs, which are already underway. A second area of focus is extending our Colgate service centers to support the business in all regions. The general principle is to be as global as possible, enabled by our enterprise-wide use of SAP® software, while staying as local as necessary to assure success in building our brands, our market shares and our top-line growth. We have seen ties. In emerging markets, where this disease condition is overhead expenses. This allowed us to increase advertis*In the questions and answers provided, the Company's results and outlook are discussed excluding charges resulting from the implementation of the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other items in 2013 and 2012. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non-GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate's web site and on page 24 of this report.

have begun the consolidation of our oral care production in Europe to a dedicated state-of-the-art facility in Swidnica, Poland, and have announced the relocation of our underarm deodorant manufacturing facility in Morristown, New Jersey to Greenwood, South Carolina. As planned, savings began in 2013 and should increase able growth. Our reinvestment priorities for the funds generated by this program are focused on: enabling technology and analytics, digital engagement, emerging markets and innovation and brand building. Q. How is Colgate enhancing its innovation for growth? A. At Colgate's nine consumer innovation centers, strategically located around the world, marketing personnel work closely with consumers, scientists and other researchers, stream of insight-driven, value-added new products across all of our categories. One recent example is Colgate Maximum Cavity Protec-

On the following pages, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, answers questions often asked by our shareholders regarding our business results, key strategic initiatives and prospects for future growth.* Q. Please comment on the Company's 2013 global business results. A. We are delighted to have delivered another year of strong performance in 2013. Net sales grew 2.0%, global unit volume grew 5.0% and organic sales, or net sales excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestments, grew 6.0%. The strong top-line growth was led by emerging markets, where organic sales grew a robust 9.5%. We achieved our despite an intense competitive environment, volatile foreign currency exchange and challenging macroeconomic condiIan Cook tions worldwide.

ing spending behind the Company's brands by 6%, driving strong market share performance worldwide. We also maintained our strong balance sheet and cash

best practices in accounts payable for all 34 European subsidiaries, and are now reducing the number of vendor providers from 16,000 to 6,000. Similar centers have now been established in Mumbai and Mexico City and work is beginning to be transferred there. For more than 20 years, Colgate has been on a journey faster speed-to-market. We have today 54 facilities servicing our global business, down from 85 prior to 2004, and we expect to be down another 10% by the end of 2016. We

most prevalent, we are working with local health ministries through Colgate's "Bright Smiles, Bright Futures" oral health education initiative to make a public health program part of what drives this product around the world. In personal care, we are reaching new consumers with Protex for Men bar soap and shower gel. Clinically proven to provide 10 times more protection against odor-causing bacteria than ordinary bar soap, Protex for Men is being supported with a fully integrated marketing campaign focused on the idea, "Man enough to be a dad, man enough

increase in the quarterly dividend and a two-for-one stock Overall, we are very pleased with our results in 2013 and remain sharply focused on strengthening our fundamentals

GEOGRAPHIC HIGHLIGHTS

North America (18% of Net sales)
Net sales increased 3.5% in 2013 and unit volume grew 3.5%. Operating profit increased 14%. Colgate Optic White, Colgate Total and Colgate Max Fresh Cool Scrub toothpastes, Colgate 360° Optic White and Colgate 360° Total Advanced Floss Tip bristles manual toothbrushes, Colgate Optic White and Colgate Total Advanced Pro-Shield mouthwashes, Palmolive Soft Touch dish liquid and Suavitel fabric conditioner contributed to volume growth in the U.S.

Latin America (29% of Net sales)
Net sales decreased 0.5% in 2013 and unit volume grew 5.5%. Operating profit decreased 5%. Colgate Luminous White and Colgate Total Professional Gum Health toothpastes, Colgate 360° Luminous White and Colgate Triple Action manual toothbrushes, Colgate Luminous White and Colgate Plax Fresh Tea mouthwashes, Protex for Men bar soap and shower gel, Lady Speed Stick and Speed Stick deodorants and Axion Oats dish liquid contributed to volume growth throughout the region.

UNITED KINGDOM

Europe/South Pacific (19% of Net sales)
Net sales declined 0.5% in 2013 and unit volume grew 1.5%. Operating profit increased 8%. Colgate Max White One and Colgate Total Pro Interdental toothpastes, Colgate 360° Max White One and Colgate Total Pro Interdental manual toothbrushes, Colgate Max White One and Colgate Plax Complete Care mouthwashes, Sanex Surgras and Palmolive Mediterranean Moments shower gels and Soupline Perfect Glide fabric conditioner contributed to volume growth throughout the region.

16

17

to have your own soap." Succeeding across Latin America, the launch contributed to Protex gaining new market lead-

area to the next level. We are using more advanced business analytics including marketing mix modeling, pricing sensitivity analyses and the use of daily point-of-sale

A. We are very pleased with Hill's progress and are planning for continued growth in 2014 driven by a rich pipeline of new product innovation, an elevated focus on engaging with our customers in the pet specialty channel and by continuing to provide the veterinary profession with superior nutritional solutions for pets and their pet parents. In the U.S., Hill's Ideal Balance, our recent entry in the naturals segment, has received strong retail support and is getting excellent trial and repeat purchases. We are currently rolling out several new innovations in this line, including Hill's Ideal Balance Slim & Healthy and Hill's Ideal Balance Active. Strong marketing support behind these products will continue with television ads, extensive consumer sampling, in-store nutritional consultants and eye-catching displays. Building on this success, Hill's Ideal Balance is now rolling out worldwide. Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic continues to drive our global share of the weight category. This breakthrough weight management diet is now sold in over 50 countries, helping pets lose weight for a healthier and longer life. In the feline urinary category, the largest feline therapeutic nutrition category globally, the launch of Hill's Prescription Diet c/d Urinary Stress is just getting underway in Europe and will be rolled out globally in 2014. This diet is clinically proven to reduce the recurrence of Feline Idiopathic Cystitis ("FIC"), the most common urinary tract disease in cats and contains ingredients to help manage stress, one of the risk factors for FIC. Q. What is the Company doing to develop its next generation of leaders? A. for leaders, Colgate supports and encourages leadership Our strategy starts with identifying the best talent early,

and coaching, and work that is both challenging and exciting. We are continually developing new programs to meet evolving leadership and business challenges, as well as strengthening and expanding current programs, which are all taught by Colgate people. We are also leveraging technology so that Colgate people can be more actively engaged in their learning and development. Our new learning management system, enabled by SAP® software, helps employees and managers explore and access learning opportunities. Other easily accessible, mobile-enabled collaboration tools from IBM allow Colgate people all over the world to connect in realtime and share knowledge about our business and about their work. Q. What is the Company's outlook for 2014? A. Looking forward, we expect our growth momentum to continue in 2014. Our new product pipeline around the world is very full, and we are pleased that our global restructuring program is on track and proceeding smoothly. We are a strongly aligned global team focused everyable growth worldwide. Our global strategic initiatives have despite competitive and macroeconomic challenges and As we move ahead together, I would like to thank all Colgate people worldwide for their personal commitment to achieving our goals with the highest ethical standards, and express appreciation for the support of our customers, suppliers, shareholders and directors.

Q. Colgate is often cited for its best-in-class go-to-market execution. How is Colgate improving its execution on the ground? A. By strengthening our fundamentals on the ground, we are improving how Colgate people engage with customers and consumers on a daily basis. In countries like India, we are expanding our reach to even more small stores in remote areas. Partnering with distributors, Colgate salespeople are using vans to deliver our products directly to these small stores and working with store owners to ensure that the best strategic assortment of Colgate products are available, with improved visibility at the shelf. This has contributed to strong market share performance in India, where our leading toothpaste market share increased 80 basis points in 2013 to 53.7% nationally and increased 170 basis points to 56.2% in rural areas. Excellence on the ground is equally important in developed markets. In Australia, a complete go-to-market program for new Palmolive foaming hand soap included television and digital elements, as well as a very strong in-store component that included in-store ambassadors demonstrating the product and eye-catching displays. This fully integrated marketing campaign helped drive our leading market share in liquid hand soap to over 40% for the year. Q. Please discuss how Colgate is sharpening its use of business analytics to drive growth. A. At Colgate, we believe competency in analytics facilitates faster, smarter decisions, allowing us to execute better on the ground. Building on our long use of basic analytics, such as measuring retail market share and new product trial and repeat rates, we are now taking our competency in this
GEOGRAPHIC HIGHLIGHTS (CONTINUED)

Colgate and the category overall. These strategic tools are product assortment at the shelf, leading to higher returns on investment. Q. opportunities? A. At Colgate, we are using digital media to engage consumers in many new and entertaining ways. In China, a very social media-responsive country, we ran Healthiest Mouth." The competitive nationwide search centered around an online reality show with a popular celebrity host. Digital was at the core of the integrated marketing campaign using a variety of social media, including Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and extensive mobile engagement. The campaign resulted in 170 million social media impressions, 1.3 million votes, 19 million video views, and Colgate's leading toothpaste market share in China grew to 33.6% for the year. In another campaign in Europe, Colgate engaged digital-savvy target consumers by inviting them to enter the "Max White One Fashion Shoot" competition for the most winning smile. A specially created digital application ing photos taken with their webcam. The photo arrays were posted online in the Colgate Smile Gallery and were able to anyone could vote for the most beautiful smile. The contest contributed to growing market share for Colgate Max White One toothpaste throughout the region. Q. The Hill's business saw a return to growth in 2013. Do you expect this positive momentum to continue in 2014?

Ian Cook comprehensive training curriculum, constructive feedback

Asia (14% of Net sales)
Net sales increased 9.0% in 2013 and unit volume grew 10.5%. Colgate Optic White, Colgate Total Pro Gum Health and Darlie Expert White toothpastes, Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal and Colgate Slim Soft Raised Tip manual toothbrushes, Colgate Optic White and Colgate Plax Fruity Fresh mouthwashes and Protex Men Power shower gel contributed to volume growth throughout the region.

Africa/Eurasia (7% of Net sales)
Net sales increased 1.5% in 2013 and unit volume grew 8.0%. Colgate Optic White, Colgate Total Pro Interdental and Colgate Altai Herbs toothpastes, Colgate Slim Soft Charcoal and Colgate 360° Optic White manual toothbrushes, Colgate Optic White and Colgate Plax Herbal mouthwashes and Palmolive Gourmet Spa and Protex for Men shower gels contributed to volume growth throughout the region.

H I L L' S P E T N U T R I T I O N

Hill's Pet Nutrition (13% of Net sales)
Net sales increased 2.5% in 2013 and unit volume grew 1.5%. Operating profit decreased 4%. Veterinary recommendations for the Hill's brand remain high worldwide. The recent launch of our natural pet food brand, Hill's Ideal Balance, contributed to volume growth in the U.S. New products succeeding globally include Hill's Prescription Diet Metabolic and the relaunch of Hill's Science Diet with natural ingredients and improved taste.

18

19

