Dear Colgate Shareholder...

Another Record Year of Strong Volume and Earnings Growth
"I firmly believe that our strong performance is tightly linked to the core values we advocate: Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement. They help Colgate attract and retain the best talent to drive all of our global strategies. Living these values is fundamental to our continued profitable growth. Bill and I thank all Colgate people for their dedicated efforts that produced another record year and 42 percent total return for our shareholders."
Reuben Mark, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Colgate enters the millennium with excellent trends, having achieved strong, profitable growth throughout 1999.
Our unit volume growth accelerated to 7 percent in the fourth quarter, having grown progressively stronger in every quarter as our new products won significant market share gains. For the full year, unit volume rose 5 percent; gains in all divisions were led by Colgate-North America, Colgate-Asia/Africa and Hill's Pet Nutrition. Every division worldwide achieved higher operating profits, greatly expanding our profitability overall. Earnings per share on a diluted basis rose 13 percent to a new record of $1.47 versus $1.30 in 1998, and net income rose 10 percent to $937.3 million, also a new record. Declaring its confidence in Colgate's near- and long-term prospects, the Board of Directors authorized a 15 percent dividend increase and a two-for-one stock split. Indeed, the strength of Colgate's performance in the 1990s has led the Board to approve a total of three stock splits-- two-for-one splits in 1991, 1997 and 1999.

"Our market leadership strategy is propelling us to Number One positions in key markets around the world. Most exciting for me was attaining toothpaste leadership in China in 1999, and Colgate's huge potential in this country of more than one billion people. We also strengthened our top position in toothpaste in the United States, as well as in many other countries around the world."
Bill Shanahan, President and Chief Operating Officer

Driving our outstanding performance are the 37,000 exceptional men and women who power our global strategy every single day. They give Colgate an important competitive advantage.
Especially impressive is how Colgate people at all levels maximize business opportunities in both developed and high-growth markets. Despite uneven global economic conditions, Colgate's 1999 results continued to strengthen as the year progressed. The timely actions taken in Brazil in early 1999, in Asia in 1997/1998 and in Russia in 1998 minimized the impact of downturns. Then, as economies in Asia and Central Europe began to recover and Mexico surged ahead, we had in place the right new products and marketing programs to participate strongly in their economic expansions. In the developed world, supply chain efficiencies and excellent response to our value-added new products produced outstanding results in North America and Europe and at Hill's Pet Nutrition. For shareholders, our global presence and experience managing under diverse conditions have produced consistent total returns greater than many of our peers.

1

Another Record Year of Strong Volume and Earnings Growth
(continued from page 1)

New products continue to fuel our global growth. Sales of new
products were strong in every Colgate region. Of our total $9.1 billion sales in 1999, over $3.2 billion, or 35 percent, came from products introduced during the past five years alone. We expect this strong momentum, fueled by our active new product program and greater advertising support, to continue. For our most promising new products, we have accelerated our expansion by establishing new product centers in Europe, Latin America, North America and Asia. These dedicated groups interact on a pan-regional basis, as well as globally, to transfer our new product successes from one division to all regions. For example, following the huge success of fragranced Ajax Fête des Fleurs cleaners across Europe in 1997/98, we expanded the product line into both Latin America and Asia in 1999. Today, 72 Colgate countries sell Ajax Fête des Fleurs, and this vigorous brand continues on its growth trajectory. In liquid hand soap, we successfully leveraged Colgate's North American leadership of this highly profitable product segment to launch into new regions. Using the same packaging and formulations that have made our Softsoap liquid soap brand Number One domestically, Colgate-U.S. began manufacturing liquid hand soap for Mexico, under the powerful Palmolive brand name. Newly introduced in mid-1998, Palmolive liquid hand soap has helped take ColgateMexico to 41 percent of the market. We also expanded our innovative 3-D pump designs for the Softsoap Aquarium Series, developed in the U.S., into both Europe and Latin America. Here again, we used the Palmolive global brand name, taking advantage of its strong drawing power. The result: Palmolive Aquarium is winning incremental market share in important markets.

Gross Profit Margin
54% 53.7% 52.2% 50.7% 51 49.1% 47.9% 48 45 0

95

96

97

98

99

In 1999, gross profit margin rose to a record 53.7%, up 150 basis points, in the fourth successive year of 100 basis points or better of improvement.

Earnings Per Share Growth
$1.50 $1.30 1.25 1.00 $.84 .75 0 $.98 $1.13 $1.47

Accelerating new product activity at Hill's Pet Nutrition fueled strong 8 percent volume growth and record profits. The unsurpassed world leader in premium pet food, Hill's strengthened its Number One position with veterinarians through technology-driven new products and clinic education programs.

95 * 96 97 98 *Excludes restructuring

99

Achieving market leadership has a powerful motivating effect on Colgate people everywhere. We understand the importance of
rewarding and communicating successes throughout our entire global organization. We start by clearly defining our brand leadership targets, by country and by product. Where Colgate leads a category, we push to further increase our lead. And where we rank a strong Number Two or Three, we work hard to improve our position and achieve leadership. This culture of striving to be the best has helped elevate Colgate to global leadership positions in many of the most important segments in which we compete: toothpaste, male stick deodorants, family value shampoos, liquid soaps, all-purpose cleaners, dishwashing liquids and premium pet foods. We won't stop with those.

Earnings per share increased 13% in 1999 to a new record of $1.47 on a diluted basis.

Colgate's financial strategy again expands profit margins. We
adhere to the simple but powerful financial strategy of increasing profit margins and reducing overhead, year after year. The return generated is reinvested in growth-fueling activities, including R&D, technology and advertising. In 1999, Colgate's gross profit margin increased by 150 basis points to 53.7 percent, and

2

operating profit margin rose 130 points to 17.2 percent. By comparison, in 1984, when this strategy was first implemented, gross profit margin and operating margin were 39.2 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively. Driving these significant improvements, especially in the developed world, have been our ongoing efforts to streamline all aspects of the supply chain and reap savings from new technologies, such as enterprise-wide integrated software. By applying these same principles, we expect to achieve significant future savings in the high-growth markets of the developing world. Implementation of enterprise-wide software in Asia and several Latin American countries has achieved excellent initial payoff. Importantly, we are only beginning to reap the full benefits. In all regions, we expect to see increasing benefits from information technology, including margin expansion and more valuable information to drive greater profitability. The more we streamline, the more opportunities Colgate people uncover. Colgate's ongoing strategy to take costs out of the supply chain helped increase the return on capital to 22.8 percent, up from 20.4 percent in 1998. Cash flow from operations increased to a record $1.3 billion, representing 14.2 percent of sales, up from 13.1 percent of sales in 1998. Strong cash generation has enabled the Company to maintain our targeted debt-to-capital level, while increasing dividends and repurchasing stock as appropriate.

$3.2 Billion in New Product Sales
Consumers around the world made 1999 a banner year for Colgate new product sales. Pictured above -- a small sampling of the Company's many innovative new products in all five core categories.

New Products Fueling Growth
(% to sales from products launched in the five most recent years)
36% 31% 30 25% 24 27% 33% 35%

We are invigorated as we approach Colgate's third century of growth and expansion. We fully expect that Colgate people will continue
our long record of performance momentum in 2000 and beyond. Highlighted on pages 5-17 are the 1999 achievements of Colgate people who along with 37,000 others are creating shareholder value. Together they represent just some of the exceptional achievements of countless high performers building value through sales, marketing, new products, research, finance, supply chain, training and technology. We encourage you to read about them.

18 0

95

96

97

98

99

Thank you.

Reuben Mark Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

William S. Shanahan President and Chief Operating Officer

3

