Dear Colgate Shareholder

EXCELLENT DOUBLE-DIGIT EARNINGS GROWTH; 1998 WAS A RECORD YEAR
We achieved in 1998 another year of strong progress for Colgate. Net income, earnings per share, gross profit margin and operating profit margin established new records. Fundamental to our success -- present and future -- is our commitment to people working together. Training and global sharing of ideas enable Colgate to maximize its best resource: the 38,000 Colgate people worldwide. Colgate people strengthened our market leadership positions. We are proud that Colgate-U.S. decisively gained the Number One spot in the domestic toothpaste market in 1998. We strengthened Colgate's toothpaste market share in many other countries as well. At the same time, Colgate's strong Personal Care positions were improved, targeting the fast-growing liquid soap, deodorant and hair care segments. Broad gains in other core categories encompassed cleaners, fabric softeners and dishwashing liquids. Our leadership strategy is supported by a powerful but simple financial approach that enables Colgate to achieve record profits. In 1998, your Company increased net income 15 percent to a record $849 million, or $2.81 versus $2.44 per basic share. Gross profit margin improved by 1.5 percentage points to 52.2 percent, and operating profit margin improved by 1.7 points to 15.9 percent. Both ratios were records. Cash flow from operations reached a new record as well: $1.2 billion. This healthy cash flow also helped us maintain debt capitalization in the optimum 50 to 55 percent range. During 1998, Colgate repurchased 7.1 million shares at a cost of $542.5 million, as part of our previously announced share buyback programs. Like other multinationals, Colgate has faced negative currency translation and reduced purchasing power in some regions. Still, unit volume grew 3.5 percent for 1998, driven by strong performance in North America, Latin America and Hill's Pet Nutrition. Sales were $9.0 billion, a decrease of less than 1 percent. Excluding foreign currency translation and divestments, sales increased 6 percent. Colgate's financial performance is strong. And we believe that Colgate's proven business strategies and global experience will serve us well into the next century. This confidence is based on experience. Year after year, we have added to the number of leading brands in our portfolio. Moreover, Colgate people are highly adept at transferring successful programs and products from one country to others. For Colgate shareholders, this has translated into consistent, favorable total return. Powerful Strategy Produces Leadership Positions Colgate's leadership strategy begins with introducing innovative new products, and then quickly realizing their worldwide potential with the most effective advertising, promotions and distribution. In addition to capturing toothpaste leadership in the U.S., we strengthened our Number One rankings in such countries as Canada, the U.K. and Mexico, and hold leadership positions in toothpaste in 175 countries. Colgate whitening toothpaste, for example, has captured almost 50 percent of the world's whitening segment and has been expanded to 75 countries. Colgate's global market share for toothpaste is at a record high. Importantly, our leadership positions extend throughout all core categories. Colgate also leads the market in liquid soaps, men's stick deodorant, liquid cleaners and fabric

"Colgate people can be justly proud of achieving strong market shares here and abroad while driving down costs sharply in a disciplined fashion. I am delighted with our strong 1998 performance, even during economic uncertainty in many areas of the world. We are looking forward to another good year in 1999." Reuben Mark

"I take deep satisfaction from Colgate's having become Number One in the U.S. toothpaste market, a key objective for several years. From a global perspective, I am pleased that we achieved our strongest growth in Oral Care, Personal Care and Hill's Pet Nutrition. These are our most profitable categories." Bill Shanahan

3

Colgate's Growing Success

Gross Profit Margin 53% 50 47 44 0 96 (% to sales) Earnings Per Share Growth $3.00 2.50 $2.09 2.00 1.50 0 96 97 98 (Basic Earnings Per Share) $2.44 $2.81 97 98 49.1% 52.2% 50.7%

Charts: Gross profit margin continues to increase as a percentage of sales, a key goal. Basic earnings per share have increased by 34% over the past two years.

softeners in scores of countries. New variants of Palmolive shower gel introduced in Europe helped increase market shares in nine countries. Halfway around the globe, in Argentina, new variants of the same shower gel quickly achieved an 11 percent share of this segment after launch. In the U.S., we restaged and introduced a new line of Softsoap brand body washes, capitalizing on the demand for colorful, scented shower gels. Worldwide, our liquid soaps saw continued double-digit volume growth in 1998. Around the world, a record $3.0 billion of sales, or 33 percent of the total, came from new products introduced during the last five years. And our pipeline is full of new products that will offer consumers real value and benefits in the months to come. Building consumption often is as important as increasing

market share, especially where incomes are low. We are working to encourage more purchases per household through special-size packaging, innovative distribution and education. For instance, our programs to increase home usage in Colombia have helped to more than triple household penetration of fabric softener in just five years. As the market leader, with 80 percent of the category, Colgate-Colombia benefits. Similar programs are working to build consumption in Asia. Leaders Have the Advantage In addition to its financial rewards, market leadership provides us with other competitive advantages. The money we commit to advertising and consumer research is spread over a larger sales base, thereby making it a more efficient investment for Colgate. Being Number One also provides leverage with trade customers, and recognition value with consumers. Effective, sustained advertising is key to our continued growth. Total ad spending increased again in 1998, rising to its highest level ever in relation to sales. Media advertising is augmented with promotions that reach consumers in their daily lives. Linking with popular Disney film characters, for example, is building sales of Colgate children's toothbrushes in 32 countries, from Australia to Germany to Venezuela.

New Colgate Total Fresh Stripe -- United States
Colgate enters 1999 having just announced an exciting new toothpaste for the large U.S. market. Colgate Total Fresh Stripe, a striped gel, is the second variant of the Colgate Total line to receive U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval -- the only toothpastes cleared to make claims for gingivitis and plaque reduction. Early reaction from the trade is excellent.

Cost Savings Continue To support leadership, we rely on a financial strategy of reducing overhead and increasing gross profit margin. We focus on profitable growth by allocating 60 percent of capital expenditures to cost-savings programs. The money we save is invested back into new products and advertising and is returned to shareholders in the form of increased profits. Savings will continue to come from a number of areas. For several years, we have been telling you about the benefits of the high-tech global software called SAP . This integrated software reinforces streamlining of our business at every level. Starting with the purchasing of raw materials, right through to getting products on store shelves, SAP provides Colgate people with a real-time overview of the supply chain. Through SAP, they track each process, reduce warehouse inventories, control waste and save millions of dollars. Installation of SAP is complete in the U.S. and expected to be fully operational in Western Europe in mid-1999. Now being implemented in other regions as well, this system offers opportunities for significant future savings. And it is helping to ensure our readiness for year 2000 issues. Another important source of savings is the increase in regional cooperation. Anticipating this trend, Colgate established a firm foundation for

Colgate's Growing Success

4

Colgate's Growing Success
regionalization years ago. Colgate-Europe managers are well prepared to take advantage of economic integration, including the transition toward a common currency in 11 countries -- the euro. All Colgate divisions rely increasingly on expert Regional Purchasing Councils, which meet several times a year to document best practices and negotiate the best prices. In creating these groups, we aggregate volume in large contracts with fewer suppliers and save on raw material costs. This program, in combination with globally driven supply initiatives, has saved over $150 million during the past three years. There are opportunities for additional savings, as only a portion of such expenditures are now made regionally or globally. Regional trade areas have also helped Colgate consolidate manufacturing and reduce costs. Today, we are supplying products to wider geographic areas from fewer factories, each of which specializes in a specific manufacturing process. Stellar results from the developed world indicate further savings ahead, as consolidation unfolds in Latin America and Asia. Already, in just two years, the number of factories in Latin America has declined to 18 from 32. Work in this area is far from done, and we will continue to benefit from new technologies and improved efficiencies, including new ways of standardizing products and packaging. We are well aware that every Colgate activity represents a link of efficiency, starting with the purchase of raw materials, all the way to the last step, purchase by the consumer at store checkout. 38,000 People Working As One Global Team Experienced Colgate people across all disciplines and regions are working in a collective commitment to drive our profitable growth. For instance, teamwork is at the heart of reaping the benefits of SAP. Colgate salespeople are also sharing best practices with their peers as we move to team-based selling for large multi-country trade customers. Collaboration is equally important for new tightly focused groups of research scientists and marketing experts working together from various locations to develop tomorrow's products. Colgate people in the U.S., sharing knowledge and learning to work in teams, are the first to have been trained in "Valuing Colgate People," an award-winning program recognized by the U.S. Department of Labor. Beginning this year, Colgate people worldwide are participating in this program. Its principles of managing with respect are part of our promotion and performance appraisal system. We also strive to build our future management team as intently as we grow our profitability. High performers serve in different countries and jobs, experience different business conditions and embrace Colgate's core values. It is programs and practices like these that add an extra dimension to the talents of all Colgate people, whose dedicated efforts have produced another year of record performance. Colgate shareholders benefit as well from an exceptional Board of Directors, whom we thank for their expert guidance. Colgate continually reinforces its core values to develop the best qualities for people performance. This is the foundation of Colgate's worldwide leadership and consumer trust. Our history of managing all people with respect, and in turn their commitment to profitable growth and shareholder value, should assure that your Company will continue to grow and succeed. Thank You.

I. STRONGER MARKET LEADERSHIP
page 6

II. GREATER PROFITABILITY
page 9

III. THE POWER OF GLOBAL TEAMWORK
page 13

Glossary of Terms
Foreign currency translation ­ the effect of translating sales or expenses in a non-U.S. currency into U.S. dollar results. Global market position­ is based on external market share information in major markets. Where external data is not available, primarily in smaller markets, management estimates market position based upon its understanding of the business and in relation to competitors. Leadership and world ranking reflect countries where Colgate has established its brands and are in relation to competitors in those markets. Market share ­ percentage of the category's retail sales obtained by one brand or company. In this report, unless otherwise stated, market shares are based on value shares provided by either ACNielsen or IRI. SAP ­ computer software that helps companies link all of their business processes into one integrated system, tying together disparate business functions and facilitating the smooth running of the business. Supply chain ­ the process that encompasses every effort involved in producing and delivering a final product from the supplier of ingredients to the retail customer, including planning, sourcing, making and delivering goods. Unit volume growth ­ growth in product units sold, weighted to reflect price per unit.

Reuben Mark Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

William S. Shanahan President and Chief Operating Officer

5

Colgate's Growing Success

