Dear Colgate Shareholder

Reuben Mark

The dedicated efforts of Colgate people throughout the Company made 1997 one of Colgate's strongest years of this decade. The upward momentum carried through all of 1997. Your Company achieved record sales and earnings, strong unit volume growth and record profit margins. More new products were introduced in 1997 than in any previous year, and they proved their value in the world's marketplaces. We supported our new products with increased advertising, increased consumer research and increased promotions. The higher returns generated by Colgate productivity/savings programs made these growth investments possible. Colgate's geographic balance was a major factor in achieving record results and helped to offset foreign currency weakness in Europe and Asia/Africa. Please refer to the Highlights table on the opposite page for a summary of our results. Key achievements included:  $2.8 billion of 1997 sales came from products that did not exist five years ago. This is nearly $400 million greater than new product sales in 1996 and accounts for almost one-third of 1997 revenues.  Concurrent with the launch of Colgate Total plaque-fighting toothpaste, Colgate gained leadership of the U.S. toothpaste market in the fourth quarter. Around the world, new leadership positions were created and William S. Shanahan existing ones strengthened in all of our core categories.  Growth was fastest in Oral Care, Personal Care and Pet Dietary Care, all high-margin businesses, adding to the Company's overall increased profitability.  The implementation of SAP integrated software across the Colgate supply chain contributed to increased profitability. Now installed in operations that produce over 35 percent of Colgate's worldwide sales, SAP will be expanded to all Colgate divisions worldwide by 2001. Global efficiencies in purchasing--combined with product and packaging standardization--also produced large savings.  Greater efficiency helped reduce working capital at year-end to 4 percent of sales, versus 5 percent in 1996 and 13 percent ten years ago.  The $180 million increase in operating cash flow enabled the Company to lower its net debt-to-capital ratio to 53 percent at 1997 yearend, down from 58 percent at 1996 and 64 percent at 1995.  In Brazil, Sorriso brand toothpaste was introduced throughout the country and achieved full market distribution. As part of the regulatory approval of Colgate's acquisition of Kolynos, the Kolynos brand of toothpaste has been discontinued in Brazil for four years.  Hill's Pet Nutrition had another strong year, increasing sales by 11 percent, accompanied by improved profitability. One especially good market was Japan, where Hill's strengthened its market leadership by introducing 11 new products and launching television advertising.

1

Growing Leadership with Powerful Global Brands Colgate people's ability to innovate and respond to consumers everywhere is a major factor behind the 1997 growth and strong market leadership of the Company. Colgate's growing success is directly related to its strategic plan to increase market leadership in its most important product categories, such as toothpaste, deodorants and cleaners. Colgate has achieved global leadership in toothpaste, liquid soap, all-purpose cleaner and specialty pet food, and is No.1 in vast regions of the world in toothbrushes, dishwashing products, men's stick deodorants, fabric softeners and bleach. To build on this success, our long-term plan lays out specific leadership targets in core categories by region today and into the 21st century. Performance is on target: The expansion of Colgate Sensation whitening toothpaste, now in 41 countries, and of Colgate Total, now in 104 countries, is adding to Colgate's overwhelming global leadership. Colgate baking soda & peroxide, expanded to 46 countries, has added incremental toothpaste market share as well. Colgate's share of fabric softeners in its markets has increased by almost three share points since 1995, and the 1997 introduction of Ajax Fête des Fleurs allpurpose cleaner brought new No.1 positions. Underarm revenues grew at a double-digit rate globally in 1997 with expansion of Colgate's growing success is directly Mennen Speed Stick gel and Lady Speed Stick Invisible Dry. In the related to its strategic plan to increase U.S., introductions of Palmolive antibacterial, Ajax antibacterial and market leadership in its most important Palmolive for pots & pans have boosted dishwashing liquid market share to record levels. In other areas, Colgate is pioneering underproduct categories, such as toothpaste, developed categories, including Fabuloso cleaner in Southeast Asia deodorants and cleaners. and Axion dishwashing paste in India. Global Management Structure Drives Region-Specific Strategies Early in 1997, a new global management structure was created to take advantage of the different opportunities present in High Growth Markets and Developed Markets, with two of Colgate's most experienced and proven senior executives heading these new geographical groupings. David Metzler oversees High Growth Markets and Lois Juliber heads Developed Markets. Strategic regional initiatives are being implemented. In Europe, Colgate's headquarters are being centrally located in Paris, supported by a high-tech administrative center in Ireland and three category-specific product innovation centers. For Latin America, we have based our product innovation center for all categories in Mexico, and similar moves are planned for other regions in 1998 to speed products to market and increase profitability. Adding to region-specific initiatives is the Company's vast consumer intelligence. We interview over 500,000 consumers in more than 30 countries annually to learn more about their habits and usage of our products. The findings from this research pay off in rising sales from new products, evidenced by the $2.8 billion of our sales coming from recently introduced products in 1997. To support new products and existing brands, Colgate increased the ratio of total advertising to sales to its highest level in more than a decade and boosted absolute total ad spending 12 percent. Enhanced productivity/cost-savings programs provide the funds to do this. Cost-Savings Programs Fund Growth Colgate's use of SAP integrated software and related streamlining has already realized significant cost-savings. But the biggest savings are expected to come onstream in 1999-2000 as we change processes and organizational structure while implementing best practices in each region. Using SAP, Colgate will continue to improve supply chain
2

performance, reduce working capital, leverage shared services, and realize global opportunities in key areas like purchasing and global customer relations. We are pleased to report the completion of major restructuring projects in North America and Europe under the program initiated in 1995. Other projects are progressing on target, including plant closures, with additional activity planned in 1998. Throughout our operations, we are reducing the total delivered cost of Colgate products. Our global purchasing plan is designed to save millions more, through such initiatives as changing formulas to use fewer materials and working with fewer, carefully chosen, global suppliers to create broad, long-term partnerships that lower costs. Supply chain efficiencies, such as reducing the cycle time between purchase of raw materials to delivery of finished goods, helped to reduce working capital in both 1996 and 1997. In the U.S., cycle time has been cut nearly in half, on average, since 1994. The average cost per case in that country declined nearly 10 percent in 1997. Customers Recognize Colgate's Service The cost-savings programs and heightened responsiveness generate increased profitability and cash flow for Colgate and enhanced service for our customers. Today's more efficient, responsive Colgate is being recognized by our major trade partners. Wal-Mart honored Colgate with its "Vendor of the Quarter" award twice in 1997, and Target named Colgate "Vendor of the Year" for the sixth consecutive year. Looking Ahead The end of 1997 was a difficult economic time for some Asian countries and we would like to put this in perspective vis-à-vis Colgate. Of the ASEAN countries experiencing economic difficulty, Colgate competes only in Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. These three countries represent less than 4 percent of our total sales and earnings. Moreover, our market shares across Asia remain strong. We continue to make investments in China, where the launch of a high-quality, lower priced toothpaste has met with excellent success. As global managers, Colgate people are accustomed to dealing with wide currency swings. Thus, history supports that our geographic balance will continue to be a major plus for Colgate. Colgate's Intangible Assets Colgate shareholders benefit from owning a company with valuable global brands that have earned the trust and confidence of consumers in 212 countries and territories around the world. Colgate and its shareholders also gain from an experienced, dedicated Board of Directors and the 38,000 committed Colgate people who made 1997 an outstanding success. We take this opportunity to thank all members of the Colgate family. We look forward to continuing to achieve strong performance--now, and well into the future--as we implement the strategies that will carry Colgate into the 21st century and build value for all shareholders. Thank you.

Reuben Mark Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

William S. Shanahan President and Chief Operating Officer

3

