 Dear Colgate
four-year Global Growth and Efficiency Program designed to produce significant benefits in the Company’s long-term business performance. The program’s initiatives focus on three areas:
u Expanding our use of commercial hubs, that is, clustering single-country subsidiaries into more efficient regional units;
u Extending our business-supporting shared service centers to all regions and expanding their scope beyond accounting and finance to stream- line additional global functions; and
u Further optimizing our global supply chain and facilities.
Aftertax savings of approximately $30 million to $40 million are expected to begin in the latter half of 2013. By the fourth year of the program, we expect annual aftertax savings to reach approximately $275 million to $325 million. Reinvestment will focus on new product innovation and brand building, enabling technology and analytics, digital engagement and driving growth in emerging markets.
The cumulative charges for the program are pro- jected to be between $775 million and $875 million aftertax, with approximately $185 million to $220 million aftertax in 2013.
We are living in a fast-changing world with many challenges, including slowing economies in many countries. This program will help us to move forward from our current position of strength to continue to deliver sustained, profitable growth over the long term.
Q. With challenging macroeconomic conditions in many parts of the world, how can Colgate continue to deliver such strong results?
A. Accelerating growth and staying ahead of the competition will require being smarter and faster in everything we do. We have chosen to undertake this Global Growth and Efficiency Program now
when our business is strong in order to capitalize on our growth momentum. One of the key objectives is to become even stronger on the ground through the expansion of proven global and regional commercial capabilities, such as the use of commercial hubs and shared service centers.
Commercial hubbing drives smarter and faster decision-making by strengthening the resources available to the smaller operations in the region. This allows the local operations to focus more on building market share, professional recommenda- tions and retailer engagement to drive growth. Hubbing also improves cost structure by reducing redundancies.
Simplifying and standardizing how work gets done will also lead to being smarter and faster on the ground. In Europe, our financial shared service center in Warsaw, Poland, has significantly reduced structural costs for the region by first lifting and shifting transactional work to a central location,
then standardizing those processes. We have also seen an increase in the speed and value of services provided to subsidiaries.
Together with the expansion of these already successful programs, Colgate people remain sharply focused on the Company’s four strategic initiatives: Engaging to Build Our Brands, Innovation for Growth, Effectiveness and Efficiency, and Lead- ing to Win. As outlined in this report, these initiatives continue to power Colgate’s global growth.
Q. Today’s commodity and cost environment is increasingly volatile. What is Colgate doing to ensure its long history of gross margin expansion continues?
A. Mindful of the historical cost run-ups we’ve seen in the past couple of years, we continue to be very focused on generating savings throughout all areas of the business to fund Colgate’s growth. Our tradi-
Shareholder
On the following pages, Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO answers questions often asked by our shareholders regarding our business results, key strategic initiatives and the Company’s pros- pects for future growth.*
  Ian Cook
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
*In the questions and answers provided, the Company’s results and outlook are discussed excluding charges resulting from the implementation of the 2012 Restructuring Program and certain other items in 2012 and 2011. A complete reconciliation between reported results (GAAP) and results excluding these items (Non- GAAP), including a description of such items, is available on Colgate’s web site and on page 24 of this report.
Q. Please comment on the Company’s 2012 global business results.
A. We are delighted to have delivered another year of strong performance in 2012. Net sales grew 2.0% to an all-time record level, and global unit volume from continuing businesses grew 3.5%, led by strong growth in emerging markets. We achieved our profit goals, with diluted earnings per share increasing 7%, despite an intense competitive environment, volatile foreign currency exchange and challenging macro- economic conditions worldwide.
All of the Company’s fundamentals are strong and getting stronger. Gross profit margin, operating profit margin and net income as a percentage of sales all increased versus year ago.
Advertising spending behind the Company’s brands rose 3%, leading to market share gains across many of our core categories. Notably, Col- gate’s global market shares in toothpaste, manual toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soaps, body wash, deodorants and fabric conditioners all increased dur- ing the year.
We also maintained our strong balance sheet and cash flow, which, along with the Company’s posi- tive growth momentum, led the Board of Directors
to authorize a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend, effective in the second quarter of 2012.
Q. How will the 2012 Restructuring Program an- nounced in October 2012 contribute to growth and profitability? When do the projected savings begin? A. Colgate’s 2012 Restructuring Program is a
         Geographic Highlights
North America (18% of sales)
u Sales increased 3.5% in 2012, and unit volume grew 2.0%.
u Operating profit increased 5%.
u Colgate Optic White and Colgate Optic White Enamel White
toothpastes contributed to toothpaste market share gains.
u Colgate’s strength in manual toothbrushes also continued in the
U.S., driven by the success of Colgate 360° Optic White, Colgate 360° Sensitive Pro-Relief and Colgate Extra Clean.
Latin America (29% of sales)
u Sales increased 2.5% in 2012, and unit volume from continuing businesses grew 4.0%.
u Operating profit increased 1%.
u Colgate Luminous White, Colgate Total Pro Gum Health and
Colgate Triple Action Extra Whitening toothpastes, Colgate 360° Luminous White manual toothbrush, the relaunch of Colgate Plax mouthwash, Protex Men bar soap and Speed Stick Naturals & Protect deodorant contributed to market share gains throughout the region.
Europe/South Pacific (20% of sales)
u Sales declined 2.5% in 2012, and unit volume grew 4.0%.
u The Sanex acquisition added 3.0% to sales and unit volume growth.
u Operating profit increased 4%.
u Colgate Max White One and Colgate Total Pro Gum Health
toothpastes, Colgate 360° Max White One and Colgate Total Pro Gum Health manual toothbrushes, Sanex Zero% shower gel and Soupline Aroma Sensations fabric conditioner contributed to growth throughout the region.
 Poland
16 17

  South Africa Hill’s Pet Nutrition
tional Funding The Growth cost-savings program, a collection of small initiatives globally, has generated between $400 million and $700 million of pretax savings annually over the last several years and that pace is expected to continue. Another area we are increasingly focused on is making pricing more of a strategic competence. It’s all about balancing profit- able growth with the health of our brands.
We are building pricing excellence into our culture in several ways. We have developed global guide- lines with performance measures against those guidelines that are reviewed regularly throughout
the year. We have also developed a standardized training program, which includes interactive work- shops to share ideas and best practices, and have launched a new pricing web site accessible through- out the Colgate world. These efforts, we believe, have helped us manage the right balance globally between unit volume growth and higher pricing, which drives gross margin expansion.
Q. Please discuss how Colgate is using enhanced technology and advanced business analytics to drive growth.
A. Advanced information technology has clearly increased the amount and quality of data available for companies like Colgate and makes analytics that are aligned with key business priorities an essential competency in order to stay ahead of the competi- tion. We rely on a whole range of tools from the fundamentals of basic analytics, such as reporting
of market data, pricing and new product tracking, to more advanced business analytics, everything from marketing mix modeling and shelf assortment optimization to shopper loyalty data.
In Mexico and Brazil, for example, after an analysis of our marketing mix, we reworked the way we spend our traditional media money. Specifically, media spending was shifted to productive print and
digital vehicles, and we changed the scheduling and lengths of our television commercials. As a result, we doubled our rate of return on investment.
As we make these analytics a global strategic and tactical core competency, we are becoming more and more successful in driving profitable top- line growth.
Q. How is Colgate meeting consumers’ desire for more meaningful innovation?
A. Today’s consumer is very discerning and wants value, and value doesn’t necessarily mean low price. It means offering innovative products that are incre- mental, breakthrough and transformational.
We’ve discussed before the importance of our nine consumer innovation centers, located close to consumers in different parts of the world. At these centers, marketing and consumer insight profes- sionals identify opportunities based on insights into consumer behavior and work closely with scientists to ensure we have the right technology in place. Another important element of our innovation strategy is our use of external partnerships to complement our strong internal capability.
Our success in delivering meaningful innovation is evident in several recent introductions. After a very successful launch in the United States, we are taking our breakthrough whitening brand, Colgate Optic White, around the world, offering a full whiten- ing regimen including toothpaste, toothbrush and mouthwash.
With the launch of Colgate ProClinical in Euro- pean markets this past October, we entered the
$1 billion-plus rechargeable toothbrush category, a segment that we have not competed in before. The product combines intelligent technology and design for superior oral health and works in a unique way. The speed and direction of the bristle movement adjusts automatically depending on the orientation of
the brush, giving users a strong yet gentle clean.
Q. What are the Company’s expectations for the Hill’s business going forward?
A. We are projecting a return to volume growth for the Hill’s business in 2013, driven by a very full pipeline of innovation, including the relaunch of our Science Diet wellness line and of Ideal Balance, our naturals offering, and the launch of Prescription Diet Metabolic Advanced Weight Solution.
We have made a major upgrade in our Sci-
ence Diet business in the United States with a new formulation, which contains natural ingredients with high quality animal protein as the first ingredient and which has significant taste improvement. We also have improved packaging and clear selling commu- nications for our consultants at retail. Together with our new integrated marketing campaign, “What Vets Feed Their Pets,” the refreshed offering has already gained strong customer support.
Ideal Balance represents Hill’s entry into the natu- rals pet food segment. It takes advantage of Hill’s expertise in pet nutrition to provide natural ingre- dients in perfect nutritional balance. The relaunch, which is continuing to build momentum, will reposi- tion Ideal Balance as an authentic natural proposi- tion while maintaining the strength of Hill’s scientific credentials. We are expanding into all key segments: dry, wet and treats and removing wheat and soy from all products.
These activities and other innovations, supported by increased marketing investment, together with growing veterinary endorsement levels worldwide, are expected to build growth momentum in the Hill’s business as we progress through the year and be- yond.
Q. Please provide an update on the Company’s progress toward its sustainability goals.
Hill’s Pet Nutrition (13% of sales)
A. Colgate has committed to a 2011 to 2015 sus- tainability strategy with focused, measurable goals around three areas: People, Performance and Planet. We are making great progress on those goals by integrating sustainability into our everyday operations.
In 2012, for example, Colgate began evaluat-
ing new products using a Product Sustainability Scorecard to drive improvement across the product life cycle, and it was estimated that approximately 30% of Colgate’s packaging materials globally are from recycled sources. Additionally, we continue to expand the reach of Colgate’s “Bright Smiles, Bright Futures” oral health education program and of our global hand washing campaign to more children and their families around the world.
More on our sustainability strategy and progress in this area appears on page 21 of this report.
Q. What is the Company’s outlook for 2013?
A. Looking forward, we expect our growth momen- tum to continue in 2013. Our new product pipeline is very full around the world and we are pleased that our worldwide restructuring program is on track and proceeding smoothly.
We have proven global strategies that have con- sistently delivered strong results despite competitive and macroeconomic challenges, and a world-class team around the world aligned behind clear goals.
As we move ahead together, I wish to thank all Colgate people worldwide for their personal commit- ment to achieving our goals with the highest ethical standards, and express appreciation for the support of our customers, suppliers, shareholders and direc- tors.
Ian Cook
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
         Greater Asia/Africa (20% of sales)
  18
19
Geographic Highlights (continued)
u
u u u
Sales increased 7.0% in 2012, and unit volume from continuing businesses grew 7.5%.
The Sanex acquisition added 0.5% to sales and unit volume growth. Operating profit increased 10%.
Colgate Optic White, Colgate Total Pro Gum Health and Darlie Enamel toothpastes, Colgate Slim Soft and Colgate 360° Surround manual toothbrushes and Protex Men shower gel contributed to growth throughout the region.
u
u u
u
Sales and unit volume declined 0.5% and 2.5%, respectively, in 2012.
Operating profit increased 5%.
Veterinary recommendations for the Hill’s brand remain high world- wide.
Innovative new products succeeding in the U.S. include Science Diet Ideal Balance canine and feline, Science Diet Tender Dinners feline, Prescription Diet y/d Feline Thyroid Health and Prescription Diet i/d Canine Low Fat GI Restore.
